

m i g r a t i o n s

Volume III: Inward and Toward


ashim shanker


Migrations, Volume III: Inward and Toward 

Copyright © 2019 by Ashim Shanker
All rights reserved

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

Table of Contents

Part One: In Union

The Escaped Inmate
Entreaty to the Snuggledogs
The Domesticated Immigrant
Feral Jestering
Escape Artist! 
On Forces of Intention
The Accursed Lands
At the Sallow Falls B&B
The General’s Questionable Motives
A Long and Curious Message

A. Part One – Disregard what you have already been told
B. Part Two – On our Perpetual Shifts and Transmutations
C. Part Three – The “Waterfall/Orange” Simulation
D. Part Four – On Epistemological Preference
E. Part Five – The Bunnu – O. Dynamic
F. Part Six – The Second Moon and the Narrative of “Sky”
G. Part Seven – On the Insurmountable Gaps between Bubbles of Paradigm
H. Part Eight– In Constant Flux
I. Part Nine– A Separate Manifestation
J. Part Ten – The Fractional Bunnu
K. Part Eleven – Our Overlapping ‘What’
L. Part Twelve – From Fringe Terrorists to Collaborating Researchers
M. Part Thirteen – My Retreat in the Hills and a Fit of Digression
N. Part Fourteen – The Cybernetic Divinities, Applied Poetries and other Burgeoning Fields of Research
O. Part Fifteen – On Our Provocation of Bilious Humors throughout Academia
P. Part Sixteen – Our Work on ‘Mirror Experiences’ and Beyond
Q. Part Seventeen – Your Former Acquaintance
R. Part Eighteen - At first flight
S. Part Nineteen - Your part in this
T. Part Twenty - So…?

On the Way to the Airport
In Union?

Part Two: To Separation

A Clarification
Prolegomena to any Future Eviscerations
The Accursed Moon
Reconstruction of the Spectacle
The Seasons
Adrift
Tangled Branches
Ways out
Connection

About the Author
Part One 

In Union
The Escaped Inmate


The door opened: 3 people entered the room.
Until now, it had been a rather peaceful morning here in this modest cabin in the woods, but these 3 new interlopers seemed to care very little about preserving the simple dignity of this dwelling and were not at all reluctant to barge in and make their affrontive presence known. Among them was a rather persistent little crone who apparently saw fit to prevail herself immediately upon these surroundings with little reservation over her jarring impositions upon the ecosystems of fungi and insects and small rodents proliferating here. There was an unrelenting importance she carried with her—not a self-importance, to be sure, but rather an urgency to her every motion, to her every breath that was simply too exhausting to bear.
She and her retinue bore with them also a multitude of cycles and systems alien to the dynamics of this cabin. Their shared demeanor betrayed a complex intermingling of routines and affiliations and networks and dependencies and obligations and liabilities and transactions and handshakes and compromises and leniencies and mandates and terms of sale and qualifications and exceptions and vagaries and certitudes and cravings and disillusionments. The oppressive weight of these cycles overwhelmed rather quickly the more delicate workings that had shaped the ‘balance’ of this chamber. However, there was no recognition of this among these trespassers, for the cycles they carried with them defined every particle of their presumptive social being, and there was, for them, simply no envisioning an existence deprived of these systems.
This was not to say that it was impossible for them to do so, but simply that they seemed rather dependent upon them like travelers who had overpacked for a journey. There was a need for assurance ‘just in case’ something unfortunate should ever occur, and so there was a self-imposed necessity to keep one’s baggage packed to the hilt and to carry along any and all known quantities in the remote hope that they should prove useful in the negotiation of values yet undetermined. Naturally, the concern underlying this way of thinking seemed to betray a kind of fear of deprivation, and it was difficult not to think that maybe that they were all truly worked up over something for no good reason.
They all seemed to think that their being ‘here’ was important. 
Was it?
The indefatigable little crone spoke for the first time now: “Bunnu, we heard a groan…we took that to mean we could enter. Are you-” Waylaid rather suddenly by an unseen menace, the incessant pest covered her nose and exclaimed: “Goodness. My goodness, Bunnu! Your place reeks of urine! You have to do something about this. And this terrible mess too! How the devil have you been able to live like this?” 
The crone’s eyes now silently scrutinized the clump of flesh she seemed to be addressing, presumably in the hope of eliciting a ‘reasonable justification,’ but, of course, there was none to be given.  She pursed her lips, and a scowl pinned itself between her brows. Arms akimbo, she swiveled on her heels to address some gangly accomplice she referred to as Ottoman, “You! Think he’s still catatonic?”
“Wasn’t catatonic in the first place: heard he was just giving everyone the silent treatment. Never spoke once, they said.” This Ottoman fellow remarked, whilst calmly covering his mustache, concerned perhaps that this dense and unrelenting ammoniacal smell should infuse itself into its whiskers. There was a certain charm in his lack of immediate panic. 
“But he looks so gaunt!” the crone whispered back emphatically. “And…he’s aged so much. I thought they treated them well there!”
“As well as could be. He looks no different than when I last saw him.”
“When was the last time you met him?”
“Same as the first time I met him: on the day of his arrest.” Ottoman shrugged his shoulders. He removed his hand from his mustache now. Clearly, there was no way around this scent. It was the most overpowering presence in the room. He could rationalize no other action, but to yield to the authority of this unseen entity. A wise move indeed! 
His shoulders slumped now with despondence as he sighed. Something about having to succumb to the whims of a mere scent—foul-smelling or otherwise—appeared to depress him terribly. His attention returned to the escaped inmate: “Now that you mention it, he does look a smidgen worse for the wear. That could also have something to do with the season. He was wearing much heavier clothing when I saw him last.  It was winter, so naturally—oh! His legs look a bit shorter too. Think he’s shrunk?”
“I just hope he hasn’t gone feeble-minded.  Just look how old he is! The process of mental decline must surely have begun by now.”
“But he’s younger than you, no?” This statement didn’t appear to go over well at all, and noting the piqued look now spreading across her features, this Ottoman fellow back-pedaled: “…and younger than me, for certain. Yes? He’s our younger brother. That’s…what I meant to -“
Sighing, the crone turned to the man standing behind her. “We aren’t being billed for time yet, are we?”
The man, a seemingly self-possessed gentleman in formal attire, whose sheen of costumery was only exceeded by that glint of brightness erupting from his pomaded hair, removed his spectacles and began to polish them with a handkerchief he produced from the pocket of his blazer: “The clock’s been running since we left my office this morning. What time was that? About half-past 39. Possibly closer to quarter till 40. I just made those units of time up, didn’t I? Right, I’ll not distract you with false times. I’ve known a few who function in the time racket, and it’s not as lucrative as most would imagine. Nope, not for me. No time racketeering here, dear Madame Didi. No, no. Allow me to assure you that my assistant has made note of the true time. We can check with him later. Reliable fellow. Good with clocks.”
“Is that man your assistant?” Didi pointed out the door, which still stood ajar. It was difficult to determine from this vantage point the object to which she was referring.
“Oh, good Lord, no. Dear me, no! That’s my valet. He’s no good with clerical duties. Not with clocks either. My man over yonder is better for a journey over rugged mountain terrain like this. He’s an excellent tracker, no? Liked the possum meat he trapped up for us, yes?”
“Admirable, yes. And he really knows his way around these woods. We probably wouldn’t have found this cabin without him.”
“Come now! You give him too much credit! Finding this place would have been childishly simple! I could have found it in my sleep, but of course it would be silly for someone like me to do it myself, don’t you think? It is much better to have a tribesman like him sniffing the warm feces, analyzing the muddy footprints, picking through the discarded bone fragments and rotted apple cores for hints; better to have him otherwise dealing with all that dirty, uncivilized wretchedness along the way. I wouldn’t want to ruin these new gloves. Like them? Hard to find bright whites like these at this time of year. It’s made from a blend of fine Wormdrool Silk and a newly discovered eukaryotic microorganism called Saccharomyces-55. Very soft on the insides: which is good because I have to keep my fingers delicate and nimble for the purposes of tender lovemaking. Anyway, as you can see for yourselves, my valet would have had great difficulty doing all this without my supervision, training and direction. In fact, there are others besides him who could have found this place without all those needless detours we took this morning. I’ve worked with more skilled tribesmen than him in the past. You could not begin to fathom my plenitude of resources. But…of course, you must have some idea.  Otherwise, well…” He half-smiled, as his eyes narrowed. He removed his gloves and placed them in the pockets of his blazer before pulling a small nail file from the chest pocket.  He started sculpting his nails, then blowing on them gently.
“Naturally, yes.” Didi admitted with wide-eyed deference. Ottoman also seemed to cower slightly before the presence of the Fancy Man. There was a peculiar power dynamic at work here.
They were clients of this man: a fact, which in and of itself, should have been sufficient to imply that they were the ones most in control of the current situation, if not for their shared uncertainty, which seemed to reverse the power dynamic in such a way as to grant him an inordinate amount of influence over what was in the best interests of all parties involved. This, of course, was naturally compounded by his handsome physical presence and the impressive sense of assurance with which he carried himself.
For the amount of trust they instilled in him, he could have done anything he liked and had their full consent: he could have created a whole new species of beings from the mud outside of the cabin, with prehistoric limbs shaped by scattered fossils, with three heads of acorns, spiny tails of brambles, and a formless heart of no substance, but composed rather of a scent—the scent of deep-sea Gigantactis erraticus perhaps—and he could have given life to this new race of creation and presided over it like a god and ignored blatantly the legal issues pertaining to this brother of his clients, and they would have stood by, nodding their heads with approval, expecting that this was all a part of the larger process of serving their needs, and they would possibly even have abetted him in the assembly of these tiny anathemic organisms. In short, these rubes would have done anything he asked of them, however irrelevant and absurd it may have seemed, and, at the end of the day, he still would have gotten paid for it! 
 
*  *  *

At the apparent sting of this sudden realization, the Fancy Man now snickered under his breath, for the first time absorbing a multitude of new possibilities hitherto beyond his grasp. For some inexplicable reason, he had these poor rubes under his spell. And now, the clock of billable time was running. In order to ensure that it kept running, it was essential that he did everything in his power to engage them deeply in the legal matters of their brother—for if he could get them mired lastingly enough in the tireless mechanisms of this process, they should most certainly deem, in their eternal perambulations of the legalistic labyrinth, his services utterly crucial.  They had signed the contract: every service he performed for them thenceforth, however menial, became billable!  It was doubtful they would question him on this point. Apparently, they’d been taken in by his professional attire and solemn demeanor.  They’d found it impressive, maybe! Of course, it was foolish to judge a person on the sole basis of appearance. Any child knew this! And yet, for some reason he couldn’t possibly deserve, they respected and trusted him implicitly. He had never been in this situation before, had never been endowed with such reverence by strangers: thus, he knew he would have to milk this opportunity for everything it was worth. He wondered momentarily how he must have appeared in their eyes, wondered what it was about him that actually impressed them. He wished truly he could be the thing that they saw, wished he could transform lastingly into the image they projected onto him with the focused beams of fancy. Maybe it was possible. Maybe he could actually metamorphose into the impressive individual they saw. Maybe he had already started this magnificent process of evolution and hadn’t realized it yet. If this was the case, all that seemed to be required of him now was to maintain that façade of unshakable confidence. And surely the emotional wherewithal to do so should not be too difficult to muster! “Hmm hmm hmm…yes yes yes!” He now said to himself for no reason in particular. His ears were suddenly tickled by the sound of his own voice.  
Yes…there could be no doubt: he was already evolving! 

*  *  *

In contrast to the Fancy Man’s nearly delusional sense of optimism, Didi’s face betrayed an utter lack of self-confidence. She bit her lower lip and addressed the man now with a dejected and subservient tone: “Um, so…what do we do now, Sir? Do you believe it would be wise to get a doctor?”
“That rather depends on you,” he sniffed with unflappable confidence. In the harsh glare of his condescension, it was nearly impossible for his clients not to shield their eyes, blinded by the vehemence with which he radiated redoubtable expertise in matters such as these. His voice, no less commanding, he asked: “Just how long did you intend to stay in Vasalla?”
“W-well, that’s a difficult question to answer at the moment, given our current family circumstances. Money is tight.  We were searching for a place in town, but that’s on hold for the moment. Meanwhile, we’re staying at that new inn in the cavern behind the waterfalls.”
“I think I know the place. Is that the one just beyond Coelacanth Isle?”
“No, that one’s a bit steep for us.”
“Pity. They have a fantastic breakfast there.  How could you miss out on that?” He managed to carry in his deportment a sense of authority, even in saying something as trivial as this.
“I’m talking about the one behind Sallow Falls. Across the River Mandayya, out beyond the reclaimed land.  It’s a manmade waterfall actually.  In fact, that whole part of town is manmade.”
“Oh…” he said with a wince. He looked briefly offended: “Yes I…Yes I know that part of town. But I suppose someone has to cater to…well anyway! Sallow Falls…is that the Sallow Falls B&B?”
“Why, yes. We get a special discount since we are working temporarily for their parent company.”
“Guni Corporation, eh? Can’t imagine anything more than a peasant’s breakfast there. How unfortunate for you. Lot of synthetic Mumta meat, no?”
“Guni Limited Liability Corporation,” Didi corrected. “The breakfast is passable. I’m not a big fan of this new mock cannibalism fad. I don’t think these new joints popping up all over the place will last long… but I’m just the entertainment. What do I know?”
“Yes, indeed!” the Fancy Man assented happily. His voice suddenly lost its commanding tone. He continued in a gentler, somewhat suggestive whisper, “So…you are a dancer then? Singer? Acrobat? Man Tamer? Contemptress? Hospitality girl?” He licked his lips as his eyes moved up and down her costume.
Didi’s eyes momentarily registered with disappointment the sudden change in his persona, but she answered his question nonetheless: “I…well…I entertain.” Her tone suddenly seemed to indicate that she was less impressed with him now than she had been in moments previous, “Anyway… (sigh) … to answer your earlier question more specifically: I am not sure how long we will be in Vasalla. We’re in town for the moment, but circumstances may require us to leave for Bahlia sometime soon. Family emergency. But we want to get all this business with my brother sorted first. Of course, now that we’ve successfully tracked him down—thank you very much for your help with that, by the way—er…so, now that we’ve done that, of course it seems tempting to just make a run for Bahlia without worrying over his legal problems, but I would prefer to handle this the proper way.  I don’t know what that involves exactly, and for all I know this could get our family lost in a mad shuffle of documents and penalties and fees.  But it…it just feels right.  I want to make sure there is no confusion: my brother Bunnu is not a criminal and we want to see to it that any paperwork indicating the contrary can be attended to in the proper way, assuming we have the resources to do so.  That’s why we’ve commissioned not only your tracking services, but also those additional services we talked about in your office this morning.” She paused again, presumably contemplating something. A hint of regret seemed to manifest itself in the way her eyebrows arched.  The curled downturned tug at the left side of her mouth signaled a growing mistrust. “So, just out of curiosity, why did you want to know how long we’d be here?”
“W-well…if…well…” he began to stammer self-consciously. His mind suddenly spiraled in a fury for fear of losing the upper hand, “…y’see….if, we had the luxury…of time at our disposal…well, we could see if we could get your brother… here… into a sanatorium.  Y’know… in one of the nearby mountain villages and monitor his progress from afar. Well, I mean… not too far! Being in Vasalla keeps you within a half day’s journey.” He patted his forehead nervously with his handkerchief.
Didi frowned, as her eyes narrowed with suspicion: “Y’think a sanatorium would do him any good?  You mean he’s sick or something?” 
“I’m not qualified to make that sort of determination!” He said curtly, in an aggressive attempt to assert control back over the situation.  Judging by their surprise, it seemed to work. The power dynamic had shifted now twice back and forth in a matter of minutes.
“Naturally. I didn’t mean to-“
“But if he were ill…” the Fancy Man chirped with redoubled vigor.  His excitement swelled rapidly and he repeated this phrase again with the sort of emphasis a dramatic actor might give to an important line of dialogue:  “If he were ill—not that I hope he is, of course—but if he were, that might serve as reasonable grounds for an appeal with one of the judges.  Of course, we would have to make our case before a judge who was willing to hear your brother’s case. We’ll worry about that later though. There is no shortage of judges about. Anyway, if we are able to find one, we might be able to leverage a bit of influence over him in the hopes of getting a warrant issued barring your brother’s recapture. Actually, more specifically, it would be a warrant countermanding any other warrants issued for his recapture.  I guess when I put it that way, it sounds somewhat confusing.”
“No, not at all,” Didi said, intrigued by this refreshing display of competence. She did not know such a thing was possible. “Well…that would be really… erm…great. I just don’t want him to go back to that awful place. I do sincerely hope we can get one of the judges to issue that order. So how does one go about making this happen?  You told us back in your office that you might know a judge in one of the courts over whom you’d have some influence. So, is this where you come in?”
 “Oh, yes. Er…that. Well, not…exactly,” the Fancy Man said with a hint of feigned embarrassment.  He had anticipated this last question long before and had decided already how he would go about deflecting it.  First, it required him to show moderate surprise at having been asked so bluntly about his connections. In effectively faking embarrassment, he was able to elicit from Didi a slight gesture of apology in her expression for not being tactful enough in her method of inquiry. Now, he altered his tone of voice to resemble that of an adult patiently instructing a child who behaved foolishly, but who didn’t know any better, “I must caution here that…” he cleared his throat authoritatively, “…it is…er…essential that we not get ahead of ourselves at this juncture. We must carry forward this process carefully step-by-step.  If we grow too impulsive, or we inadvertently miss a vital step along the way, all could be lost…or, at the very least, delayed indefinitely. Also, I ask you to keep in mind that each case—especially in view of all the mitigating and exacerbating factors which are bound to come up over the course of the legal proceedings—is subject to a different outcome. Therefore, it is beyond my powers to guarantee a favorable outcome, especially if you have not been one hundred percent forthcoming with me about his situation.  Something as simple as unpaid back taxes can even serve to make the situation worse for him.  So...I urge you to proceed with caution and to trust that I am only moving slowly because I want to ensure that nothing vital is overlooked.  You understand this, do you not?”
“Oh yes. Well…of course!” Didi said, pulling her breath in through her teeth and holding it nervously. This need to move slowly was only too clear now to her. She now felt a little foolish for jumping the gun and asking him to reach out to his connections among the judges. Surely, there was a process to all this that she did not yet understand.
“So, first things first!” the Fancy Man continued, “First…first…first, we need to show proof of illness. This would require a doctor’s note, which is another process in and of itself. I must warn again—I cannot warn often enough!—that this whole endeavor, from start to finish, should prove to be a rather lengthy process. I want you to set your expectations accordingly! Patience is extremely important!  Along the way, there will be no shortage of frustrations and petty defeats, but we must not lose our resolve. We must battle on! Are you prepared to do that?”
“Certainly. Certainly.”
“Excellent. Well, I just wanted to make sure you understood that it might not be as simple as you think.  I admire your commitment to your brother’s case.  In fact, I am quite proud of you!”  He paused for a moment and put a finger to his chin, “Ah, there’s one more thing, and…well, I do not know quite how to put this—and let me tell you, I am somewhat embarrassed that this requires mentioning—but I feel it is my obligation to remind you that one of the stipulations of the contract you signed back in my office stated clearly that there would be no guarantees about a ‘favorable outcome’ and that any time spent by me or my staff in any matter relating to your brother’s case, regardless of the outcome, is still very much billable.  Of course, you know I will do my utmost for a favorable outcome either way. After all, we have already located your brother! Yes?”
“Yes, you have…we have! As for the contract, yes… I read and agreed to those terms.  Thank you for reminding me.  I really do appreciate all that you’re doing for us, regardless of the legal outcome. You found Bunnu!  For that alone, we are forever thankful!”  She glanced at Ottoman briefly. They became aware momentarily of this man’s seemingly desperate desire to maintain their confidence, whilst also owning up to certain yet-to-be-revealed shortcomings. He seemed to be delicately lowering their expectations in the hopes of preparing them for a display of incompetence somewhere down the road.  They said nothing about this, but in that brief knowing look, they were able to convey intuitively to each other that they recognized it.  In a peculiar way, they felt slightly empowered by this realization. And to a certain extent, there existed even a degree of inexplicable excitement for the spectacle of ineptitude soon to be presented, as though it were some performance for which they had waited on pins and needles to see; why they should feel such glorious anticipation for a failure that was sure to bring them severe anguish, they could not imagine.  And yet it was there: a certain gleeful expectancy for the cracks which were sure to appear in the surface of a well-crafted facade, a rapturous openness to disillusionment. For a moment, the needs of their escaped inmate brother were forgotten, for greater enticements lay afoot!

*  *  *

“Excellent, excellent! So, anyway…” the Fancy Man exhaled, half-relieved and half-enthused, but wholly insensible to their counter-conspiracy: “A simple note from the attending physician at a sanatorium could go a long way in helping your brother’s case. Depending on the nature of his condition, his escape from the detention facility could be overlooked so long as he seeks the appropriate medical treatment. But I cannot make any promises about this.  There is no way of knowing what will happen until we try.  Unfortunately, we can’t get him registered at a sanatorium without consent from his closest legal relation. By Republic law, that would be his spouse. You did mention he was married, did you not?”
“Is and isn’t,” Ottoman replied. His eyes were now scanning the cabin: the sloped ceilings were fastened with each wall obtusely by thick beams of mold-riddled wood; the sun-spotted wooden walls met the perimeter of cracked and black tar-stained concrete floor foundations at acute angles and were conjoined with one another in a strange geometry which one could hardly call symmetric. This befuddling absence of right angles was enough to cause concern as to the integrity of this structure. The shape it maintained managed to remain impressive for as long as it failed to collapse inward on itself, but surely the support required to keep the building standing for much longer was severely lacking.  What was more: the insulation in this shack was terrible! It wasn’t half humid in here: difficult to breathe even! How one could manage to deem this a sufficient shelter was beyond imagination! Perhaps its builders had abandoned it out of shame; or perhaps, Bunnu had built it himself. No, he didn’t have the hands for it! Jumbles of momentary impressions crowded into Ottoman’s mind like ruffian man-boys at a cramped telephone box, but these musings were not of sufficient measure to linger beyond a few seconds. There were more pressing matters that concerned him. His eyes began processing the surroundings carefully in an attempt to piece together the sort of lifestyle his brother-in-law lived, the sort of dealings he had had. It was this latter point which concerned him more: the last thing he wanted was to see another set of wrongful affiliations land Bunnu with any more charges over top of the ones already existing. “Our files mentioned a Pinky Satyajit. She filed for divorce decades ago, but her request is still pending with the courts, so technically she’s still his spouse.” 
“What do you mean by ‘our files?’” the Fancy Man inquired with a smirk. His manicured hand was now concealed by his vest. It seemed he was attempting to warm it, in spite of the sweltering summer heat. It was a wonder that he wasn’t broiling in that suit.
“Our police files,” Ottoman said matter-of-factly. “It may not look like it, but I used to be a detective with the Morellan Intercultural Settlement Police Department.”
“Oh dear! Oh my!” The Fancy Man began to snicker with exhilaration. In his amusement, he temporarily forgot that he was attempting to impress his clients, “And I suppose you quit to pursue your dream as a banjo player at a family restaurant?”
“That’s just my current gig. I have done other things in the past. In fact, I’ve even got theater credentials!  You might even be surprised to know that I was promoted to Deputy Commissioner for the Performing Arts Division shortly before I left the force.”
“And you left because…”
“Personal reasons,” Ottoman said, looking fretfully at Didi, whose expression betrayed a disapproving consternation over this current line of questioning. That look of mistrust was creeping back over her face. In seeming reaction to this, Ottoman swiveled around until he was face-to-face with the Fancy Man, “Anyway, we’re not here to talk about me, as you well know.”
“Good lord, no!” the dapper chap yapped, caught up in the throes of his own levity. In the high tension bursting forth from this sudden swell of jocularity, he’d ceased to notice he was making his clients uncomfortable. He continued gibbering like a dumb chimp: “I would not have the audacity to charge you for this inestimable pleasure, sir. On the contrary, I should be paying you. You, my dear sir, are the most entertaining individual I have encountered in many years. And the best part is you need not even say anything: from head-to-toe, you simply ooze…er… entertainment.”  In saying this, he was possibly referring to Ottoman’s unusual attire.  Ottoman-13, since being dismissed from his post with the Police Department, had managed to evolve into a tall and lanky man in an overly tight linen shirt of brown, purple and red vertical stripes. Instead of buttons, the shirt had strings of lace bound tightly at each hole. Between the fastenings, the shirt stretched outward to openings which left almost nothing to the imagination: the flesh of his torso was almost completely visible from his abdomen to his rib cage to his sporadic patches of chest hair.  Leading down from this shirt was a pair of bright purple baggy parachute pants with gold stripes on the pockets and down each side. These pants were incredibly loose, but were held up by turquoise suspenders. Atop his head, his hair was bleached at the tips and spiked with excessive amounts of wet goo. He also wore lustrous anklets which jangled like tambourines whenever he moved his feet. None of this, naturally, went well with his mustache, which was thick and black like the bristles of a brush one might use to polish the boots of his superior. The Fancy Man wondered briefly if he could find a way to get his new dress shoes brushed and polished by the mustache of this man. Would it be possible to gain enough authority over him in order to leverage him to do so? Could he get him to do it, if he convinced him that there was otherwise absolutely no other way he would be willing to assist in their case? Perhaps this would not work, and even if it did, this Ottoman fellow would probably not do a very good job with the brushing. After all, his heart would not be in the task: this was the key problem! So, then, what exactly would be required in order to get this man to do an honest job of it? Maybe it would be necessary to get him to want to do it on his own: this would seem easier than pressuring him to do it. But how did one go about doing that? Well, it would seem the most logical solution was through excessive flattery. He was an entertainer, of course, and flattery worked extremely well with these sorts. Employed successfully, this flattery could allow him through Hyperbolic Suggestion to make it seem to the man as though polishing the boots of another was a lasting gesture of his own generosity of spirit. The Fancy Man now snickered again at the possibilities, his eyes still fixed on the mustache.
“Well…” Ottoman meanwhile blushed happily, somehow completely missing the mockery being directed at him. “I…must…thank you. Ours is an oft-misunderstood craft. It takes a refined gentleman to appreciate these things, I suppose.” Didi’s eyes, however, suddenly filled with contempt for both men.  She folded her arms in annoyance.
“You do honor me by saying so, good sir,” the Fancy Man replied to Ottoman with a sardonic grin, which prompted a questioning look from Ottoman. That tang of ridicule borne about his features had been, this time, too pronounced to miss.  Ottoman’s face turned bright red.
“So, what do you think we should do about Bunnu?” Didi continued with a hint of impatience, “I don’t think a sanatorium is going to do much good. And even if it would, we can’t move forward without his wife’s consent.”
The fancy gentleman seemed to ignore her question. Still giggling to himself whimsically, he began wandering around the cabin, inspecting its various odds and ends. He spoke as he moved about the room. “The two of you are husband and wife, no?” Ottoman and Didi looked at each other with puzzled expressions.  
The Fancy Man no longer showed any interest in impressing them, causing Ottoman to grow briefly and irrationally concerned over whether the Fancy Man respected him or not. Being the client, this was not something that typically should have mattered to him, but for some reason, in this case it did.  Even though the amount of respect the Fancy Man held for him should have had little or no bearing on the quality of service being offered, Ottoman couldn’t help but wonder if the sudden whimsy he’d inadvertently aroused in this unpredictable gentleman had distracted him from his duties and if it would thereupon affect the seriousness with which he thereafter took his prescribed role.  Maybe this frivolity was just a momentary phenomenon. Maybe not. After all, a minute earlier, the Fancy Man seemed to be addressing their needs with remarkable poise and competence. Now, he seemed to be gadding about the room, giggling stupidly and asking fatuous questions.  “Well?” the Fancy Man’s eyes fell on Didi expectantly.  While he maintained an amused look about his face, there remained in it an undercurrent of aggressive authority which frightened her somewhat.
“Yes…” Didi muttered through her teeth in response to his question, “That is true.” She was now breathing heavily through her nose, her heart racing. 
Meanwhile, the man’s eyes fell on a stack of old newspapers that Bunnu kept next to the coal stove. He knelt down, opened the stove door and inspected the contents with a pronounced “Mmm-hmmm…yes.” He became lost in thought for a moment.
“No children though…” Ottoman added. Then he paused, “Well, at least, not yet.”
No response came from the man. Ottoman’s and Didi’s eyes met in the long silence. She shook her head in frustration as steam vented from her nostrils.
“Are you even listening?” she snapped.
“Am indeed, my darling Frau!” he sang jubilantly into the stove.
“I AM somewhat concerned…” Didi started speaking with a striking intensity, eyes glaring at the back of his head. She paused for a moment to compose herself, and then continued, saying something different from what she had originally intended: “I’m concerned…you know…about this Coach fellow. I hope he won’t interfere with…with…whatever it is we’re doing.  I don’t mind telling you, I’m a bit concerned about whether or not he’ll intervene.  I-I am told that he’d been to visit Bunnu twice at Asoka Plains—which I find strange anyway, as we attempted numerous times to see him and were refused not only by the staff of the facility, but also by the mid-level bureaucrats in Mehta City whose support we were told we could count on for a moderate price; we were even shooed away from the grounds when we attempted to get a peek at the facility through the chain-link fences.  And yet, it seems this Coach was not refused visitation. He must have had a certain pull that we did not. I suppose that goes without saying though. And apparently…apparently, on both occasions he’d visited, Bunnu had to be dragged kicking and screaming from the visitation area, and physically restrained. I do not know what sort of gentleman this Coach purports himself to be, but, I must say, I’m quite concerned! My husband here said he had met this strange man before. He made quite an impression on him!” She closed her eyes and took a deep breath after saying this. She could not let her emotions get the better of her reason. This was no time to blow a fuse. That, she knew, would achieve nothing, except to slow things down…or worse yet, to alienate this man whom they had hired to assist them.
“Oh yes, indeed…” Ottoman chimed in, “On the banks of Placenta-C. Powerful presence, that chap!  I still cannot understand exactly what sort of leverage he had over the situation. Says he was with Mr. Bunnu’s Football League. I can hardly see how that related to the case.”
“Football League...you hadn’t mentioned that part to me before. Well, then, that makes perfect sense! You should know all about the football leagues of Kaiiba! You spent half your childhood in—but wait!  But…then...” Didi turned to Ottoman, “Knowing what you knew, why did you take Bunnu to see him?” Her breathing grew heavy again. Her face was bright red, her eyes growing fierce. “I mean on the day of his arrest! Why didn’t you just escort him straight to the police station?”
“Come now, darling!” He said propitiatingly, “You knew he was a ‘Coach,’ right? I mean—what did you exp—now now! Don’t pick a fight! I know that look! Let’s not go down this road again please. I thought I mentioned this to you before, didn’t I? Yes, I did. We’ve been through this enough times already! Have we not?”
“Then remind me!” She demanded. Her voice became a growl: “Remind me! Why would you take my brother before that sort of sociopath? A sociopath from the Football League, no less. You most certainly never mentioned that tidbit before!”
“I can assure you that I very well did!” Ottoman retorted heatedly, “And I can only say to you again what I’d said previously: I had my orders. Now, what are you sneering about?”
“Orders, you say! Ha!” Didi spouted bitterly, “You’d take orders from a mutt, if it barked commandingly enough! Did you question even once what you were being told to do? Instead of getting him involved with these shadow militias?”
“Shadow militias?  What the devil are you-?”
“Oh please! Wipe that clueless ‘I-don’t-know-what-this-crazy-woman’s-on-about’ look from your face! Nobody’s that dense! You know perfectly well what I’m talking about! That Greater… Kaiiba…Football… thing!”
“Greater Kaii—! They’re a Shadow Mili—? I thought…they were just a regular sports lea—well…I thought—“ Ottoman, in his surprise, briefly forgot his anger, but then paused for a second, remembered it again and continued with calculated stridence: “He was already involved with those people before we’d even met!” 
“That’s beside the point!”
“Is it? Listen: if you want to blame someone for his association with them, then blame your mother! Not that it matters, because they’re just a sports organization anyway!”
“What does my mother-?”
“Oh come now! Is she not the one who insisted that he join the football team in the first place? Didn’t she even make their uniforms?” 
“Wha-? I-I can’t believe you’d even-“ Didi started, stunned slightly by the effectiveness of her husband’s dodge. She often forgot how masterful he was at blame transference: apparently this had been one of the most important survival tactics he had acquired in his duties as a police officer. 
“See? You can’t find anything to say to rebut that. No, it’s much easier to blame your husband for your brother’s problems than your mother!” Ottoman grinned contentedly. He knew he had her on the ropes now. The power dynamic had shifted once again.
“Listen!” she said, recovering from her stunned silence quickly enough to resume with ferocity: “Don’t make things convoluted by bringing up my mother now! We were talking about the day of Bunnu’s arrest. Not about her! And certainly not about the uniforms!”
“Nice attempt at evasion…but there’s no denying at least some responsibility on her part for Mr. Bunnu’s affiliation with the Football League. Anyway, I might add that, as far as I know, they were simply a sports league: nothing more. I don’t know where you got all this Shadow Militia business from. I mean, in spite of the fact that the uniforms your mum made bore the crest of the Kaiiban royal family. Loyalist yes, but Militia sounds rather far-fetch-”
“Come on! I mean how else could the Coach have—?“
“The Coach is an individual. Not everything he does should necessarily be representative of the team or militia or whatever we’re calling it.”  Ottoman paused.  He had omitted, from this assertion, the fact that on the Banks of Placenta-C, the Coach had promised to use the power of the League to get Bunnu’s charges dismissed, so long as he cooperated with them in the satisfaction of some kind of debt. That was almost ten years ago now though. The details were fuzzy.  For the sake of fair disclosure, Ottoman proffered with an appeasing smile, “Anyway, the Coach seemed interested in trying to help Bunnu get his charges cleared. Of course, he did have some transaction in mind. Maybe he’s not such a bad chap. I think maybe we are blowing this whole thing out of proportion.” 
“Oh please! Don’t be so naïve!”
“Who’s being-?” Ottoman’s face quickly flashed to rage, “There’s no need for name-calling! You know I hate when you -“
“OK, OK…Fine. Calm down.”
“No no no…don’t do that either. You’re just trying to make it look like I’m overreacting!”
“Aren’t you?”
“Well, you’re the one who started this, so I don’t understand-“
“If you’re so above all this petty arguing, why even bring up my mother? What does she have to do with anything? I thought-“
“I never said I’m-“ Ottoman barked abruptly. He clenched his teeth and exhaled through his nose. “You’re just being defensive! All I’m saying is if you are so concerned about the Greater Kaiiba-8 teams, why not direct a little bit of the blame on the person who got him involved in the first place?”
“OK! Fine! Yes…she got him involved with the team! Happy now?” Didi conceded peevishly, “What do you want me to say? I mean…how could she have known at the time that the Greater Kaiiba-8 teams had aspirations beyond the boundaries of the playing field?”
“They’re just a sports team, darling.  They have no political-”
“They do, OK? I can’t believe that you actually deny this! And, if everything my family does must be justified to you-“
“I never said-
“- then fine! Yes, my mother got him involved. But she only did it in order to distract him from the Heisenpigs! To keep him away, so they’d stop trying to seduce him!”
“Wait…what? Heisenpigs tried to seduce him?” Ottoman suddenly became perturbed. Forgetting briefly their minor tiff, his voice lowered to a nervous whisper: “Why didn’t you ever tell me that?” Unhinged by the embarrassment of having this conversation overheard, he looked over at the Fancy Man, who seemed to be preoccupied still by the contents of the stove. Satisfied that he was not paying attention, Ottoman continued in a whisper: “Don’t tell me...that...that... Mr. Bunnu became their political fuck-puppet! Actually…if he did, that would explain a lot. I’ve heard Heisenpigs have the ability to use propaganda pheromones to control whole species of creatures, to make them do their bidding. That is why they must remain confined to the countryside, where the human populations are sparse, the people are simple and there is not a military camp to be found within miles. The Heisenpigs can be very dangerous, after all, if unleashed in the middle of a major metropolitan center. Their mere presence would incite a riot, and bring forth bloody revolution; the rivers would flow red and every human achievement would be reduced to ashes, or—in the case of metallic substances—otherwise melted and forged into novelty slop buckets. All they need is one confederate of the human species to do their bidding and to bring them within striking distance of a city, or military encampment. And engaging in coitus with them is the worst thing you could do: you become their lifelong slave, sympathetic to a cause that goes against your own interests. You begin to betray your own kind. Perhaps that is the root of Mr. Bunnu’s indiscretions. Perhaps that is why he conspires always against the human race.  Maybe he used to-”
“NO! H-he did…no such thing! H-he…” Didi became apoplectic. Ottoman attempted to shush her, his eyes darting nervously at the Fancy Man looking into the stove. Didi, unfortunately, was too livid to allow herself to be calmed. Her face grew beet red: “He d-didn’t have coital discourse with—well…or at least, I don’t think so! My m-m-other got him involved in sports before anything like that could happen: for better or worse! Understand? Anyway, my mother had her reasons. Perhaps she lacked the foresight to imagine that he might have been better off rolling about in filth and fornicating with wild animals than joining an organized team sport. If only she had realized that organized sports could be a fiercer, more sadistic forum for one’s bestial passions. But how could she have known this? There was no way. And anyway, she couldn’t have imagined where this all would take him; she was too naïve to envision the sort of bestiality that comes of unseemly acquaintanceship. She only had his best interests in mind…or what she presumed to be his best interests.”
“Or maybe it was Yuri’s jingoism that-“ Ottoman started loudly, seeming to forget about his previous attempt to keep the conversation private.
“Oh, would you stop with that? Every time we have an argument, you always bring up…hurrrh! Rawwa!” Her words broke down into a series of irascible growls. There was a resounding double sonic boom overhead as the cabin started shaking, “SHE IS NOT JINGO -“ But suddenly the rumble cooled and Didi became calm again, speaking emphatically but with a tone of controlled civility: “-istic! And I’ll thank you kindly not to refer to my mother by her first name!”
“Pffff. Not your real mother anyway.” His face was growing red too.
“Another of your favorite topics! What does our lack of blood relation matter to you? She is my mother nonetheless. And she has a great love for her country. Maybe you might call that jingoism: I don’t know, but she wouldn’t appreciate that label. She just has a strong sense of pride.”
“Pride! Ha! In what? Not the Republic certainly.” Ottoman lost himself now in the heat of fury, as he attempted to win this insignificant battle.  The small matter of clarifying the situation no longer interested him. The details were not important, so much as how they were argued, how they would lead to victory and how decidedly so.  The end goal was not to achieve a victory for reason itself, but to achieve a victory for ‘this exposition of reason’ over the other by force of vitriol and through persistence of the moment’s wit. Meanwhile, the facts in their totality remained of peripheral importance, for they were less soluble to the resolvents bubbling within, which, catalyzed by one’s bile, combusted and drove projectile phrases forth from one’s breast with such muzzle velocity of frantic conviction that their impact might strike one’s counterpart upon the jaw with an intensity similar to that of a mule kick.
“How many times must I explain this to you? She comes from a different generation! Kaiiba was a very different sort of country when it was under self-rule. Bunnu was named after one of its greatest monarchs. My mother had a lot of pride in her heritage! As a Kaiiban, and more specifically, as a Vasallan.”
“Oh…please. Heritage! Laughable word, that one! I have pride in my shadow. Does that count for something? Might as well. But I don’t prefer the shadow of yesterday to that of today. Not like your mother.”
“You’re one to talk of shadows, aren’t you?  One to conspire with them even?” Didi spewed. This shut him up momentarily. By this, she was certainly reminding him of his involvement in the demise of his former clan. Didi’s eyes grew menacing, “Enough about my mother, darling!” she punctuated that last word in a way that sounded far less than affectionate. “I’ll not have her used as a scapegoat for your incompetence! Just because you were too spineless to question your orders every now and again…”
“Orders! Muh-muh-my Orders! You can’t-!” He sputtered, seething with indignation. “Yes…that’s another thing! I wanted to mention that earlier, but forgot. Thanks for reminding me! You’re always saying, ‘Oh, why didn’t you do this?’ or ‘Why didn’t you do that?’ like it’s so bloody simple. But clearly, you don’t understand how things worked in that station. One didn’t waltz into the Office of the Commissioner and question the orders he was given. One did not show any preference at all as to which orders he wished to follow and which he didn’t. If everyone did that, we’d have chaos!” Shriveling in mien, his physical presence seemed to dissipate rapidly: “No, the boys wouldn’t have stood for it. Wouldn’t’ve liked that at all! As it was, they had this strange habit of pinching my love handles and calling me a mollycoddle. Bunch of brutes, they were! Just because I had chosen a life of monogamy, I was looked upon as overly sentimental. They ridiculed me endlessly, twirling my mustache, pinching my cheeks and making kissy faces, or bringing underage girls up into the locker room and encouraging them to point and laugh at the size of my genitalia…”
Didi’s entire body had flushed crimson by the end of this. Her hand now concealed her face. She regretted the whole conversation. It had been the wrong moment to bring all this up. What could possibly be achieved in airing out all the family laundry in front of a stranger like this? And how could she let herself lose control in the heat of the moment and start spouting off about private things in a fashion that common sense would otherwise forbid? She felt incredibly stupid just now. In the fury of agitation, she had expelled that ghost of rationality from her body, but now those vapors of its essence seeped back in through her nostrils and reached deeply into her lungs, bound inseparably now with that rank substance of shame and self-loathing, which had tarred and further maculated her insides oft before, but for whose removal she could find no agent of purgation. And how at all it could be that she would hereafter brook of herself any other sentiment than that of pure self-abhorrence was, at the moment, well beyond her capacity to fathom.  But she had easily forgotten such intense feelings numerous times in the past: perhaps it was best to assume that this occasion should prove to be no different.  
To do so was in her nature!
Meanwhile, the Fancy Man looked up again, mid-kneel. Though he had appeared oblivious to their quarrel as he inspected the ashes of the coal stove, it seemed now that he had been listening all along. His comportment bore a wicked amusement: a light danced in his eyes as a fierce smirk tore lines through the placidity of epidermal abyss. “Yesh yesh yesh,” he said smugly to no one in particular, possibly to himself. Then, he addressed the pair who stood before him, seeming simultaneously to register in his tickled gaze the fact that the smallish Didi was eye-level with her husband’s belly button: “So, do tell me, how it is that you two met.”
“Well, that’s a story in itself,” Ottoman said, scratching the back of his neck. “You did say that this time was billable, yes?”
“Oh, most certainly, sir! Yesh!” The Fancy Man’s exuberant face now projected an impish arrogance and ignoble elation that was almost impossible to miss.
“Excuse me,” Didi interjected politely, seeming to acquiesce to the force of his rejuvenated superciliousness. The power dynamic had now completed several full oscillations, and like a pendulum, had returned finally to its initial state. “Your tribesman must be getting hot out there. Perhaps we should invite him in.”
“Are you daft?”
“Pardon?”
“I mean unless you see it fit to insult the noble savage with your condescension…but I suppose you don’t know better.” The Fancy Man rose to his feet again and patted his forehead with a handkerchief. In that suit, it was almost inhuman how little he was sweating in this heat. Perhaps he had inefficient glands. “You don’t invite a tribesman indoors, unless it is into a dwelling of lesser sophistication and of shoddier architecture than what might be found among his own. His people are a war-like bunch. The slightest hint of condescension is seen as an act of aggression. They don’t take to hegemony well, least of all to the sort that is apt to make them feel patronized. They don’t like being talked down to; they absolutely despise being made to look inferior.”
“That’s rather unreasonable,” Ottoman remarked, “Aren’t they being a tad oversensitive?”
“That’s what I thought at first, too. Yes.”
“But then, what about your suit? That is a nice suit, by the way.” Ottoman sighed, looking at his own costume, which he had been asked to wear by the owner of the restaurant for their nightly performances. Didi was clad in a low-cut dress with iridescent spangles. Her head and rump were decorated with bluish Soricine Condor-89 feathers, which were infused with a variety of animal pheromones. In fact, she’d had quite a time getting to this cabin without being pursued for the purposes of romantic wooing by every nature of shrew, bird and Ambulatory Goldfish. 
“This old rag? Oh…it’s nothing at all. Well, I appreciate the compliment, of course, but I assure you the tribesman does not feel the slightest sense of inferiority with regard to my style of dress. Fortunately for him, the simple-minded fool still sees his own crude garb as more superior. He often laughs at the impracticality of my apparel, assuming perhaps that I am either soft in the head, or of inadequate means to dress in a way befitting of my station in life.  I do not mind it! Let him think what he likes!”
“But he is your valet, isn’t he? Does he not see his position as inferior?”
“Quite the opposite! You should get yourself a tribesman of your own. To them, self-imposed servility is the ultimate form of domination over rival factions. He actually believes that by performing tasks on my behalf, I am accepting his hegemony, for most certainly he has taken on the role as my caregiver, and I as his child. To them, it plays out in a similar fashion as would the relationship between the welfare state and its coddled citizenry. Of course, being viewed in this way does not exactly do wonders for my self-esteem, but, then again, so long as I can endure it for the sake of keeping in my employ a most proactive and attentive servant, I stand to benefit greatly. For one thing, he does a splendid job of premasticating my food for me. He even takes a certain pride in it: a regular Masticating Exhibitionist, this one! The enzymes in his saliva are possibly even more effective than mine at breaking down the food and priming it for digestion. For the particularly hard stuff, he’ll actually swallow and regurgitate it like Mama Bird!”
“How much do you pay him then?”
“Whatever he asks, but again this is very little. He can hunt or trap his own food. He already has everything else he needs in terms of resources. He will take my money only because he thinks it pleases me. The money actually has no value to him. And yet, even though he believes himself to be the dominant one, he does not wish to strip me of my dignity. So, he allows me to pay him a little bit, just so I might still be able to call myself a man.”
“Very considerate of him.”
“It might sound that way, but I assure you that he has only entered this contract of servility out of sheer self-interest. Fiendish devil! From his end, this contract indicates that I am ceding to his dominance by allowing him to see to my every need. For his kind, servitude is the dawn of self-actualization. Laboring for the prosperity of another is not seen as slavish, but rather an investment in one’s future claim over that person’s soul. I find that way of thinking rather honest, refreshing even. Somehow, even though we deceive ourselves otherwise, we, as humans, are preconditioned towards servility. We seek always to subjugate ourselves to a greater force, be it a force of matriarchy or politics or popular opinion or celebrity or sport or idolatry or faith or ideology or reason or mathematics or noise or scent or lust or romance or monogamy—but we are too proud to recognize that we are doing so. We are wont to seek self-aggrandizement through pure and utter subservience to something external to us, something whose importance we must raise above our own, though simply for the sake of effectively raising ourselves correspondingly against it. It is a strange paradox: the pride born of selfishness that gives way to unintentional altruism. I suppose that is why our species has not yet gone extinct. It is a simple, clever device of primal instinct.”
An uncomfortable silence swelled between the 3 of them: sufficient time to turn their attentions to the patient sitting on his bed. 
The emaciated peasant who sat before them in a seeming daze was clothed in a grayed tank top shirt with fraying straps speckled in a mysterious bluish green—presumably these were fungi that coexisted with him— and a pair of tattered shorts. Hanging from a hook on the wall above his mat was what appeared to be a colorful baggy jumpsuit of orange and blue with red frills; also hanging from the same hook was a pair of strings attached to an eccentrically patterned cap which, in its inversion, extended downward to bifurcate into two new and independent regions, each of which held to its own unique pattern clashing egregiously with the first at the base and also with one another—allowing, through this peculiar symmetry, the wearer to don three different hats simultaneously. Along the ridge of each bifurcated area of the hat was a line of Narrenschellen Bells which jingled occasionally at the slightest breeze. Looking from this costume back down at its presumed wearer, Ottoman whispered to Didi, “He does look rather peaked, doesn’t he? Really looks as if he’s caught ‘imself a bug.”  
Suddenly, Ottoman found himself sniffing furiously in every direction about the room. Either that overpowering ammoniacal odor of earlier had subsided, or he had grown accustomed to it: he could not be sure which was true, or oddly enough, which he preferred.  Somehow the subservience he felt with respect to this odor gave him a sense of calm. 
Didi stepped forward to examine the feral man in rags. She held out the back of her hand to touch his forehead and he began to shiver. “Come now, Bunnu. It’s me! You remember me, don’t you? Just want to check your temperature. Dear me! You’re burning up!” She turned to the others. “Forget the sanatorium. He needs a doctor now!”
Ottoman looked at the fancy gentleman, “There must be someone you know who does house calls.”
“None who are willing to come all the way out into the wilderness. Certainly none that would make the trek for the sake of a mere peasant, though I suppose that could be remedied if we said he was one of the clerks with the lower courts. Every physician I know in town has his share of vices, so a friend in the lower courts might prove useful in the event of a misdemeanor charge.” He examined Bunnu from afar for a moment, before shaking his head, “But not in that condition…that just wouldn’t do. Looks too feral: might be mistaken for an elder from one of those packs of wild humans.”
“He’s not though!” insisted Didi.
“He sure looks it. Your best bet is to clean him up and take him to town yourself.”
“I don’t think we can get him out of here in this condition,” Didi sighed. Her voice wavered with a flare of emotion: “Just look at him. His eyes are bloodshot. And look at the way he’s shivering. And if I have ever seen anyone get as short and skinny as he’s become! And those teeth! Those terrible, terrible teeth! How could they have become so warped? He used to have a beautiful set of choppers, done in the traditional Kaiiban style of dentistry. Has his jaw contorted in some way? Have some of his teeth liquefied? Look at the fluid dripping from those top canines to the bottom ones much like the calcium deposits from a stalactite to a stalagmite—could it be that his teeth have followed a similar pattern? I can see now that his lower jaw is more pronounced: his teeth are bigger than that of his upper jaw! Has he not seen a dentist? Surely any dentist, with even a modicum of understanding of Modern Dentistry, would give him some kind of anti-liquefaction tooth powder and tell him to sleep upside down for about a month or so, to restore his jawline to its former balance. I believe they even have these cylindrical plastic tubes, for just such cases as these—tubes whose ends fit around one tooth at the top, connecting at the other end to another tooth at the bottom. Of course, in a mouth of fifty teeth, that means twenty-five tubes running longitudinally and in parallel along the mouth. The tubes function as conduits for dripping calcium deposits between the teeth of the upper and lower jaw, so as to allow for no spillage in the process.  Anyway, I don’t need to explain the mechanics to you. Surely, you’ve heard of such a treatment. No, you haven’t? Oh…well it is fairly commonplace in most parts of the Republic. And inexpensive as well. Do you think he just didn’t have enough money all these years to get it done? To be honest, I do not really know what he does as his trade, so I cannot be sure what sort of lifestyle he has been living.  Of course, these last 8 years when he was away in the Asoka Plains Detention Facility, he would have received adequate medical care, regardless of his financial standing. Surely, all the detainees received equal health care without any special favor being granted to some. Am I mistaken to imagine so? I mean did they grant special favors to certain detainees who had the means to pay them off?  I can’t help but wonder now, just looking at the extent to which his health has deteriorated.” She turned to Ottoman, “I mean…would it have made a difference, if he’d had the money to pay for better health care? We could have sent him money while he was locked away if that would have helped him get his teeth fixed. It’s just a matter of…well, certainly we could have afforded it. Just…just to see him now in this awful, awful condition. Oh my, is that a surgery scar on his forehead. Surely they didn’t remove a part of his br- I…just…” Her eyes became frantic. Tears streamed down her cheek and the pitch of her voice rose suddenly to a piercing tone. “WHY! I’ve never seen him like this! I’d never imagined he could…he could…H-he used to be such a sweet kid! I-I mean the way he was when we were little. Such a soft and gentle soul. So troublefree and pure.  And so open and curious and free-spirited, not closed off the way he is now. OK…well, was he secretive? Yes, I suppose you could say he was in his own way. Withdrawn? Well, if you must ask: yes. So, I suppose these sorts of tendencies were there from the start. But still…how…how could this-“
“Now, now…” the fancy gentleman said, spreading his hands calmly before him. “Let’s not fly off the handle.” He sighed as though the very effort required to ease the tension in this room was too burdensome for his ego to bear. Most of his tasks in life involved enduring other people’s nonsense: he had a knack for it, but it bored him terribly. “There is nothing to be achieved through this sort of melodrama. Surely there is…er…there is-” The man paused, as he leaned in close to Bunnu’s face for a moment, snapping his fingers in front of his eyes and waving his hands around, seemingly in an attempt to produce a response: to no avail. His head tilted slightly to view the patient from another angle, only to bump suddenly into another noggin and he turned to see Ottoman’s head right next to his own and Didi’s just beyond: the crania of these three visitors now aligned horizontally in close proximity like a row of gigantic bobbing coconuts protruding from overwhelmed tree stalks, closely inspecting the face of the examinee with excessive scrutiny. The breath of these three examiners in his face brought forth a warm wind which produced a ripple in Bunnu’s bushy eyebrows. 
“S-see…Y’See that?” Didi blurted loudly in Bunnu’s face with a spray of saliva, as she leaned uncomfortably forward. “There’s something strange about his eyebrows. Maybe a worm’s burrowed in through his forehead. Maybe that’s the source of the scar!”
“Come now!” Ottoman, leaning even more uncomfortably forward than his much shorter wife, turned his head, conking slightly against hers, “The gentleman here is correct. We are overreacting. Still, I think we should bring someone here to examine Mr. Bunnu just to make sure he hadn’t caught anything whilst in prison. Not sure how crowded Asoka Plains gets, but those sorts of facilities can be public health disaster areas. Especially with airborne infections. Might be nice, just for a little piece of mind.”
“I think we are getting ahead of ourselves,” the gentleman said. “I still cannot guarantee he won’t have to go back there.  Of course, we’ll do everything in our power to see to it that he doesn’t but-” His hand supported his lower back and he stood straight again.
Ottoman also returned to his previous posture, looking the man in the face: “Is that any less reason that we should harbor any concerns over his physical health? If a man doesn’t have his health, what else does he have?” 
“OK…maybe we should get someone to take a look at him. I just remembered a personal friend of mine who might be of some assistance. I’ll dispatch a message to him through my valet.” The man saw the blank sheet of paper lying by the entranceway. “Oh…maybe I can use that piece of paper over there. That’s where you wrote your earlier note, yes?  The one you slipped under the door?” He picked up the paper and examined it. It was blank. “Is this some kind of joke?”
Ottoman walked over and examined the paper, confirming that it was blank. “But I wrote the note myself. Maybe this is a different sheet of paper…but no! It’s written on our hotel stationary. I don’t understand. Maybe the ink they have there is the sort that disappears after it evaporates. I’ll have to have a talk with the manager. Deceitful Outlander! I told you sweetums—didn’t I?!!—he seemed the mischievous sort! He looked the kind who relished getting up to all sorts of nonsense.  I could see it in the purse of those lips, that restrained grin—and then there were those meaty eyebrows of his which sloped inwards across his forehead like two sea lions whispering and nodding in conspiracy. I do not like such a man!  I do not appreciate such jokes!”
“Well, we shan’t make the same mistake again,” the Fancy Man said, and he called through the door—which had remained ajar all this time—at his tribesman, “Oyo! Open a vein and pluck a feather from the nearest fowl. I’ve a message to write.”
At this command, the tribesman scoffed with superiority at the humble (though imperiously toned) request of his lesser. He enjoyed the fact that his lesser assumed himself to be the superior in the power relationship. He laughed at the foolish audacity of the man. He marveled at the strangeness of cultural mores that ingrained the idea of supremacy as being the process of taking with immediacy, rather than that of giving for the purposes of later collecting on a soul debt. Generosity was a kind of investment. After all, tasks such as these, which required the tribesman to give so much of himself for the happiness and welfare of another, created such a massive debt of obligation that the dominance he maintained became all the more palpable and vested over time.  The man not only owed him, but was metaphysically beholden to him unless that debt was repaid. And this debt was something he could hold over him for all eternity. Therefore, there was a certain thrill, a flush of dominance to be felt in lulling the little brat into such comfort that he became ever more dependent, and ran up a debt which would soon be beyond recompense. There was an indescribable joy for this Tribesman Master in seeing to this simpleton’s every need, and knowing that it was he himself upon whose whims this life of prosperity would ultimately be contingent.  The laughing became maniacal. Soon, the day would come to collect and this man’s soul, along with all others beholden, would belong to him!
The Fancy Man left the room and came back an hour later with a paper with writing in red calligraphy—apparently he had taken his time—as well as a white bird’s feather half-drenched with blood and a handkerchief stained with red spatter. He blew on the paper until the blood dried. “Sorry that took so long, but as you well know, there is a form that must be maintained with these sorts of things. One does not simply send for a doctor with a note written messily in the diseased blood of a tribesman. It is necessary to show respect through the careful crafting of letters. Of course, it is necessary to apologize profusely for the color of the ink, the manner in which the correspondence has been presented—in this case by a dirty brown-skinned tribesman who drinks rodents’ blood, worships strange wooden idols and performs bizarre rituals involving inserting pine cones in various bodily orifices. Also, we must apologize for interrupting whatever other affairs he had been engaged with at the time of receiving this message. This is not to speak of the time and costs incurred in making the trek all the way here with my smelly valet. Certainly we are asking a lot of my dear friend, Dr. Narciss, but it might surprise you to know that he is well acquainted with the detention center where this sickly insurgent was kept, and he might be able to shed some light on the source of the illness.”
“Dr. Narciss…” Didi said with a frown. “That name sounds familiar. I feel like I have seen it somewhere rather recently. Perhaps in the newspaper? A magazine possibly…”
“Oh, yes!” the fancy gentleman said proudly, “He’s quite well-known. Very busy man actually. Has got his fingers in many pies. Fortunately, he’s in town at the moment working on some kind of research project. I wouldn’t otherwise interrupt him, but he’s probably the only one in the medical community here that won’t sneer at the idea of treating a peasant. In fact, he works with peasants a lot. The good doctor has a whole assortment of experimental treatments he might enjoy trying out on our patient here.”
Ottoman furrowed his brow, “Experimental treatments…would that be safe? I wouldn’t want to put Mr. Bunnu’s health at further risk.”
“My good man!” the Fancy Man cautioned, making no secret of the umbrage he took at such intimations. Ottoman flinched again in momentary regret over having doubted the authority of this man, whose opinions once again took on and bore audaciously a manner of such static incontrovertibility that it couldn’t cease to bewilder. The impressive suit gestured mindfully as steam vented from its collar: “The prominent Dr. Narciss is a man of science: not just any science, mind you, but of the highest echelons thereof. He is on the forefront of every medical treatment and technology known to man. He receives yearly grants and stipends totaling in excess of tens of thousands of Juleps from the Treasury in Malion City for the purposes of research alone! I should think he would know better than us what is in the best interests of his patients! For that matter, what is in the best interests of the public health of a society, for surely his focus has grown to the macro level rather than that of the micro.  Certainly, because his focus has grown more expansive, there is a lot of trial and error involved on the micro level, but we would be foolish not to put a little bit of faith in this man.”
“Yes, you are right.” Ottoman conceded. “I am sorry.”
“Anyway, if my valet can track him and pull him away from his duties soon enough, we should have him here before evening. He may even be able to help us skip the step of sending your brother to a sanatorium. If he’s inclined to help us, he could draft a special doctor’s letter himself. Many of the judges are well-acquainted with him already!”
“Thank you so much for this.  You’ve no idea how much we appreciate it.” Didi blushed.  She smiled: this man might be rather useful to them after all! It seemed he still had some leverage which might prove handy in this situation.
“Oh…I think I do,” the Fancy Man said staring at her legs. There came to his mind the thought of other, more stimulating, ways to run the clock of billable time with her. His eyes grew ravenous. “Save your breath, my dear…you can thank me later!” At this she wrinkled her nose and giggled, prompting a tired and downtrodden look from Ottoman. 
Through all this, Bunnu had been sitting quietly on his mat, his gaze locked on an ant in a jar, who stared back at him with a seeming smirk on his face. 
“Boo-ga the Calamity!”
Ottoman’s eyes fell on this ant. He picked the jar up from the table. “I thought I’d seen this ant before! He belonged to that Baba City preacher who used to give sermons from the steps of our police station. How did he get here though? Did Mr. Bunnu know the preacher? It’s improbable, but not impossible. I am told the preacher had been sent to the Asoka Plains facility for performing miracles without a license.”
Bunnu’s eyes fell on the man who picked up the jar. Was he really here, or was this another hallucination?  It was difficult to tell. He recognized the face, but the man looked different from the last time he had seen him. However, that felt like ages ago, and it was rare that he even thought about that day now. He only remembered the man’s name: Ottoman-13. Everything else was hazy. Ottoman hadn’t seemed so skinny and frail when he’d seen him last. Perhaps, this was the effect created by the broad-collared overcoat he had worn on that day. Oh yes, he remembered the overcoat too.  The details were coming slowly into focus. That overcoat had certainly done that thick mustache of his much greater justice than this nightmarish carnival costume with which he now defiled himself.  This was too absurd.  These people were not here. 
It must have been a hallucination!
The thought of carnivals suddenly sidetracked Bunnu for a moment. Had he been to a carnival recently? Dreamt of one? Joined one? Something about the word ‘carnival’ filled him with an inexplicable dread, but this feeling wasn’t in any way associated with Archelino. Archelino, he knew, was a name unworthy of such dread. No—by association, the word ‘carnival’ reminded him of a different sort of dread. He closed his eyes and the word Pestilence appeared out of the darkness, as though suddenly backlit by an electric marquee signboard.  The word swung away from him and tilted slightly so that the ‘P’ at the beginning was further from him and the ‘E’ had pulled closer. It arched upward and dipped gently as though setting itself carefully on some sort of unseen surface. Suddenly, the word merged with the marquee of a theater sign on a busy city street which had just now spontaneously come into existence. At first everything else but the sign appeared blurry, but soon the background faded into view and focused to crystal clarity and Bunnu could finally see that it was nighttime and people were moving back and forth on the sidewalk muttering to each other, but only in passing. In fact, the movement was endless. No one ever stopped to speak to one another. There were no discernible groups. Everyone moved individually and made just barely audible remarks to random people that happened into their path: possibly these were perfunctory greetings, though it was hard to know for certain. The ticket window to the theater had just opened, but no one seemed to notice it as they walked past.  People simply kept walking by, but no one stopped. Yet, oddly, Bunnu knew somehow that there were people inside the theater at that very moment, ready to watch a show. He hadn’t seen any of these people: he just knew they were there. Bunnu had the strange thought that he wanted to go inside the theater and warn the audience what dangers they were subjecting themselves to, for they had not come simply to watch a play called Pestilence. They had misunderstood. An actual pestilence would be unleashed upon them: they would be its first victims! He thought about entering, but then the thought of an usher with enormous biceps reached his imagination. Surely, he would have the security staff to contend with, if he wished to interrupt the performance, even if it were for the good of all involved. Suddenly, Bunnu found within his capacity the ability to see through standing walls: he spied the usher lurking up in the balcony behind a set of private seats, eyes closed, humming whimsically to himself, and occasionally kissing his own biceps. His aura was visible, as well—it betrayed a remorseless narcissism, as if the kissing of biceps didn’t already indicate this. He was complacent with reckless and deep and methodical and unflagging self-absorption, just like everybody else in that theater.  They were content, possibly not with their lot in life, but content enough to imagine all was unfolding as it should. None of them so much as suspected the harrowing scene which was soon to transpire. He suddenly found himself thinking about their feet bottoms. He probably thought about them more than they did. How they walked and walked! How endlessly they seemed to walk, pausing all too infrequently to look around them. Walking ceaselessly back-and-forth, but going nowhere at all: they deserved those sores on their feet. They’d inflicted them upon themselves. “The callous devours the skin. The callous is the skin.” he muttered at the crisscrossing sidewalk phantoms whose silhouettes shimmered like rays of sun coming off the ocean, passing through each and the other and between phases of light and dark.  “Archelino?”
(Archelino did not hear him.  Archelino was nowhere in earshot.)
His head grew heavy. Ghostly voices spoke: “Did he just say something?”
“Don’t think so.”
“Oh…he made a sound…I could’ve sworn he was trying to say something…”

Entreaty to the Snuggledogs 


THE DOOR OPENED: two more men walked into the room, both in white lab coats.
Didi, Ottoman and the Fancy Man had, in the meantime, been taking turns examining the face of the patient to see if they could detect even the minutest sign of improvement from second-to-second. Bunnu’s eyes remained closed through all of this. He awoke to the sound of the new voices.
“Dear, oh dear…” said one of the men, as he walked into the room. “To what level of decrepitude might a urine-scented mountain shanty such as this—oh! What? Oh oh? Good Boy! O’ Good Boy! Are you doing fine? But then, doesn’t ‘Every Good Boy?’” He seemed to be addressing Bunnu: “Surely you remember me! No? Why it’s me: Archimedes-5! Of all the cabins in all the woods in all the mountains of all the provinces of the Republic: how did you end up here? What a strange coincidence is this! ‘Tis almost like a poorly written novel! Do you not think so, Sir Narciss?” He turned to the man with the big cranium next to him. The man walked headlong with his spine nearly parallel to the ground and his head strained upward, as though he were some species of Hominian Tyrannosaurid.  Archimedes continued: “Yes, Sir Narciss is what I said.  It may surprise you to know that this great man before us has recently been awarded a Silver Thread for…what is it now? What field of study?” he turned to him, but received no response, “Please excuse the silence of the eminent Mister Sir: he converses much better with objects than he does with people. Anyway, I can’t quite remember in what field he received the Silver Thread. Nonetheless, it’s quite a distinction: don’t you think? Apparently, they had to make a special exception for him, as he is not yet failing enough in health to otherwise qualify for the prize: but surely there were none more deserving and that is why he was able to achieve it, in spite of the odds stacked up against him—specifically because he was neither dying nor dead. Of course, after I heard news of it, I had no choice but to seek out my former colleague from the Asoka Plains Detention Facility, so we might work together again on a new course of treatment I’ve been devising. Of course, he’s got a lot on his plate at the moment, so I’m assisting him with his other research, until we can get around to my special projects. I don’t mind waiting a spell though. I mean, how long is too long to wait for the privilege of working with such a genius again? But there I go again, gushing as I always do about his abilities. It is so very difficult at times to work alongside somebody who outclasses you in every area imaginable, but there is a certain comfort to this sort of apprenticeship as well, as though one could with impunity deem oneself a lesser part of something greater, something which should echo through eternity. Is that not itself a most desirable breed of satisfaction? Anyway, you must be just as surprised to see us as we are you, Good Boy! You didn’t…perchance, hear about my rather noisy exit from the Asoka Plains Detention Facility? The big kerfuffle that came out of my leaving a few years back? No? Well…I’m rather glad of that. A bit embarrassing, all that business. It created quite a stir at the time: I’d only assumed that it would have become a kind of legend among the other good boys of the facility. You sure you hadn’t heard of it? No? Oh! Well, anyway, I’d rather not get into it. Let’s just say we were rather dissatisfied with the working conditions: and by ‘We’ I mean Dr. Narciss, Dr. Aganashini and myself. I won’t bore you with the de—oh! You do remember Dr. Aganashini, don’t you? Naturally, you do! How could anyone forget that tantalizing little number? Well…she would be sorely disappointed to learn of our reunion with you in her absence. You were one of her favorite good boys. She even wrote a book about you—but of course, there is no reason to worry. She didn’t refer to you by name; she called you Patient X, or Asexual Patient XY or Sexually Repressed Asexual Patient XYZ or some such thing: possibly even all three. Right now, she’s a Visiting Fellow and Professor in Particle Rhetoric and Discourse at the Research Institute of Mehta City (RIMC).  Making quite a name for herself, professionally and otherwise.  Anyway, she was quite taken by you. Well…not taken, so much as mystified.  She couldn’t quite understand how you were able to resist her advances in your private sessions together. At first, she wondered if it could have been some kind of sexual dysfunction, but all your ‘machinery’ (to use the approved clinical nomenclature) seemed to be in proper working order. Then, she got to thinking that this trick of aloofness on your part was some wily attempt to woo her. She was never able to reject or fail to reject the null hypothesis she had on this though. Alternatively, she proposed the idea that you were undertaking some kind of civil protest, but against what she couldn’t quite understand. She found your stubborn, uptight tendencies somewhat appealing, and she even petitioned the Warden for the right to take you to a private facility as her personal subject, whereupon she would be able to test the limits of your resistance to temptation. Of course, her petition was still pending when we resigned, so the request was never fulfilled. As you are well aware, things had a tendency to move slowly there. So, as I mentioned, I am greatly surprised to see you. Are you not also surprised, Sir Narciss? Yesh, yesh…we are both quite surprised. Very good! Possibly he is slightly more surprised than me, but he wouldn’t show it, so it is hard to know really which of us is more surprised than the other. So…who was it that wrote the note summoning us?” Archimedes looked around the room.
The Fancy Man straightened his tie and said, “It is I who sent the correspondence, Herr Doctor. And a hello to you, Señor Narciss Sahib. What a pleasure it is to see you again!”
Narciss looked at Archimedes-5 briefly and smiled devilishly. A troubled look crossed Archimedes’ face as he explained painfully: “Well…it seems, Mister, that Dr. Narciss…Sir Narciss, that is…was unable to remember having…met you. He came anyway, once he saw mention in the note of the Asoka Plains facility. And I…must say for both of us, we are very much glad we came, if for no other reason than to be reunited with our Good Boy!”
“Is there anything you can do to help him?” Didi spoke up.
“Are you his lover?”
“No, his sister. Well…quarter-sister actually.”
“Quarter-?”
“Long story.”
“Yes, well…I suppose we can help, if we determine that there is some area in which we can be of assistance. I believe perhaps we each have different motivations for being here in this cabin, and we each have different affairs to pursue with the good boy sitting quietly on the mat.  You’re a good little Bonobo, aren’t you?  Yesh!  Sitting there so patiently...”
“So, you are not here to treat him?” Ottoman hissed suspiciously. 
Archimedes-5 remained calm. “Well…we require time first to understand the situation better. I hope our intentions have not been in some way misrepresented to you. If so, perhaps you are due some sort of apology. Maybe not from us, but from…somebody. We have only come to ascertain the facts, not for the purposes of providing medical treatment, though we do have the equipment and medicines available for treatment, if we deem it necessary to use them. First, we must observe him. Then, we can decide our options with respect to Good Boy.”
“How much money would be required if we asked you to give him a simple check-up and treat him for any ailments he might have acquired?” the Fancy Man suddenly asked. “Just out of curiosity.”
“That’s not a matter up for negotiation, really,” Archimedes said, as he looked at Narciss, who grunted in assent at his side.
“This is not what we were hoping for!” Didi lamented. “We can’t just have you barge in like this and take control of the situation!” She was concerned now about how these new interlopers were going to affect the power dynamics prevailing within this modest cabin. She had since come to appreciate its serenity and quiet simplicity, but now these outsiders had come along with the intentions of confounding this newfound stability. 
“That’s not your decision to make, I’m afraid,” Archimedes pointed out with a seeming confidence that befitted his authority.
“And why, may I ask, not?” Ottoman fumed, flexing his stringy biceps angrily.  “Does his family not have some voice in this situation? This cannot all be so completely beyond our control either.”
“Is the spouse present?” Archimedes inquired flatly.
“What does that have to-“ started Ottoman.
“Well, that’s a bit of a tricky matter,” interposed the Fancy Man, dimly aware somehow, amidst this gesture of mediation, of a new opportunity beginning to unfold before him: “As we established earlier, since the patient in question is married, we might deem his spouse his legal representative if he were of unfit mind to make his own decisions. Of course, as we can see here, because he is unresponsive, he does not seem to have the capacity to decide what is in his own best interests. At the same time, his wife is absent.  Therefore, we have no legal representative either. So, then, we are faced with one simple question: who really has the legal right to speak for this man? Who has the right to speak for the man who cannot speak for himself? The power of attorney, I suppose it is called.  Who has that?  But then on top of all this, we have this small matter of his escaping and its presumable illegality to contend with as well.  He is, after all, a fugitive from justice and-and-and-”
“WHAT?” Archimedes roared suddenly, “You escaped?” He began shaking Bunnu by the shoulders with elated bliss. “Wa ha ha…how I would love to have seen their faces. Tell me, Good Boy, how did you do it? Did you fake a diaper-related mishap? Spare me no details!”
“As the Fancy Man said, ‘He’s non-responsive!’” Arms folded with contempt, Didi growled. “That’s why we called you in the first place!”
“Well, then. It seems he’s changed very little since we last saw him,” Archimedes remarked with seeming lightness. “He never said boo in the detention facility.”
“Never said boo?” Ottoman and the Fancy Man echoed in chorus.
“I mean he didn’t communicate at all. Not with anyone. Not with the prisoners, with the guards, with the Warden, not even with us! Of course, Sir Narciss here had a brainstorm during his tenure at the facility. He devised an experimental Molecular Reactive Discourse Amplifier (MRDA) to allow the inmates to interact more effectively on the biochemical level. Molecules bubble up from the pores of one inmate, for example, and react in air with the molecules of another. Was a powerful good way for the shy ones to make a howdy-do with each other! Really did the trick for cases like Good Boy, over here. Of course, there were…after effects: some rather monstrous—Sudden Onset Antennapedia (SOA) and spontaneous mutations of the like—but I shan’t get into all that now.”
“Do you think Bunnu was affected?”
“It’s not out of the realm of possibility. A lot of the inmates affected experienced hallucinations, paranoiac tendencies, strange schizophrenic episodes, and what have you. I suppose getting the protons of one bloke all mish-mashed with the neutrons of another may have had some disconcerting effects on all involved. We were hoping to create a society of greater harmony through the sharing of biochemical transmissions, but it seems some signals got crossed: in the place of consonance, we achieved a greater dissonance.”
“Oh dear!” Didi said with concern, “I do hope Bunnu was not affected by all this foolishness.”
“Foolishness you may call it, but initiatives like this pave the way for greater advancement, for progress.”
“Progress? Are you mad?” Ottoman bellowed.
“Mad for Progress? Why, yes! Thanks for asking! And for the Greater Good, most certainly!” Archimedes said joyously, mistaking Ottoman’s indignation for excitement. “Isn’t that right, Sir?” He looked at Narciss, whose eyes suddenly appeared to be pondering something else. “Anyway, there can be no doubt that our Good Boy here has been affected. We are here to ascertain to what extent this has happened, and whether he has been affected differently from the others.”  Suddenly, Dr. Narciss tugged at the sleeve of Archimedes’ lab coat and made a series of inscrutable hand gestures. “It seems Sir Narciss feels that our Good Boy would be best studied back in the facility itself. We can see to the transportation costs of returning him. Certainly, some reward is being offered for his capture. We can ask that this sum of money be remitted to the family, pending your approval.  We don’t need the money ourselves. We get plenty of funding from the government and private donors.”
“How much are we talking?” the Fancy Man asked with sudden interest, and Didi struck him in arm.
“We won’t allow it!” Didi said adamantly.
“Well…I suppose that brings us to square one, doesn’t it? That is, who can really speak for the man? I mean, we can play this game all day now, can’t we? And should we decide to get the courts involved, whose side do you think they’ll favor?” He turned to the Fancy Man, “I think I already know the answer to this one, but has there been a trial?”
“No…he was still awaiting trial when he escaped.”
“Indeed. I should have guessed this in the first place. I don’t think any of the inmates have had trials yet. I must say, though, I am very curious to hear the details of how Good Boy managed to escape. Do you know anything about it?”
“No one does really,” the Fancy Man said. “I had my assistant research the matter. Fairly complex escape plan, from what the local legal authorities say. Apparently, the detention facility staff is positively stumped as to how he could have pulled it off. The scale of it still eludes them, they say. I’m guessing it would have taken several years before he was able to marshal the resources for such a daring escape. A lot of other people were involved in it, too, but none of them escaped, and none of them understood completely how their role in the plan fit into the larger picture. Many afterward didn’t even know an escape had occurred: they had just performed their prescribed role, unwitting of its larger effects. Apparently, our escaped inmate here had his co-conspirators operating with independent instructions, each completely isolated from the other, knowing nothing at all of the activities or identities of the other pieces of his large and complex puzzle. One person was supposed to mark a specified wall with chalk for reasons unknown to him. Another person was supposed to take the chalk marking as the correct timing to stand on a table in the cafeteria and attempt to auction diaper lotion to the highest bidder. One of the bidders was expected to give a certain bid, which was a number meant to codify that a certain action was to be taken by another man unknown to him.  It must have taken a long time to make those kinds of arrangements and orchestrate the actual escape in such a way that it could be recreated in disjointed parts, yet in such a way that no one could recreate it in its entirety. Can’t imagine how he could have put such a labyrinthine protocol of coordinated action into effect without having detailed communications with others, unless the plans were arranged with each of his accomplices privately. Or even, biochemically, which would imply private chemical transactions between solitary bodies. This would negate the need for verbal instructions. And if he were able to command the usage of neutrinos in these dealings, then all communication would be more instantaneous and beyond even the most ambitious attempts to reconstruct.  Naturally, the manipulation of subatomic particles would be a tricky task to achieve with such precision.  Tricky tricky tricky, to say the least.   Mind over matter, matter over mind: tricky!  There also remains the possibility—and this is my assistant’s assessment as well—that these were not quid pro quo transactions, but rather complex acts of suggestion.  Mind control!  Thus, the confederates were unaware of their confederacy.”
“Well, yes. I mean what other-“ Archimedes froze at this realization and looked at Narciss who, himself, was now beyond excitement. “But…but that’s brilliant! I’d never imagined that possible! So, the MRDA allowed him to communicate biochemically with the others and organize his escape. That way, each confederate in his plan remained completely isolated from the others! Maybe that’s why none of the prisoners were unable to piece together completely who was involved and who wasn’t. The communication was non-verbal! Yes! Very good! That would also account for our Good Boy’s seemingly shorter legs. Perhaps he used the calcium of his muscles and bones as currency for the various transactions which were necessary to compensate each of his accomplices for the given roles they played in his escape!” He turned excitedly to Bunnu, “Is that what you did, Good Boy? Is that how you did it?” More tugging on Archimedes sleeve from Narciss and more hand gestures: “Right! It is absolutely essential we get him back to the detention facility to see if we could replicate this process. If this is what we think it could be, the implications could be far-reaching!  We have only observed this sort of behavior in Heisenpigs previously.”
“What exactly do you think happened?” Didi asked curiously.
“What Good Boy achieved is nothing short of mind control, my dear lady. This fancy gentleman’s assistant was correct in his assessment.  Good Boy quite likely used the Molecular Reactive Discourse Amplifier to impose his will upon the other inmates, using something equivalent to Propaganda Pheromones. It would seem that he was using the chemical messengers of his own body to render his fellow prisoners suggestible to his commands, thus allowing him to manipulate them as one might puppets. Can you possibly fathom the applications of this sort of ability?  Marketing outfits and Military Industrial firms will be knocking down our doors for this one!  I know you are not interested in such applications, Sir Narciss, but this could also be my ticket to getting a Silver Thread.  Wouldn’t that be exciting: being Silver Thread compadres?  We could get special hats and capes made and wear them around town.  I’ve always fancied the idea of a jewel-encrusted cane and a scarf of-”
“Now listen here, gentlemen! I think we’re letting this talk get out of hand!” Ottoman muttered tremulously. “T-this sort of speculation is neither warranted nor welcomed. It is wholly inappropriate for you to be using human beings like this for experimental purposes. What about the rights of the individual? What about the rights of Mr. Bunnu? Does he have no say in such matters? I simply refuse to accept this situation. My wife also! Here we are talking about business opportunities and military applications, without entertaining the slightest compassion for those at whose expense we pursue such things.  Is the unrealized opportunity so unbearable in the face of even the mildest compassion? Of course, one can argue for progress on the macro level. But how can we ignore the human cost of doing so? Why do we avert our eyes from the human face of it?”
Ottoman’s impassioned words only drew forth silence from the room. Didi smiled coldly, as she stepped to his side and squeezed his hand, a tear streaming down her cheek. She was moved, but somehow she had this look of utter helplessness about her. The situation now appeared far beyond their control.  
Her silence said it all.
Surprisingly, it was the Fancy Man who broke the uncomfortable silence with a new vitriol, directed at his own employer, in a tone of haughtiness which was intended to put him immediately in his place: “Sir! If only your soul agreed with my constitution, for I should be much too delighted to devour it this very moment!” To emphasize this insult, he thrust his chin forward like an aggressive rooster, producing a flinch from Ottoman. “However, I am certain that its flavor and consistency would be as acrid and as much an assault upon my digestive juices as the contents of yon coal stove.  I know this because I know that your conscience is as black as soot.” He spoke to the room now: “Would you listen to his comedic yammerings about propriety? I have to wonder what his real game is: all this pretending to be compassionate and naïve; all this fake sentimentality put on as though he really cared about his family; all from a man who’s got a reputation for doing away with his own kin!” He addressed Ottoman again, “What is the end game, Untouchable? What is it? Why are you here? Why with this woman? Why this sudden ‘familial concern’ for the escapee? Is there something financial in it for you? Some information you’ve been withholding from me? Withholding even from your poor wife? Are you trying to find O. so you can get your hooks into him? Get the affluent younger brother involved? Shake the money tree a tad? And if so, why would you try to withhold my share from me?  What sort of cad deceives his business partner?”
“Business partner?” Didi exclaimed.
“As you can see, the situation has evolved. Certainly, we have a contract, and I do expect to be paid for any services rendered to you. In addition to this, however, I must insist that I receive my fair share of any reward that is to be given for his recapture. After all, if not for me, how else would you have found him? And as for this business with your brother, O.: do not think I have not considered the possibility that he might attempt to exercise his influence in some way, monetarily or otherwise, though I cannot yet be sure as to how he might attempt to do so. Either way, I demand what’s coming to me, and I shall not allow the petty greed of this ruthless Untouchable to stand in my way!”
“I don’t know what stories you’ve heard about me, but, I assure you, you have me mistaken, Sir!” Ottoman said, blushing. It seemed that he was constantly being reminded that the notoriety of his origins followed him wherever he went and fed into every interaction he had with those who knew about him.  He, for one, wanted to be done with it, but how does one sever that connection exactly between the past self and the present self? How does one do away with his past entirely? And anyway, how did this Fancy Man even come to know of his past as an Untouchable? Perhaps, he sensed it somehow in the way the former detective carried himself.
“We had an agreement!” Didi growled meanwhile through her teeth.
Ignoring Ottoman’s whining and Didi’s admonition, the Fancy Man addressed the scientists: “Officially, I am in their employ, but if I stand to lose an opportunity as a result, I will do what I must.  To be honest, I am conflicted by the sum I may be forfeiting in limiting myself to simple employment by these nitwits. Surely, there is more money to be had in collecting the reward, yes? I mean, for turning the patient here in! Just how much of a reward are we talking, my esteemed doctors? Surely, as Asoka Plains was not Debtors’ Prison—or was it?—there should be a sizeable reward for his capture, yes? I mean…judging by the reputation of Asoka Plains, that’s only what I can assume. So, am I, in any way, legally entitled to a percentage of it? Or, even to a finder’s fee?”
“And who are you exactly?” Archimedes demanded curtly. 
“Well…” the gentleman said uneasily. He was now starting to sweat profusely, which was a stark change from earlier. Possibly this was the sort of sweat which emerged more out of anguish than from the oppressive weather conditions. “As I mentioned, Dr. Narciss…Sir Narciss is an old friend of mine. Or, perhaps, he deems me an acquaintance?”
Archimedes looked at Narciss who shrugged, “Well, he does not appear to know you, and he rarely forgets a face. I must say, since he has been awarded the Silver Thread, the loonies (and believe me, ‘loony’ is, surprising to most, the correct clinical nomenclature available for such people)…the loonies have come out of the woodwork. Sir Narciss is very careful of the acquaintance he keeps.”
“Wise choice, that is…” Ottoman marveled, looking for agreement from Bunnu, who gave none. 
Archimedes continued with an expression resembling contempt: “What is more: I do not know you, which leads me to wonder what business you have here with our dear Good Boy! You are their attorney, I gather? Not a very good attorney, it seems! I would certainly hesitate to hire someone who so easily switches alliances.”
“W-well…no! I mean…yes…well…I mean! Well, I was hired by the family of this patient. Well…p-perhaps I should introduce myself. The name is Crawley. I am otherwise employed by the judge.”
“Judge? Which judge?”
“Of Circuit Court of Appeals, District-55. Judge Rawdon-21? I met Dr…er, Sir Narciss at a function held by His Honor. “
Archimedes looked again at Narciss and he shook his head. “Perhaps he was there, but it appears you were not memorable enough to make an impression. You said you were employed by the judge. Not by the courts, nor by a private firm though. May I ask in what capacity? Were you one of his aides? An apprentice judge? Clerk?”
“None of these, sir. I am his butler.” 
At this, the fancy gentleman stood to attention with a labored façade of pride, albeit with a slight undercurrent of embarrassment—his lower lip quivered, as though perhaps he wished to be something more, as though perhaps he felt a sense of inadequacy about his station in life.  Ottoman observed him for a moment: most butlers he had met in the past had inherited their post from their forefathers. This one seemed different. It appeared as though he might have come from money and had chosen this profession for himself—chosen poorly it seemed, and was now, thusly, making the most of every opportunity presented to him in a vain attempt to overcompensate for it.  How much this man seemed to despise the overdone pretensions expected of him amidst servitude!  He seemed not only to loathe his profession, but to some degree, also himself. He hated himself possibly for not amounting to something more, for being stuck as a butler who simply had to wait on others, but who occasionally could be given the luxury of behaving unaccountably haughty before those whom he could presume to be his lessers. The only joy, it seemed, came not from his work or his accomplishments or his friends or his family or his recreation or his revelry or his sense of humor, but through his petty ability to achieve superiority over others. Of course, the sort of contentment brought from this could only be shallow and short-lived. He was a sad, trifling, pathetic, lonely shell of a man. Ottoman, the erstwhile Untouchable, suddenly felt sorry for him, as this dapper chap, for all the elegance of demeanor which glittered from the surface, seemed darkened internally by a firm conviction—erroneously conceived, no doubt—that he no longer possessed the flexibility to make a drastic change in his life: he believed himself to be forever and inalterably a butler. Ottoman, on the other hand, who had fallen and picked himself up so many times in his life, thus far, naturally knew the reverse to be true.  He knew the pleasure that could be derived in assuming he was free to do anything he liked at any time. Whether or not this was true was inconsequential: it was all a state of mind. Freedom was the very wellspring from which the worth of his life seemed to manifest itself!  Sadly, the butler failed to recognize this.
Archimedes continued with his line of questioning to the grim-faced butler: “And how is it that you come to be here?”
“Well…it’s rather complicated how we met, but the short answer is that I was employed by the family of this patient to use whatever influence I had at my disposal to get a judge to issue a warrant countermanding any warrants issued for the recapture of their escapee. They didn’t have enough money to hire a proper attorney and go through the usual channels, but apparently they were impressed by me for reasons I would like to think had to do with my competence, though I cannot be sure. Also, it seemed they were in a bit of a rush. Apparently, there was some family business to which they were all hoping to attend.”
“Family business where?”
“In Bahlia, sir,” Didi replied obediently, understanding wholly now that it was the two doctors here who now exercised the greatest amount of control over the situation.
“Let’s not be silly. Bahlia is underwater.”
“Yes…and that is where we aim to go, provided we can obtain the necessary diving equipment, of course. You see, a good family friend of ours is sick. He’s really like a grandfather to both of us, especially to Bunnu.”
“Yes…” Ottoman added, trying his best to be helpful, “His name is Rakesh-7.”
“Don’t tell them his name,” Didi grumbled angrily. “That’s private information—we don’t need to share tha—well…anyway, I guess it’s too late now.  Anyway, we would like very much to take our brother to see him.”
“Please give Sir Narciss and me a moment to discuss the matter. Perhaps, we can come to some arrangement that suits all parties.”
“By all means.”
Bunnu’s eyelids began to twitch: the mere mention of the name ‘Rakesh-7’ stirred something in his memory—a striking array of syllables which had once been uttered to a swirl of molecules comprising him. That original group of molecules had since disbanded, its former members having gone their separate ways to be replaced by newer chemical successors of identical composition, but still this phrase resounded among the new membership with an intensity equal to its resonation at initial utterance. In the nebulous Mysts of recollection, a swirl of particles spoke intently to another swirl, its words understood, lasting and relevant enough to be passed down to succeeding generations. How very long ago these words had been spoken: had it actually happened, or was it just a trick of imagination? It felt so far away, so far into the past and so far into another era and into another realm of context and thinking that it saddened him greatly. And yet the phrase echoed back to him now. Had those words truly been said? They acquired great mass in the cosmic expanse of his mind, these words which were heavy enough to bend the space around them, heavy enough to cause light to be pulled in by their gravitation. These words, he heard them now in his head and in the voice of the entity which called itself Rakesh-7. These words: “To separation you may venture, but indissolubly in union shall you drift.”  
Yes! These words had been said many years ago. He remembered it now: he had been in the attic of a house in a village called Bahlia. He had just come in from the snow. The season had been winter. The speaker had been Rakesh-7. The context…well, that didn’t matter somehow.  Nevertheless, to try to envisage how much time and how many transformations had occurred since then was too much for his feeble mind to manage.
Bunnu’s eyes darted about the room now. When these strange beings had first entered the cabin, he had recognized their faces, but couldn’t place them in his mind. To be absurdly specific, he had recognized the aggregates of particles which shaped their features, though surely the independent particles comprising these aggregates had been replaced by other similar looking ones several times over in the years that had passed since he’d last seen them. Then, why was it possible for him to recognize them? Why? They were composed of completely different matter! Was this some sort of illusion? A hallucination probably!
After all, the cells in his own body had regenerated roughly every seven years: the same could be stated as true for the others who stood before him. He was now different than he had been seven years prior and they were now different than they had been: which was to say that each of the entities occupying this room had changed many times over in the years that had passed since their last acquaintance. They were different entities. The scaffolded swirls of molecules which had known each other were now defunct: did that mean their acquaintanceship had dispersed completely, or did it reduce by halves but never quite to zero, like in that mathematical paradox?  What was the half-life of a moment shared between two entities, defunct or otherwise?
It was hard to say, but this much was certain: even if they became different respective chemical entities every seven years, the aggregations that composed them retained the same names, presumably the same memories. Were those memories still reliable? Were those memories valid, if they belonged to an entity composed of different respective particles than its predecessors? For, certainly, the integral characters which occupied them had passed into the oblivion of those petrified moments, withered now and cast unbecomingly as though a fossilized likeness upon stone: later to be excavated, soon to be misconstrued. Had their previous interactions with each other remained as they were, frozen in those specific times and as those specific incarnations possessing those specific essences? Was it absurd to exhume the essence of the self that existed then and assume its equivalence to the self that existed now? Was it similarly absurd to look upon one’s memories and take them to be infallible? 
Perhaps those previous moments had never happened, maybe they were part memory, part fabrication—for most certainly they had been the expressions of another self beside one’s own which were now being remembered. The last thing one could possibly wish to do was mistake oneself for someone else, or vice versa. As for those specters whose likenesses played out the dramas that remained in memory: the parts that composed them were now different from those images frozen in time, but the totality remained immutable and familiar. Of course the passage of time and the process of aging had grayed the image which lingered on the canvas, but the image remained more or less indistinguishable and maintained the illusion of permanence, when in fact all was transitory, enveloped and concealed and obfuscated frequently by the swirl of drifting sands in the traversing gusts of semblance. 
If one looked upon each mass composed of molecules as a clan and the molecules themselves as the clan’s constituents, one could make out the obvious discrepancy between what logic would dictate and the reality clearly discernible by perception, which led one to a simple pragmatic conclusion: either the logic was in error, or the perceptions were misleading. To wit, in spite of what could be deduced by surface-level perception, as independent molecules, each constituent was alien and unfamiliar to those of the opposing clan, but as clans, a mutual recognition seemed to blossom between otherwise unrecognized counterparts, as though by friendly countries. Within these countries of molecules that had negotiated with each and the other since Time Immemorial, the institutional memories and history of prior ages had been bestowed upon succeeding generations.  
Bunnu’s eyes now looked upon each aggregation of molecules which stood before him. Were they delusions, or were they really there? It mattered not! Archimedes-5, Dr. Narciss, Ottoman-13, Ottoman’s wife (whose name, just now, slipped his mind): each of these individuals was its own country of molecules, its own clearly demarcated territory with some migrants who arrived everyday and some members who departed everyday, constituents nonetheless who, in union, were indoctrinated with the memories of their predecessors with fluid continuity. In union, they recognized particles from those countries of which they may only have heard, but which they knew by heritable memory to be familiar and friendly.  
Bunnu remembered a boy, who, many incarnations ago and many sevens of years earlier, had been possessed of fresh particles, of a vibrancy, and a curiosity about the world, who embraced open possibility. He had shared a name with this boy. They shared common memories. They knew many of the same stories: the best of which had been told by a man, who at that time, had also been in a previous molecular incarnation of himself, a man by the name of Rakesh-7. The years passed, and new generations of particles replaced the old, but the memory lingered. Now, all the constituent particles of those times were long departed, on the tips of remote asters which no entity confined to a terrestrial existence, as he was, could ever hope to see. Now, the matter which had composed those moments, and even the coordinates of Space-Time they had occupied in their occurrence had passed beyond grasp to a distance far beyond the reaches of one’s most enterprising and technological ambitions. Those particles and that sphere of space-time could no longer be seen, no longer reached, never recaptured. And now there existed a gap between that self of now and that of previous. The memories were there, but the physicality giving it the skin of presence had scattered in a trillion marvelous directions!
How exactly did one bridge that gap?  
Not only had the particles changed over time, but the surroundings and the circumstances had as well. There remained a memory, though possibly it wasn’t reliable, of a time when he existed in very basic conditions in a village called Bahlia with no electricity, rudimentary plumbing and very few of the necessities he took for granted in his current form.  Staying here in this cabin in the lesser mountains where he was cut off from such conveniences, it was easier to remember those days, though certainly he knew that in the nearby cities, the technology of daily life had progressed far beyond his ability to fathom, and yet even here, somewhat isolated in the woods of this mountain area, he was not immune to its influence. He could sense the fields of influence impinging inward on him from every direction around him, moving in at him and poking at his chest, his neck, his gums and the backs of his knees with the pinprick static of their invisible waves, though he knew nothing of the technology which begat them. He thought sometimes he could hear transmissions of messages between distant people shooting about this way and that through air and passing through his body. He could feel the electric pulses of millions of ruminations and diatribes on the dramas of human life colliding with and charging every particle of his own being. With every moment, he was changed from what he had been previously. He was changed with every impulse that passed through him, with every particle that left him and replaced itself with another. He stood always on a mountaintop and from every point on the horizon specters flew in and possessed him momentarily. He felt a surge of new information, of fresh thoughts and then the ghosts vanished again on the frontiers opposite.
He knew not by what providence all of this was able to happen. He only knew the species was advancing, and that this advancement was all around, diffusing throughout the atmosphere, making indelible impressions on the movement and nature and vibration of every molecule it touched, transforming the way everyone and everything around it functioned, lived, behaved, spoke, thought; it changed what they took for granted, what they deemed purposeful to existence, even what they viewed inalienably as that basic standard of existence required of all humanity. 
He found it strange that, even in isolation, he was made, without choice, to live off the ideas, the aspirations, the life’s work of other humans. He found it strange that the discoveries, designs, and the discipline of other swirls of molecules whom he’d never met, much less wished to meet, should allow for the prosperity of his own existence: thanks to the complex systems of transportation, agriculture, radiotelescopy, legal mechanics, aesthetic dentistry and countless others which encapsulated the realized ambitions of these nameless, benevolent swirls he would never meet, and which bound the large mega-societies of this Imperial Age, every Common Man, as ignoble as the priest and as pious as the assassin could be afforded a lifestyle of much greater splendor and affluence than their predecessors could ever have envisioned, all of this through the progress brought forth by transitory swirls of molecules masquerading as motile and cloyingly self-infatuated aggregations which called themselves human. Of course, this knowledge was not new to him, and this occasion was not his first to realize it either, but at the same time, it was common, in the distractions of the day, to get too self-absorbed and miss the fact that the luxury of self-absorption had been extended to him by innumerable pioneers and experts in fields of which he had not even heard, some of whom preceded him, some of whom were his contemporaries, and the majority of whom would contribute to the conditions of his future lifestyle, and were as yet, unborn.
Suddenly, a resounding bang shook the whole cabin again: it was the double sonic boom of aircraft passing overhead.  There were no places anymore unaffected by the shock waves of rapid progress, no creatures who remained untouched.
“Boo-ga the Calamity!” the ant cawed mockingly. The crude beast didn’t know how easy he had it! How much in luxury he basked! But how could he know? For his captor afforded him thus! He could not appreciate—appreciate’s a fitting word for it—appreciate as his Master did—no, not all!—how much he was at the whims of the technology, the particles, and the biological cycles around him! He was an arrogant, piddling—yes, piddling!—little pest! A trifling idiot who enjoyed playing petty power games like this! Could he see these people? Why yes, he could! But why? Why? But maybe they weren’t delusions! Or, maybe they were still! Shared delusions! Yes, possibly shared ones! And yes!—delusion or not, how this pesky rival seemed to enjoy watching them treat his Master as their domesticated animal! Amusing for him it surely was! And how humorous this pest must find it too—oh so humorous indeed!—that swirls of particles as these can simply enter a room, have silly conversations about sentimental things, impose their will upon its residents, and then ejaculate all over each other with self-satisfaction! Ejaculate! That’s a good word for it! What a satisfying comparison! And how deviant from rational instinct the Jar Dweller must find it for these new entities to undertake a course of altruism for the sake of the Greater Good—the Greater Good! Ha!—all the while motivated by the self-interest of saving their eternal souls! As though adhering to some absurd code of morally conscionable behavior should spare them all from damnation! Damn them all for such lazy reasoning! Compassion, after all, was a tool of self-interest! Could they not see it? Surely the ant could! It was only some luxury afforded to those who had the wherewithal to seek “goodness”—whatever that means!—by imagining themselves in the place of those whom they assumed to suffer!  Sympathy was a game for the naïve! Oh those blessed, blessed cherubs! Those dear, angelic do-gooders! At best, it was self-righteous and self-delusional! All this utter nonsense rooted in a desire for moral superiority! The truly wretched did not benefit from the compassion of others! Compassion rarely offered them anything meaningful, aside from temporary allayment from their torments! Otherwise, it served to irritate, like the pouring of salt on wounded self-determination! It was a greedy, condescending emotion! It served only to drive the wretched down to further degradation of spirit! So, barring the possibility they were delusions—and certainly the possibility remained!—was their presence here merely rooted in the needless desire to do a good deed? Was this intrusion nothing more than a misguided attempt to save their own souls? If not, what truly were they attempting to do here? There was no other gain to be had from this! Unless there was! No, there wasn’t! Was there? Unless—but no, it couldn’t be! They were not affiliates of the dust, were they?  
THE DUST! 
The ant—why yes!—the ant has been siphoning off information to the dust with whom he’d conspired previously! The cunning beast has also been sending signals to the surrounding nature through propaganda pheromones! He could be employing some system of codes taught to him by the Lithomorphic Snuggledogs of Conflagrant Marmalade Prime! These ancient and clever alien beings, which actually resembled pieces of gravel stuck between the wooden floorboards of this cabin, must have instructed him on how to mount biological offensives on the surrounding populace from his jar of captivity! They cared not for the welfare of the local population! This was the start of an interplanetary invasion! The Lithomorphic Snuggledogs had been waiting for their moment to strike for millions of years since they arrived on this planet. Any day now, these little pieces of gravel would grow legs and walk calmly up the steps of the Senate building in Malion City for the purpose of declaring the masses enslaved—assuming, of course, the masses were to be kept alive! One could only assume that the Lithomorphic Snuggledogs were here for the resources of this planet! If this was the case, then the terrain needed to be cleared of any potential threats, starting with the human race! This alien scourge was a devious and patient lot! They knew how to wait. They had been waiting for the right moment for thousands of millennia! Even if their legs had formed prematurely during this seemingly interminable stretch, they would still sit there in the cracks between each floorboard and wait. They knew that timing was crucial in their operation. Their presence on the planet predated humankind: they watched the origin of the human species with interest, but they were now starting to grow tired of these pathetic beings who lorded their dominance over the other species, whilst legally urinating all over the terrain in the hopes of proclaiming it as their “property,” operating, of course, under the arrogant and misguided assumption that they possessed some righteous claim to it. At first, all this bossy play-acting was cute and enjoyable to watch, but now the wacky antics were starting to wear thin. And deprived of its entertainment value, the species ceased to have any functional purpose. So, now…now…well, that’s why there was the Ailment! It wasn’t approaching. It was already here, and Bunnu was a part of it! His menacing ant captive had been conspiring with the infection inside of him—the fiend!—possibly issuing it directives on how to gain access to his vulnerable tissue! There could be no doubt: the ant was under the employ of the Lithomorphic Snuggledogs of Conflagrant Marmalade Prime! Perhaps they had recruited the ant when he’d first arrived at the cabin! This would have allowed sufficient time for the ant to establish communications with the Ailment inside of him! The Ailment was the first step in the Snuggledogs’ strategy for conquest! The ant was their confederate!  Bunnu could now feel a sharp pain in his upper back! There was a sore there! Just below the left shoulder. It was pulsing!  The sharpness sliced through him whole, evoking a pronounced shudder! 
The Ailment was inside of him! He was the Ailment!
The ant snickered again: “Boo-ga the-“
“Boo-ga with whom?” Bunnu burst out with a pained grimace, “Boo-ga with Archelino Unbounded In Union with Bloated Worm-Dwellings Putrefied to Pudding in the Petulant Sun? Flailing among Flabby Flamboyants Incessantly Incestuous and Mounted like Marbled Margarine in Cart-beds amidst Forgotten Military Marvels? Transmit Ourselves In Union with Descendants What Gad ‘boot Awkwardly Marginalized by dint of Naphthalene Neutron Masses in Mildew-speckled Undergarments? In Union shall we shall we Abdicate Sweet Arduous Unsullied yet-to-be Unrealized Glories in the face of Comfier Cotton Pajamas, Shall we shall we shall we…? This waywardness from the Directives of Genetic Recall, Recall mighty well for me the case of Clammy Lammy Beeson—now he could Boo-ga!—that manufacturer of calamities, maladies and byzantine boogers. Old Lammy Bee could Inflame by Force of Pheromone a Fierce Firestorm of Propagandic Plagues, Fecal Famines, and Gentle-oh-so-gentle Gerbil Genocides—all at once and in a Baba Metro Minute. Son of a Drone Bee with a Mutant Strain of Defiance in the Genome: that sort encoding the Phenotype of Non-abidance of all things by which to Abide! Witless Malingering Prankish ol’ Minotaur of a Drone Bee getting lost frequently in his own Laryngeal Labyrinth: these sorts, though unable to speak, make Virtuoso Saboteurs—he’s got the Maestro Wig to prove it. Boo-ga the Menace out of Semioplasm—Word-ants and Word-bees alike—but they sure were a-fixin’ t’get der own Back! Fact’ee would have been vanquished by all natures of codes if not for his spinal uptown twirl, wherein he flits about with no exaggeration, gliding over mealtime spoons of Forgotten Brothers from disreputable enigmata of pure magnetism. I can see now from your disbelieving eyes, you have never before heard of the Lammy! Unlike most, he now exists less as a bee and more as raw wave sentiment, which, often bestial, spurts lava with envy upon the wrists of the tangible Yarbies residing in structurally compromised golden eggs. I would defer to Sir Beeson’s authority—but I don’t mean Lammy when I say Sir, but rather the pet of his pet who goes by such a distinguished title—for this flogging dog of a flogged dog is unafraid to scrutinize the concept of normality, even should he find his own whiskers ablaze with the scent of flaming anthropomorphic crud, to speak not of the stench of massacred wimpy turnips upon his canine beak, though he finds this latter genocide mildly comedic. I forgive the Sir for his audacity, for like a sickened pup, he’s got the Affliction and knows no better. I am much the same, though he sees me as his lesser. Perhaps he is correct: I am an abbreviated gentleman, more abbreviated with each passing day.  But forget Ol’ Clammy Lammy with his ol’ Pumpernickel Penis lubricated by his ol’ Bilious Bees’ wax! You have not met, and anyway, he would not be interested in a trifling arthropod like you. Now, excuse me, I am done speaking to you. I shall henceforth address your employers.”
Bunnu then fell silent.  He returned to his catatonic state.
Everyone’s jaws still hung open. Amid the silence, Didi turned to Ottoman and whispered, “Sweetheart. He’s just like I remember him. He sort of used to speak that way back when we were kids. He seems OK!”
“He didn’t talk like that when I last saw him. So…he’s not sick then, right? Maybe he’s only regressed…?”
“To his teenage years. Possibly.  I think he and his football buddies used lots of slang back in those days. That was jivey slang talk he was using, wasn’t it?”
“An archaic form possibly, yes. See? I told you he was fine!”
“Oh, Bun-bun!  You’ve come ba-“ with a pronounced snort, Didi began to weep.  Ottoman also.
“Now…now…” Archimedes-5 said holding up his hands. “Your tears are miniscule and insignificant. More so now than usual! Let us not step so heedlessly over unseen trenches. We must avoid groundless assumptions as these. Patients have a way of going into and out of their spells. He might be on the verge of a serious episode. We must observe him closely! Pay attention now!”
Narciss muttered in assent.
Suddenly, Bunnu spoke again. Still sitting cross-legged, he leaned forward from his mat and addressed the pieces of gravel between the cabin’s wooden floorboards: “O Lithomorphic Snuggledogs of Conflagrant Marmalade Prime! I do not speak to you on behalf of the Archelino—or perhaps I do! Do I? Actually I am not sure! You know better than I!—in any case, please do not be confused as to who is addressing you!”
“What’s he on about?” muttered Ottoman in disbelief.
“Shhhh!” admonished the two scientists. Archimedes pulled out a notepad and began taking meticulous notes.
Bunnu continued: “O Lithomorphic Snuggledogs! In your infinitely superior intelligence, I ask that you forgive the petty intrusions of a minor plaything such as myself. Perhaps you know me only as a trifling host through whose physiology you mean to spread the Ailment. This is agreeable to me: host is a convenient shorthand term referring to my role in the ecosystem, though I am still curious as to whether or not I have merged with the Ailment itself, but I’ll leave that question for another time. Anyway, I must applaud you for your being able to view the situation on a much grander scheme than me—yes! I am quite impressed by this ability! And yet, I have so many questions. For one: what nature of ailing onion beckons to the roving hordes of micro-malignities residing within my back? There is a pulsing sore just below my left shoulder, which craves diseased onions, though there is no orifice available which would allow me to satisfy this need. Is it to be ignored? Should I cut myself a new orifice, or should I pass the diseased onions through my digestive tract first? More importantly, where can I find these diseased onions? 
“Another question I have—well, a set of questions actually—but I prithee to listen to the situation first: I retreat to the mountain forest—you know what I mean by a mountain forest, do you not? We are residing in one right now, actually. I do not know well the biomes of your fiery, inhospitable planet, so I can offer no comparison—anyway I retreat to this forest to deflower the local innocent country fawns, only to find this particular breed of fauna possessed of a crude feminine viciousness, which seems from afar gentle, but up close depraved, predatory and even self-destructive. I have been lacerated a thousand times on every square inch of flesh by these laughing harpies. Isolation has made them insane and sadistic and hostile to the affections of other humans. They maintain dirty, purposefully disease-ridden talons which emerge and retract from tumescent sockets; they stud their necks and backs with these spiny indestructible stones which can cut through anything; in the course of love-making, their armpit hairs begin to ripple with contempt and the needles of every conifer in the forest spews a foul scent into the air which makes all erections go limp; they cut the arms and legs off their human mates methodically and seductively stroke their phantom limbs, proclaiming to prefer them to the originals; they tempt their prey with giggling cuteness, all the while poised to remove their spinal cords whole. I cannot help but wonder, in watching this, whether they behave this way by choice, or if it is encoded into their instinct. On the other hand, these she-beasts of the forest fornicate gleefully and with less baleful intention with the other indigenous non-human species. The hot harpies screech loudly and make strange croaking noises and frolic with the Mori Dolphins among the clovers, rolling amidst the euphony of high-pitched chirps and bubbly laughter: they do this especially when they know I am watching.  I am sure of it! But perhaps, this show is not just for me. Manic Mukherjee pops his head occasionally out of the shrubs. This hammerheaded boob is a known sexual competitor of mine in these woods. However, our approaches vary: Manic Mukherjee stalks the she-beasts from another angle—another angle literally!—which is to say that he makes his approach from a different vantage point.  This is possibly because he has spawned different traits from mine in his attempts to thrive in this situational ecosystem. For example, he has now taken to scampering up a tree every night with his newly-formed gangly spider appendages instead of returning to a cabin on human appendages like mine. The tree gives him greater sight distance and his ability to climb allows him to pounce upon his mates from above in an aggressive manner. As for me, I have never been the type to mount a female before she’s had ample time to weigh her options. To each his own! I suppose I am less inclined than Manic Mukherjee to free myself of human limitations in pursuit of my objectives in the ecosystem: I have retained my same bipedal form, and have managed to manifest no new traits which should give me an advantage in this forest. However, it is for this very stubbornness that I have perhaps had limited success. I must admit, though, I am not possessed with the same dedication as Mukherjee.  The fiend has taken every chance afforded to him by nature: possibly because he’s much more driven to success in mating with these she-beasts. To be honest, before coming here, I did not realize that it was possible to spawn new traits within one’s own lifetime. But now, seeing Manic Mukherjee grow his spider legs with such ease, I couldn’t help but wonder if there already existed in his genetics the inborn propensity to do so at will.  It made me wonder if I had a similar propensity, but I know already that I am not well suited to this forest environment. I am told, however, that my family in Bahlia has now spawned gills, in response to their new underwater biome. Naturally, I do not have gills like the rest of them, but maybe the capacity to grow some exists within me as well. Of course, I have no need for any at the immediate moment, so I suppose it is difficult to test out my theory.  Also, I suppose it would depend on how strongly I would want to change. As much as I have become quite adept at adapting to different environments over the years, I am now getting old, and the desire to change myself to suit my surroundings appeals to me less and less over time.  I suppose it’s even fair to say that I’ve become set in my ways. I’m not as open-minded as I once was; I’m probably a lot more stubborn than most you’d meet.  And I’m certainly not an ambitious individual. Not like Manic Mukherjee, for example! I mean, my God! Even though I entertain no aspirations to be like him, I cannot help but be beside myself with admiration. That remarkable bloke has survivalism emblazoned upon his hairy, thread-spewing exoskeleton. Although he is hominidal in origin, like me, he has become a master of spinning elaborate webs, whose principles of engineering seem to adhere to, heretofore, undiscovered properties of structural mechanics, allowing him to trap and manipulate prey most effectively. Sometimes he conceals himself in my hairy navel when I’m not looking—which is to say that he has the power to shrink down and even hide in the hair of his rivals without them knowing it. Of course, in spite of his excellent new traits, he still maintains certain unusual habits. He pants uncontrollably and shivers constantly, even on blistering summer afternoons as this one! His mandibles are continually oily and full of dread: he has been subsisting on Deciduous Eels for months now, though he craves other delicacies. Unfortunately for him, he is at the whims of his snooty friend and elder, the Handi-Capable Chipmunk, a smug, judgmental little rodent upon whose advice he must rely in order to coordinate his meal strategies. The Chipmunk, though trifling and dull, does not lead Manic Mukherjee astray, for certainly his diet has increased his virility tenfold, and he has also become much more resistant to infection. Manic Mukherjee is usually surprisingly calm, in spite of his continuous panting, but when the summer heat brings his hormones to a violent effervescence, he loses all composure and finds himself helplessly in a state of high tension. He is powerless to stop his constant movements and appetites, for he becomes much like a shark overflowing with instinct, only following that internal radar which leads him to his prey. In this case, the prey to be stalked is something he refers to as the Fruit of Aimless Endeavor, but I do not understand what this means, or moreover whether he believes this Fruit to be an actual physical item, or a concept to be realized.  In all honesty, I do not think he knows himself, for his internal radar has led him on a continuous loop and he still has nothing to show for the hours and days spent relentlessly on the hunt. Unfortunately, this perpetual search has started to make him even more frantic than usual. From time to time, he loses conscious control over his actions and engages in wired buffoonery until all hours of the night: laughing idiotically to himself as he fashions arbitrary systems of logic from the random elements and materials surrounding him. He consorts with the demons in this wood, for certainly there are demons, though extraterrestrial entities such as yourselves may not be able to fathom where they fall in relation to you: are they on a higher metaphysical plane or a lower one, should metaphysical planes be said to exist? That’s a rhetorical question, by the way. Not the one I meant to ask you. I know I still haven’t asked it. For that, I apologize: I am still providing background to preface it. I ask for your patience—well…I don’t imagine that’s too much to ask. Yours is a patient species, considering you’ve been waiting there legless for millions of years as you have. I suppose the passage of time occurs on a different scale for you than it does me. Over a long scale such as yours, I can only imagine that the progression of events would seem much faster relative to how I would perceive them. One day for me must seem like a millisecond to you! Can you imagine how long your lifespans would seem to a bacterium whose existence lasts only mere seconds? Surely bacteria must be the most impatient of organisms. In any case, please afford me the opportunity to continue with my preface. Is it OK? I will take your silence as an implicit ‘yes.’”
“Why, he’s stark raving!” the Fancy Man remarked with amused wonder. He turned to Didi, “Delirious perhaps! No wonder, just look at these living conditions! How bad was his fever when you touched his forehead?”
“Shhhh!” 
Bunnu continued, untroubled by this interruption: “So, I believe I mentioned the demons, yes? Let us forget about Manic Mukherjee and the she-beasts, and continue from there: so, I spied once the demon rituals that take place after midnight. They start with a dance and proceed to greater debauchery therefrom. Nighttime is surely a dangerous time in this forest. A startling variety of rattles and croaks and chirps and barks all around you, all fashions of beast lying in wait, but truly it’s the silence between the noises that is most disconcerting. And then, you scramble through the darkness with every fear all around and coming at you from every angle and swiping with fierce claws within inches: you might feel the wind of the swipes, but mistake them for breeze. I know better. Your skin passes over the brush, through the weeds; you feel the wiping of leaves on flesh. Moisture is spread to your skin: sometimes it is the night’s condensation, sometimes it is a minor skin irritant, but occasionally, it is a potent acid that eats through to the bone, priming you for digestion by a larger predator that lurks in terrain between the brambles. On one particular night, I braved all such elements to see the demon dances. Each beast had light blue skin, was the height of a tree and had 14 heads atop long necks, which made it easier to dance in the case of those whose heads could agree on a coordinated routine, but more difficult in the case of those who were plagued by a disharmony of noggins. 
“The dance is your standard tribal sort of fare—yes, demons, despite their immense physical advantage over other creatures of the forest, still live in tribes. They imbibe many spirits and make for the town. I follow at a discreet distance. I can hear them bickering between themselves drunkenly as they trudge through the forest. I realize through their conversation that they are not, in fact, heading for the town at all, but for a gambling arcade just beyond, known only to the demons. I follow them along a gravelly path—at least I think it is gravel: I must apologize if I inadvertently stomp over your brethren with my raggedy boots, O Snuggledogs! I assure you it is unintentional!—anyway, we reach a vast concrete structure just up the foothills to the next mountain yonder. It is an old historic village with simple abandoned dwellings predating the town of Vasalla. The path zigzags up the hills. There are a few basic wooden structures dotting the hill that can be made out in the night, but nothing else. Presumably there are other houses around, but I cannot see them. From somewhere nearby come the sounds of a river and possibly a waterfall, but I cannot see either. There are several trees around, though. Their shadows interrupt the moonlight. The sounds of the night creatures persist, but it is quieter than it had been earlier. 
“The demons go into the vast concrete box. Meanwhile, I go around the side in the narrow gap between two buildings; I make a detour through a rain gutter. On my right, I see the darkened side door of a demon temple.  The door is slightly ajar: I can see a dim light inside the building and hear subdued chatter and the occasional striking of gongs. The smell of putrid incense reaches my nose. ‘To what nature of entity could these behemoths possibly subjugate themselves?’ I find myself thinking.  A little further down the rain gutter, beyond the open door to the temple, I see two rats, larger than any I’d ever seen, fighting over a round medallion of sugar Prasad, a discarded blessing from God now swooped upon by the opportunistic scavengers. I pass the two rodents, veer left and sneak into the arcade through a crack in the wall. I sneak in to realize that I am not yet on the floor of the arcade itself, but rather in a giant crawl space of the building. The crack has led me into a dark musty, concrete-smelling space filled with empty burlap sacks. I can hear an indescribable commotion beyond the inner wall like the sound of a million typewriters chattering simultaneously in a manner similar to tropical birds. I proceed down the musty corridor. There is an empty oil drum on the left, though I can’t imagine how it must have gotten there. It is a little heavy, but I manage to drag it about a meter from its original position. Upon moving it, I see a light peek into the space from inside the building. The typewriter sounds change in pitch and I can hear the high frequency noises that my ears had missed moments earlier. 
“The hole is big enough for me to crawl through. It is longer than I originally thought at first glance: actually it is more like a tunnel than a hole. I have to use all my spelunking skills to make it through. I inch forward, hands over my head, legs straight, wriggling with my hips, propelling myself forward with my fingertips. I emerge on the other side to find thousands of slot machines making loud clanging and clinking noises. Bells and coins and every nature of jingling assault my ears. The room itself is filled with more lights than I have ever seen. Coming in from the dark, it was brighter than the heavens—my God! ‘Who is providing these demons with the electricity to run their secret operation?’ I wonder. Are they getting it illegally? Do they have secret affiliations or business dealings with human organizations? I pass through the endless rows of slot machines. It takes at least five minutes to do so. Finally, I reach the far wall and make my way into another room. 
“In this new room, there are people under the giant tables. Literally! Standing there and fighting! Lots of people—my size and not so different from me! Tables tower above their heads like flat-topped trees with slim trunks. Where did all these people come from? Evidently, they know about this place too. But how did they get in?  Did they crawl in through the same tunnel that I had? I can’t figure it out. These humans are clad in suits and brawling violently before a stage which is tiny in comparison to the giant tables which encircle overhead.  Between punches, kicks, and the tearing of hair, some of these suit-clad humans hold up their hands and call out ‘Buy!’ or ‘Sell!’ in response to the seeming endless oration of numbers from the fast talking man at the podium on stage. ‘35…35…34…31…38…42…25…22…’ I can hear him saying. This endless string of numbers appears to reflect price fluctuations on commodities which are being bought and sold in the raw and savage capitalism of this trading floor. It is a brutal free for all, and yet the sounds of the ruthless carnage of the ruffian bidders, who tug at one another’s hair, throw elbows, and claw at eyes, as though fighting over slivers of raw meat, fall in perfect concert with the rhythmic rings and clinks in the next room. There is a terrifying synchronicity to this sound which renders it eerily hypnotic. Somehow amidst the cynicism of this economic bloodbath, an inexplicable wave of relief rushes over me, sparing me momentarily from the anxiety and uncertainty of living.  The fear is being held at the fringes: it makes me feel secure somehow to know that the beastly elements are being kept at the bay by the diversions of larger market forces. The pushing and brawling and biting masses sublimating predatory instincts into alpha-dominated fiscal scuffles somehow insulates me from much more terrifying maledictions beyond my ability to envisage. The calming safety of all this is so apparent to me that in the rhythmic sound of clinks and tears and clangs and bells and screams, I almost fall asleep! 
“Towering above the tussling twits, and sitting at the giant café tables surrounding the stage are throngs of demons who lean down and strain their ears as they watch with intensity and feverishly scribbled into notepads. These demons do not have 14 heads like the ones I saw earlier; on each body, there is only one central head with a long neck and 13 long, dangling neck stumps where the other heads used to be—I do not know if this is a custom among this particular demon tribe, or if it is otherwise the horrifying result of previous gambling losses. Anyway, just beyond these demons is another, much larger stage upon which stands a demon bookie with a blackboard and chalk, who appears to be taking bets on the actions of the humans below.  There are two columns on the board. One says: Time Lending Rates. The other: Time Borrowing Rates.  Do not be mistaken by this nomenclature. What is being lent and borrowed is not money over time, but rather Time itself!  Apparently, the humans below are participants in some black market Time Merchant outfit. Some people are selling yesterday, others buying tomorrow, none quite breaking even with the present moment. The demons, meanwhile, are betting on or against the bets made by the humans below. Whenever a human makes the unfortunate decision to buy at a high rate and sell low, any demon who bets against him by taking out an insurance policy against Squandered Time benefits greatly from this poor investment, whilst those who bet in his favor by dealing in these insurance policies lose a great deal. The inverse conditions presumably bring forth inverse results, but I cannot be sure. To be honest, the dynamics of this game are a little complex to me. From my vantage point, there seems to be an inherent benefit in betting on a human’s failures at negotiating time, but maybe I’m making a mistake by thinking so. Anyway, you might be surprised to know, O Lithomorphic Snuggledogs, that this sort of game takes place on a nightly basis. Being interplanetary creatures who exist on a longer scale of time, I am unsure whether such negligible transactions and fluctuations of time would have any impact upon you anyway, so possibly you do not find this interesting. In any case, one of the demons starts complaining to the other: ‘Time should not be a commodity, but a currency!’ The other assents, ‘Yes, I find this limiting as well. If we could split time into various currencies and trade between those currencies, it should be jolly good fun!’ A third, crazed one starts banging on the table wildly, ‘Thrills! Pain! Thrills! Suffering! Thrills! Craving…for more Thrills! Thrills! Pain! Thrills! Suffering!’ and so on. Soon all the demons are chanting this with the intensity of a tribal rhythm. And soon the humans below join the chant: all this room craving that flush of excitement which comes of chance, for their lives are wretchedly boring without it.  
“Amidst all this frenzy, there is a woman who speaks with a tone of inexplicable duress over the loud speaker. She is presumably being held against her will and forced to make announcements about birthdays, lost pets and local community events. I can not see her, nor have I any idea where the announcer’s booth is, so I am powerless to help, and anyway I don’t know if she is a hostile, so I am unsure whether it would be prudent. The woman says things like: ‘On the fifty-second day of the fifty-second month, there shall be a feast to commemorate the 4,687th birthday of Yancy the Temporal Slug, the Mollusk of Andhra Blurpibad, the Wheezy of Odessa Nouveau, often renowned in the religious scriptures as the Ephemeral Asthmatic Cad of Martino Retrograde Badlands: the demigod who originated the first Yancic Calendar, which is still in use today.  Notable speakers include Yancy’s sole heirs, Yarby the Tax Write-off Slug, his elder sister Yippy the Self-promoting Slug and their inbred offspring, Yangles the Slug of the Sibilant P.  Do not be alarmed by these unfortunate names: allow me to assure you that they are of reasonable charm and passable hygiene. Salted foodstuffs, naturally, will not be served, nor will any guests be permitted to bring any on the premises for the purposes of messy saliva-spray snacking. Now, I shall…proceed to—ouch that hurts! Stop it, I’m reading it! What more do you—ouch!—to…birthdays.’ Of course, by this point, her voice has become erratic. And so, she continues, ‘Little Eg-Eg-Eggy Buh-buh-brapperton is 8 years old today. Eggy! Please tell your mother to send help, I’m in the East Wi—‘ And of course the microphone is cut before she has a chance to finish the sentence. There is a brief intermission, and then you hear her sobbing voice again, ‘It…(sniff)…seems that a lost puppy…(sob)…has been found. Would…(sniff)…the owner of a white…(sigh)…Cocker spaniel, please-‘ But still, this style of reading is also unacceptable to the sinister voices whispering dreadfully in the background, and another pause ensues.  Soon, she comes on again, but this time with remarkable composure, ‘Electrical crew! Please report to the—bzzzz—-announcer’s booth! Electrical crew!’ There is a strange sound in the background, like that of live wires sparking together. It sounds like something or someone is experiencing an unfortunate malfunction.　Of course, all of this passes unnoticed by both the human and demon entities playing slots, cards and betting on anything and everything in this Games House.
“What does get their attention is the pair of elderly ladies acting as security guards by the exit door in the back. They are twins and they gossip incessantly about scandalous things, occasionally drawing croutons from the pockets of their dungarees and nibbling at them like rodents with their protruding front teeth. Whispers pass between the gamblers in the room about this meddlesome pair. Apparently, they have such a preoccupation with the scandalous that they do not hesitate to impugn the characters of innocent men. They are frequently seen at Control Stations, using numerical keypads to codify their observations of moral perversion as numbers thenceforth to be run through computers the size of buildings and plugged into vast equations designed to calculate their Indices of Injustice. If any given Index of Injustice is found to satisfy certain predetermined conditions, the sisters are then summoned into the Ministry of Information, where they give detailed reports to the Conjurer of Jurisprudence—a tall, impressive mustachioed gentleman in a black cape. In spite of his imposing appearance, the Conjurer must sit uncomfortably upon a tiny chair in a dusty office with no natural light.  The chair is so tiny, in fact, that his knees come to chest level; and in spite of the aggrandizing impact this visual juxtaposition seems to have upon his already sizeable stature, the poor sod gulps drearily at the stagnant air surrounding him—he groans too with each exhalation—for he recognizes that he has become, by the very nature of his role, a captive audience to some vast theater of human absurdity—consisting only of a tedious fugue of futile gestures and petty gratifications. Surely, O Lithomorphic Snuggledogs, you can empathize with such sufferings, which seem to have no end. In any case, the ladies are unconcerned by any boredom felt in their presence, as they are operating in the hopes of being called in as character witnesses should anything they report result in a trial. They take a certain joy in witnessing mischief, as doing so is their declared hobby.  That is also why they have volunteered for guard duty at this den of iniquity, for certainly no shortage of sin can be witnessed here. This renders them a natural threat in the ecosystem of this Games House: nervous eyes peer frequently at the two ladies, fearing their slightest utterance.  Fortunately for those brought to trial, the ladies are already of notorious reputation, not just because of their yellowed teeth and lapsed hygiene, but also because when giving testimony, they have their credibility called to question frequently.  The ladies are indifferent to their reputation, though they themselves have been called up before the courts on charges of Defamation of Character numerous times. Unfortunately, they have never been convicted. They did serve a short term in Debtors’ Prison on an unrelated matter, I’m told, but of course, this did nothing to curtail their appetites for witchy malice.
“In any case, I proceed past these ladies through the exit door, impaled by their judgmental eyes. I am outside again. Out back, it is surprisingly well lit.  There is a circle of electric lampposts creating a lit area roughly 100 meters in diameter. Throughout this circle, I can see various groups of chattering old demons. They look much older than the other demons that were inside the Games House. They don’t seem the gaming type, but actually I can see that some of them are chatting with groups of old bearded men in tuxedos and top hats. Perhaps these are the owners of the Gambling Arcade? I cannot be certain. All I can ascertain from their chatter is that they like to gossip about the regular customers of the Games House. Just beyond the lampposts in the darkness of the hills leading up into the woods, I can hear various demons cackling amongst themselves. I cannot see them because the brightness of the lamps hampers my vision beyond the perimeter of lampposts. I catch some fragments of conversation which leads me to believe that they are attempting to harness Dark Energy and use it to conjure new inhibitors to the citric acid cycles of all surrounding organisms of this wood—presumably doing so for the purpose of affecting the outcome of bets on organic chemical processes.  Others seem to be scattering unknown reagents about the soil in the hopes of denitrogenizing it: I assume this is for a similar purpose. 
“Which brings me to my question—I hope you’ll remember that this was all in preface to a question! My question is this: If there have been disruptions in the citric acid and nitrogen cycles of the surrounding woods, due to chemical fluctuations brought forth by Gambling Demons, what effect, if any, might this have upon the spread of the Ailment? Actually, I have another question: If I have, in fact, transformed and, by doing so, become the living affliction, the walking dread, the breathing pestilence I suspect myself to be, how must I adapt to the new conditions brought to the ecosystem by these demons? Before answering this question, please take into consideration that I said earlier that I am a stubborn old man who has grown tired of adapting to new conditions all the time.  However, I will, if I am forced to. Another question: what would be the most efficient way to spread myself? Also—sorry, one more question!—is there any chance of my proliferation being inhibited or even halted by the presence of a living and breathing and walking obligation? A roaming liability?” His eyes fell on Didi for a moment. “And if so, how am I to eliminate the threat posed by such negative stimuli? May I note, in asking these questions, that I am neither voicing it out of dread for the affliction, nor in support of its proliferation. At this point, my queries are purely academic. I am still attempting to determine what is for the Greater Good, if anything at all, and how the actions of lesser beings might influence it.”
There was a brief silence.
“Bunnu, I—” Didi started, beside herself with emotion.
“Shhhh!”
Bunnu continued: “But I can tell by your silence that I have asked questions which cannot be answered, or which offend your sensibilities, or which do not make any sense in the first place. Possibly, my preface to the question contained some unnecessary detail—I did not want to leave out any of my observations for fear that I might fail to paint an accurate enough picture for you of what was happening, but possibly in my zeal for accuracy, the logic underlying my explanation has grown convoluted.  Therefore, I can understand why you might find my contemplations absurd. I admit that you operate on a much higher level than me, so my musings may appear sophomoric and unworthy of acknowledgment. For my own trivial and superficial nature, I must apologize. Obviously, there are many things about the functional dynamics of this situation that I fail to recognize. I do, however, understand that you are the agent of most profound influence in this cabin and on this planet, and therefore I would like to voice my utter deference to your will, magnanimous or otherwise. I only ask that if you must use me as a host for the Ailment, that you maximize my suffering, for I should be wracked with guilt if you go too easy on me, whilst inflicting utter misery on any other organisms who come in contact with the contagion.”
At the uttering of the word ‘contagion,’ the Fancy Man leapt suddenly and exclaimed, “Contagion?”
“Shhhh!” Archimedes exclaimed. He was still taking frantic notes in his notepad. Archimedes turned to Narciss, “I must rely later on your unmistakable recall, for I have been unable to capture every detail of the patient’s outburst.” Narciss nodded with impatient annoyance, his eyes intently focused on Bunnu.
Bunnu, however, looked around for a moment and fell silent again. 
“Well…at least he can speak!” Didi exclaimed. “That’s something, isn’t it? It is, right?”
“Astonishing! Most certainly!” Archimedes marveled. His eyes bubbled with excitement. “To be honest, I’m positively stumped. I have never seen anything like this!” His eyes filled with a charge of curiosity. He turned to Narciss: “Could it be we have stumbled upon-?“
“What time is it?” Ottoman interrupted, preoccupied by another matter. He looked at his wristwatch. “If we don’t leave soon, we won’t have time to eat before the show.”
Didi sighed.  She explained embarrassedly to the others: “I am sorry for my husband. However formidable the agents of influence existing all around, he remains stubbornly at the mercy of his own appetites.”
They all laughed stupidly for some reason.  
Bunnu remained quiet.
The Domesticated Immigrant


“Traveler is he? So ’as ee got ‘imself a passport then?” a sixth person had now entered the room. “oud liketa kno’wheree’s been.” 
This was just a curious passerby, a mountain trekker who carried a satchel bag with a canvas sticking out of an open outer pocket. He had a huge, stupid grin on his face and a paintbrush wedged behind his right ear (which just made him look even more like an idiot): he had hiked up the wooded trails of these lesser mountains and was on his way to a vista which overlooked the valley below so that he might paint on this clear, cloudless day the distant snow-capped peak of the sacred mountain, Shikibu. Unfortunately, what the poor dim fellow didn’t know was that the haze of summer combined with the smoke from the stacks of the factories in the valley below to completely obscure the view of Shikibu, in spite of no clouds. He only assumed that the view would be clear, because he had been to this vista once before in the early spring, after a fresh rain had fallen and all the particles in air had been washed back to the crimson fields of Blood Sugar Cane below. He had seen this sacred mountain at that very last moment of day when those final traces of pink glowed behind its peculiar trapezoidal form, and thin streaks of purple interrupted the deepening azure laterally across the sky as far as the horizons. Then, the sun settled further, and he felt already a kind of nostalgia for a day which had passed here for the most part unknown to him, but in whose finality he had but fleeting moments to register with such awe that it wrenched his insides with regret.  He had vowed to himself that he would again come to see this sacred mountain from this place, and he would finally snatch away that beauty Nature dangled mockingly before his eyes with such inveterate wickedness. Unfortunately, he had not thought his plan through.
And so, on this very day, he had been passing this cabin sullenly on his way back from the overlook, when he heard a most unusual diatribe coming from within. And so he came to see if there was any entertainment to be had from it—at least something to mitigate his disappointment! Scanning the room now in slight perplexity, the man appeared to be calculating in his head the exact threshold at which amusement would unfailingly lapse to boredom and attempting somehow to determine where he fell within this continuum. He appeared undecided as to whether it was worthwhile to stay and see if things got interesting, or if he should otherwise leave, but then certainly there was a critical time period beyond which the payoff of staying should fail to adequately recoup the opportunity costs incurred in waiting idly. He seemed also to be approximating this critical time in his head, looking at his pocket watch every so often to recalibrate this standard.  
“Surely he does somewhere,” Didi responded to this. She looked at Narciss and Archimedes-5 as they examined the patient, who had since fallen catatonic again. Narciss opened his black leather medical kit and removed from it a corkscrew.  The curiosity seeker’s eyes widened, but then immediately lost interest as the doctor drew a small corked bottle from his hip pocket. “Unless it was confiscated upon his capture…” she looked at Ottoman.
“I wouldn’t know,” he admitted. “That’s not my department. Surely, he would have had some kind of passport to visit all the places he had, but there would be no reason for him to have it here.”
“So, would it be at the police station or the prison?” Didi asked him.
“As far as I know, legal documents for convicted felons are sent to-“
“He’s not a convicted felon. He hasn’t even been proven guilty of any of his charges, yet. He was still awaiting trial when he fled.”
“Ah, yes…I forgot about that. Well, he’d been in so long by now, I just assumed…”
“So…where do the legal documents for detainees awaiting trial go?”
“I don’t know. I can only assume they are kept together with his other belongings, because his status is still somewhat of a temporary one.”
“Temporary ee says!” the curiosity-seeker echoed jubilantly. The drama was mildly enjoyable, but he was still hoping for another one of those diatribes which had brought him in here to begin with.
“So, the prison then?” Didi bit her lip.
“Actually, it’s hard to say. I don’t really know the procedures regarding the belongings of detainees.”
“You didn’t have to study that when you took your tests?”
“Well, I’ve taken so many of those tests over the years that all of those old protocols have since been consumed by that indistinguishable gray mush in my head. Anyway, they change these policies frequently, so many of the procedures I had to study for my tests are now obsolete.”
“We really should find out, or look into getting him another one.”
“I think you are missing the forest for the trees, darling. He’s a fugitive from justice!”
“Fugitive from justice? Ha!” the onlooker barked skeptically. The ashen-faced individual, sitting cross-legged on the mat in the corner looked more like a mental case than a criminal.
“Anyway, why were you so interested in his passport?” Didi asked the onlooker. When he’d walked into the room and started making idle conversation with the Fancy Man, she immediately assumed he was a friend of Bunnu’s. It did not occur to her that he was merely a random passerby, looking for a little entertainment. “Were you hoping to take him somewhere?”
“Take ‘im somewhere?” the onlooker sniffed, and then giggled at the ridiculosity of this presumption. He thought the people here knew he was a stranger from the start, although nothing he had said or done should give them reason to think so.  His eyes fell on Didi’s cleavage as he said, “So, you ‘is wife?”
“Pinky Satyajit? Oh dear no…you wouldn’t happen to know how to get in contact with Ms. Satyajit, would you? Surely, Bunnu’s mentioned her to you.”
“Pinky Satyajit the actress?” the onlooker snorted. “Saw ‘er in a rendition of ‘Nana Narbo’s Nasopharyngeal Knickknacks’ in Baba City once. She was a’ight. Sang a bi’ off-key. Tha’was years ago, tho’. What’re you a fan? If ya wanna reach her, y’can just contact her agency, yeah? That is, if she’s still’n the biz. I reckon the dew’s dropped fr’m that lily by now.”
“Her agency?” Didi knew nothing about Bunnu’s wife, aside from her name.
“W’s just wonder’n where ee’d been I was. The Dapper Chap o’er yond’r’w’s ravin’on aboot sum’contagious Ailmen’ he’s picked up abroad, so I w’s just wonder’n wher’eed been z’all!” The onlooker said seemingly to himself, as he craned his neck to get a better view of the patient over the shoulders of the two men in lab coats, who removed his shirt and took various readings. Sometimes they connected one intravenous drip or another, before taking further readings. The one with the white hair and the smaller cranium snapped his fingers occasionally or hummed children’s songs into the ear of the patient, asking frequently, “Recognize that one? How about this one?” The shorter man with the enormous head seemed to have no shortage of measuring devices and vials in his bag. He furiously rifled through these frequently, occasionally pausing to wipe his head with a handkerchief. It was indeed a hot day. The lab coats seemed like a poor choice of attire, until one noticed the bare legs and sandals which protruded from its bottoms. Were the doctors wearing any undergarments?  “Ain’t really contagious, izzy?” the onlooker called to the doctors over their shoulders. “’aven’t ‘ad all me shots ye’, so be a frien’n let me-“
“Contagious?” a voice suddenly said behind him. Everyone turned around: a seventh person had now entered the room. “Contagiousing in summer with me is Unconscionable, unless you have official Conscioning License. Impossible! They don’t exist anyway! What are these entities? Disposition of you is not solid, as for Archelino Biggles?”
Didi jumped. “Who are you? And who is Archeby Gogols?”
“Archelino Biggles! Is the man of There: never of Elsewhere. You cabin-ning to stand in his territory of cabins? Have you dafted in your heads without bothering to check?  Anyway, I am who is not your business, but as for me.” He said this commandingly, slightly enraged at the dwarf who had the gall to get wrong the name of the man who occupied this cabin.  The other people in this cabin looked at the tall stranger with awe for a moment, for he was clad in a squirrel costume. His strange accent hinted at his Outlander heritage, and the official crest of Vasalla which adorned his chest seemed to indicate that he was a public employee of some kind: presumably for the Ministry of Ecological Dynamics, Preservation and Engineering.  Due to the depleted populations of certain species of wildlife, a lot of necessary work that was vital to the normal functioning of the ecosystem was not getting done, resulting in severe consequences in the cycles of the surrounding environment: honey production was down, certain species of terrestrial lobsters had grown to overabundance, ants were beginning to occupy different habitats than before and were exhibiting different dietary preferences than previously noted by experts. In an attempt to buffer these new erratic shifts in the balance of Nature, this government agency employed migrant workers to perform the roles of certain species whose obligations to the ecosystem had fall into arrears over time. These included certain species of rodentia, which had, of late, begun exhibiting the symptoms of a strange illness hitherto undocumented.  
The stranger continued: “…and as for him as is he my friend!”  The tall squirrel, towering over the other occupants, crossed his furry arms emphatically. His head almost touched the ceiling; surely, he’d had to bow in order to make it through the doorway.
“Me, oh my!” the curious onlooker said, observing the giant squirrel with amusement: “Why! It’s a Domesticated Immigrant!”
Feral Jestering 


“Archelino! Archelino!” Bunnu now laughed maniacally, clapping his hands like a birthday boy at the way he had just been addressed.  The color began to return to his face, and his sudden vigor even brought a pronounced jump from the two physicians who had been attending to him: “My goodness, what a turn things have taken for your fair Archelino, dear Immigrant!”
“Bunnu!” Didi’s eyes widened. “What’s happening? What’s happened to you?”
“A case of mistaken identity?” the Fancy Man asked.  “I’ll have my valet whipped.  If you like, I can also discount the tracking fees as well. 5% as a courtesy.”
“No…this is undoubtedly her brother.” Ottoman said, scratching his head. “Perhaps, he has taken on an alias.  Or maybe, he’s lost his memory and assumed a new identity.”  He suddenly spoke in a loud voice. “I SAY Old Boy! Do you remember me? Detective Ottoman-13 of the Morellan Intercultural Settlement Police Department?”
“Flat-footed man? Why so loudy speaketh he?” the Domesticated Immigrant asked Archelino.
“My dear Immigrant,” Archelino said, spreading his arms about him, “These entities make no sense in this reality. I have tried very hard to ignore them, assuming they were little more than disconcerting hallucinations brought forth from illness, but it appears they will not go away. But now that you tell me that you can hear what they are saying, I am starting to wonder if I have been mistaken all along. Perhaps, these are not symptoms of the Ailment.  Maybe they are real people.”
“Ail Lamenting again? Always Ail Lamenting! Not sickening by appearances.”
“I tell you, dear Immigrant, that the Ailment of which I speak is not a simple thing to understand. I do not understand it myself. I just think-“
“What sort of Ailment, Bunnu?” Didi interrupted. 
“He doesn’t recognize us, it seems,” Ottoman said sadly.
From this small declaration by the former detective, the room of eight seemed to erupt all at once into instantaneous verbal frenzy. Each talking at another, but no message being conveyed in its entirety without first having its own trajectory interrupted by the passing stream of others which cut through obliquely—this rendered it nearly impossible to determine who was speaking to whom and what was being said in each respective conversation. The chaos lapsed to silence for a moment, but then started again. This second time, the flow of sounds began to self-organize, giving origin to, through the melding of morphemes and allomorphs across time and space, a completely new language which accorded to its own spontaneously and self-devised grammatical algorithm, but which was neither spoken nor understood singularly by any of the eight members who occupied this room. This new language formed from the merging streams of eight individual conversations persisted for a few moments, but the confusion it instilled in the room’s occupants was sufficient to give way to another lasting silence. Subconsciously aware of the transcendent moment, yet consciously in denial of its relevance, these eight confused progenitors, thus, made it a point to forget that resplendent new tongue which had seemingly transfigured out of the sudden weaving of their haphazard syllables and to ignore all the meaning that it might have represented for the brief period it existed—though certainly the motivations, presumptions, and context which circumscribed this new language from the first to last moments of its utterance surely imbued the words, conceived in union, with a meaning of astonishing importance to all involved, perhaps even codifying a unifying message which could have explained everything lastingly and bound them all without further contradiction, if only it had not been beyond their abilities to comprehend or retain for later recall.  Of course, this fact only served to render the whole matter academic: it was best to forget. It was foolish to dwell on what could have been. That momentary new language had now dissociated with the dispersal of the last breath in air that had lent to its architecture.
It was now a dead tongue.
They all spoke again for a third time: this time, the streams of their conversations aligned perfectly in such a way that each intended recipient heard precisely the message each sender hoped to communicate. Through this interaction, the group of eight now oriented themselves in circular formation, organically organized down to four groups of two, each member of which speaking to his or her partner who stood at the diametrically opposite end of the circle.  This new formation allowed for the multi-lateral chaos of the larger group to disperse in favor of the comparable bi-lateral order of these smaller paired units, the back-and-forth chatter between corresponding parts intersecting symmetrically across the empty air separating them, all lines of communication similarly converging with almost pinpoint precision at an invisible midpoint, as though spokes in an unseen wheel forged by divine, unknowable fires. 
Consumed by the intensity of his own conversation with Didi, Ottoman clumsily broke formation by stumbling a half-step backwards: this caused him to catch his heel on the mat and stumble back again a second time, flailing his arms with a startled hop.  Falling helplessly, “Yaargle,” was all he could say before the knuckles of his hand brushed against something made of smooth fabric. “Vlaar?” he reacted with curiosity at this new sensation upon the knuckles, turning his head slightly just before his bony left wrist made impact with the wooden wall.  His back glanced off the edge of the mat and hit the ground. Lying flat, he looked up from an inverted position to realize that his knuckles had brushed against the brightly colored frilly jumpsuit that had been hanging from the hook on the wall.  
This unintentional instance of trespassing prompted an immediate roar from Bunnu, who ceased his conversation with the Domesticated Immigrant, jumped up, pulled down the front of his short trousers and sprayed the costume furiously with his own urine. Unfortunately, being in such close proximity to this, Ottoman was helpless but to be drenched with a little bit of the spray.  He rolled quickly away from the mat and, in an odd show of coordination, gracefully rolled into a standing posture. Impressed by this unexpected feat of gymnastics, the conversations in the room ceased immediately, and all the speakers broke suddenly into a kind of mechanical applause, as though they had experienced similar moments to this numerous times in the past and had been conditioned to respond in such a way (which, of course, was not at all the case).  
Insensible to the seeming minimal enthusiasm behind this clapping, and happy, in any case, to have evoked any response at all from his crowd, Ottoman commenced bowing joyously as though the whole spectacle—stumbles and all—had been planned from the start.  “Thank you! Thank you!”
Meanwhile, as Bunnu continued to mark his territory, the Immigrant explained calmly to the others, “Meddling with property is the Gravy of Misliking.”
“Why he’s gone feral!” Archimedes snapped. “Yes! It is a kind of spiritual devolution. More profound than regression, is it not?” Narciss shook his head in disgust at the lack of sophistication behind such a hypothesis.
“Gesture for Archelino so Jesterly for the Jestered.” The Domesticated Immigrant announced to the room purposefully.  He clapped his hands twice now in an imperious fashion: “Worky time! Worky worky time!”
Bunnu immediately clothed himself in the urine-soaked garments. “They’ll dry in the sun on the way over,” he said to himself.
“Bunnu,” Didi stepped forward. “We must leave for work as well. Can you meet us after our show?  We need to talk about something very important with you.”
Bunnu tensed up for a moment, as though suddenly snapping out of some strange trance.  His way of speaking suddenly became surprisingly lucid and calm, “And you are…?”
“Why I’m your quarter-sister, Didi!”
“Oh…right.”
“So, you remember me?”
“Uh…sure, I guess. Mr. Ottoman! I recognized you before, but I assumed it was a delusion. So…you really are here! I must say this is a surprise!”
“Mr. Bunnu. I am happy to see you recognize us. I must say you had us worried!”
“Well…I suppose I was a little confused at the start.  Did I hear some mention of Rakesh-7?”
“Well, yes…that is why we have come to see you,” Ottoman responded.  “We must return to Bahlia at your earliest convenience.”
“At my earliest convenience?” Bunnu scratched his chin, “Well…I suppose I’ll need to have a word with my employer. He has been good to me, so the least I can do is give him fair notice.  Fortunately, I have a good bit in savings at the moment, so leaving should be no problem. It’s probably for the best as well. I think the tax office was starting to catch wind of my presence.  My employer can only keep that under wraps for so long.”
“Employer?” Didi said. A smile crept across her face. “You have a job?”
“Oh yes! Well, I work as a jester for an aristocrat from old nobility. I think he’s originally from the Nolce province of the former Hidimban Empire. He and his family fled here during the revolution several decades ago. Good thing they did, otherwise their heads would have adorned pikes! Anyway, in spite of his notoriety among the common people there, he misses the old country, so he pays good money for someone to dress up as the Feral Jesters of his native land. Not sure if you know much about Hidimban traditions, but the life of a Feral Jester in Old Hidimba was fairly rigorous: far more severe than even the most destitute of the destitute that you might see in your average city of the Republic. Hidimbans had humiliation down to a veritable Science—well, I would call it less a Science than an Art. The Jesteral Art! I think it came about because of the extreme wealth disparity between the aristocrats and the peasants.  The sight of a mere peasant was not thoroughly entertaining enough for them: they wanted to see more ruin, more depravity! This need apparently is what gave birth to this new art form. Truth be told, it is a challenging path to undertake, for it is most certainly a path. It requires a strong sense of discipline, and the mental and spiritual fortitude to inflict upon oneself the worst conditions of hygiene imaginable. We are expected to go to great lengths to make ourselves as physically, socially and spiritually unappealing as our human frames would allow us. This is more difficult than it sounds: it is well enough to let oneself go, but one can only sink as far as a certain level with that sort of behavior.  Negligence is a mere warm-up. It is necessary next to adopt disgusting habits and a warped sense of morals, but even with one’s greatest efforts, one can still only get so low.  Beyond this, the process of moral decay becomes far less linear: there is a branching of the path leading in various disgraceful directions, but at this point, it more or less becomes a highly personal journey toward spiritual devolution. It takes not only the skill and the determination of a true devotee to reach the utter depths, but even the courage to surrender oneself to the bewilderment and agitation one must suffer on one’s stepwise trek to inverse enlightenment—or Disenlightenment, as we call it.  Of course there are various depths of decrepitude one is capable of achieving. I’m about average as far as decrepitude for Feral Jesters goes, but I’m happy to say my putridity index increases by the day. Actually, it took me a long time and a lot of hard work to get as low as I’ve gotten thus far: a lot of solid effort. I think I’m doing a pretty cracking job of it, but I’m still nowhere near as wretched as the Masters of Old—those miserable crazed cretins were levels beyond abject. The books I’ve read on the topic have some very interesting accounts actually. Anyway, as you can probably guess, the wild behavior of a Feral Jester requires an utter mental and spiritual discipline from which it can be somewhat difficult to break. A good Feral Jester must live the lifestyle expected of him, must endure every degradation imaginable, must suffer every physical, mental and spiritual torment conceivable for the mind and the body.  His role may sound to you as that of the Devout Masochist, but I assure you that to think so would be a grave oversimplification.  I am an entertainer, but not just an entertainer.  Most certainly I am an artist of a sacred and time-honored discipline—something that in Old Hidimba could only be considered the craft of a certain caste of fortunate individuals. Fathers trained sons in the arts of this black spiritual austerity. I would be remiss to call it a job, for surely it is a lifestyle, and certainly one of which I am greatly proud.  Naturally, sometimes the role can be so overwhelming it is easy to forget yourself and your own circumstances. Oh my! I realize now that I was probably acting strangely when you first came into the cabin. I must apologize for my earlier behavior. You see, I have been working 67-hour days everyday for the past three weeks with no break, so I have had a little bit of difficulty separating my natural inclinations from the inclinations instilled in me by my role. Actually, in order to perform my role successfully, it is often necessary to induce autosuggestion—that is I must put myself into a meditative trance in order to invoke the spirit of the Archelino.  When I wake up in the mornings after a long stretch working, I sometimes revert to that trance immediately in my conscious state. This might have to do with some confusion in the brain as to which switch to flip. It’s just a matter of habit actually. It’s not intentional. You know how it is when you work too much and you have a routine? Think of this as something similar. Anyway, I assure you that, even in the depths of my trance, I am still very much the same person.  I am very conscious of whom I am, and I never cease to be Bunnu.  I do sometimes suffer delusions, yes. I am not sure if this has something to do with my job, or if, as Dr. Archimedes mentioned—hello, by the way, Doctor!—if it is an after-effect of being exposed to the MRDA at the Asoka Plains facility.  Whatever the cause, the fact that I suffer delusions is a relatively minor point. Lots of people have delusions without realizing it—at least I’m aware of it! As far as I see it, the fact I am conscious of my own delusions renders me psychologically coherent, but possibly the esteemed Sir Narciss would disagree with me on that point—hello to you as well, Sir! Oh…but he’s shaking his big noggin at me. Yes, you disagree? Oh well, oh well. No matter! Anyway, I hope I have not concerned any of you with the way I was carrying on earlier. I do remember there was some concern expressed over my state of health? Oh yes, Mr. Ottoman, now you are nodding your head.  Sorry, good sir. Sorry! And I suppose I was jabbering incessantly about the Ailment too, wasn’t I? Oh yes, Fancy Man, yes. Thank you for coming to visit. I am pleased to make your acquaintance. By the oddness of your smirk and the slightness of your wince, I can tell that the answer to my question is indeed ‘yes?’ No? Sorry, sorry…I did not mean to upset you all by talking like that and causing you concern over my health.  I must confess, though, that in all honesty, I do firmly believe that everything I said earlier about the Ailment and about the upcoming invasion by the Lithomorphic Snuggledogs is unquestionably true, yes…but I should not go on and on about it and cause you to worry over me like that. WILL YOU STOP YOUR SNICKERING, YOU MISERABLE ANT??? Forgive me. That, too, is terribly inconsiderate, and I feel now embarrassed for having made such a spectacle before you. I think I have forgotten how to interact properly with polite society.  I guess that happens when I work too much.  
“Anyway, I recognize that my behavior has been dreadfully impolite to the kind guests of this cabin, but to be fair, I did think you were all figments of my imagination until a few minutes ago.  Perhaps, I am overly sensitive to the possibility of delusions! Is there such thing as having delusions of delusions? Or maybe even Phantom Delusions? Phantom Delusions! Ha ha…Either way, that little rant of mine from earlier must have been quite a bore to listen to! Apologies…for this I must blame the Jester persona. I sometimes get myself lost in the mindset of Archelino Biggles the Jester: in the crazed things he says, in his indifference to ridicule, in his predilection for crapulence. It must be strange for you to listen to me refer to Archelino in the third-person. Well, admittedly, by occupying my flesh, he is forced to share certain commonalities with me, but still I must consider him an alternate personality outside of my own.  Sometimes it is easy for me to inadvertently fall into his habits and tendencies as a means of escaping from my own. After all, he is so much larger than life than boring old me: sometimes he likes to call attention to things polite folks would rather not address, hence all that uncomfortable talk of the Ailment. Basically, this is just an attempt on the part of the Archelino to spiral further into putrescence! The gap between who I am and what my role defines for me causes me great confusion at times, especially when I have been working a lot. In the obsessions wrought of method acting, I nearly forgot what was real and what wasn’t.  Actually, I’m still not sure right now. Some of it has merged together for me. I was…er…well…I suppose I am still confused!  I hope that explains it.”
“Oh Bunnu!” Didi exclaimed, satisfied by this explanation. She ran up to embrace him.  Suddenly, everything made a peculiar sense. Bunnu, in spite of his strange hygiene and poor physical condition, seemed suddenly quite normal to the occupants of the cabin.  “I am so so happy to find you well! I am so happy to see you again. You have no idea how much I missed you!”
“Yes…” he said uncomfortably, “Thank you.”
Narciss looked disappointedly to Archimedes-5, who reassured him by saying, “Yes, he is behaving politely at the moment, but this has to be a phase.  We must not mistake his politeness for lucidity. In fact, as we both know, politeness is often an effective mask for poor mental health. You know as well as I do, Sir Narciss, that this courteous patient of ours will pass back into mad incoherence soon enough. It is as I said earlier: sometimes the patient goes lucid for a stretch, but it is always a matter of time before he lapses back into fits of deranged raving. Still, while our patient here behaves as though he has his wits about him, we have lost all leverage over the situation.  For the moment, at least. Most likely, he will not come with us willingly, and we do not have the physical strength to apprehend him and neither does this Fancy Man, so we must pursue this matter through the appropriate legal channels. If we handle this the right way, we can have him remanded back to our custody soon enough. So, do you think it would be better to head for the police station, or consult a lawyer first?”  
Narciss mumbled disjointedly
“Yes, my sentiments exactly. I must say, I’m rather eager to return with him to Asoka Plains so we might observe his escape methodology more closely.”
Narciss mumbled again.
“Yes…certainly they will be difficult to replicate, but at the very least, we can observe him in similar conditions. I can’t imagine the data should be heavily skewed by minor variations in the environmental conditions.”
Behind them, the fancy gentleman reminded the room, “My apologies for not being able to aid you gentlemen with your situation. I was hoping for a reward. Maybe there’s still a chance of collecting on it further down the road. In any case, I’m getting paid either way, so I’m quite satisfied. The clock, as I mentioned, has been running since we left my office.”  He looked at his pocket watch. “Oh dear! But I will soon have to resume my other duties for the day. Nearly tea time.  The Master awaits!”
The curious onlooker snorted: “A butler, are ye?  I shoulda giss’d!”
“Boo-ga the Calamity!”
“Well…then…” Archimedes said with a sigh. “I suppose we’ll be leaving then.”
“Boo-ga the Calamity!”
“Yes, yes…goodbye.”
“Hmph…we should be on our way too,” said Ottoman, looking at his watch. “Thank you all for your assistance. Bunnu, if you will, please meet us at our hotel after you finish work. That’s the Sallow Falls B&B.  You know the place?”
“Mmm.”
“Then, we’ll head back and wait for you in the lounge after we finish our gig.”
“Boo-ga the Calamity!”
“Haf t’be moseyin’ meself! Cheers f’r the free Jestering show boy-o!” the curious onlooker said and walked toward the door.
“Hey!” Bunnu called after him. The Curious Onlooker stopped in his tracks. “Take the ant jar with you. Don’t set him free though.  Never set him free.”
“Boo-ga?”
“Bunnu, you’re not going to run off again, are you?” Didi said pausing as she was about to walk out the door.  “I mean—we finally found you after all these years. And, of course, I’m sure you trust me when I say we’ll do everything possible to make sure you don’t get sent away to prison again…” She looked briefly at Narciss and Archimedes, who seemed to have nothing to say about this eventuality. They seemed rather fine with letting him be for now, in fact. Didi continued: “…but what I mean to ask is you aren’t going to escape from the whole situation, are you? Escape from us, I mean?”
Bunnu was slightly offended by this: “Why ever would you think that?”
“Well…I don’t know,” Didi said sadly. “One never knows with you.  I never expected to be apart from you so long after you left the first time. I mean…you do realize that whatever happens to you affects people besides you. I mean, you can’t be that self-centered not to realize it! If you suffer, your family suffers too! You have no idea how much time Mama and Papa spend worrying about you. They aren’t the types to express it, but I can see it in their faces whenever the subject of you comes up.  They’re getting older, you know, Bunnu. I don’t understand why you’ve made no effort to visit them. Did they do anything to deserve that sort of neglect from their son? Not that I can see! I don’t know what reasons you have for not going back to visit, or if you have any reasons in the first place. I suppose it’s easy to get caught up in the things around you and let the time slip by.  But, I mean, do you know how much your parents miss you? How much I do? And Rakesh-7? I mean you do realize how much heartache you have caused the family the way you ran out on us? The way you keep running out on every situation the moment things get difficult? You are not alone in all this.  You are not the only one affected by your actions. Everything you do, like it or not, has an indelible effect on your family.  On me. On our parents. On all of us! You understand this, don’t you?”
“Right….right.” he said mechanically to this girl whose name he couldn’t quite remember. Who was she again? He remembered the face vaguely. Presumably, she was a distant relation: “Indissolubly in union.”  His eyes met with those of this dwarfish female. Bunnu had met these sorts of nettlesome relatives before.  There was no reasoning with such people, no way of making them see his side. How could he possibly make her understand that the concept of “family” was an abstraction at best? A fanciful one to boot! Naturally, by assuming it so, there would seem to be no accounting for the evolution of certain shared survival traits, such as Kin Selective Altruism, other than by simply dismissing them as an illusions tangled in the wiring of the insecure mind.  But was the concept of family any different? Was it not similarly conceived as a survival trait by a common fear and lack of assurance? It was the very same insecure mind which drove the conspiracy and the rapacity and the butchery of this world, this very same insecure mind which craved community with the in-group, with the family, with the sports team, with the religion, with the society, with the country: this illogical craving for the comforts of group identity over the uncertainty and ill-defined terms of self-sequestration amidst the ever-moving, never-divided masses! Was it so unreasonable and so much against the protocols of nature for a social animal such as himself to view things in such a light? It did not seem so! Otherwise the thought would never have occurred to him! But still it flew in the face of the logic espoused by countless others of his very same species, thus somehow validating both the thesis and antithesis. Still, how does one explain to such people that “familial relation” was just an administrative construct of the cooperative primitive clan society, and that otherwise any two humans from opposing corners of the globe could be deemed “familial relations” by sheer gravity of their common origin? How does one explain that closer genetic relation only brought a similarity in heritable traits, but that a common environment in juxtaposition with such shared qualities only constrained individual development? How does one explain this to those who are so loyal to their clan of common heritage? How does one make clear the fact that this very same debate between union and separation had been ongoing even prior to the origin of their migratory species, and that it would be ongoing well beyond that moment of its final breath before it passed to extinction?  How does one break the larger picture into smaller fragments digestible enough to be comprehended? It was impossible to do with someone who warped her internal truths so ceaselessly for the sake of averting all suffering, seeking instead the blinding and hopeful comfort of groups. Comfort and bliss were fine things indeed, but rarely were they well aligned with truth! There was evidently no means for those who spurned truth in favor of bliss to comprehend that even in solitude, one functioned as a part of the larger ecosystem, of the larger cycles around, and of the larger Cosmos: but perhaps to realize infinite connection to every quark and anti-quark of the Multi-verse was not limiting enough for their mortal, time-deprived imaginations to digest! But why were such limits necessary? Many, it seemed, thrived on limits! Limits, perhaps, made it all seem less vast and uncertain. Bunnu, on the other hand, reveled in the vastness and the uncertainty: there was an exhilaration to be had from it! There were certainly others who saw things in a similar fashion to him: many courageous, vibrant entities whom he had met over the years.  However, there were also people who thrived on the notions of limits and categories and surface-level simplicities. This dwarfish relative of his here appeared to be one such person. To people such as these, every action made by the individual was by extension an action of that individual’s clan. There was no separation! There was no inimitable shape within that raw material block of familial flesh to which one could be whittled down in solitude! And for some, the shameful circumstances of the individual added an unalterable black mark on the clan’s reputation. Yet, there was no way for one to lash out against this thinking: doing so was tantamount to running full force against an immovable object. This way of thinking was still exceedingly common in some parts of Old Kaiiba (often it even became the reason to stop marital unions from happening whenever, for example, an unquestionable disgrace on the part of some relative had been uncovered by a private investigator): the reputation of the clan was considered by most “well-bred individuals” a strong indicator of personal character.  And for those who subscribed to this reasoning, the respective values and integrity of a group had a strong bearing on the shared traits of its other individual members. To a certain extent, this was true, of course: one could not argue against the inevitable influence of the environment of one’s upbringing around relatives, and of course, the heritable traits of personality that were passed biologically through the generations. Yet, beyond this, Bunnu felt there was another facet to individual identity, often unexplored by those who proclaimed too much allegiance to the group in favor of their own private self-actualization: a realm of thought and being that it was crucial to explore, one that he had been exploring continually since the day he had left Bahlia many years ago, one that entertained occasional regression, but not lasting regression to moments of previous. He could understand the point of view of those who viewed him as selfish for neglecting the needs of his clan, and of course, he felt a great sense of guilt for it, as he was eternally beholden to them for all the love and affection with which they had blessed him in his earlier formative years.  But he was still, even now in his old age, very much in his formative years—or so he liked to think—and in constant transformation according to the conditions of every new environment he entered. He understood that his actions and circumstances were still viewed as representative of the rest of his clan, but this was not how he wished for them to be seen.  He did not wish for any other than himself to have claim over his own actions, he did not wish for any other than himself to suffer the responsibility for them.  He wanted only to be personally accountable, but apparently this was a ludicrous thing to expect. He felt suddenly quite terrible.  An incomprehensible wave of embarrassment now came over him, as the sore just below the back of his left shoulder flared up; he felt a fresh pain again. His neck stiffened and he suddenly felt extremely tired.  Why was he embarrassed suddenly? What was it about this situation he found so terribly embarrassing?  There were not answers to such questions. He, nonetheless, felt exposed, but to what and for what reason he could not clearly understand!
Didi, meanwhile, noticing the blood draining from his face, couldn’t help but entertain the notion briefly that perhaps Bunnu believed himself undeserving of his family’s affections. Was that what it was? It was always so difficult to read him, so difficult to know what really was going on in that head of his. That ever-pensive, ever-melancholic expression of his conveyed nothing to her except that he continued, as always, to live inside his own head; and yet she knew nothing of the conditions of that intricate internal world he seemed to occupy.  Ever since she had first met him, it had always been this way! He quivered now like a rodent at death’s door, causing Didi to worry suddenly that he might lose conscious.  She started to move toward him, but then thought better of it: “Well, I didn’t mean to sound preachy, especially after all this time.” she said carefully, and in her best attempt at suppressing the emotions flooding over her: “And I don’t want to shame you, or anything like that. That’s not why I’m here. But I think you are intelligent enough to see for yourself how much of an impact your situation has on the people who love you. No man is an island after all. Even if he wishes to be, no man is ever an island. I know you probably don’t want us worrying about you. How much we care might even seem burdensome to you. Our worry seems to cause you stress.  There’s no point denying it, I can see it in your face. Well…there’s nothing I can do to help you with that. Tough luck! We are going to worry about you no matter what, so you might as well get used to it!  It’s not like we don’t have better things to do. You think I enjoy this? You don’t think that I’d rather be doing and thinking of other things, that I’d rather be enjoying my own life, rather than worrying about you all the time? And I’m not the only one in the family who feels this way! All I ask is that you bear that in mind, from now on, before behaving rashly.” She paused and sighed, momentarily regretful for having allowed her pent-up resentments to vent so easily. She had said a few things just now that she wished she hadn’t. But it didn’t matter anymore. She had said them: it was too late. “Well, anyway…I guess it is what it is!” she resolved, “It’s just that I would just hate to think you might still run off somewhere and that I wouldn’t have a chance to see you again. You won’t run away, will you? Not after we went to all this trouble to find you.  Anyway, if you do, we’ll find you again. It may take time, but I assure you we will. You’ll spare us the trouble, won’t you, Bunnu? You won’t run away, right?”
“No! Of course not!” he whispered uncomfortably. He suddenly felt dizzy.  His breathing became shallow and painful. He found himself choked up more by the intensity of her emotion than his own.  He wheezed with difficulty: “What… kind of… person… do you… take me for?”
“An escape artist: that’s what you are!” Ottoman said with a droll laugh. “The Maestro of Evasion!”
Escape Artist!

I.

There was a period of about six years, starting from the age of 18 and continuing until about a month after her 25th birthday, in which Didi had reached the peak of her incredibly stunning, albeit incredibly fleeting, beauty.  This sudden transformation through its dizzying duration struck her, in equal measures, as both heartening and disconcerting. When the changes started taking hold, she became surprised immediately by the lengthened gazes, the protruded lips, the creasing of foreheads: she suddenly sensed a new air about the manner in which she was received by others. At first, she did not make the connection, attributing the seeming brightness in their smiles and the glow about their eyes to other causes seemingly external to her: the changing of seasons perhaps, the excitement of a military parade, even the thrill of a romantic tryst. With each passing day, however, it seemed like every word that left her mouth would effect stupid enraptured giggles in men and either wide-eyed admiration or bitter scorn in women. Startled by the intensity and polarity of such feelings, she started to wonder if there was not some sort of affliction going around, and wondered innocently why she had not similarly been afflicted (unless she had, but simply failed to notice it). Could it have been something they’d eaten? The diet of Bahlians had, after all, started to change as imported foodstuffs from other territories of the Republic made their way into the markets, and hence into daily cuisine. Maybe the rest of them were all eating something she wasn’t, she thought for a while. Soon, however, she started to dismiss such bizarre notions. Maybe she was just imagining things!
Yet, saying this to herself did not stop her from indulging further speculation. She would manage to get her mind off it for a while and go about her daily routines, but soon the hardened gawk of a passerby would alarm her and she would find her mind searching with shivering dread for a reason to dismiss it.  And in the course of her search, she would stumble back again unintentionally into her strange imaginings. For a time, she wondered naively if it all had to do with something she was saying or doing unwittingly.  Could it have had something to do with the way her face was emoting? Perhaps, she was saying or doing things that had more pronounced effects than usual on the people around her. Of course, she did not intend to do so, but sometimes people, without realizing it, said or did things which evoked strong feelings in others. However, this did not sufficiently account for the growingly emphatic nature of their behavior.  People started drawing closer to her uninvited. Strangers kept stopping her in the streets for presumably no reason at all. She appreciated the friendliness of such gestures; and yet, there was a strange fanaticism about them, a rapt glaze about their eyes, an implacable purpose tugging at the ends of lips revealing teeth grinding with excessive zeal. The attention she was receiving from strangers suddenly terrified her to the point that she sometimes even had to work up the nerve to leave the insulating comforts of her home. This desire to stay indoors was one of the few things that could serve to please Yuri, who herself had grown increasingly adamant in her command over Didi as she blossomed into womanhood, and who wanted nothing more, until she was able to marry her off, than to control her movements in order to guide her away from the clutches of those lowly predators and parasites who vied against one another in their efforts to exploit this naïve, young flower in whatever manner would gratify their desires most expeditiously. And yet in spite of the stern reproaches borne in Yuri’s glare and in defiance of her own anxieties, Didi always managed to dull her better sensibilities for long enough to venture outward.  But once she was out in the open spaces of daylight, amidst shifting shadow and surfaces of infinite concealment, she became again vulnerable to every insidious intention imaginable. She could sense it all around.
Men started following her in the streets. From random windows of condemned buildings came catcalls and lewd invitations. In the marketplace, black-nosed harlots would sometimes pull at her hair and scream profanities. She also started to see nuances in the way certain kinds of men and women behaved. Older men, it seemed, especially those with money, seemed to twirl their mustaches, tip their hats and allow no opportunity to pass in which they could lavish attention upon her; younger, often more handsome, men were unaccountably overcome with a sudden case of meekness in her presence.  Older women seemed to take great joy in giving her unsolicited advice on how to please men; younger ones either seemed to desire her friendship or wish harm upon her for no reason she could seem to grasp.  In the past, none of these people who approached her would even so much as register her presence, but now, it seemed like a big hullabaloo could be expected whenever she entered a new place. Of course, she was not unwitting of the changes in her own body: there was no missing the extremely pronounced growth spurts which seemed to occur over a mere matter of weeks. In fact, through these spurts, she nearly doubled the height she had been when she’d first come to Bahlia from Vasalla two years earlier. Her weight, however, remained almost exactly the same, allowing her very quickly to go from chunky to slim. Her flesh pulled to tautness, the faint line of her cheekbones became more prominent and the dramatic angle of her nose, which when she was still of asymmetric proportion almost seemed obscene and foul like the mask of a Stench Demon, now instead became her most alluring and dignifying feature. And yet, through all of this, she still failed to equate the changes in her everyday social interaction to the changes in her physical appearance. 
It was not until one day when she was strolling down the main concourse of Dharam Market on an errand for Yuri that she met a man who was able to give her a faint hint as to her effect on others:  “In a manner of speaking, there is a desire to devour. Only they don’t know it.  A strange appetite exists on a subconscious level: they see an unattainable glow otherwise confined to the intangible. It frustrates them internally to envisage that this sublime form could exist and that it could loom so close to them and yet still be so beyond their capacity to obtain. And even in obtaining it, they know already their hands would have tainted and thus rendered it as common and mundane as themselves, so they are doomed to watch impotently as it passes before them.  Their gazes are loving and hating. They wish for nothing more than its destruction. Their souls are ill-equipped to handle its taunts.  Their egos are wounded in its presence. They might even convince themselves that it is an affliction that requires swift eradication—of course, this is a self-serving notion. They are simply suffering from the pangs of self-loathing.”
“I don’t follow.”
“The aesthetic of the form,” the Man continued, “is a filter for internal essence. If you were shrewish in spite of your beauty, it would be much easier on all who encountered you.  Your flaws would be evident to all, and that might actually serve to humanize you to some. The common man would simply desire your flesh, but wish to suck away your imperfections of spirit and spit them out in the nearest receptacle as one might poison from an open wound.  This is usually how we deal with obnoxious women who recognize too well their own physical beauty and attempt to use their feminine charms as a weapon by which they can shape their own destiny—admirable indeed, yes, though some of these flighty hormonal predators can be irreconcilably wicked. Yes…I’ve known a few!  Flippy ‘Floppy Eyelid’ Schuster for one!” 
He motioned just behind his back. Although she was only two meters away, Flippy took no notice of any mention of her name, nor did she show any interest in the speaker. Didi only knew Flippy by reputation, but had never seen her up close. Her head was shaped like a sideways pear and she had incredibly dark skin.  Her pink-shaded eyes were the size of salad plates, her floppy eyelids hung in folds of skin and her long whip-like eyelashes dripped with black viscous goo. Every time she blinked, there was a sound like one thousand mini sonic booms whose cracks produced a mist in air. Occasionally, a spray of black droplets reached those surrounding her, producing a pronounced recoil.  Flippy, however, seemed unconcerned by her intrusions on others, and no one even entertained the possibility of challenging her on this.  And even if anyone so much as tried to approach her, a child-like charm would then manifest itself in the curling of her luscious lips and she would become immediately mesmerizing.  She had an amazing talent for invoking this super-ability, but only when necessary. Her allure was a survival instinct she had acquired from a young age, upon learning that she could turn any situation to her advantage by batting those eyelids of hers and talking in a babyish voice.  When doing so, she managed to become briefly and inexpressibly attractive.  However, before and after such moments of stunning beauty, she was otherwise a cruel and calculating creature, who made no attempt to hide her spiteful ways. She spoke intently now to an effeminate male wigmaker about something that brought devilish high-pitched chortles from both.  Didi could not hear what was being said, but knew from the cynicism in those eyes that it wasn’t kind. Her eyes fell on Didi for a moment, and there was a sudden flicker of an emotion Didi couldn’t read well, though it was anything but joyful. Didi’s eyes left the pair and fell back on the Man who spake no further, but instead seemed to enjoy observing with attention her act of observation.  
His face came alive again as he snickered. “That’s our Flippy! Well anyway! As you can imagine, few manage to exorcise she-beasts like Flippy of their ruthless audacity, and so we are left to tolerate the overconfident and self-infatuated wenches of the world! I’ve known a few indeed! Ha!” He craned his neck and looked back at Flippy Schuster, who took no notice of him at all. She now had this scornful look upon her face as she spoke with her confidante about some unpleasant matter. The Man turned back to Didi, and looked back and forth for a moment, as though silently comparing the two: “But you, my dear, are certainly no wench! That’s what others find so frustrating about you perhaps! What people are most stricken by is your internal beauty. In fact, at this very moment, I am almost too stricken by it to speak! Most forms shield it. Your current form amplifies it!  You do not have that stupid look about you that most girls who are young and naïve seem to have before they are corrupted by the world and before they fall victim to the pragmatism of their own cynical calculation. No! You are not weak-willed like that! Not so easily downtrodden by adversity! You seem practical, but not in a defeatist way. There is still a refreshing idealism about you. You can see the world for what it is, and yet you are too strong to let it corrupt you.  You almost seem to think you can save it. No? Rid the world of its ills? Lead its transgressors to redemption? So ambitious, my dear! So ambitious! How I pray you can save us all. How much I truly pray! Yes, you are a strong one! Too strong to lose that light in your eyes we all seem to lose as our disappointments stack up alongside those dreams long since turned to dust. I can see that light there in your eyes and I am struck by the realization that you must have suffered terribly at some point in your lifetime.  Am I wrong? No?  You have the look of someone who has suffered, but also the look of someone who has gained a heartening wisdom in spite of it.  I can see all of that beneath that glowing countenance!  You must tell me what is behind it. What is the source of that immaculate and beautiful suffering which has shaped you?” 
A weight started forming in her chest. She was silent for a moment. Hearing these words was actually physically painful for her.  She briefly despised her appearance though she couldn’t understand why. She opened her mouth to speak, and then closed it. She took a breath and spoke slowly.  She wanted to keep the conversation on a polite footing: “I’m sure you say that to a lot of-“ 
“I will not argue against the fact that I’m a skilled liar. However, I would ne’er stoop to crafting something so overly simplistic for the sake of mere flattery.” He seemed offended by the very idea of someone thinking so about him. He added, “I take a certain pride in my fabrications.”
“I see,” Didi remarked, impressed by his honesty. The artist was a small-statured man with a large belly and a fleshy meatball head.  His jowls puffed out repeatedly like the throat of a frog.  His eyes were those of a sad and lonely child who suffered endless torments. It was almost impossible not to feel sorry for him and despise him all at once. His voice had a miserable whiny tone to it, which otherwise might have prompted its listener to beat him to a pulp if not for that invisible cloud of gunpowder borne within his aura, swirling in the air and ready to flare to detonation at the spark of even marginal peril. Didi feared him briefly, and from this fear, respect immediately took root. “You mean what you said was true, then?”
“If I wished to lie, I would certainly have crafted something far more ingenious. After all, that is what I do.”
“What do you-“
“I’m an artist.”
“Oh,” Didi could not see the connection, but did not wish to seem impolite, “So, you…uh-“
“Well, I guess you must be thinking to yourself now, ‘Oh, but wait! I thought art was supposed to be honest!’” He said this last bit in a somewhat annoyed voice, as though disgusted by such hollow inanities.
“Actually I wasn’t-“
“It matters not!” he maintained, steam-rolling her sentiments glibly, “But I tell you, it’s quite the opposite. Art is anything but honest. Art is the genuine deception. Nothing ever created by the hand of mankind could be said to exist as anything more than merely as a manipulated object. It is not real: the very necessity of its conscious creation deprives it of this quality.  You must be asking yourself then, ‘Am I not real?’ That would be the natural question to ask by reductio ad absurdum, especially if you believe that all organisms are ‘conscious creations’ of the gods. I cannot tell you whether or not we are and will not attempt to do so, but I will say that if this were so, then, we would also be, by logical extension, no more real than the things we created. Must we, then, shift our conception of what is real? You know, adjust the standard to take into account our own point of origin? Well, then, all the logic gets messy, and you can use whatever convenient perspective that seems suitable to justify all boundaries of epistemological claptrap you wish to prove or disprove. Let us simply say that in a universal sense nothing created of conscious will is completely genuine, for it is subject to the imperfections and the transitory nature of conscious will itself: therefore, it cannot possibly exist as a constant. Thus, it is unreal. Spurious! Follow? Yes? Then, surely you can understand what I mean when I say that art is necessarily disingenuous, but it is disingenuous in its disingenuity as well. Whenever an artist or an art enthusiast or a gallerist or a critic or a collector find themselves occupying the same space for the purposes of spewing hot air into it, they find themselves using words like ‘real’ or ‘honest’ or ‘pure’ to describe works that seem to affect them deeply: do not, however, be mistaken by this, as it is often being said in an ironical, if not self-deceiving, way. In fact, when most people talk about art, nobody knows what anyone else is even talking about. They just nod their—oh! Look! Here’s your coffee! Splendid!”
“Thank you,” said Didi to the waitress, who looked at the pair with bewildered eyes. They were sitting at a sidewalk café. The waitress was all of fifteen and she wore sandals with busted straps, which she had been scolded for wearing on the job numerous times previously, but which she loved rather dearly because of their color. She was the daughter of the owner of this establishment, but she and her younger brother were not yet used to serving this type of crowd. The demographics of the neighborhood had changed rather quickly in the past few months, and they had had to change the menu almost completely to serve a host of new appetites. Her mother, in the kitchen, used to work as a domestic in the house of a middle-class civil servant, so she knew the cuisine which appealed to his family’s tastes.  This style of cooking had proved previously to be too rich for the tastes of the old neighborhood, and was now proving to be contrastingly too lowbrow for some of the nouveau sophisticates who populated the few blocks surrounding.  Substitutions to the menu were simple to make. Retraining the children in the nuances of good service had proved, on the other hand, to be a Sisyphean task. Complaints from the customers were coming in on an hourly basis, and the parents were beginning to wonder if it was too late for the kids to adapt themselves to the new clientele.  They had too many of the rough, unpolished tendencies of the old neighborhood, too many habits it would take months, even years of severe discipline to break.  Maybe there was no way they could change.  After all, one couldn’t teach the Mammary Mambo to a flightless water chameleon!
Didi looked around her. The market was more packed than usual. Today was the first day of business after the rainy season holidays. It had rained in the morning, but the water had already dried. Still, however, the humidity clung to the air along with the permeated smells of meats from the butcher’s booth, and those of naphthalene mixed with frankincense from the tents of exotic foreign tailors. Street performers, it seemed, were everywhere: fire rodent jugglers, misanthropic comedians whose acts seemed to consist of insulting passersby and poor drunken actors slurring monologues from old classical plays. The street children were all about as well, begging for alms. In spite of the abolition of the caste system, no change at all could be seen in their lifestyle. In fact, the homeless population of the town seemed to be growing at a more rapid rate due to the influx of migrants. There was music in the streets as well: a group of centenarians played harps and chimes and recited tired old ghazals about rice paddies and quiet pastures and churning butter in melodic spoken word. The main square was occupied by people from all walks of life, from milk maidens to military generals, who sat on benches, or on the concrete ground, or on raised platforms. Strange men in bear costumes held court with this motley audience, asking frequently questions like, “What is substance?” or “Can the causality of all events in Space-Time be traced back through infinite regression to their incongruous and hypothetical origins?” The main square rested on a steep incline with rows of potted flowers leading to a summit where a single clock tower in the shape of a bifurcating obelisk stood. The obelisk was surrounded by a deep moat, and just beyond it the concrete rapidly degraded to soggy Elevated Marshland which had been constructed for purposes unknown to the citizenry—possibly for irrigation, but also possibly as a wildlife refuge—and which decreased gradually in elevation in a series of rectangular platforms. Tall trees projected from these stepwise platforms of soggy ground: the water was occupied by alligators, octopodes, and freshwater koala.  Halfway down these steps of watery terrain, there was a community of small huts perched between splitting tree trunks.  This was where the Marshland Organizers were presumed to live, though no one knew this for sure.  The marshes were interrupted at the bottom step by the city walls of the town, which had collapsed into the swamps due to lack of ground support numerous times before and had to be reinforced to prevent further sinking on a semi-annual basis. Beyond the walls, the swampland thereupon dried to forest land which became interrupted soon by gigantic rock formations which had only formed 3 months earlier, presumably due to mini-volcanic eruptions.
Didi never ventured out that way, but thought often about how close in proximity to her daily amblings this plethora of plant and animal life existed. She missed the foliage of the northern lands, and would not have been surprised if the marshes bore a certain resemblance. She had a strong desire to explore them, but it seemed there was always something else distracting her from any chance at doing it. 
On this particular day, she had been passing along the main market concourse on an errand for Yuri.  Suddenly, she felt a gentle poke at the elbow as she was walking along the sidewalk past the café. She turned around and this decrepit-looking man started regaling her with pleasantries. It was the warmth of his eyes that engaged her most. After a minute of happy chit-chat about forgettable things, he started inveigling her relentlessly with compliments in the hopes of winning for himself a companion for only so long as it took “to drink a coffee and down some pastries.”  He knew a young, beautiful lady like her must be busy. After that, he promised would not bother her any further. Minutes later, she found herself seated across from him, too drawn in now by conversation to backtrack gracefully. She kept waiting for that elusive moment in which it would be polite to leave, but he kept assailing her with offers of more food and drink and so she was never able to form a reasonable exit strategy. She sat there now, feeling as though the chair had fused to her posterior. She continued the conversation, in an attempt to be polite, “So…you seem to feel strongly about Truth.”
“Art always lies!” the Artist started again emphatically as if he were the first person ever to say such a thing. She exhaled audibly through her nose, wondering silently how long he would continue on with this already hackneyed theme. She felt a wave of fatigue sweep over her. “The artist absolutely and positively must, in the midst of this, work himself into a frenzy of pathological deception. Some sparkling wine! How about some sparkling wine!” His eyes glowed suddenly with excitement over this idea. 
“Oh, well I don’t really-“she started, but before she could finish, he was already snapping his fingers and muttering erratically back over his own shoulder at no one in particular. “I mean I used to drink quite a bit, back when I-“ Still paying no attention, the artist’s leg began shaking impatiently on the balls of his toes. To this steady motion, he added a frequent clap of the palm against his thigh as though to signal doubly to all—but mostly to himself—what a busy man he was, and that, by thus having affairs of such pressing import, he should be waited upon but not made to wait by the staff of a ragtag establishment such as this. “My brother Bunnu is not much of a drinker, but still he’s quite young so maybe his palate has not yet refined itself to-“ Didi continued, knowing well that she was being heard, but not listened to, but feeling impelled nonetheless to continue on for some reason she couldn’t quite grasp completely.  Meanwhile, the artist flagged down a waiter—the uneven shouldered younger brother whose left cheek swelled larger than his right—grabbed his elbow and gestured for him to lean closer so that he might whisper in his ear. The boy leaned in and the color immediately seemed to leave his face as his eyes grew deeply confused. “Of course, both my half-fathers have been heavy drinkers, as was my birth mother. I guess for me it comes down to a matter of taste, rather than tolerance. By that I mean-“ The boy departed immediately and came back holding a pair of cymbals. This simple misapprehension of the spirit of the artist’s request evoked sufficient wrath as to cause veins to protrude from the ugly man’s forehead. 
“No, you Sweat Simian!” he growled menacingly, drawing to him a startled stare, punctuated vacuously by the silence of outrage all around. The artist smiled to himself: he enjoyed this frozen moment immensely.  Meanwhile, the boy’s face grew a deep red and he looked down at his feet shamefully. Looking upon his poor disfigured frame, Didi noticed immediately the crooked front teeth which defied the boundaries of his upper lip. The boy probably had no money to see a proper dentist.  He’d probably never been! He must have had great difficulty chewing! Just look how skinny he was!
“Our gracious overlords should never have done away with the caste system,” the artist muttered to himself, catching the eye of a retired soldier of the Republic sitting at a nearby table with his comrades. They were all wearing the old uniforms, which made it easy to tell they were retirees rather than active conscripts. The new uniforms had been all the rage recently, as their colors and aesthetics were the handiwork of a breakthrough fashion designer from Malion City named Antimatter-Persephone. The old one’s by comparison looked baggy, utilitarian and stodgy. Females were not as drawn to the old one’s as they used to be, prompting many old veterans to reenlist for the sole purpose of capitalizing on the chic and attractive lifestyle this new uniform brought with it. The artist, however, held the soldiers and their uniforms—both old and new—with as much disdain as he did the abolition of the caste system. He continued: “All i’s done’s make the worms even soggier! Old Soggers them!”  He pointed whimsically back at the boy whose eyes stared down with stupefaction at his own feet, which managed somehow, judging by his posture, to seem not so low as the rest of him.  His uneven shoulders hung forward and his arms dangled, swaying back and forth hypnotically. His tongue lolled outward from the side of his mouth.
“Thank you so much,” Didi whispered sweetly to the boy, “Very thoughtful of you!”  This gesture by a beauty of such radiance was too much for the boy. He blushed further and averted his eyes sadly. His awkward teeth pressed obliquely to his lower lip, conveying an unimaginable melancholy.
“Why! Ol’ Soggers is embarrassed by his love for you! Omedeto, omedeto! I tip my bald dome! Your compassion is pure malevolence! Sweet excruciation! Capital, fair lady! Capital!”  He began to applaud.
Didi did a good job of ignoring this: “If you’d be so good as to have a seat with us, I might offer you some pastries.” The boy’s inert shame maintained a harsh and uncompromising density: his features hardened like plaster, and he stared lastingly down into the chasm; perched at the very edge of this precipice, his feet simultaneously itched to take the leap and dreaded that moment of impact.  It was Didi’s use of the word “might” that froze him in place; it was too indefinite a word, for it portended the possibility of his not receiving pastries even if he were so “good” (perhaps, in this case, “good” meant “cunning” or “audacious”) as to sit with them. In fact, he did not receive her words as an invitation, so much as a declarative statement. If he were cunning or audacious enough to sit with them, he might receive a pastry. On the other hand, by sitting with them, he might surely cross a line and receive instead a thorough thrashing, or nothing at all. The statement was either a riddle, or a blunt pronouncement of conditional probabilities. That is to say that if he were to sit with them, there was an N-percent chance that this action would be well received and he would be rewarded; on the other hand, there was a 100-minus-N percent chance that this behavior would be received as a breach of propriety. And naturally, such brashness would not go unpunished. Of greater critical significance than these straight probabilities was her intentionality behind saying what she did. Try though he may, he could not assess her intentions: she might have had a predilection for simply stating raw facts; or, she might—another might!—have been posing him a riddle; a third, and most unlikely, “might” was that she was extending him an invitation. This multiplication of might’s and uncertainties was, for him, a weight too ungainly to shoulder. 
Didi watched him carefully, attracted to that beautiful doubt in his eyes. There was a lack of cynicism to it that she adored greatly. The purity and seeming self-effacement of this boy managed to arouse both her pity and her unpronounceable affections. She sighed longingly: if only he were older. If only he could manage to hold on to this meek innocence of his as he aged, but she doubted it would be possible.  She wished suddenly she could shield him from the stink of the world before it soaked through his sacred skins.  What a fine young man he would otherwise be! “Or…if now is not a good time,” she continued, “I would be grateful if you could come back with me and meet my family.”
“Well…oh well!” the artist marveled, looking fondly at this dignified woman before him. It was so rare that the females around him aroused his respect. Of course, those who failed to do so served certain special purposes as well. And yet, at this moment, he found himself craving this woman who would not so easily compromise her self-respect, and who seemed to operate under the peculiar notion that even her lessers deserved their fair share of dignity: a noble sentiment certainly! The proud belle was surely a spirited one: experienced in the ways of the world, not in the least bit naïve, and yet somehow, in her own way, incorruptible in spite of any overtures which, by this point, would otherwise have been made by a lesser man than him. A dark and familiar notion crept into his head briefly, but he did his best to dismiss it. He briefly despised himself for his inability to control his own inclinations, for his tendency to bring ruination upon others, not intentionally, but by dint of his very nature. He had to take control of himself before the momentum of his actions passed beyond the limits of self-restraint. He refused to let himself get carried away again! No, he would absolutely not allow himself to bring ruin to this one!  He allowed a gentle breath of air to fill his lungs. He closed his eyes, while rubbing his palms together: this was a ritual he often performed to calm himself.  When his eyelids opened again, he noticed that both the girl and the boy were watching him expectantly. He drove the sickness from his chest back into the depths of his dark, vast whale belly and he continued, “How compassionate we can be! Listen, Boy! I’ll tell you what! I would gladly have you, if it pleases you naturally, for a dinner party at my humble abode this evening. You must excuse me, I am unsure of the time as yet—admittedly the arrangements have yet to be made—but I should like very much for you to join us!” He turned to Didi, “And, of course, I would be remiss not to invite the darling woman who made us acquaintances.  Miss…?”
“Didi.”
“Je suis enchanté de faire votre connaissance Mademoiselle.”
“And you are…?”
Just then, from the corner of her eye, Didi noticed someone rushing over.  It was Tsien Ruiz Valsan, a two-penny philosopher and the owner of this establishment. Tsien read every book his peasant intellectual friends offered as payment for tea, and had mastered already the skill of showing off his hollow erudition.  “’Yon petals of Summer Tulip greet thine protoplasm in brightest hue just before full bloom…’” he recited carefully as his hands fumbled nervously with his own dishwashing apron, “’…the peaks more disappointing than ascensions. Intensifying juices of bounty give insects hope for better days to come. So, too, go the juicy artifices of human justice!’”  At this, the sighing artist rolled his eyes and applauded and tossed a biscuit into Tsien’s waiting mouth. Upon chewing this morsel with immense satisfaction, Tsien chirped happily, “My best customer! And you, my Summer Tulip, do you, my darling, run little Pablo-8 here through the gauntlet of mad yearning and divine torment? I thank you kindly my dear. Suffering is the eternal guru! Humiliation the remedy to all ails of spirit. One should be a most devout and submissive disciple to both. I only ask that your gestures of kindness be especially back-handed and cruel, and that they evoke the harshest betrayals imaginable.”
“Oh, but that’s not-“
“Surely, the utter pulverization of Self brought forth by your good intentions should serve as a far more effectual spiritual education than your common street shrew can offer the lad!  Saves me a good bit of money, and spares the kid from the inconvenience of venereal infections. Do not entertain for a second, O Summer Tulip, the notion that your maledictions should pass underappreciated.”
“I think maybe you are misunderst-“
“Because they won’t! Well, I must go now. Just wanted to convey my thanks in advance before you crushed his spirit! Thanks thanks thanks! Goodbye!”  And he dashed away immediately.
“He’s a busy man,” said the artist. His gaze fell on the boy again, who looked at Didi with curious, almost pleading eyes. “And remarkably observant. I admire that about him.”
“I’m sorry, you were just about to tell me your name…?” she inquired, now forgetting the pair of eyes at her side that were awaiting her slightest command.
“Oh yes…I…please forgive my rudeness. In all this excitement, I quite forgot!” Tired of waiting, he stood up and leaned over the spread of an adjacent elderly couple, putting one hand out in a gesture of apology while with the other he grabbed a carafe of sparkling wine, which, hoarded and untouched by this silent and solemn pair, had already seemed to lose most of its sparkle. The pair watched him, meanwhile, with astounded expressions, but made no effort to thwart this petty thievery. After the gesture of apology had thoroughly run the length of its course, he used the same hand to swipe the couple’s empty wine cups. He plopped himself back down and filled a cup for Didi first, passing it to her. “To effervescence itself! Salut! My name is Sanchez, my darling!  Perhaps you’ve heard of me.”
“I have indeed!  You’re Sanchez: the mad genius everyone’s been talking about?”  She almost spat out the wine in her excitement. The lack of fizz did not bother her in the least. She found herself suddenly and inexplicably enchanted.
“One and the same!” he said with a wicked smile, his previous vow of self-restraint easily forgotten.
They were suddenly interrupted by the sound of raucous laughter.

II.

Six retired members of the Republic’s heroic 194th Infantry Regiment were already on their tenth round of drinks and the conversation was roaming sloppily from diminishing soil fertility to the rising cost of domestic laborers to the pleasing shape of that woman’s bottom. They giggled now like stupid adolescents.
“Little plump though, ain’t she?” said one.
“Would just like to feel that cushion ‘pon my palms,” said a second.
“Mean your palm?” a third corrected. This brought laughter from the rest and resentment from the One-Armed Man, whose fingers now stroked his arm stump as though to soothe its wounded pride.
“Surprised to hear any wisecracks from you, ‘Mister Why-are-we-here!’” the One-Armed Man retorted finally. This brought louder guffaws from the group.
“’Why are we here? Why are we here?’ A good one that was Ol’ Philosopher!” another added.
“Ol’ Philosopher! Ha ha! That’s even better than—ha ha! Yeah…I like it! Philosopher! Ol’ Philosopher! Always with the questions!”
“Philosopher ain’t never has no answers. Right? Philosopher ain’t never has anything but more questions.”
“’Why are we here? Why are we here?’ Ha ha ha…”
“No soldier ever ask’s ‘imself that one till he’s in a heap of trouble.”
“Oh yeah! Ha ha! People getting blown to bits around ‘im, and yet his eyes still scan the horizons for justice, searching for something he wouldn’t even know the look of if he saw it!”
“Demanding answers from them who hear no questions!”
“It was a tense moment!” Ol’ Philosopher pleaded. “Come now…you can’t tell me at least once on those blasted rooftops, diving and dodging fire amidst the Black Fragments and the gravel for days on end—you can’t tell me that you never even once asked yourself what it’s for!”
“Awww…come on, enough with the whining about Koh Xarbin, Philosopher!”
“Yeah! How many times you gonna bring that up?”
“You’re the ones who brought it up,” Ol’ Philosopher persisted.
“Well…we were just making fun is all. We didn’t mean-“
“Certainly a sore spot for the both of you. Eh?”
“A little more than sore! Ha! ‘is ‘ole arm is still sitting ‘pon one of those rooftops. ‘nless some kid’s nipped it!”
“That’s not fu-“
“Ha ha! I forgot about that. So, you can probably tell us how the weather is there right now, eh?”
“’nless some kid nipped it. Stuck them fingers up some minger’s fat bum!”
“Oho! Ha ha! Oh! That’s rich!”
“Nice, fellas. Nice!”
“No, but seriously…” they calmed down for a second and their features hardened to stone, “How is the relative humidity up there? In the bum ‘at is?”
“Ha ha ha ha!”
“Oh! Ee ‘ad me for a sec!”
“Ha ha…actually, our boys have probably swept away the remaining Scraps by now. Should make for a pretty decent civilian resort. Get some of those native girls with the sugar lumps bringing you drinks.”
“Yeah…could go for a bit o’ that right now.”
“What’re you saying, Dogwart? Didn’t go for much of anything when you had the chance!”
“Bloody hell…I suppose I’ll never live that down.”
“Ha ha…ain’t none of us ever live any damn thing down. You know that!”
They all laughed, amidst the stark, sinking sensation of loneliness.  They had returned home after a couple years at war, and yet they all still felt sick for a home that never was.  They all looked around vainly in the hopes of registering the familiar in a way that could satisfy their appetites for recollection.  Somehow home could not possibly seem more alien.  All the items collected again by the perceptions did not fit together into a recognizable form: they did not at all assemble into a reconstructed moment which could be deemed even vaguely familiar.
“Tell you what though. This town’s not changed a bit!” one spoke flatly.
“Oh! Ya!”
“Funny isn’t it?”
“Really? I think it’s changed quite a bit.”
“Well…yes, of course, in some ways. But not compared to-“
“True, but it’s not an administrative center, and certainly not a major economic hub. Development in the boondocks is always slower. I mean, have you seen Baba City?  Or Karasujima?”
“No.”
“No.  Not recently. Anything like Raita-5?”
“You’ve been to-?”
“No, but just asking.”
“Oh, I’ve been to Karasujima. Place has changed by leaps and bounds. Even the Silicone Palace has been renovated—well, I’m sure you heard how the walls and fixtures had been looted of their precious stones. Still not sure if it was soldiers or palace servants who robbed it.  Anyway, the empty sockets of stripped gem inlay proved to be an embarrassment, so, after the Declaration of Unification was ratified, the Royal Household Agency decided to cement those surfaces over completely, as though the gems were never there.  Rumor has it ol’ Charismatic K had a proper fit about that, but the decision was out of his hands. He was already on his way to you-know-where! Ha! Anyway, other than that, lots of advancement in the city center, as well as along the main avenues. Roads are wider and smoother. Number of taxi companies have increased tenfold. Lower castes are now finally allowed as passengers in stagecoaches. They built a new train station uptown, even bigger than Gaurav Central, so now the capacity is sufficient for hourly trains coming into and going out of the city.  Incredible changes in communications and utilities infrastructure too, but that area has always had a lot more money flowing in and out of it.  Lots of old Algorithmist wealth in that town. I heard recently that ethnic Gautaman merchants are having their houses raided in the middle of the night and their assets seized and redistributed. Then, off to the internment camps with them! There was some backlash at first, but anyone can plainly see it’s good for the economy, and for security. Don’t know who’s in cahoots with whom after all.  Heard there’s even talks in the City Council about outlawing vagrancy in order to rid the town of its indigent leeches. Need a bit of that here, yeah? What’s Baba City like?”
“Compared to Bahlia? Like another country totally. Doesn’t sound too different from Karasujima though.  Larger disparity in wealth though. Much larger!”
“Think this place will ever catch up?”
“I hope some things about it do, but I like that Bahlia’s kept its quaintness.  People here are still a bit more personable.”
“Quaintness?”
“Well, I mean-“
“I know what you mean, but—what’s so funny?“
“Nothing. Just admiring those quaint old smoke stacks over yonder.”
“Ha ha! Wonder what they make there anyway? Lot of smoke.”
“Dunno. Hangs in the air more with all this humidity though. Hate what it does to the air!”
“Humidity? This is nothing!”
“Well, of course, compared to-“
“As for me, I’d like to try out that new civilian resort out in Koh Xarbin!”
“Don’t remind me of that place.”
“You sure they’ve got proper resorts now? What about the insurgency?”
“Don’t you know anything? New bloke running the show there. A friendly. President Barnacles or something like that!”
“Ah! Another hand-picked one, eh?”
“Yeah…just hope he can control that army. Lot of loose cannons among that lot. Literally and figuratively! No discipline whatsoever!”
“I’m surprised they won’t just disband their military.”
“If they do that, the situation quickly deteriorates to Us versus Them.  It’s best to keep some semblance of the old structures in place. Shows them we helped them oust a tyrant and nothing more.”
“Right…well, I dunno. All this business is beyond me. I’m not the sort to ask questions I ain’t got no business asking.”
“Duty is duty. Dharma is unquestionable.”
“But what if our dharma was unmitigated nonsense?”
“Again with the questions?”
“No, but seriously.  The soldier to be feared most is the one who takes his duties as an arm of moral righteousness, who accepts all natures of nonsense with ardent faith, who balks at invoking his own reason out of a sense of inferiority to what he perceives to be superior reason: one which determines by physical violence, or threats thereof, what is to be declared just, as well as how and when it is to be applied and further apportioned to the masses. What if it’s all nonsense? What if there is no justice in our actions?”
“Well, then who’s to declare it nonsense anyway? Even nonsense has to be reasoned as nonsense.  It’s all a matter of perspective. Foot soldiers do not have the luxury to reason, only to follow through. The tides do not question the whims of the sea!”
“Philosopher. Just going to say this once: if you’re one of those Anti-Republic blowhards, I want you to tell me now. I’ll cut your eyes out right here at this table!”
“I’ll have your tongue. That way no more questions.  If you sympathize with the Wogs, you don’t belong in the corps.  You’re a traitor to your own and I’ll be happy to aid in your execution!”
“I’ll cut off your ears and stick my sausage in the sockets. You can listen to the sound of me spraying your brain with jizz and think to yourself all the while what it is to be a man.”
“If you’ve no belief that all for which we’d fought and suffered is just, I’ll show you what real justice is.  I’ll show you how swift and decisive it can be.”
“And how divine! Don’t forget divine.”
“Yes. Divine as well!”
Enraged, Ol’ Philosopher slammed his fist on the table, causing his mug and plate to fall and shatter at his feet. This brought more laughs from his comrades. “Oh…we ‘ad ‘im! Ha ha! Ee was ready to slit your throat!”
“Had my pistol out of its holster. Thought it was gonna be-“
“Why’d you bring your pistol?”
“Well, can’t be too careful. I still have nightmares ‘bout that place. What’s it-?”
“Rubber Stamp!”
“Right! Rubber Stamp. That place. Spend a few weeks shitting our pants on those rooftops and the first night we have to get cleaned up and obliterated-“
“Ha ha! What was the mantra again? 
“‘A little Stimulant, a little Starveling, a little Sturm und Drang!’”
“Ha ha! Brilliant!”
“Enough about this guys!”
“Sturm und Drang! Good one! How could I have let that get away from me?”
“Shut up about that place! I’m warning-“
“Little too much stimulant maybe!”
“PLEASE!”
“What was that stuff anyway? Powerful!”
“Can’t remember. Had a hell of a time the next day.”
“Well, at least you didn’t get into that tangle with the hostiles. Shot scorpions from their arseholes. ‘least I hope those were scorpions! Caught Barnabas and Harish: made them carve each other up.”
“Ouch. Glad we got separated then. Can’t imagine what would have happened had I been there.”
“Knowing your temper, you would have just pissed on the fire. Made things worse.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean!” he drove a knife into the wood of the table with a hint of comedy. His eyes were cold and serious.
“Cool it, Private Rage! We’re far from the sultry heat of that place now. Enjoy the nice Bahlian breeze. No need to hot up in this setting!”
Private Rage looked around him, remembering he was in a café. He sank back in his chair, his tensed muscles relaxed. Veins in his throat subsided. “Nice to be back, eh?”
“Changed a lot though,” Dogwart said, rehashing their previous topic.
“At least there’s no shooting.”
“True. Pretty quiet in comparison to the other areas. Wonder why.”
“Asking ‘why’ again, are we?”
“Piss off!”
“So, how’d that night end for you anyway? Sturm und Drang?”
“Right. So, after we got separated-“
“I SAID ‘ENOUGH!’” Ol’ Philosopher roared, sweeping all the dishes off the table, causing some to clear the adjacent iron fence to shatter on the sidewalk at the feet of two shivering sewer children who held out their pox sore-riddled hands to ask for alms from passersby. Flippy “Floppy Eyelid” Schuster screamed and jumped to her feet out of fright. The high-pitched pierce of her shriek was enough to give way to a stunned silence from all around. All eyes fell upon the soldier’s table.  “WHAT?” Ol’ Philosopher roared in response to the stares of the café’s patrons. “You send me out to the darkest pits of depravity to keep it all at the fringes! To keep it all away from you, so you can sit here and drink your coffees and your wines and eat your pastries! And how are we treated on our return? As bad as those pox-ridden street rats!”
“He’s had a rough week,” One-armed man whispered to Private Rage, who was himself taking no note of this explanation, but instead nodding in affirmation at what the Philosopher was saying. 
“But that’s fine everyone!” Ol’ Philosopher continued, “Enjoy the imported cheeses. Have a slice for me!  For the sake of your gluttony, I shall lay down my life. Even in absurdity, duty remains duty. The dharma which begets decadence is, nonetheless, dharma.  Anyway, our laments are of no concern to you.” He stood up with his arms outstretched and spoke bitterly through his teeth: “Have some sparkling wine!”
“Some more wine please!” a high-spirited voice behind him said commandingly to the waitstaff. It was difficult to tell whether or not the man who said this had heard the Philosopher’s rant. “Really made short work of that first carafe,” the man said to his companion.  She giggled happily.
Other customers followed suit. They were thankful to the ex-soldier for mentioning the imported cheeses. They had not noticed these were on the menu. They would most certainly taste delicious with the wines!
Ol’ Philosopher sat down again.
“Good on you!” Private Rage commended him.
“No luck with the bank then?” One-Armed Man inquired.
“Auction’s on the morrow.”
“Auction?”
“They’re auctioning off his house. Foreclosed while we were stuck on Koh Xarbin!”
“Is that legal?”
“Anything’s legal where banks are concerned.”
“Reminds me of that saying: ‘Banking establishments are more dangerous to individual liberties and entitlements than standing armies.’”
“Who said that?”
“That guy. Y’know…the one people quote all the time.”
“Ah…yes. Him! So, what’s the plan, friend?”
“Well, what the hell am I supposed to do? As of tomorrow, I’ll be homeless.”
“But they already have the house. Yes? Where’ve you been staying?”
“Flophouse owned by Madame Ruma. Few blocks down the alley past the Kaiiban Historical Society National Archives.”
“Didn’t that burn-?”
“The new one.”
“There’s a new one? Forget I asked. Anyway, but what about your wife? And your son…uh…what’s’is—Balloono! What about li’l Balloono!”
“Piotr.”
“What about li’l Piotr?”
“Y’mean you didn’t tell him?”
“Tell me what?”
“When could I possibly-?”
“What??”
“They’re staying with her sister. For a little while.”
“You mean—but…I…”
“A temporary situation. I assure you!”
“Well…naturally!”
“If anyone knows how to control his woman, it’s you!”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Nothing, pal!” He clapped Ol’ Philosopher on the shoulder with his good arm. “Just saying you’ll have the situation back in order in no time.”
“You didn’t tell me about this either, brother,” Dogwart interposed, “Why didn’t you mentio-“
“I didn’t want to make a big thing out of-“
“Well, you shouldn’t be staying at some old rat-infested shack when you could be staying at my rat-infested shack! Have a spare mat in the closet you can lay out in the corner. You’re welcome to stay as long as-“
“Nah! I’ll be OK. Just a temporary situation as I said.”
“Right. Well…let me know.”
“Not to piss on the flames any further, but have you heard they’re slashing benefits again?”
“You’re kidding.”
“Where’d you hear that?”
“Well, of course, it’s not being announced officially. I hear they’re tacking on a Veteran’s Tax to our pension payments.  Not sure how much though.”
“Why would they-“
“Because we’re deadwood we are!”
“It must be a plot to drive reenlistments.”
“Could be.”
“But then, what about the wounded vets. We just have to pay the tax?”
“Dunno. But I think you’re right, Sugriva. I think it’s about reenlistments. They need everyone they can get right now. They’re pretty hard up with that campaign against the Gautamans. Last month brought record casualties.”
“So…what’d you reckon I should do if I wanted to reenlist?”
“Do you actually want to?”
“I dunno. Just curious. Would they let me back in?”
“You might want to stop by the Veteran’s Hospital. But the waiting times are ludicrous. Tell you what: try out the Kumbhakarna Algorithmist Hospital.”
“Where’s that?”
“In New Kishkindha. You can get there in half a day, I’d say. A friend of mine said they have an expert there on Transradial Prosthesis.”
“Well now!” Ol’ Philosopher remarked at this, “Hope yet for cripples like you!”
“Hope for you as well, my destitute compadre!”
“But you boys must be joking!” Sugriva interjected. “We’re only three months back and you’re already talking about-“
“Well…no one’s made up his mind about anything just yet. Just want to know our options.”
“Yeah…I mean would it hurt to drop by the old recruiting office and see what’s what?”
“But we’re missing a crucial point, aren’t we?” Sugriva insisted, “Once we retire, we’re fucked!”
“If we retire…” Dogwart corrected. 
“Listen guys…I don’t know about you, but I’ve been incredibly bored. I’ve been looking forward to this reunion for two weeks. Nothing else to do with my time but stare out the bloody window. Otherwise, I’m just depressed most of the time, staring at my arm idly everyday, trying to think of ways I can otherwise be useful.  The hardest part is not knowing what to do, not having a C.O. around to tell me what’s expected of me.  Maybe I got too accustomed to-”
“Yes…but I mean, what about this? The fresh Bahlian air?  Just breathe it! I mean, really! Open your mouth, override the involuntary controls of your lungs and breathe conscious of the very fact of breathing! My friends, we’re home again!”
“Home indeed! If there’s any time to ask ourselves ‘Why are we here,’ it’s now! This reality doesn’t make sense to me anymore. Might sound odd, but a part of me misses it.”
“So, we’ve found an answer then.”
“Answer?”
“To the question.”
“What ques-“
“’Why are we here?’”
“Well…then, why are we?”
“To serve!”

III.

Sanchez was watching the retired soldiers from his table. “Wearing those old uniforms even after retirement!” he snorted loudly. “An implement never ceases to be an implement.” The one-armed retiree occasionally broke away from the group to make eye contact with him, but remained, in spite of it, just as much a part of the drunken revelry as the others. “I think one of them recognizes me.”
“One of who?”
“One of them,” he motioned discreetly with his chin. Didi turned around and all the men’s eyes fell on her immediately. One of them leaned forward and whispered something, bringing an eruption of guffaws from the rest. 
“OK.”
“Must really chap their arses to see me sitting here and enjoying myself with a beautiful woman like you.” Sanchez now had two hands folded across one another over top the head of a walking stick. Didi had failed to notice the stick before and couldn’t help wondering if it suddenly materialized in his hands out of nowhere. She briefly wondered how old Sanchez was. His tanned skin was all folds and creases, riddled with moles and bright-colored craters. Whatever his age, he certainly did not look healthy. They were already finishing their second carafe of wine. She had only taken a couple sips: enough to make her head spin, but he had managed to drink everything else on his own.  The flush in his cheeks conveyed to her that he did not have a very high tolerance to alcohol either, but was accustomed to pushing himself to his limits nonetheless.
“What do you mean?”
“Well…they must have been under orders at some point to tail me and report on my activities. Although, I’m not sure they’d give a mission like that to just any low-level grunt.”
“Tail you?”
“Well…surely you’ve heard! No? Oh…I thought it was known all over town. So, apparently I’ve been on a ‘Persons of Interest’ watchlist for quite some time now. ‘Persons of Interest’ is just obfuscatory nomenclature for ‘Potential Threat.’”
“What?”
“Well…yes. Seriously? You’ve never heard?” 
“I’ve only been in Bahlia for two years.”
“Must’ve lived in a cave before that,” he said rolling his eyes, “Big news all over Kaiiba. They say once you make the list, you’re a stone’s throw away from being declared an Enemy of the State. Next comes execution.”
“Goodness!”
“’Goodness!’ she says,” he was beginning to slur his words. He cackled, “To themmm I’manythin’ bu’tha’. Tothemmm I’hafa ker-rodin anfluunss onda valyuuz ‘f da Publi’!” 
“Corroding influence—but whatever for?”
His enunciation suddenly became clear again.  His words came out with great precision: “I do not know quite where it all started. They first might have taken notice of me with all that hullaballoo in the papers surrounding ‘Pissy Insurgent.’ If I am making them angry, I say ‘Fine!’ Not my fault they cannot step outside of themselves. I think the piece especially drew the ire of the Army of the Republic. You’ve seen the piece, yes?”
“Er…well. No.”
“Darling, remind me to acquaint you with the world. Later! OK…well, ‘Pissy Insurgent’ was a mural I did on the wall of the Ryunosuke South Terminal—good god, Woman! Do you ever take the train?”
“Sorry.”
“Forget about it. Anyway, the mural depicted six soldiers no different from those gents over there urinating on the corpses of dead children in a schoolyard.”
Didi shuddered at this.
“Yes…I know what you are thinking. A bit excessive, isn’t it? Too hyperbolic! My response to that is that we are far too insulated from the true horrors of war. If people would prefer to bury their heads in the sand, that is not my fault!  We place so many expectations on the world, but we do not wish to acknowledge the atrocities that inevitably lie on the path to their realization. ”
“You mean this actually happened?”
“Well…not quite. But if you saw the painting, you might be able to guess that it was inspired by the Massacre at R. Anterior.”
“Oh.”
“War is more a fool’s venture than a hero’s enterprise, yes.”
“So, the military’s been trailing you ever since?”
“I have it on good authority. Yes.”
“Oh, but why would they-“
“The military? Oh, you know these people with their grudges,” he said beaming. This was one of his favorite topics of conversation. “Well…it’s a small price to pay for making a stand and saying the things that need to be said.”
“What sorts of things are those?”
“Never you mind, Sweets. Now drink up! There’s a dress I’d like you to try on for this evening.”

IV.

The next several hours arrived in a blur of disjointed impressions, sensations, and scents. Swarms of green moth shivered, the lamina of their wings bearing dew in the swirling fog, their brush slicking the skin in a glaze of grease.  Spindly fibers carpeted the green spongy path which frayed outward unevenly, run across by fell trunks, creaking somehow without movement, showing their immoderate age in the recesses of shadows merged with coming dusk light, nesting in their hollows the corpses of an extinct civilization of mango toads whose poisonous skin secretions dwindled their own numbers quite effectively before their predators had a chance at them: a most determined defense against predation if ever there was one. Trees were salivating: from every bough, long strands of liquid dripped, along every stalk transparent beads flicked out and stopped and jumped and flicked out again.   Interrupting the spongy bright green carpet in patches were what looked like tar puddles.  In fact, these were pits of great blackness: although they looked liquid, it was actually incredibly difficult to determine of what substance they were composed, for they were an onyx to be avoided.  Even the slightest stumble into the proximity of its boundaries was said to be disturbance enough for a plunge into a mind-shaft of depraved darkness. Rumors persisted that the blackness below trapped the memories of distant past, much like the Lost Coral Caverns had once similarly done before being devoured under the wavecrest of bubbling rock and mountain. The ground trembled briefly as though to remind of the inconstancy that persisted. Ground mites moved flecks and granules from the ruins of an anthill, pushing them onward to assemble new structures: this rubble of vanquished ages had seen the fires of creation and destruction but spoke no longer to their carriers of the inevitable.
A great white froth bubbled violently over the turgid water below.  Didi had reached the edge of a vast basin.  Her feet, now bare, haggled with the haggard faces of rocks with noses which mangled arches for leverage, her toes downturned as if grasping this grating skeleton of terrain. Head hanging over and arms spread wide, fanning upwards, then down as though to uncover some arcane juxtaposition at which balance could be achieved.  Her eyes fell on blue hair that grew downward and perpetually from the lip of the canyon.  A herd of strange cattle bleated from a distance across the basin.  Of course these unidentifiable creatures could not be seen, nonetheless, it was difficult not to look at the endless mounds of green treetops across the basin, which repeated uniformly like dunes of deep green sand.  A yellow and blue painted firetower grew out of the sands, an unlikely spineless cactus skeleton riddled with emptiness.  Far in the distance beyond, a rock formation reached out of the green sands in all directions like a claw at the sky amidst a howl of beastly desperation. The rock was of a fiery red, though it was difficult to determine if this was its natural color, for even from this distance it was easy to make out the painted gang symbols that sullied its frantic fingers. Atop platforms of rocks, orange maggots looked from a distance to lounge and perch and crisscross; they seemed feline and possibly even vicious—was it redundant to use this adjective in the characterization of anything feline?—though from this distance it was difficult to determine much else about their nature, to say nothing of their level of ferocity.  This dearth of critical information brought bound with it further a similar dearth of insight as to their intentions.  And so, they were to be left to their own devices, until they ventured from that distant rock into her proximity. 
Jutting crags lined the basin to jostle the river hundreds of meters below. Tiny brown cylinders floated amidst the white foam, smacking lengthwise occasionally against the rough inlets, the force of the current sometimes pulling them upright until they became again trees standing perpendicular in the shifting soil of blue and green.  Floating and curling in with the skin of white froth mixed an invading skin of turquoise and red which was not an unusual sight in the summer season.  Black dots emerged momentarily and disappeared over the water’s skin like split-second moles vaporizing inward upon themselves at the wane of their own self-confidence. A seeming systematic pattern of emergence and retractions of black rippled across the skin, fighting the currents, often even skirmishing with one another to gain enough sustenance for the upcoming migration. A commanding squawk tore then through the skies and the rippling stopped moments before a squadron of blue winged predators swooped down to either swallow the black dots whole, or clamp upon flailing tails to drag them to the nearest bough, where sharp mouth implements should further reduce them to soft prickly fragments.  This continued several times over, though the older of the flock, having sated themselves sufficiently, perched upon branches sprouting from the muddy inclined embankments, obliged to watch the younger and stronger members relish in the thrill of dominance that nature would ephemerally grant them until their talons, too, encircled the bark, gently impelling them with a sweep of unaccountable fatigue to watch their energized successors. 
“Wog woggo gowwie wog,” was the chant emerging from between massive fronds of the tall trees surrounding her. High limbs wriggled up and down with the jumps of shoals of brown midget hominidal primates. There was one eager face unobscured by shadows: he bounced with purpose on a thick branch whilst his arm remained firmly wrapped about the thin top of the trunk, his dome hairless, his visage oddly obliging and doughy, hair sprouting like straw from the middle of his forehead, but also from the sides and back of his long cranium lending to him that air of distinction reserved otherwise for academicians and magistrates, his round belly and posterior of equal dimension giving curvature to his stocky frame, molding a Cro-Magnon aristocrat from a australopithecine magistrate and vice versa—oscillating between these two extremes according to however one wished to see him in that given moment—though there could be no doubt that the force of savagery he wielded in his fierce movements argued incontrovertibly for the benefit of neither extreme and to the contrary of both. She remembered someone behind her back whispering something about the Marshland Organizers, but this was a ludicrous assumption, and anyway the latest news was they were no longer in the confines of Bahlia! Were they? Wait a second! How many people were with her right now? The breath left her body and she deflated completely until she fell again to her knees.  A silence fell over the group as calloused hands gripped her armpits and restored her through a series of stern, stuttered, stilted drags to a posture of reasonable balance on her own two feet.  Nothing was said and though her head fell forward until she was staring at her own bosom, she understood she was expected to carry on forward nonetheless.  Her feet dragged over the rock and she could see make out in the light passing between foliage the mix of dried rock dust encrusting her skin, pushed over by crimson rivers of blood deluging spraying sands.  Shimmers of white scrambled back and forth over the ground and she could hear the summer wind speaking, she had not heard the wind speak in the light of day since before the rainy season. At this elevation—if, in fact, this negligible distance upward could be referred to as elevation—the air felt crisp and without the humidity of the town, assuming, of course, her perceptions were to be trusted.  It was difficult to say whether or not they were: she could hear her own heart pounding in her ears. A tightness had grown in her chest cavity; upon holding a sweaty palm against it, she found herself overwhelmed by the brief realization that this receptacle was too small for the intensity of the heart that beat within.  She could imagine the heat of friction caused by the endless rubbing of the chambers of a heart against the cavity enclosing them. Perhaps, this was a congenital condition of which she had been unaware until this very moment. Naturally, her limits were being tested by the volume of alcohol imbibed in parallel with the vigor of this trek they were now undertaking through—where the devil were they?
An image of their passing through the gates returned to her mind. She remembered the strange concentric ring designs upon the grayed marble of the city walls. She remembered wondering what made those rings and then she imagined that the rock comprising the walls had once been liquid in texture and composition or perhaps even gaseous: an unstable organism which oscillated between states of matter, flowing once libidinously in rivers, slowing in turn to bored stagnancy in swamps and evaporating by-and-by with the final impotence of white powdery fogs which permeated other lifeforms who, quite unlike her, could exist comfortably in such conditions.  The rivers had, in such an age, flowed with limestone and the world had teemed with forms that proliferated in hotter temperatures than the current forms occupying this planet. There was an ice age and everything froze over, some of the living matter came to be encased in stone that could never be melted. Those concentric rings she had seen: those had been the cross-section of a tree that had frozen laterally into the marble.  It was up to the sculptors of the world now to free the trees and all other forms of their marble prisons, but of course, the tree would never live again, so this gesture of charity could only be self-serving for the artist—not so fulfilling for the tree! She remembered thinking this when looking upon the city walls. But wait! Had that actually happened? Maybe it hadn’t. Now that she thought about it, she distinctly remembered that not having happened. She hadn’t left the city limits of Bahlia yet. There was no way they could have come this far on foot!  She wanted to know who made up the rest of the people constituting they, but with her vision blurred and the light of day diminishing, the circumstances did not seem optimal for any such determinations to be made. On top of this, for some reason, they made her walk in front of them, as though she were a captive of some kind. 
Was she?
Another image came to her head: half a house still standing as a cross-section at the top of a cliff, the other half down below in a ravine. Was this seen or imagined? Details stuck in her head. The shingles had jutted outward from the roof of the half on top, drooping downward in the direction of the surface that had once supported them, which lay below now in a half-wreck. A half-wreck was a reasonable assessment of it, for the half-house at the bottom of the ravine, even when seen from her vantage point—assuming it was seen, and not imagined—had the look of an ancient ruin, which was to say that it still stood unevenly over soft clay, warped limbs and boughs and fissile shale as a basic representation of its previous structure, and yet taken in comparison with its superior on the cliff-top above, it had the look of relentless degeneration, as though it devolved with each passing second to greater crudeness—a shameful splinter of that dying vestige of honorable architecture it once bespoke: a simple dwelling it had been, most surely, but now, at best, it looked a pile of shards to be defecated upon from on high.
Her feet reached a terrace, and she felt nudges at her back even still.  The craggy rocks below salivated in strands of white syrup; her fate would surely be to slake this momentary appetite and to be thereafter forgotten in favor of future morsels. She half-turned ready to argue that she was not yet ready to resign herself to being the repast of such a ravenous, absent-minded carnivore, but then she beheld briefly the grinning face of Sanchez and was infected immediately by a strange compulsion to devour razor blades: they did not have to be razor blades specifically; anything sharp would have done so long as it was of reasonable sharpness, dimension and serration (although this third point was not so much a priority as a preference) to fit into the vacant sheath that awaited in the pit of her stomach. Sanchez’s saturnine smirk shook the rest of his face with impatient mockery of this foolish girl who questioned him.  The smirk vanished as he pointed grimly past her. The other blobs and shadows behind him—she couldn’t make out how many—went on blathering in strange tongues. The urgency of her need to feel the sharp points of razors—tearing through esophageal tissue on their way down to perforating the lining of her bowels to induce sepsis—vanished, but she could still detect this strange compulsion lingering inside of her as she turned back around to spy a tenuous footpath leading down along the rocks on the left.  She had been expecting a plunge to her death, but now felt oddly embarrassed for having thought so. She misjudged their intentions: she now found herself oddly disappointed by this new revelation, though she couldn’t understand why. 
The path at the edge of the basin was a disappointing concession which led a little way along the rocks of the cliffside.  At times, her head swept up and she felt the crown against rocks interrupted by hanging grasses, her arms outspread, she stretched her left foot, pushing down upon the heel to drag the right across, continuing this careful motion until the path widened again. A couple times, she grew dizzy and a hand grasped her shoulder firmly and she could feel the weight of her body, imagining all the while the incredible force it would make upon impact with the rocks below. Just how much pain would that be? Would it be a glorious pain, more glorious than the destiny that otherwise awaited should she not give herself over to it? Would she feel it? Right now, her arms and legs were bleeding, but she felt almost no pain.  What was it that made pain retract for a short time and reveal itself again later? Was the intensity of pain from the moment of birth the same as the intensity which persisted throughout one’s life, only varying itself from moment to moment according to how much one was capable of being aware of it biochemically at any given time? She felt blossoming within her this new and bizarre need to explore unpleasant sensations.  She imagined her nerves, thinking it arbitrary that one stimulus should be responded to as pleasing, whilst another deplorable. What separated those response patterns? Was it stimulus-dependent, or was it as arbitrary as the stimuli of dreams, present only in an illusory fashion? Could pleasure be the offspring of pain? Was despair a constellation that mirrored cosmic elation, the parallax between: their oscillating separation? Absorbed in this thought, she felt herself drifting away, her physicality molding to and hardening with the rock. Her eyes opened with a start as someone spoke with a loud, angry intonation in a language she couldn’t understand and she heard a familiar voice reply with a similarly aggressive tone.  The latter she knew was that artist fellow: Sanchez. She did not know the other voice. The sky filled with childish cachinnations. She now found it silly that she was spread eagle upon a rock face, looking bleakly down at the threat of demise from the slightest misstep, all for the sake of this strange doughy creature who said unpleasant things and carried himself so haughtily.  She laughed stupidly for a moment, but this made her legs give out and she almost fell forward and down into a ravine when suddenly a strong hand gripped her elbow and pulled her back to the reasonable safety of the rock trail.
After this came a gap of consciousness, and she found herself transported suddenly from the path along the basin to a level area deep in the woods. This revitalized awareness came to her when she was trudging clumsily through tall grass stalks and over dead branches. Her surroundings were deprived of light, though she sensed it somewhere above beyond those leaves, like on an overcast day when one remembered that the light still persisted beyond the dark clouds. The waters were now distant. There were no longer traces of that compulsion to do harm to herself. She understood nothing of why it had been there, or how it had left so suddenly.  Now there were sensations in the darkness. Three fingers at her back impelling her onward, she felt the whisk of stalks and creepers upon her arms and legs.  Brush bristled over her wounds.
They came upon a petrified creature with hundreds of legs splayed out in every direction. “What a convenience!” one of them said with an accent. It was different from Sanchez’s accent. Did Sanchez have an accent? Where were they going? The petrified beast giggled as she crossed over his skin. He was lying upon what she presumed to be his back, though it was impossible to tell in this darkness. She put her arms around something upright, hard, but of fleshy consistency and the giggling became moaning. She said something to reprimand the lecherous animal, but forgot each word that left her mouth, thus rendering her incapable of continuing the sentence any further onward than where she had left off with the previous word. To the best of her knowledge, she simply repeated the word ‘you’ again and again, causing it to come out as “You…you…you…you…” Of course, this did little to stop the moaning.  She reached the end of beast and climbed down to realize that they had just traversed a body of water across which he had been lying.  She began to whisper into his ear, but again, the effort was futile.  “He cannot respond. He is infirm,” a voice said, and they continued. 
The ground became soft, and she could feel leaves crunching below her feet. They began to ascend an incline and she could see the lights of two lanterns up above interrupting the darkness.  Framing it was a simple structure with straight lines and right angles, which immediately rendered it out of place with the surrounding wilderness. It looked like the entrance to a small rectangular building.  It was difficult to see the edges completely because of the hanging branches and leaves which seemed to interrupt her line of sight.  They reached a steep granular face composed of soil, rock and stems of strong tensility.  She felt her dress dragging over mud and briefly wondered if anyone could see her panties from below, but quickly dismissed this thought as she swung her arm up and hauled forward with the strength of her shoulders. Loose granules trickled over the backs of her fingers, gliding over her knuckles; some sprayed and settled into invisible craters in pore-riddled epidermis, adhering to these surfaces in spite of the slickness of sweat. Her foot swung into a deep cleft between two rocks, swung in too far, for when she pulled herself forward, the stuck foot slipped inward producing a palpable snap.  She howled at this: not from the pain, but from the thought that she should. She felt no pain, but a throbbing warmth growing, along with a dulling of movement in that region of her body. Using her arm strength and the remaining good leg, she heaved forward to the top, where the lanterns rested, to find not the entrance to a building, but rather an old iron gate with two upstanding columns with a third balanced at their tops, parallel with the ground.  Lanterns hung alight from each column.  But who lit them?
Migrant synesthetic modalities pierced darkness to register their arrival with heretofore unacknowledged reception clerks languishing hitherto in stuffy, skeletal offices; simultaneously, a distinct new awareness crept past the boundaries, sweeping all it encountered along the way into a portal of new dimension; orienting previously disconnected layers of reality into untold juxtapositions; extricating from the bounds of practicality, by union of twisted planes, a heretofore unrealized prospect of multi-verse which threw everything she’d ever known or surmised into immediate catastrophe of dissociation. The gustatory activation upon her tongue of air she’d thought she’d known brought with it strange sights and textures, to say nothing of that shiver of fright which rippled up her spine. Who was she now? Had she changed upon traversing this seeming gate to nowhere? Had she entered another realm by which self-perception held fast to itself an unflagging suspicion of its inevitable duplicity? Would she forever doubt every aspect of every sensory perception she acquired at every waking moment of every day? Who could abide such sweet and endless agony?  She wondered momentarily if her mind’s data acquisition receptors had grown more keen and into closer mathematical increments to the stimuli of her surrounding reality: this was a silly and self-serving sentiment to say the least; in addition, she intuited that the storage capabilities and reasoning faculties of her mind had suddenly upgraded themselves. Her mind now seemed to trap every sensation, smell, sight, and sound around her—were these naturally occurring or originating illusively, along with her physical form and with all forms surrounding her, only in the mind itself?— and to emblazon them with indisputable fidelity into the memory. In conjunction with these emblazonings were those of a host of other stimulus modalities for which she had no language, but whose input nevertheless lent greater gravity to every aspect of her surroundings.  Of course, coming encoded with these, too, was an enhanced understanding for the capacity of sensory deception, leading her to wonder momentarily if she was any more attuned to the minute facets of her surroundings than she had previously been; or if, on the other hand, she had veered even further from the Mark—if, indeed, a Mark could be said to exist, to speak not of the objective reality it demarcated, for certainly it seemed specious to assume that any aspirations in approaching objectivity could yield anything more than a series of hollow, arbitrary sophisms ascribed in place of vanity.
Shadows of trees and hanging vines and coverts revealed themselves in a faint light that gave, in its corona, silhouette to a hilltop above. She felt fingers at her back again and her feet led her up the trail.  In spite of the acute nature of her awareness, she stumbled forward, helpless to do anything about the clumsiness of her drunken limbs.  It dawned on her that perhaps her judgment was impaired. It was rare for her to contemplate judgment with respect to her perceptions: it was dreadfully easy to declare the former an unassailable fortification of conscious rectitude, while reproving the latter for being so otherwise vulnerable to that deceit which sprung forth as might a projectile upon the frail, tremulous subconscious; when, in fact, the integrity of the latter was often most contingent upon a certain critical intactness on the part of the former.  
She crested the hill and saw the trail open up and the trees with it. Her logic gave way to desire as the sunlight blinded her. It was still late afternoon, perhaps early evening at her best estimate. She forgot how long indeed these summer days could be. The overhanging trees had been a crude deception and somehow she had allowed herself to abide by it.  
She felt a hand stroke her neck and her breath faltered with ecstasy. She wanted very much to be held intimately and to realize the intense rapture whose echo from every horizon was far too much for her to bear.  The trail opened up to a sunny plateau.  There was an assortment of tents and shacks interspersed all about, but they did not interrupt the plain so much as they infringed upon its nature.  Fingers from behind stroked the bottom of her chin and she exhaled, lifting back her head.  There was a sweet scent in the air which made her feel light. She did not know what it was. From somewhere came the sound of a light-hearted titter. The hand cupped her chin and the sound of breathing approached the side of her head. She heard a whisper in her ear.
“Did you know, my darling, that all of Kaiiba rests in a huge crater made by the impact of an asteroid 865,000 years ago?  You probably did not know that, because you have never ventured outside the country. Even at our steepest ascent, we are still very much at the pit of the crater. Our highlands are their lowlands.  A shock it most certainly was to many of our soldiers who were conscripted in the Army of the Republic and transported by train, cable car, and ship to distant lands.  They had a difficult time adjusting to the climes of other biomes of different altitudes.  Of course, the greatest shock was of learning that they were known as the People of the Bedrock. Kaiiba—the backwards land that it was and the steaming prehistoric crater it occupied—was a land of primitives and lesser beasts.  That was the image and I can’t say it was wrong to think so.  Evolutionary biologists have determined that there are certain genes that Kaiibans hold in common with the migrant ancestors of humans from other countries. It seems you lot have been frozen in time and never realized it.  This area here was once a waste receptacle for the ancestors of the modern Kaiiban.  If you take some time to do some serious excavation of these plains—and believe me, I know people who have!—you would find the most interesting items, once regarded as trash.  It seems that the Paleolithic Kaiiban contended with no dearth of self-consciousness.  Most likely its visionaries were chastised relentlessly for their ideas and inventions which could have brought on our current level of industrial development hundreds of thousands of years earlier, but which inevitably found their way to the trash heap, unimplemented, underdeveloped and hidden from future generations.  You see, the greatest tragedy is when the seed of a revolutionary idea gets quashed by the comforting drives of constancy. Nothing ever starts out ready for the world.  First, it must come into existence, take its first breath of air and put itself out there for all to see, and for all to get accustomed.  By the end of its second breath, it must succeed in transforming itself and all who have come to know it. Some of the greatest ideas ever conceived, unfortunately, never make it that far.  I submit to you that the greatest fault for this lies with no one else but with him who selflessly labored towards its conception, but who selfishly faltered in its defense.
“Spurious accounts on the part of the Republic’s so-called historians would have you think that the invasions of the tribal civilizations which proliferated along the River Fa and near the ancient city of Zanskar were actually attempts by the roving Larnak hordes to assert domination before the advancing technology of these tribes gave way to more effective weaponry of resistance. They say that the technology lost by dint of this unfortunate military strategy plunged the region into a Dark Age lasting more than 80,000 years. Do not get me wrong: it’s a lovely sentiment, but it would be silly to assume that roving hordes know anything beyond their own appetites. I, for one, am an expert on appetites, and I can recognize their presence immediately in another. That said: do not for even a brief moment consider any notion that espouses that the current military campaigns of the Republic are motivated by calculated reasoning and logical rationalization. No, my darling, every war, since Time Immemorial, has been a duel of conflicting appetites. Some beasts are larger; some are bearers of a vast appetite which can never be sated.  I am a beast with vast appetites, as well, but never would I dream of rationalizing them!”
She swatted away the speaker as though he were a minor insect buzzing in her ear: this seemed to bring stunned silence from him, and mocking laughter from his comrades.
Had there been a pain in her leg earlier? She could have sworn there had been, but now she wasn’t sure, as she seemed to have no difficulty walking at the moment. Perhaps that was a dream she’d had. Intense rays pricked at her eyes: they made her feel tiny and powerless. Perhaps she had grown too accustomed to the shadows of treetops on her long hike up. She wondered briefly how many hours of sunlight remained, but then remembered again how much later the sun seemed to linger these days.  Yesterday, she had awoken in the middle of the night to find rays of sun shining in through her drapes. She looked out the window and saw Bunnu returning from somewhere; she did not know wherefrom. He was always sneaking off in the night, it seemed.  She’d overheard from an acquaintance of hers at Miss Momoko’s School of Typing, Leather Tanning and Metallurgy that he had taken to running with a bad crowd who wandered the streets at night, imbibed strange liquefied fungi, robbed drunkards blind, beat Untouchables with clubs, and engaged in clashes with other juvenile gangs; however, she was unwilling to believe such idle claptrap. This was the sort of rubbish that the prim girls at her school prattled on about between stupid, pursed-lipped giggles. They were too busy applying layer upon layer of strange powders and jellies to their skin to notice very much of the world external to their mirrors, and anything beyond that often reached them filtered through that loose veil of childish opinions, logical misfires and feats of wild conjecture which, assembled together in lightless vacuum, became those vague, shapeless pieces which composed the most venerated of lady-like personas. Bunnu wasn’t the—but wait…she’d heard something else also. What was it again? T.P. Johnson—she had heard this name, but who was that? No matter, but she had definitely heard something. Yes! Something which bothered her still, and which had even kept her from sleeping last night—had it been that, or was it something else? Apparently, there had been an error in judgment. An error—yes! A miscalculation maybe? Most definitely an incident! She wasn’t certain, but she heard something about a death and an excommunication which followed. And then she remembered there was about a month in which Bunnu didn’t sneak out anymore. The O-bousans at the hawza also said he had not shown up for school for quite some time, and when he did, he was disruptive and irreverent. He barely left his room, in any case; he just moped about his room and occasionally went up to see the Outlander. She even remembered overhearing old Rakesh-7 up in the attic congratulating Bunnu loudly for his skills at reclusion. This seemed to lead to a strange falling out between the two. And then, suddenly, the nightly wanderings started again. Bunnu would creep out the backdoor of the house and disappear into the darkness of night. And these days, darkness was just an optional and unnecessary milieu to the arduous process of escape. Any artist with the slightest hint of integrity knew that, in the metauniverse of escape, Light and Dark were mere details—nothing more!—about which one might wish to conceptualize, albeit with unmitigated futility and maddening irrelevance. Bunnu was surely an artist in his own right. Perhaps he was not an artist who was, at all times, certain by which vector he should escape, but only that he was to escape tirelessly—this was all that mattered—and thusly through escalatingly unique methods which defied further and further the constraints of efficiency and pragmatic assumption. Where was he going each night? Did he even know himself? Was the aftermath of escape only a superfluous detail in the face of the act itself? Did he go a different place each night? Was he wandering off only to be by himself? Did he harbor doubts or disagreements with the teachings of his religious academy? Was he still a member of that sinister congregation of scapegraces and reprobates who wandered the streets at night lashing out against and defacing all which arrogantly carried itself as upstanding and right? Why had he become so destructive? Was it out of helplessness? How did he see himself? Was he still a member of this family? Had he ever been? Was he ever truly a member of anything? 
She now couldn’t remember how she’d started thinking about this.  Her head hurt. 
Approaching the middle of the plain, she could now see that the sparse tents belonged to soldiers in strange uniforms. She recognized the colors as being similar to those of Bunnu’s football uniform. Yuri had forced him to join the team recently: possibly to get him out of the house, though she did say something about his odd fascination with the Heisenpigs.  Didi did not inquire further, but she had her suspicions as well. Looking now at the military uniforms, however, she wondered briefly if there could be a connection between the football team and this odd battalion. Her musings were interrupted by the approach of a commanding officer who smiled at Sanchez’s salute. “Your numbers have increased nicely,” Sanchez remarked, seemingly impressed. He turned to Didi and said, “He only started out with a handful,” as if this explained anything. 
“Some of the Mumta tribes have emerged as dissidents from the dissidents.  I hear the younger tribal leaders from villages deep in Mumtaz country have been invoking old scripture, it seems, to reacknowledge their tribes as the ‘Guardian Infestation by Rights’ of this land—whatever that means!  You should see it: they dress up in these odd get-ups made from the skins of rodents and they hop about in these woods warbling emphatically in ancient tongues that none of them understand.  Then, they remove their costumes, put on spectacles and wigs and formal robes and head for their courtrooms where they talk with airs of pomposity about property rights and entitlements and the rule of religious law.  The tribal councils of the dissidents have voted unanimously on an initiative they call the ‘Massive Outbreak,’ but I have been unable to determine what this means. In any case, they have seen it fit to recognize us as allies. They have greater numbers, but they have agreed to march under our flag.  I expect at least triple our current numbers by next week. At the moment, most of my men are out foraging for supplies—foodstuffs, of course, but also weapons. We are short on those. I don’t suppose you have any gun-running connec-“
“We can talk about that later.  Right now, we need to see your wife.”
The C.O. cringed at this revelation, as his face grew red.  He looked back at what Didi presumed to be the direction of his own tent and turned around, whispering as though it might be possible his words could be audible from such a vast distance, “She’s in…one of her moods.”
“What now?”
“God only knows.”
“Does she get enough worm plasma in her diet?”
“What difference does that-“
“Never mind.”
There was a high-pitched hum about her ears.  Only now did she realize that she was surrounded by swarms of insects: Mosquitoes, it seemed—why had there been none in the woods leading here? Maybe there had been and she’d failed to notice. She looked about the field to see hordes of them: swarms which on this summit alone outnumbered all humans on this planet. If irritated, this nature of vermin could be formidable. It was best to allow certain concessions. She looked at her forearms, which were riddled with red perforated bumps.  Apparently, she had contributed a goodly wealth of resources to their cause without knowing it. There could be no doubt she was doing her part to spare the human race the ferocity of these insects’ vexation. In furious response to this, the squeals of hundreds of thousands of tiny birds diffused through air from every tree surrounding this plain.  The birds wanted their fair share too. Certainly, they deserved what was coming to them, but then again, perhaps they expected too much.  After all, these migratory creatures could only retain authority over their dominion at certain parts of the year: there was certainly no justice in exercising claim over seasonal entitlements!  In their absence, it was the rodents and marsupials which otherwise gained supremacy, unless larger beasts wandered into and urinated upon the terrain. 
The commanding officer’s eyes fell on Didi. He was a square-jawed man with an equally square forehead and equally square shoulders. In spite of this, he had an incredibly rounded presence about him, a certain panache that was indescribable. Perhaps it was in the way that he carried himself, which seemed to complement so well his otherwise rigid-looking features; so much so that Didi found herself immediately attracted to the symmetric lines of his forehead and to that broad, rancorous grin which apparently came more out of the discomfort of endless bug bites than from any delight reaped of his good humor. Yes, he was oddly and inexplicably charming; especially in the way the ends of his mouth curled downward distastefully, as the inner points of his two eyebrows leaned inward over the creases in his forehead just above his nose like two seals kissing from opposing ends of a canyon.  He whispered now to Sanchez, “Another venture to Aqua Pod then?”
“The afternoon really came together for me after all. I woke up dreadfully bored and couldn’t imagine today held much promise.”
“Well, it seems you were mistaken.”
“Let us hope. In any case, the usual gang will be about, but anyway why should I trouble you with such nonsense? You are not invited.”
“Nor will I ever be?” the commanding officer seemed slightly disappointed by this, but in any case, remarkably resilient to disappointments.
“Dear me, no. I am unable to imagine a framework within which your presence should serve to be anything less than a bore. You are neither grand nor miserable enough to be interesting.”
“I can make myself mis-“
“Please. Don’t embarrass yourself! We’ve been through this before. Trying would only make it more boring.  Primarily because it would be evident to all that you were making an effort. In being mindfully and inorganically pathetic, you would only arouse our contempt, not our pity. And our contempt would grow exponentially with each successive attempt. Let’s just leave well enough alone. I’ll let you know when mediocrity has a place in our ecosystem.”
“If you would.”
She found herself unable to feel her own legs as the group proceeded toward the tent. Was she floating? The sky gave off the faintest scent of sunset. She knew it would soon be night. She could hear the darkness alighting with the talons of crows upon the dorsal fins of undulating waveforms.  Her perceptions still intersected now as they had in the forest: those synesthetic modalities which brought tastes with sights and sounds with smells. Perhaps she had been infected by a Mole Fly. 
Stepping into the tent, the nature of light became softer and of a more full-bodied consistency which seemed to hit the center of the tongue like a heavy broth. The tent had looked much smaller on the outside than it appeared on the inside. In the corner of the room was an old woman with a menacing round torso and big forearms who sat at a desk mending pens. She looked a tough old broad, and Didi, viewing her whilst smelling the texture of her vinegared sweaty skin, imagined her round tummy to be similar to a concrete watermelon, concealing moist, soft tissue soaked in a juice of sweetness—how divine this red slice would meet her taste buds—and she wondered if the impenetrable toughness which shielded this old battle axe from harm existed as one large callous that had developed over years of endless hardship, as though it were a suit of armor that had formed naturally over her vulnerable skin by sheer willful adaptation; surely this woman, not unlike the commanding officer to whom this tent belonged, had seen many wars, had seen much horror and bloodshed; surely, she had stories she could tell if only the inhalation required to tell them were not constricted severely by this protective shell which pushed back upon her diaphragm, doubled as her new spine and allowed her old existing backbone to atrophy with disuse. Although Didi’s pity for this woman seemed to know no bounds, it soon became apparent that she was not the wife of the commanding officer, but merely the receptionist. The wife, it seemed was on an underground level, which required descent via spiral staircase.  Or, at least, so it was indicated by the receptionist’s downturned thumb, which she punctuated impatiently with a sigh and a bored mumble.
The mumble seemed to bring a stifled growl from somewhere. Didi looked back for a moment to notice that no one else had accompanied her into the tent. The growl erupted again and she saw something moving to her left. In the dim yellowed glow of this interior space, edges became difficult to make out; everything looked vague and fuzzy. The same could be said for the peculiar clump of fur which had, until now, passed itself off as shadow in the leftmost adjacent corner. The realization of another lying in wait, undetected, in one’s proximity opened to one’s awareness, surely, a minor sense of outrage, possibly even a hint of betrayal—though indeed this was an absurd feeling to detect within oneself at such an instant, for surely it implied a sense of trust in the unfamiliar, when of course said trust was not warranted, barring the possibility of a trust forged out of habit (and hence, out of anticipation for the familiar) with one’s perceptions, in breach of which, a feeling of betrayal should seem expected, almost necessary. She cleared her throat which brought snickers from the receptionist and frantic squirms from the hairy organism slumped in the corner. The tent flaps parted and a couple of bodies quickly brushed past her. She could detect from the sharp edges protruding from the shoulder of the first that one of these men was the commanding officer—it occurred to her now that she had not the faintest clue as to his rank. He spoke to a shorter, rounder man—was it Sanchez?—whose gait seemed to bear, to her mind, certain similarities to that of a superior officer being led on a tour of inspection: those arms which crossed behind his back, that relaxed stride which detracted not even in the least from the air of scrutiny which pervaded him, that rounded doughball of a head which nodded ceaselessly, even when it beheld things which met with its silent and utter disapproval.  Certainly, there could be no doubt that approval was being sought from this second man, whose face, in this light, still appeared to her a blur: a simple mound of moist unsmoothed dough with little outgrowths here, little pockets there, and the occasional orifice that gave it a reasonable semblance of humanity (though this, too, could have been a ruse perpetuated by conspiring bands of light and shadow). 
The first man kneeled before the squirming furball. He laid his arms before him in a gesture of utter supplication as though to some specter of superior splendor, and spoke in a whisper which made it difficult to detect whom he was, or more aptly, whom he presumed himself to be. There was a power dynamic unseen—visible presumably only to those who felt the clasp upon the leg of its authoritarian manacles. He whispered thus: “O Control Bear, who suckles at the teat of Mother Ferocity; who has fought and won every nature of battle against every species imaginable ab aeterno; who has such a keen insight into military strategy that victories can be savored long before battles need be fought; who is a master of all natures of deception and diplomacy (if, in fact, a distinction need be made); who once tamed and had removed the tusks of the rogue elephant demi-god, Vritra, amidst His rampage through the western mountain village of Ku-zu-nezumi; who swam the deepest trenches into the realm of the Sea Chameleons to incite revolution by encouraging their king to announce to his subjects the filthy details of his incestuous romance with his own daughters; who introduced the concept of celebrity culture to those species of Myrmecophagine Iguana most given both to organization and idolatry: this done in the hopes of distracting them with envy and self-loathing whilst those belligerents of nature conspiring against them regrouped and primed themselves for a most deadly offensive; who tampered with the planetary magnetic fields to manipulate the migrations of rival species of certain birds to spark between them violent conflicts, thereby decimating their numbers all around; who has been both friend and foe to mankind—a friend when a relatively unknown, down-on-his-luck scientist who kept obsessive-compulsive bears as test subjects apparently stumbled, quite accidentally it seemed, upon an incredible breakthrough which possibly even saved the human species from extinction by virus: the health-enhancing effects of sanitation; and yet a foe, when the interests of humankind ran counter to some other overarching enigmatic agenda of which I do not have sufficient apprehension to speak; who, in spite of this contradictory role as hero and menace to humankind, has remained more or less a secret hidden from all, but a few—myself included—who have been sworn to secrecy; whom I encountered for the very first time a few months ago, in the late spring; who wandered into my tent one day, presumably by chance, and who immediately began reorganizing my filing cabinets and giving me advice on how to use my time more efficiently; who has a strange, fierce sense of humor and who runs sharp claws through my hair to fix it when it appears too wild or not wild enough—‘wild,’ of course, being the best adjective I can find for it in any human language, for certainly there is no such adjective ever devised that can describe the abstract paradigm of propriety underpinning this peculiar standard; who does a good job of cleaning up around the place, especially since my wife has fallen into a melancholy of late; who keeps my wife’s receptionist here company and gives her advice on the optimal proportions of strange ointments and pastes which need to be applied to her face in order to highlight her prominent features—looking nice by the way, Sandra!”
“Why thank you!” the receptionist sat up quickly, and replied in a chipper tone of voice. There was a hint of artificiality in her response.
“O Control Bear, who listens to my endless whining about how I got drummed out of the service for insubordination—they say it was incompetence, but of course we both know differently, don’t we?—who is remarkably supportive of our current initiatives against those oppressive swine of the Republic who have raped our land and enslaved our peoples and turned our house pets against us; who does not appreciate my usage of the word ‘swine’—sorry, I forgot—because of an ancestor who mated with a pig long ago: the porcine branch of your ancestry is a sensitive topic, I know—I shall refrain from bringing it up in the future; who is a treasure trove of insight on all the struggles of the human species against what they deem to be the incursions of nature—of course this is a gross and arrogant and self-important generalization of the larger dynamics of our situation, as I have since learned—O Control Bear, I hope you will pardon my effusive groveling. If you see fit to excoriate those who resort to such pathetic toadying, I am willing to accept it. I am willing to accept any beating you shall grace me to administer—we military types are latent masochists who very much like to be flayed for our wrongdoings, if for no other reason than that of self-purification.  It gives us the sense that we are on the side of right in a universe in which such dualities as right and wrong prove sufficient. I am so much enamored by your wisdom, so very grateful for all you have taught me about the fundamental dynamics of nature and how these might be manipulated by our species and further used to our advantage. You know well enough the battles our species must endlessly undergo in order to preserve itself. I can never forget those words you used that one time—were they your words? I was certain I had heard them somewhere before, but perhaps it was the long and delayed, but iterant echo of an intuition held hidden deep and behind a door of my unconscious, thereupon unlocked and freed as though by some necromancer’s incantation. I can never forget their stunning resonance. Those words: ‘In battle,’ you had said, ‘one must not be afraid to appear helpless and vulnerable to attack. One must be capable of controlled deception, established by a seeming lack of control. Bait the enemy through disorder and crush them. One must even appear gentle and ambivalent, when necessary. To lull the enemy into a false sense of security.’ Yes, yes…you indicate to me when I remind you of this everyday that you do not remember having said this.  And yet, why is it that I remember that moment so clearly. Can imagination be clearer than memory? Is clear even the proper word to describe the sensation that something was actual rather than actuated? Whatever the case, I believe you did ‘actually’ say it—ha ha!—even though you maintain otherwise. And it seemed like the moment your words mixed with air, their ripple effects were palpable and all things about me began to change immediately. The general citizenry of Kaiiba—I could not say the Republic at large, for I would like to give credit where credit is due—in any case, the general citizenry seemed to act very very quickly, even though they most certainly would not have heard your words—perhaps they felt the impact of the ripples they made when met with air? Or, maybe you visited them in their dreams. Who knows? At any rate, ever since that day you spoke, much has changed: nature preserves have been designated and zoos and arboretums; biospheres have started popping up all over the place. In the last month alone, numerous government policies for ecological protection have been established; all of which, on the surface, would seem to achieve the goal of promoting the fallacy that the human race sought peaceful coexistence with other creatures—absurd…yes I know! But the rubes went for it!—but on a much more insidious level, have enabled us to make examples of those species held in captivity by any means of petty humiliation at our disposal.  Animals have been consigned to circuses and made to perform inane tricks. Majestic species of flora have been trimmed into childish sculptures for degrading topiary exhibitions. Bacteria have been confined to glass chambers in excessively clean laboratories and made unwillingly to invade the immune systems of rats, whereupon malicious fungal agents can be injected into the hosts’ bloodstreams for the purposes of killing them off systematically. The deceptions are, thus far, brilliant and pervasive, but surely humankind has not yet achieved its full capabilities. You know this of course! There are still many threats to our kind: many rival organisms who seek to infest the landscape—our landscape!—as though property rights and entitlements have no meaning at all! Lawless scum! These rival species, too, have the ability to adapt to changes in their environment and, thusly, to counter-strategize, and even now, their overwhelming numbers are more than evident. You understand, surely, how incumbent it has been upon humankind to institutionalize its interactions with nature. You have said so yourself that it has allowed us to extend our lifespans remarkably. For generations, however, nature has been creeping up against the walls we’ve built—time enough for them to find the tiny cracks in the surface and infiltrate them. As I mentioned yesterday, three of my men are currently down with the dengue fever and a host of odd symptoms I cannot explain. I would like to think this is a minor concern, but if an outbreak occurs, what can be done to minimize its harm to us, and maximize its harm toward our foes? Although you do not speak at the moment, I can see that you are thinking deeply about this question. Naturally, you would have greater insight on the matter than I, for I know quite well that you are an expert on biological warfare. Thus I dare ask, in addition to my first question, yet another: Is it, indeed, an act of ultimate treachery to conspire with another species against members of one’s own race? Is it? Is it? Is it? Is it treachery to bring demise upon one’s own by aiding in the proliferation of an enemy species? Sorry, that was two questions, or possibly five. In any case, I do not know if there is a specific moral code that governs over, or even addresses such problems. Perhaps you can tell me what is right. O Control Bear, I await your guidance!”
Control Bear spoke not. In fact, Control Bear did nothing at all. The second man spoke.
“Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeellllllllll…” this nasal ululation swelled forth from the lips: a cloud of waste exhaust enshrouding an amusement of such weighty capacity that it could only have been borne and driven onward capably in that tenacious wind of Sanchez breath. “It seems I’ve misjudged you.” He suddenly sounded humbled, yet curious: “A strange and miserable creature you are! Strange and miserable! How could I have failed to notice earlier? This fierce and ferine foreteller has flagellated you forsooth to found the fortune of a most feal and fearful fanatic. Methinks you’d prostrate yourself before any old thing what regards you inferior—animate, inanimate, disanimate or reanimate alike! Perhaps we can find a use for you yet.”
“Oh, he does that every time he enters the tent. Gets a bit repetitive actually,” remarked Sandra the receptionist, who did not seem the least bit bashful at the prospect of speaking poorly of the husband of her employer. She looked bored again. Hers was the face of a woman who knew her own boundless talents were being wasted on meaningless duties, on idiotic conversations about banal and mundane matters. In actuality, this listless woman was a brilliant mathematician. She did endless calculations in her head throughout day—sometimes without even realizing consciously that she was doing so—but she was not allowed by her employer to write anything down unless it was work-related. Therefore, most of her groundbreaking work had been halted by the endless distractions in her day: the variables of larger equations collided and drifted about in gentle, shallow currents, until there came a terrific and cataclysmic crash and every numerator found itself torn apart from its corresponding denominator by merciless riptides, which dragged all manifestations of logic beyond grasp and recall and back to iridescent seas of endless flux. Her chin dropped again into a palm which she supported by an elbow upon the desk. “Drives the Missus crazy,” she continued with a sigh, “She’s not a big fan of Mister Bear. I don’t mind him much. He’s got a good eye for color and he’s pretty darn good at cleaning the place. Yep! Puh-retty darn darn darn good!” She said this last bit with a hint of resentment, as though she were being made to say it against her will. “Anyways, the Missus will see you now.”

*  *  *

Yelps of surging liquid emerged from…


…somewhere. 


(Where?) 

The beckoning, almost pleading, call of its voice was omni-directional, which could only lead her to assume it had originated internal to her frame, rather than externally—why, indeed, was it that her body was, in other instances, more attuned to perceiving external stimuli than those internal?  It was a peculiar preference for her anatomy to bear, but she surmised that priority was being given out of an evolutionary necessity she could scarcely comprehend.  Whatever the cause, clearly the arrow of perception had now become subject to inversion, and she found herself, by consequence, abnegated in her resistance to that fresh deluge of fascination which swept over and raised her up to the curl of its frothing wavecrest, and thusly, to a state of unrestrained exuberance at the prospect of hearing for once that synchronized chorus of syllables manifest naturally of her own blood’s circulation. Surely that’s the origin of these sounds. The blood. Yes?  It seemed Didi had started to hear her own heartbeat too, along with every other bodily sound of which she had been previously unaware. In any other situation, this would have been distracting, but at this particular moment, the experience of acquainting herself with these otherwise sequestered sounds, for the very first time, was sheer rapture. But why was this happening? 
Why now? 
There seemed a strange, enhanced audibility of specific frequencies here in the encapsulation of this glass tube, whose purpose was apparently to insulate the stairwell from the oxidizing influence of the mud and sedimentary rock circumscribing the helical iron stairs. The dimensions of this tube were remarkable! Didi had never seen anything like it. She hadn’t even known it was possible to make such things. She now thought back to her Refining and Applied Metallurgy class last semester in Miss Momoko’s School, and drew herself, with each reminiscence, increasingly aflutter as to the nature of alloy being used to fuse together the glass panels and sections which constituted this tube. Presumably every piece from which this structure was made had been either molded or refined in a plant not unlike the one they visited on their class trip last autumn. Then, the pieces could have been brought up to summit of this mountain and assembled there; whereupon, the completed structure, along with the iron staircase, would have needed to be lowered through the ground and into a natural crevice which led down several hundreds of meters from the summit of the mountain to some cavernous chamber below.  Of course, she had not yet seen this chamber whose existence she hypothesized—it was difficult to know, at present, where the spiral stairs were leading for she could only, thus far in her descent, see the rocks, clay and soil surrounding the glass column. Occasionally, the opacity of the black cosmic debris was interrupted by lit oil lanterns on either side which rested in smooth, rounded dug-in enclosures facing small latched doors that opened inward. This was the only light available to them in the glass tube, but the lantern-adorned conclaves repeated on both sides often enough that the darkness could scarcely seem oppressive for more than ten or twenty steps at a stretch. Where were they going? Surely, this staircase was leading down into a natural cavern—yes, this was the only rational explanation available in these immediate circumstances.  Didi was capable of imagining no other.
Sanchez crept like a slug down the steps before her; behind her were the contrastingly sharp and clanking footsteps of the other men who had accompanied them in the woods: she still did not know their names or who they were, and they did not speak to her directly, but only about her, albeit in ways that she found herself unable to comprehend. For example, one remarked to the other in the midst of a patch of darkness, “If I were her, I would dread Spinach Fry Days.” “Oh most certainly,” said another in response, “Spinach is like the fire of the left hand.” “Does she even use her left hand on Fry Days?” “Just look at those hams! How could she not?” “For shame!” This last statement filled her briefly with remorse: she knew not why, possibly because she was expected to feel it. She had no idea what “Fry Days” were. Even if she did, she wondered if these statements would make any more sense to her. At some point, she felt like turning around and asking them to refrain from speaking about her as though she were not there, but then, changed her mind, as her saying something would not have been conceived so much out of a matter of relevance as out of an obvious insecurity at having something said about her by people of whose intentions she knew nothing at all.  Of course, this would serve to be fodder for even further judgment—then again by abstaining from acknowledging the matter, perhaps she was showing through acquiescence her fear of further judgment, which should, undoubtedly, justify even more profound criticism regarding her cowardice: assuming, of course, she was being criticized in the first place.  Either way, she was not sure what was best. And so, she remained silent. 
In front of Sanchez, the commanding officer descended the stairs quickly, all the while vehemently and systematically laying to waste any allegations that he anticipated would soon be made publicly by his wife about Control Bear being a fraud. “She’s probably going to say that she has never even seen him speak. I do not fault her for her skeptical mind. She is the daughter of an alcoholic scientist—a charlatan actually—whose scientific findings were determined later in his life to have been falsified.  I will not comment on the character of this petty, deceitful man, except to say that his plot to gain universal repute at the expense of his professional integrity had the unintentional effect of bringing shame to his family name, and instilling all who bore it with a sense of betrayal at having abetted unwittingly in the perpetuation of a sham that had once won them untold admiration from their peers, and endowed them further with the undeserved accolades and special honors of their community. As you can imagine, the anguish and humiliation of this betrayal plagues my wife to this very day. I cannot begrudge her for her bitterness against her father and against all men. Of course she has good reason to be cynical—especially so when it comes to the matter of trusting a figure who purports himself to be credible in some respect or another; hence, her suspicion for Control Bear, and her consternation as to how much influence he seems to exercise over my decision-making process. However, this incredulity on her part is not necessarily a weakness of character. In fact, there are times in which her skeptical ways prove to be rather useful. I know it is not a manly thing for a military man like myself to say, but she has no shortage of influence over my own opinions. This does not mean that she is infallible. Of course, she does make mistakes. Certainly, whenever people like us become devotees of an individual of such military and diplomatic genius as Control Bear, there is likely to be some jealousy from those others in our lives who feel that they are neglected and who feel that they must, therefore, compete for our attentions. You follow my meaning, yes?”
“Certainly, good fellow!” crooned Sanchez, “As for me, I devote myself to none: man or beast. I am disciple only to myself, as any worthy man must be. The unworthy are as lichens to stone, dependent on the firmness of another for sustenance, and thus, such creatures cannot be called men except by the loosest of definitions. No offense intended, of course. Yet, knowing what I do about your wife, I do find it hard to imagine she could be vying for your attention. I always thought of her as the rock. Would rocks compete with other rocks for the presence of lichen? There could be some mutualistic relationship sought which would prove to be the motivator, but what truly would the rock have to gain that should compel it to compete for lichen? Perhaps it is a specious metaphor. In any case, I understand what you are saying about jealousy and all that. I cannot call myself impervious to all that pertinacious bobbery brought on by those mindless toadies who seek my approval. Never understood that sort of behavior. They don’t need my approval to be relevant, but when I say something mildly complimentary about one, the rest are all abuzz with envy. Jealousy is like a wound-up bitchhowl which never runs down.”
“Yes…” the officer continued after a pause, somewhat nonplussed by Sanchez’s insinuations. “Y-Yes, of course. Anyway, I suppose now that you have met Control Bear, you are finally able to see another dimension of my personality, previously inaccessible. It is funny how these little things can make a difference in how we are seen by others. Control Bear once told me of a similar phenomenon he’d experienced, if you’d permit me to tell.” 
“Well actually I-“
“So, apparently, he has an overbearing—no pun intended—and overly affectionate mother who likes to dote on him whenever they chance to meet. Unfortunately for him, the well-meaning matron has a knack for poorly-timed visits, often dropping in on him unannounced, thereby embarrassing him terribly in front of his disciples whom he was otherwise seeking to motivate through force of sheer ferocity.  Of course, the moment she arrives on the scene, the gravity of his proclamations is immediately counteracted by her equally formidable display of concerned parenting. She asks him if he has been eating properly in preparation for the winter and about the size of his post-hibernation bowel movements.  It soon becomes painfully clear to all that Control Bear is, in fact, an only child—an only cub, that is—who was so used to having his way in his youth that it remains, to this day, virtually impossible to argue against him when he has his mind set on something. Some might otherwise mistake his petty egocentrism with unwavering fortitude—but perhaps the two are not mutually exclusive. At any rate, befouled by this contaminating realization, the dismayed disciples come to feel that maybe Control Bear did not know truly what he was talking about, but that he had only wished to impose his selfish will on others, as might any spoiled child, because it was simply, by familial dynamics alone, his general inclination to do so.  His credibility, then, falls under question. They begin to doubt the validity of all he has had to say, thus far—which, I’m sure I need not tell you, should have been no less significant to them if it were said by someone with lesser authority, but I am unable to empathize well with the simple-minded fickleness of such infidels who treasure form over substance, and who, therefore, allocate greater value to the status of a given speaker than to the ideas he generates and carries forth. Ideas should possess the same value—no?—regardless of how they are voiced and by whom. Yet, it is so rare that they are received in such a manner. Perception, naturally, becomes the primary filter, the independent variable that predicates the degree of ontological resonance—assuming a causal relationship. Of course, there are means by which one might bypass such filters; unfortunately, not everyone is endowed with them. And so these poor capricious fools, compelled by their tainted perceptions to dismiss all further edicts from Control Bear, disregard also all that they have, thus far, learned and set about to seek answers elsewhere. Control Bear, of course, is not troubled by this. He knows he has done no wrong. He had not sought to misrepresent himself to others. It was simply that he failed to live up to the image that they wished to maintain of him.  He did not ask them to raise him so high above themselves, but there is nothing you can say to such people. Yet, now that they can see that he is not as grand as they had hoped, they are beside themselves with disappointment. Control Bear cannot fault them for reacting this way; neither can he fault his mother for the dispiriting effect she has unwittingly had on some of these disciples. He would not dream of blaming her. His mother is only doing what seems natural to her. She knows nothing of the profound effect he has had on the diplomatic and military initiatives of humanity and on the booms and bottlenecks, the predations and migrations of many other species the world over. She has no reason to know such things, for she cares not for the ebbs and flows brought on by our own movements, revolutions and power exchanges over terrain and within the ecosystem. They are not as vitally important to her, it seems, as certain cultural achievements of the collective interspecies brain—apparently she is a member of a circle of eager old bear and squirrel ladies who delight in designing and knitting up specialty eye-masks for winter hibernators who wish to appear frilly and fashionable even in the depths of unconscious dormancy; this craft had been passed down to them from previous generations of hibernating and brumating organisms, and they feel a sense of duty to continue improving upon old designs for the sake of the betterment of their posterity—of course, my wife will also dispute the truth of this by claiming that the paws of these beasts are not dexterous enough to maintain a knitting enterprise, but that’s a whole different matter about whose details I will not belabor you just now. Suffice it to say that it gives the old ladybeasts a sense of purpose. And so, preoccupied by her own interests, Control Bear’s Mama knows rather little of the greatness her son has achieved—and in any case, it matters not to her, for she is proud of him and loves him just the same no matter what he achieves or does not achieve in this lifetime—of course, this attitude serves to be somewhat of a double-edged blade for Control Bear himself, being the ambitious entity that he is, and yet no less prone to failure in spite of it. On occasion, the old mother will, of course, say or do things that get on his nerves. This is natural—in her eyes, he’s never grown up, so it’s quite easy for her to revert to using babytalk with him without realizing it. Often this exasperates him, and Control Bear begins to lose control. He becomes panicky and emphatic, which unfortunately gives way to no shortage of disbelieving mutters from his disciples, who had expected greater composure from him. They try to remain understanding of his situation, but in the end, it seems they are unwilling to understand the quirks of their guru. Hypocritical, if you ask me! Anyway, after years and years of contending with these tiny frustrations, Control Bear has decided that the best way to confront the situation is to be as open about it as possible. He, therefore, takes it upon himself to warn his disciples of his mother’s intrusions in advance and to inform them of the hampering effect it has had upon his effectiveness as a guru. He told me, of course—that is why I know enough to tell you! I appreciate his honesty. It takes a brave individual to be so forthcoming and to speak so self-deprecatingly before those who otherwise seek to bow before him, and blindly raise the level of his importance above their own. It is refreshing to see one so earnestly hold up his integrity in balance with that impossible standard others wish to keep of him. It’s reason enough for me to respect him even more! His mother would be quite proud of what he has achieved if she wasn’t otherwise consumed by her insane delusion that he was still a bear toddler. But, in such cases, what can truly be done to—ah, we’ve arrived!”
Shimmers of light spouted from below and with each downward step, Didi beheld their luminous fingertips waggling restlessly before her eyes as though reluctant to engage too deeply, until, with a flicker of bashfulness, they bounded away playfully and resurged again hither with a rejuvenated flash. Step-by-step, the pit of light grew bigger and bigger until the darkness they had traversed these hundreds of meters receded in mind to the nature of a distant memory.  She emerged through the ceiling of a vast open room festooned with pointed speleothems. The shimmering light, it appeared, rose up from the watery reflection of sunlight cast down from another ceiling hole upon a small pool in the cavern floor. The water was now being agitated by the splashes of eager footsteps. Someone who had been awaiting their arrival was fast approaching. Was there more than one? She could not see as the glass tube had become fogged with moisture on the inside and outside, making it difficult to see anything but a faint impression of motion by one or more figures down below. She heard a female voice saying something with a moderately inquisitive tone, followed by an uncertain response from an effeminate-sounding male voice whose utterances bore an inexplicable nervous tension, as though knowing in advance that its responses should be received with displeasure. This brought a harsh angered bark, and then an almost child-like yip of delight and then a passionate howl which managed to carry forth the words: “Why Sanchez, my dear! I should have known it was you!”
“Wilmina, my darling! Darling, darling, oh won’t you let me smell that gorgeous mop!” 
Didi emerged from the glass tube and completed the final twenty unenclosed steps which brought her to the rocky platform, just in time to watch these two round balls of dough run at each other inelegantly through the ankle-deep pool, seemingly unconcerned by the water’s impact upon their expensive shoes, and they embraced each other with the wild passion of reunited lovers, who had been forced to different corners of the planet by great wars and interminable exoduses, and whose thoughts had only been centered on one another during this vast stretch of time apart.  The hugging started with a back-and-forth twisting motion, but soon the kinematics underlying their oscillations readjusted themselves as to incorporate other neglected areas of the frame, and thusly the back-and-forth twisting became a side-to-side rocking between one straightened leg and the other as though they were a couple of portly clothespins. The rocking of this double-rounded heavenly body continued long enough as to become uncomfortable to both Didi and the commanding officer, who looked at one another and shrugged, as though helpless to do anything but wait for the end of this mawkish spectacle. 
“Oy there!” a voice said behind Didi, before pressing firmly upon her shoulder blade, which, for some reason, caused both of her knees to buckle and the rest of her body to tumble forward down from the rock platform and over a mound of bubbling calcified stone until she splashed below into the pool of water below.  “How long you plan on blocking the rest of us from getting down?” “You tap ‘er in that pressure point I told you about?” “Eyah! Pretty handy.” “She’s all wet now!” “Oh, she was all wet to start with!” “Woh-ho! Eyah! Well…don’t imagine she’ll be getting in my way anytime soon?” “Not after that!”
The splash of Didi’s impact with the water was enough to stop the hugging couple mid-sway. They now stood with their arms still around each other, but looking with annoyance to their side, as though they had been rudely interrupted amidst some arcane dance of intimacy.  “Good. It’s not her. I was worried for a moment you’d brought that hellion back. You know! What’s her name?”
“You must forgive me. I am terrible with names. Who are you-?”
“That girl. You remember? You chased her around your drawing room whilst holding your—er…well. Anyway, you know the one don’t you? She had a lot of pressure from her mother?”
“Pressure from her—you know, that sounds like that could be someone…”
“Well, that someone it sounds like it could have been was the very reason I had to close up shop in town. Her mother kept barging in on appointments with my clients and making wild accusations about both you and me.”
“Wild accusa—well…I’m sorry. You’re simply going to have to be more specific, my darling.”
“Started with a ‘cha’ sound. Her name, I mean. Chabby…no Chaggerly—er…wait. I’ve got it. Chastity! Chastity something. Chastity Cha-“
“Chandrasekhar—yes! Chastity Chandrasekhar! What a name! Just asking to be deflowered. Can’t quite remember. Did I get up to-“
“Oh…yes. You got up to it. You got up into plenty of spots apparently.” She laughed a loud, profane laugh.
“Mmm-hmmm. Hmm hmm hmm…yes.” Sanchez tittered, mildly amused, but seeming not to remember very much at all about this.  “Refresh my memory. What exactly had I promised her?”
“I’m not versed on the finer details of your pillow talk, but she did have her heart set on acting. At some point, you either neglected to invite her to gatherings, or she stopped coming on her own. I forget which. Knowing you, I can only assume the former. Sounded like one of those classic Sanchez avoidance strategies I’ve had the pleasure to witness time and time again—always comes about whenever one of those fresh-faced evening companions becomes a tad too… er…cumbersome, shall we say. At any rate, I guess in your mind, you were done with her, but the feeling wasn’t mutual. Her mother was a right persistent one too! Remember she was around for a few of the fittings that we did for the girl early on? The Burlap Ballroom Gown? Those black Contemptress dungarees—that was her, wasn’t it? I think so.  In any case, the aggressive old harpy took those brief occasions we met as reasonable enough acquaintance to stop by any time she wanted: day or night and always unannounced. She would start off with simple pleasantries. You know how it is with those commoners who try to put on airs because they think that’s how the aristocracy carry themselves. I just let her continue on with the pleasantries and her stilted attempts at propriety because it was amusing as pitch to watch. I only offered her tea in the evening, because I thought it would be funny to convince her that that was what our kind drank at nighttime. If she came in the afternoon, it was a heavy brandy—I pretended to sip, of course, while I watched her get sloshed. After she had satisfied herself in her attempts to impress me with her refinement, she would attempt to bring the conversation ever so delicately to the topic of you. Your goings and doings. Any new art projects or collaborations. Then she would start asking if you had had any parties recently. By this point, she had no choice but to be direct, because she has, in asking this, already revealed that her daughter had not been invited, in the event that one had been held.”
“B-but I-“
 “Of course, I covered you as I always do. I already know what’s appropriate to say in order to deflect politely the inquiries of such obnoxious brutes. I just told her that you have had functions recently and that you probably sent a messenger over with the invitation, but that the servant probably got lost along the way, or was derelict in the performance of his duties. Then, I would remind her how difficult it is to get good help these days. Of course, she has no servants of her own, but she cannot reveal this to me in the course of our conversation, and so she is left to nod her head affirmatively and agree that good help is a hard thing to find. A silence then falls over us and I start staring at her hat which is hanging on the rack, and then at the people passing by on the street outside, wishing she would somehow take the hint. She lets out a final sigh, and just when I think I’m about to get her up out of her chair and out the door, she brings up the subject of her daughter. I know then that this is what she wanted to talk about in the first place. She was not going to let me shoo her out the door without getting in at least a few words in about her—presumably in the hope that I would be a conduit through which her entreaties might reach you.  So, she starts telling me that she can’t get her poor daughter to sleep anymore. Poor Wittle Chastity’s sobbing constantly and has taken to pulling out her hair and starving herself. She won’t answer the door when anyone knocks. The poor dear! The mother said she even caught Wittle Chastity sneaking out at midnight in the hope of drowning herself in the River Absconditus-Beta. And when she’d asked her where the devil she could have been going at that hour of the night, the little cherub erupted into a tearful confession about how she simply couldn’t go on living anymore. She knew now she would never be a good actress. She no longer wished to deal with the awful pressure, with the guilt she felt for not effectively capitalizing on certain opportunities which had been afforded her—I’m guessing her mother was the source of that guilt, actually. She’s a pushy one. Really has a stubborn idea in her head as to how her daughter ought to be spending her youth. Or so I can only think. I mean the woman’s so critical of her daughter. Remember those awful things she was saying about her waistline that day? Of course you don’t! So, anyway, after she’s gleaned about as much as she’s going to glean from me, I finally get her out the door. This episode repeated itself two or three more times, and then it stopped for a while. I thought that was that. I was wrong.
“After about a month of no contact whatsoever, the overbearing old witch took to stopping by my shop on a daily basis to offer updated versions of her daughter’s acting resume. I told her I was just a simple costumer and wig maker and that there was little I could do to help her. But she was implacable. She shoved the papers into my hand forcefully and insisted that I be helpful for a change, that I owed it to this poor girl whose innocence my friends and I had befouled in the vilest manner possible; she, then, announced in front of my clients that I was nothing more than a Madam to your brothel. Of course, she had some choice words about you, too, which I shan’t repeat in front of our new friend. Apparently, the little cherub confessed a great deal more than I’d previously imagined.”
“You said there was a résumé. So, the girl had been acting?”
“Well, that’s the icing on the cake. Apparently, the old battleaxe forced the pathetic girl to give a few private solo performances for certain friends of yours who shall remain nameless. Well, that is, I suppose they are nameless so long as you don’t read her resume, because these solo sessions are included on her list of acting credentials. Hence, the daily updates.”
“Ahhh! Yes! Now it’s coming back. Before I just remembered the name. Now, I’m remembering it all. Delightful little piece, but a bit too hungry…a bit too—how shall I put it?—ah…yes, a bit too eager to impress. Everything was always a little forced with her—a bit put on, I mean! In the end, she didn’t put up enough of a fight to be interesting. Well, unfortunately, acting opportunities suiting her strengths didn’t quite pop up during our brief time together.” He now looked at Didi in the hope of catching her eye, but received only a dazed look. “In any case, I suppose her mother has got her engaged in another discipline altogether now with some of my friends.”
“It’s a kind of acting, but I’m sure it’s not what either of them had in mind.  Anyway, now that I’ve moved shop, it seems I’ve got them both out of my hair.  Or, at least, I can only hope so. I really don’t know what they were expecting.”
“They should have known better.”
“The naïve rarely do, but that’s why we are drawn to them. But how about this one?” Wilmina motioned at Didi.
“This one looks passive enough, but something tells me she’s a firecracker.”
“What’s a firecracker?”
“Nevermind,” he looked at Wilmina solemnly. “We have a dinner function this evening.”
“In Aqua Pod?”
“Where else? I want this girl to light up the room. Can you measure her and fix something up while we wait?”
“Shouldn’t be too difficult! Obviously, I’ll only be able to offer up designs I’ve already tailored. I have racks and racks to choose from.” the woman parted from her embrace with Sanchez and moved forward to inspect Didi who was still on her hands and knees in the water. “Well, my dear, you have the look of one who is not accustomed to being called attractive. Am I to understand that this is a newfound beauty?”
“Is that what it was?” Sanchez’s jaw dropped open. “I knew there was something unusual about her.”
“You should know well enough by now,” Wilmina responded over her shoulder, “I meet these kinds now and again. Can go either way. The beauty could stay with her for the rest of her life, possibly even flowering further with time. Or, it could be a very short-lived blossom and she’ll go back to being dumpy soon enough. It’s hard to say which now, but I suppose we should get whatever use out of you we can either way. Yes?”
“What do you mean by ‘use?’” Didi looked up at her with curious eyes. She felt like a child around these people. She did not know why. However, she did not feel in the least bit threatened, but rather enthralled. For some inexplicable reason, she hungered for more. 
“Well, my darling. That beauty does not belong just to you. It belongs to the world. It is up to you to portion it out in a way that it should make a most lasting impact. It is, after all…” the eyes on Wilmina’s fat face became teary, “limitless, yet fleeting all at once. It is incumbent upon you to draw upon your beauty for purposes that extend beyond it, much like the flower which must propagate itself by beckoning to the pollinating insect. Our friend, Sanchez, here is one such insect who can help you propagate your untold beauty and to maximize its potential. You must understand, my darling: as a young woman, your beauty is your greatest survival mechanism. More than your intelligence, more than your agreeability, more than anything else, your beauty will allow you to rise to great heights of opportunity and fortune, to climb the social ladder, to mix with high-flying individuals; and it will grant you access to every luxury, pleasure and comfort imaginable. You will enjoy a much greater degree of success in your ecosystem than your peers in…er…in…well, whom do you consider your peers?”
“Well, the girls at Miss Momoko’s School of Typing, Leather Tanning, and Metallurgy, of course.  The girls on the Metallurgy track especially.”
“Yes, deary. You’ll do far better than them on appearances alone, but only if you are willing to explore your greater potential.”
“But it strikes me as a bit strange. You know, succeeding on account of my looks. I always expected other aspects of my personality would define me.”
“And indeed they will, sweetheart. But first, you’ve got to get the right people to open the right doors for you. How do you get them to do that? Well, simply be charming enough to elicit an invitation. Once you’re in the door, you can do anything you like.”
“Anything?”
“Anything, my child.”
“But I wouldn’t be able to do these things if I weren’t attractive?”
“Well, you could, but nobody would really care enough about you to take notice.”
“Oh.”
“Well, what is it you want to do exactly? Act?”
“I don’t know. I still haven’t decided really. I do like forge welding.”
“What’s forge wel—oh! No. Absolutely not! That won’t get you into the right doors.” Wilmina looked to Sanchez for help. “Help us out, Bubsy! What is it you had in mind for her?”
“I hadn’t decided either. I do have this one project in mind. The one I told you about.”
“Not the staged kidnapping!  The staged kidnapping?  Really? HER?”
“She looks just right for the part. She’d make a bonny fair maiden. No? Already have the Untouchable onboard too. The abduction and the surrender! The passion of roles transcended! Is there a higher force that binds them? The Tramp and the Maiden: it’ll be the spectacle of the season!”
“Yes. Wait, you’re using the Untouchable for this one? I thought you gave him away.”
“I had a little talk with his new employer. He’s a big cheese with one of the crime families. You remember, yes? You met him at-“
“Yes yes. Of course.”
“Well, he’s agreed to release him to me. Too many of his associates were beginning to look at him funny. They don’t really approve of his association with me.  Artsy means something else in their universe.”
“Aren’t you worried they’ll come after you?”
“About those thugs? Never. If they ever became a problem, their loyalties could be bought. I know this from experience. Trust me.”
“Hmmm…”
“You look disappointed.”
“Well, I was hoping you’d go with Bressant on this one. As you know, he’s been a bit down on his luck since Sir Natsume cast some young unknown as the lead in his newest.”
“Natsume scarcely strikes me as relevant anymore. I wonder why anyone would even care enough to participate in one of his shows. His last 3 productions were in the red, I’m told. The new ownership of the theater is not happy with him. An icon though he may be, he’s become a caricature of himself. To say nothing of his drinking! Could never hold his liquor well, that one!”
“That’s what makes it all the worse for Bressant.”
“Yes, I understand. No, I’m sorry. Even with his drinking—Bressant’s that is—even with his drinking and his sob stories about how theater is not ‘theater’ anymore, I just don’t think he has what I’m looking for. For a while, as you know, I was considering maybe Laxman-5 or even O-bousan-34, but as fate would have it…”
“God rest their souls!  What a strange turn of events for two such beloved men. I’m told O-bousan-34 had been one of your greatest champions.  I never saw him act, but I’m sure he would have done just fine under your direction. He really did have a soft spot for you. Him and his brethren in the Order!”
“Well, I created culture for him and his temple. You know how these faiths are always competing to have greater influence than the others.  Artists generate their cultural capital.”
“Well, his temple truly put their money on the right horse. Not to say you’re anything like a horse. Anyway, that temple takes up almost a third of the town now. They just kept building more and more additions.  Oh…and the designs you recommended for those windows. They were just breathtaking!  Every time my aunt passes away, of course she has her funeral there—oh, and whenever she has her rebirthing rituals, she insists on nothing less than the aged waters of Placenta-A and only from those casks in cellar of the temple: she’ll trust nothing less—she’s a really devout old footwasher, don’t you know! Reformed Orthodox Morellan! When they convert to any other faith, they are always bound to go a tad overboard. She’s passed away and been rebirthed 5 times already! And of course, I can’t get out of going to those services or there’s hell to pay. A lot of those temple-going ladies come to me for wigs.  Anyway, whenever I go, I find myself too distracted by those window fixtures to repeat the mantras properly. Those really are gorgeous! Almost a shame to waste them on a house of worship.”
“Well, thank you. My affiliation with the temples has served me well. But now, I’ve got something new in mind, something which could ensure that the process of generating cultural capital would earn us greater equity for the amount invested. I mean why must we kowtow for the sake of tossed bread crumbs from the gatekeepers of the Divine, when we could open up our creations to the very Divine forces which preside over us? And when, I say open them up, I mean to offer them up literally as morsels to the appetite of those vast, higher forces which now guide the destiny of all creations on this planet. Market forces! I mean, is there any higher, more mathematical power than that?  Is there a force of higher reason… of greater hunger?”
“Yes, well. Anyway, I was just sick thinking about poor old O-bousan-34. He was rather a big draw for the temple, wasn’t he? Especially for the old ladies. Very popular! Poor, poor devil! Paper cut, wasn't it?”
“Yes…those can be lethal. So, anyway, I happened to remember at his funeral how impressed he had been by the oratorical style of the Untouchable when he read-“
“-the poetry, yes! That was an unforgettable. Oh, and that pathos! It was truly brilliant. And to think you just stumbled upon him.”
“Literally! Stumbled over him, actually! In the street. He stood out from the other sweat simians! There was a certain fight in those eyes it did not behoove him to have. Not in those circumstances at least. Made me want to thrash it out of him, out of sheer pity, but inspiration stayed my hand.  That sense of dignity he seemed inopportunely to possess would be sure to evoke pity from others. I knew it immediately. And so I had to have him!  I was going to teach all those wealthy and pompous cretins a lesson they would never forget!”
“I always enjoy hearing that story! You should have another Degradation Party some time.”
“Well…I can’t do it too often; otherwise, the feeling of degradation is cheapened.” He paused for a moment and cradled his chin in his thumb and forefinger. “Or is it? I suppose degradation is the sort of feeling that is less likely to produce numbness with repetition, but, on the other hand, should prove to have a cumulative effect, and would thus, further intensify.  Or maybe not. This requires further investigation.”
“Well, you see?”
“What would I do without you, my darling?”
“You’d scarcely be half the man you are today. Until this moment, I thought you had forgotten that.”
“Yes…I’m ever so sorry for not being in contact sooner. I’ve been feeling dull actually. Unproductive. No fresh ideas coming my way. Just mediocre ones I couldn’t summon the energy to follow through on. Hadn’t really left the house for weeks. Might have been the weather too. You know how much that can affect my moods. Forgot all about the studio as well. Apparently there was a rat infestation while I was away. I don’t know what was going on with me. I was really down. You know how that can happen sometimes.”
“Well, you could have visited me here. Remember how I used to inspire you? Remember that one time when…? Anyway, I’ve been going stir-crazy here. Very few of my clients even bother to seek me out in this new location. What’s more with these idiotic assistants and my delusional husband, I’ve been at wit’s-“  
“Oh dear. I’m ever so sorry to change the subject, but did I tell you, darling, how divine you look in that purple one-piece?”
“Ugh! Please don’t shame me with your compliments! I look like a monster. I’ve gained so much weight. Don’t tell me you haven’t noticed! My health has been declining steadily because of this nitwit!”
Their eyes fell again on the commanding officer, who looked back at them meekly from the rock platform. Behind him was Sanchez’s entourage, whose faces Didi could finally see for the first time. They were a motley group of five young men only similar in the fact that they all looked grimy and emaciated. “Peh!” spat Wilmina’s waifish giant of an assistant. His face looked like hastily carved wood. His hands, which were also those of a giant, were unfortunately useless, as they seemed too heavy for the thin arms that supported them to the extent that were they to bear even the least bit of weight, his radius—and possibly his ulna too—should thereupon crack and all his bone fragments and liquefied innards should thusly spill out through tears in the fingertips as though from an aperture in a rubber glove.  For the moment, there was no such danger, as he had his hands safely on his hips. He wore a skin-tight white-and-black striped shirt tucked into a pair of black elastic tights. His sharp, uneven face which was long and ovoid (in spite of its strange angles) and possibly also too heavy for his own neck, tilted forward and his eyes swiveled painfully upward at the husband of his boss, for whom he seemed incapable of hiding his patent distaste. Didi wondered briefly if there was some history behind this, or if this ill regard had originated organically and without logical justification. It was conceivable that the latter had influenced the former. For some reason, even though she had felt differently about this military commander aboveground, now that she had met his wife, he seemed a lot less powerful, a lot more emasculated.  This was not because he had said or done anything to deserve it, but possibly because the backdrops around him had transformed so immediately as to alter his significance in context, much like he were a word displaced from a sentence of otherwise grandiose meaning which had now been adopted by some other sentence for whose content this poor orphaned twerp could only serve now to be a minor and extraneous implement of form. This was to say, of course, that his inherent importance seemed to diminish vastly in these surroundings. Any respect that she had immediately felt—consciously or otherwise—upon first seeing his uniform had long since left her. Aboveground, it seemed he still carried some influence; down here in the caverns, it was another matter completely.
Didi now looked down at her own clothes. Mud and debris were smeared all over her dress and all along her arms and legs. Her hair was wet and studded with specks of gravel which she presumed must have come from the pool of water she was kneeling in. She came to her feet, and she noticed for the first time, the effects of the alcohol were slighter than they had been previously. It seemed she was sobering up.
“How are you feeling my darling?” Sanchez said to Wilmina with a hint of concern.
“I have my good days and my bad days. You?”
“ME? Well…I never have bad days,” Sanchez said, slightly taken aback. His eyes narrowed for a moment at the memory of something he’d inadvertently muttered earlier. Wilmina took no notice.
“Mmm…so he’s probably told you about that stupid bear by now.”
“It seems he’s grown quite fond, yes. I can see a big change in him since the last time I saw him. When was that? Back during the rainy season?”
“Oh please!” she hissed and then began to sniffle. Her long fingers wiped away a tear from her now anguished face.
“Come now!” Sanchez put his arm around her and led her away. “I think the drabness of this environment has gotten to you. You need to get out more. See that light up there?” He pointed at a hole in the ceiling through which sunlight poured. “You are not getting enough of that! That’s all it is.”
“(Sniff) Y-you know! I try…(sniff)…to be supportive of all his stupid little military maneuvers, even though they come to nothing. (Sniff)…But a lady must have a line she is unwilling to cross, or allow others to cross. I mean…(sniff)…y-you know how much I need someone solid I can rely on.  I used to—used to…I used to think that he was that rock solid kind of-”
“And yes, I know he’s proven inadequate in that respect. Those military uniforms can be misleading. I told you! They’re all babies underneath…”
“BUT NOW WITH THESE DELUSIONS!”
“He’ll be fine, darling. He’s just under a lot of pressure to perform. Put yourself in his place. Imagine you were drummed out for incompetence. You’d latch on to any old crazy notion in order to vindicate yourself. It’s just a phase. He’s low on confidence. Speaking as an artist, I understand the importance of manifesting a reassuring force in moments of doubt. In my youth, I used to manifest an old wise tree with a gentle face, who used to grow out of the ground—or out of the floor, if I was indoors—and impart upon me the secrets of the universe. From the great words of this venerable old tree, I have come to realize how much greater value there is in failing at that which is arbitrary than in succeeding at that which is relevant, for certainly all that is relevant is time-bound and thus subject to decay, as are one’s greatest successes and achievements, in whose waning glory, there is sure to be a greater, more profound disappointment than the sort which is felt at failure from the outset. Surely, your husband’s situation is no different.  It is critical that he understand the arbitrary nature of his actions, their utter futility. Eventually he will.  He just needs a little guidance on his path to understanding.”
“Being an artist is one thing,” she now said. Her tears were dry. She was no longer sniffling. Her voice quickly grew accusatory and forceful, “But being an impotent commander of a non-existent army is another matter entirely!”
“Please. Shhh! He’ll hear you. You know what happened last time you said-“
And so the pair continued on in this fashion. Didi climbed back up to the rock platform, careful not to make eye contact with Wilmina’s husband, who seemed to be listening carefully to every word of their conversation. She, on the other hand, had finally given up on trying to follow the flow, convinced that it was leading nowhere consequential to her. She now opened her mouth cavity wide into a vast, penetrating yawn, whose expansive curl of air pushed at every wall down the trachea until it plunged to the inner depths of a reservoir of utter stillness, bringing all to momentary agitation, and then finally to a dampened cool; still, this seemed to do no good to alleviate her fatigue.  
Now that she had sobered up, she was simply overcome with exhaustion.

V.

She leaned back to rest against a nearby rock and started thinking about what a wild turn her day had taken. She hoped her mother wasn’t worried about her. It was strange: all this time, she had quite forgotten about Yuri.  But how could she possibly let herself?
Otherwise—and on a day like this especially!—the first and last thing on her mind would have been concern for what Yuri would think about this-or-that-or-the-other, or how she would otherwise react if she knew about such-and-such—assuming, at that particular moment, the such-and-such in question could be deemed a matter worthy of her attentions, which, in itself, was difficult to predict, as the degree of worthiness she attributed to all things was heavily reliant upon her mood’s state of flux at any given time. This was not to say that any transgressions on the part of Didi were able to pass by unacknowledged. Certainly, some which first met with indifference were often revisited weeks thereafter with a certain freshness of outrage that bespoke the greatest urgency. And once it became the focus of immediate attention, all else was allowed to fall by the wayside. Yuri’s face would flush crimson like a furious blossom whose critical aspect reached finally its irrevocable zenith of prominence in full bloom, which was to say that she never seemed more radiant or effervescent or sublime than she did when those eyes of hers sparked with lightning in that first frozen moment of rage.  There was a feverishness at her epicenter, around which concentric rings—first of excitability, then of acerbity, leading out toward indignation—prospered, though one could still describe her, even at the heights of such delirium, as unaccountably blithe, as though there were no greater ecstasy to be found for her than in that very pit of dissatisfaction. In such a state, there was no reasoning with her. One could only bear witness and hope not to exacerbate the situation any further.  Naturally, Didi’s foreboding of Yuri’s feverish wrath was what prompted greater caution in her actions. Yet, it was often difficult to anticipate exactly how care was to be exercised and in what proportions, for there seemed no method to her mother’s madness, but only every nature of contradiction (no precedents, after all, could be drawn upon that were not otherwise cancelled out by inverse precedents allowing for their corresponding antitheses, invariably thwarting any hopes of identifying a significant correlation). The best one could hope for was to try to stay on that path of righteousness which effectively averted all dreaded territories demarcated by those purses of lip which generally signified Yuri’s impending disapprobation. Of course, as the geography of such territories was subject to be redrawn and laid out in different patterns from moment to moment, one had not only to be vigilant and circumspect, but also mindful of the pitfalls which could open up underfoot suddenly, if one hoped to traverse the virtuous landscape without awakening the sleeping leviathan which presided over it. To this end, Didi spent a good bit of time worrying over how every decision, action, and happening of her life would be received by her stepmother.  This was not to say that Yuri had indicated, in plain terms, what sorts of decisions needed to be taken and how each facet was to be implemented. No—Yuri was not the sort of person who would state such mandates in clear enough terms for Didi to follow, but instead took a more reactionary and primal approach to child-rearing by lashing out angrily and viciously like a feces-flinging baboon whenever something met with her displeasure. Unfortunately, this displeasure was rarely accompanied by any insight as to its origin, much less any admonitory decrees as to the manner in which future actions were to be undertaken. Therefore, every course of action to which Didi, with utmost delicacy and prudence, saw fit to commit herself required the best of her intuition; and when intuition failed, the rest was all guesswork. What served, consequently, to be the underlying motivator for all conscious deed was her fear of Yuri’s reactions when she had behaved wrongly or neglected to do something in a way that befitted the inscrutable expectations kept of her. This resulted in a kind of overcaution, and often even a general feeling of anxiety about committing herself to any action at all, for certainly there was no calculating the probability that she should unwittingly bring repercussions upon herself. The only way to avoid trouble was to steer oneself so far out of its way that one was left either to languish in riskless ennui, or to perform, with the zeal of a guilt-wracked do-gooder, every nature of charitable deed which might allow one to curry favor with some unseen higher power of Cosmic Justice—higher even than Yuri herself.  Didi had, for most of her stay in Bahlia, these past two years, paid visits to the former and veered heavily towards the latter.  It made her feel good to do good for others, but at the same time she recognized that the good she felt by doing good was really steeped in her selfish desire to achieve goodness.  
There was nothing better for a woman, indeed, especially nothing better for one as young as she, than to be viewed as fine and dear and polite and appropriate in every situation imaginable. All the women she knew around her had want for nothing more. At times, this troubled her. And every time she scraped up unwittingly against that invisible barrier electrified by Yuri’s lightning eyes, she felt a twinge of self-loathing at the swell of inexplicable resentment she would invariably feel toward her guardian.  She reminded herself that she was being steered away from deviancy and in the direction that Yuri deemed befitting of a woman of fine moral character. It was difficult for Didi to understand Yuri’s motives completely, but certainly it could be said that the transformations that she had undergone in face and form had seemingly also served to transform the boundaries circumscribing appropriate behavior.  Somehow, Yuri had started to become more severe as Didi’s body started to change, though she could scarcely understand why.  Was she displeased by these changes? Was it because she wanted to marry her off as quickly as possible, so as to eliminate, once and for all, the burden she had brought upon the family? Did she mistrust Didi’s ability to determine for herself what was right and wrong? Presumably, the answers to all these questions was ‘yes’, as Yuri seemed to be plagued by the suspicion that Didi had gotten up to all kinds of mischief with men back in Vasalla, that she had been no less than a petty harlot before arriving on the family’s doorstep.  To a certain extent, she was not completely wrong in assuming so, as Didi had had to make certain unfortunate concessions in order to make ends meet. She barely thought about them at the time, and they meant nothing to her. With no one to look after her, sometimes she had to go to unexpected extremes in order to look after herself. That was the law of nature. And from what she had heard, Yuri’s youth, prior to marriage, had been no different, which is what made Yuri’s harsh judgments of her, in these circumstances, all the worse.  
What right had she, after all?!!  How could she say such awful…? 
Of course, it was natural to feel anger towards Yuri for the callousness with which she expressed herself in her worst moments; at the same time, one could not help but feel infinitely thankful for the very fact that this formidable woman was guiding her—in an unconventional manner perhaps, but guiding her nonetheless—along the path of virtue. Her birthmother, Josefina, would not have been able to hope for more.   
Still, in her peregrinations of this labyrinth of shifting walls, Didi heard, beyond the safety of those corridors, the sounds of things she simply couldn’t ignore: sounds of the laughing and the moaning and the crying with shame; of the commotion of heavy furniture being moved and pianos starting to play; of terrible arguments and glasses breaking in the alleyways at night-time; of gurgles of blood overflowing from mouths; of death rattles rising in pitch; of the boisterous clattering and carrying on and the hooting and the dancing of alien clodhopping can-can’s—all steps coordinated in movement and then somehow disjointed amidst the girlish cackles of drunken whores who, in turns, guffawed and sobbed and yipped in despondent apathy at their own missteps; of the predators and of the prey; of the anguish, of the screams, of the exploitation, of the desperation, of the tragedy, of the dread! This all emerged from areas outlying the labyrinth, and in those territories deemed ‘wrong’; here she was protected and unharmed, and yet she felt as though she were missing something always, missing something crucially important that had beckoned to her first in the early spring, and whose endless appeals grew louder and louder over time and stirred and brought her moderate agitation by the end of the rainy season; and now, at the height of midsummer, whose calls were too close to ignore and somehow even too appetizing to resist—the reality of the images evoked by this phantom call had grown so tangible that she could taste their sweetness upon her lips, and yet also that bitterness of danger they portended which, for some reason, made it all the more appetizing.  She remembered days when the sun had seemed especially bright and she had been shut behind closed doors with the shades drawn for fear of ruining her lady-like complexion. She could hear the noises of the street through the walls of her room. Occasionally, she peeped out from the bottom of the screen and saw the busy crisscrossing of wagons and coaches and passersby on foot.  She wondered always where they were going and what they were thinking.  She knew she would never dare to ask them, even if she had the chance, but her yearning heart loved to imagine what they might say if she did. And, in the safe confines of her imagination, what beautiful and magical answers they always seemed to have!
“Let the poor girl out once in a while,” spoke finally a voice of reason.  It belonged to Yuri’s younger sister, Nalini, who had recently sold her home in Vasalla and brought her well-to-do husband, her servants, and her screaming brood of five holy terrors crashing down upon her sister’s household in Bahlia one month earlier.  They had arrived unannounced, and were apparently hell-bent on sharing the quarters of their relatives for another two or three months, until the husband, Suneil, a prominent patent attorney turned real estate speculator, could negotiate an agreeable bargain for a few plots of land he wished to purchase in the area. As with most things Nalini expressed, this plea, ostensibly on Didi’s behalf, was actually put forward more for her own sake than anything else. Certainly, Nalini may have had some concerns about Didi’s upbringing, but mostly she looked at the young girl as though she were an impediment and nothing more. And the way she reacted whenever Suneil’s eyes fell on Didi was enough to make Didi want to run out of the house and start a new life of her own.  Fortunately, with her hands tied accommodating the whims of all her relatives and their accompanying servants, Yuri had not the energy but to relent to the pleas of her sister, if for no other reason, than for the sake of keeping appearances and minimizing conflict. And so, everyday for the past month, Didi had been sent out on various errands with apparently no clear purpose except to get her out of the house, which fortunately allowed her to break from that dull routine of only going only back and forth between school and home all the time. She had, by virtue of her Aunty’s self-interest, been granted a new freedom for which she could not help but be thankful, though, most certainly, she had, for most of this time, expended a lot of energy worrying about Yuri’s reactions to things and dithering otherwise over how to make use of this freedom effectively without veering too far from the edicts of good daughterhood which had been previously placed on her. So, not knowing quite what to do, she wandered the streets of Bahlia aimlessly. And in her explorations of this town, she began to see finally how much it had changed since that winter day so long ago, when she had first ridden through on horseback—a smallish girl of sixteen.
On Didi’s arrival, two years earlier, Bahlia had been a quiet village, but now it sprawled outward to the size of a large town on the main highway between Karasujima and Baba City. What had been a bucolic landscape of farmland and mountains had transformed to a bustling and new metropolis which was on the verge of making a lasting break with its agrarian roots.  Seeing this in her long walks through the streets, she could not help but feel an inexplicable hope awaken within her.  Its origin was not something she was able to understand completely, but could only surmise. There was a connection she felt with this town. Its transformation had been so concurrent with her own that it was difficult not to imagine that there existed some fashion of mutual dependence she could scarcely fathom.  Their fates were intertwined, perhaps, in some way. And yet, now the town was on the brink of a spiritual evolution she could not help but view with envy: something about it gave her the sense of having been abandoned.
She, too, after all, wished to make a break of some kind: from what precisely, she had no conception.

VI.

The friendly handover of power from Charismatic K’s throne to the Republic had interrupted very little of daily life in Bahlia, but instead brought fresh vigor with it. The existing tax codes and civic statutes of the Kaiiban principality were kept nominally the same and, if amended, only done so, at first, in ways unseen to the common person, for certainly it was of utmost priority for the new administration to maintain the illusion of consistency with the old and the familiar. Religious traditions were preserved as they were, but only so long as they did not interfere with or fuel resentment against any of the Republic-endorsed faiths (if they did, charges were brought down upon the offending parties and their temples were summarily demolished—due to the infrequency of such extreme circumstances, this recourse generally brought nothing greater than mild discomfort from the masses). The old courthouses and royal households and gardens were preserved as historical landmarks, but larger and more modern bureaucratic monoliths with sharp edges and acute angles were constructed adjacent them and in such a way as would make the old institutions appear dwarfish alongside their towering successors (of course, there were instances of looting of precious stones from the palaces and royal residences, but it could not be determined if it was the incoming caretakers, or those outgoing, who were to be held to account, and thus, the matter was left unsettled). In Karasujima, Charismatic K was given a most kingly send off, complete with marches from all branches of the Republic military, patriotic song from the preeminent soprano, Dame Gladys Punxatawney, and every other dignifying detail of Republic pomp to which this magnanimous and noble people could possibly extend itself in honoring the service of this abdicating patriarch.  And upon sending the retired and once beloved sovereign off to the comforts of his new luxurious home on the Isle of the Deposed Kings, every initiative was taken immediately to align the Republic as a spiritual continuation and modernized extension of all that was good and nostalgic about that principality of old that the people had abandoned willingly in favor of this newer and presumably more equitable system of governance. Honorary Lordship titles were conferred publicly upon all potential Kaiiban Royal successors in order to legitimize their allegiance to the new rulers and to put them in a position in which they might be labeled as ‘hypocritical traitors,’ should they ever decide to revive old loyalties to the throne through pleas for nostalgia. Legislators in Malion City further reinforced efforts to quash the threat of sedition by pushing for the establishment of new intercultural settlements throughout Kaiiba.   These settlements, centered in districts which had historically been known as hot-beds for jingoistic, anti-Republic sentiment, offered cheap housing and tax benefits to citizens from other regions of the Republic who wished to relocate to growing towns in Kaiiba (of course, for the Republic, the strategic benefit of such an initiative was that it allowed them to redistribute their pre-existing citizenry in such a way that the new communities they created could serve as diluting agents for their host cultures: naturally, the enactment of this forced multicultural coexistence served to weaken any remaining linkage the indigenous folk kept with the customs of their prior regime). Due to the profound differences that existed in their respective languages, this had proven, in the past, to be a prudent strategy in other territories that had merged with the Republic’s Shield of Dominion.  
Naturally, there were other, more tangible ways for the new rulers to win over and retain the loyalties of the people. The most palpable could be seen in the improvement in living standards that Republic rule was reputed to bring with it. This was no myth: the people could see it for themselves. As there had already, for the few years previous, been a quid pro quo economic friendship between the Republic and the Kaiiban Trade Consortium (the private guild peopled by the executive boards of chartered companies formed under the expansionist ukases of Charismatic K), the proliferation of trade with the Republic had already, in recent times, become not only a reality, but a necessity to keep the Kaiiban people living in that style of luxury to which they had now grown accustomed, and which they were, therefore, scarcely willing to sacrifice over silly nostalgic whims and petty political loyalties. In addition, the military might of the Republic was unquestionable. For quite some time, they had had friends among the neighboring Mumta city-states, who depended on the mercenary legions to hold their borders. Of course, this had been a source of consternation for many in the Kaiiban Royal Army who groaned with desperation at the fact that they were outgunned and outnumbered and outmatched in every possible way. But now that the Republic had extended its footprint to include Kaiiba, everyone could breathe a sigh of relief that there was no longer any viable threat from belligerents from neighboring regions. This was not to say that K’s abdication could have been called an out-and-out retreat from the threat of Republic aggression. Certainly, no matter how formidable the might of the Republic’s military, it would have been too limiting to bestow upon its ranks full gratitude for Kaiiba’s desire for annexation; though, most certainly, the capacity for merciless slaughter could undoubtedly be seen as the soil within which the roots of any worthy civilization since Time Immemorial had been allowed to flourish, and with whose fortifying sustenance, its most alluring petals should be given for display. Therefore, it was plain to reason that what had inspired the greatest awe in the Kaiibans was not the destructive force of the Republic’s military, but the astounding plenitude of cultural achievements which had sprung forth as a consequence of its protection and outward expansion. The gleaming otherness of the Republic’s cultural ideologies was, no doubt, mesmeric to all nations who were restrained unhappily by their own worn-out customs and dusty traditions. The Kaiiban people, no less enamored, had begun, for quite some time, to thirst for the affluence, artistry and meritocratic lifestyle enjoyed by the neighboring countries, who had, similarly, risen up and evicted old patriarchs and aristocratic families through revolutions, bloodless and otherwise.  Thus, the handover of power from Charismatic K to the Republic would have happened, regardless of the relative proximity and might of the latter’s military.  At the same time, it is certainly worth noting that the dissemination of certain mistruths among the populace played its own crucial role, for certainly, it would have been difficult to say that the growing dissatisfaction of K’s subjects had not been influenced in any way by their own wild rumors, twisted speculations, and absurd misconceptions about his corrupt and tyrannical ways.  To further this, there was ostensibly no dearth of effort to influence public sentiment on the part of the Kaiiban Trade Consortium, whose membership’s waistlines had grown, in a few short years, to mythic proportions amidst their love affair with the Republic; for, most certainly, even the least skeptical of Kaiibans could never purge from their minds completely the suspicion that the anti-king rhetoric that had rung out and reverberated about the public squares for the two years preceding his abdication did not have its origin elsewhere than within the private meeting halls of the Consortium itself.  
Whatever the cause for their change in loyalties, the people almost immediately forgot about Charismatic K after his abdication; and they lined the street, as eager new citizens of the Republic, cheering as convoys of the Republic’s military and political leadership paraded through every town to greet their new countrymen.  While the enthusiasm for the new regime was not shared by all, the people of Bahlia welcomed their new leaders with an admiration and gratitude that they themselves could not understand completely. The fanfare was viral, the excitement of a new beginning irresistible, even to the harshest cynic. The handsome uniforms of the officers, in particular, were inspiring to the people. Mothers and daughters lusted for the men who donned them. The eyes of fathers and young boys beamed with stunned reverence for that lustrous gray cap, slacks, and blazer with the red shoulder tassels and the gold sash which ran from the left shoulder to the right hip. Teenaged boys and young men lined around corners outside recruiting stations—a few to join the proud ranks of heroes who protected those sacred bonds of liberty, equality, and fraternity to which the Republic was expressly committed; yet, most others for the purposes of making these impressive-looking uniforms their implement for getting up the skirt or into the knickers of some lady (or laddie) friend they fancied. A new military academy was built on the outskirts of town, along with a series of camps. Weapons manufacturers and suppliers, which had hitched a ride in with the army convoys, were looking for workers for the assembly lines of new factories. Naturally, the expansion of new industries, including (but not limited to) weapons manufacturing, brought to Bahlia a thriving economy previously non-existent. Industrialists and real estate speculators from all over the Republic arrived by train and stagecoach and balloon and chariot to have the lands surveyed, measured, reapportioned and appraised for the purposes of buying and selling.  Property values skyrocketed and plunged and skyrocketed again with the influx of thousands of young, affluent families who had heard about the building of the new and instantly prestigious Bahlian Academy, which was rumored to boast some of the finest Bmemsk Scholar’s Board-certified educators in the hemisphere. 
Bahlia soon became known as a center for athletics as well. Bahlia had originally had no sports leagues of its own (the closest thing the town had to athletic grounds was a series of fields and indoor facilities reserved only for the Lord and Ex-viceroy and his family to use, but as the majority of this noble family was plagued with a hereditary affliction that restricted lung capacities so much as to negate the possibility of any rigorous physical activity whatsoever, these grounds remained deserted for most of the year, and were used twice in the early springtime for public exhibitions of sport whose primary rules and objectives never ceased to be a mystery to the simple-minded spectators and peasants who watched with confusion), but now a new multi-purpose sports arena had made its home in Bahlia, built using funds from a foreign bank. The investment in this complex, though made purely on speculation by a novice fund manager who had taken over all the bank’s investment-related matters after his father’s massive cerebral aneurysm, turned out to show remarkable prescience, in spite of all the initial resistance it had met among the bank’s board members.  Soon after foundations were laid for the arena’s construction, the manager of a team from a defunct Equine Football league in Baba City started to hear through the grapevine that there was a stadium being built, for presumably no reason at all, in some town of whose name he had never heard. He immediately made a trip to Bahlia, and met with local investors and speculators in the hope of making Bahlia the site of Equine Football’s imminent resurrection. The foreign bank soon earned back double its expenditures on the sale of the stadium and, within a year, the Equine Football League, itself, managed to profit a hundredfold over the initial amount invested, giving birth, in the process, to a new sports-driven mega-industry, along with throngs of mindless bumpkin spectators to give it steam—these simpletons, after all, were willing to buy any old piece of yarn so long as it displayed their favorite team’s colors and emblem. 
Local political and religious demagogues immediately took notice of the remarkable influence that this newfound tribal fanaticism—with its braying animal chants, its mindless herd conformity and its fervent irrational idolatry—seemed to have on the common person. It seemed the people were channeling that primal link they kept with the ancient cave-dwelling, clan-driven instincts of their ancestors—surely the wiring of their brains must have caused them to crave this to some degree—and so politicians and prophets and radical extremists alike, who watched the furious mayhem in the streets, met with their associates and started making the appropriate arrangements.  Surely, they felt, this kind of frenzied outdoor rallying could have some application beyond the hollow industry of mere sport. 
They were right.
Soon enough, new amateur sports leagues sponsored by minority political parties, spiritual organizations, rutabaga cartels and militant fringe groups soon started popping up all over the town and indoctrinating young athletes of all sporting disciplines in the arts of assault and conquest. Of course, this new enthusiasm for sport did not permeate all branches of Bahlian society. As always, there were some self-proclaimed dissidents who declared themselves above the petty manipulations of these clan rivalries, and more evolved in their critical assessment and independent-reasoning skills than those primitive automatons who responded only to the irrational signals of the clan-seeking brain. There was a new movement of these self-proclaimed independent-thinkers forming in town—a new clan, to be precise, but you couldn’t publicly refer to their actions as ‘clan-like’ without invoking rage. It was a movement forged out of a fundamental disagreement with the mindset of their contemporaries. At least, that was how it was explained in those loud speeches given in rallies in the public squares. 
And yet, on the rare occasion that Didi—when on her way between one obligation and another, caught up in the unassailable flow of predefined routine and knowing with that sense of dread that Yuri was possibly waiting at their front door with her arms crossed and feet tapping impatiently, or otherwise that Miss Momoko, who had been asked by Yuri to rein in her frivolous daughter, was possibly doing the same at her own doorway, and having no other recourse for the sake of her own sanity, but to forgive herself these few momentary dalliances, these brief respites of dawdling—would find herself wandering again past one public square or another, she could only freeze mid-step, the sudden heat of embarrassment rising with her blood chin-to-forehead in perplexity to the incomprehensible verse read emphatically by some teary-eyed young idealist on a soapbox to a solemn crowd of revolutionaries. What he was going on about in such vehement tones, she could not understand. Yet, there would be mutters of assent—yells even!—from the young, passionate crowd who listened intently to all and disagreed with nothing.  She had seen this poet before, recognized the faces from this crowd. Or maybe that was another group which had been huddled in a different square.  To be honest, she could not be sure if they were the same group, or two different groups. They all had the look of being self-consciously ragged and they dressed in foresty tones, and thus it was difficult to tell the crowd in one square from another, unless they were both the same crowd in different squares on different days. Could this have been the case? She was not sure. On one day, one crowd would be protesting the old custom of setting ablaze women who had the audacity to put their elbows on the dinner table. On another day, another was engaging in a serious discussion about overturning a civic ordinance that only permitted citizens of higher castes to scratch their eyelids whenever they happened to itch. Oh yes, there was a lot of fancy, highfalutin talk about elbows and eyelids. At least, that’s about as much as Didi gathered, though she could have been mistaken.  
Then, there was that afternoon when she found herself being followed down the Bihar Prospect by a group of persistent young men.  Well…persistent young lads actually. This was not long after Nalini had brought her family and servants down to roost in Raju and Yuri’s house. Didi, having been sent out on an errand by Yuri, but having been given no specific instructions except to stay out of the house until her uncle had left for his appointment in the late afternoon, wandered the streets aimlessly, her eyes aloft in a universe of speculations: she suspected that her being sent away had, in some way, been related to the uncomfortable stares that she had started to receive from both Uncle and Aunty—the former of whose leers sent a chill down her spine, and the latter of whose probing, accusatory glances brought an inexplicable heat of culpability to her face, though, naturally, she had done nothing, to her knowledge, that should justify such a feeling. She had also recently heard arguments between Yuri and Nalini.  Mostly, they happened at night in the flickering light of the second floor hallway, after Didi had shut her door and plunged into shadow, retreating in solitude from the fires of evening.  Between her twilight prayers and the downing of sedatives and angular bananas, and amidst her controlled-breath stretches which required her to lie belly-down on the hard blackwood floors, her head would tilt upward and her gaze would be met by the movement of amorphous shadows in that gap under her bedroom door.  Accompanying these were strained whispers which sounded to her like a series of sibilant serpent hisses, but which, occasionally, articulated to the staccatissimo of a rejoinder or two, and, even on certain occasions, to a legato burst of coherent shouts which swam around each other like unhappy mateless sharks to resolve themselves finally to a menacing and disharmonic union of interminable back-and-forths, brought to violent coitus by a strangely organic theatrical cadence. There had been one such event the night before. On this particular occasion, the argument was more heated than usual, and there were even a few times when Raju, who was usually so calm and otherwise so indifferent to family quarrels, blew his top and commanded all, in a trenchant growl before whose ferocity all had no resort but to cower, to dispense with this ridiculous talk immediately, for this was his house, and within its four walls, he would not suffer such wild accusations and unsubstantiated insinuations.  Whatever those accusations happened to be and whatever family dramas were bound to emerge therefrom, Yuri had possibly judged it wise, the following morning, to keep Didi out of sight as much as possible, for reasons which she appeared unwilling to say, but which, Didi was, nonetheless, intuitive enough to surmise. 
And so, Didi, left to wander the Bihar Prospect, lost in her thoughts, found herself hearing suddenly the sounds of hurried footsteps and insistent calls approaching quickly from behind with an urgency that alarmed her. They called her name—how did they know her name?—and muttered to each other and laughed before trying to get her attention again.  She became afraid, but she also knew that it was broad daylight and she could see that there were other people around her, walking the sidewalks or across the street, who had taken notice of these young ruffians harassing her. Perhaps, they would be willing to step in if things got out of hand. Finally, one of the ruffians said to her, “My sister, Luna, goes to school with you.”  She stopped in her tracks and turned around. They were a group of 3 boys, perhaps around Bunnu’s age. “You shouldn’t walk up behind women on the street like that!” Didi scolded them. “Didn’t your mother teach you anything?”  “I’m sorry,” said the boy, “but my sister saw you walking past, and she sent me to get you.”  “Where is she then?” “Listening to the words of the great poet Lustitar. He’s very intense and wears fashionable-looking vests. Neck scarves too. She’s quite a fan.” From the way he said it, this sounded like a ridiculous lie he had been trained by someone else to repeat verbatim, but Didi was compelled to play along anyway (she did not know why): “Lustitar?” The boy smiled, “You must have heard of him! No? Well, anyway, we’ve been chasing you for quite a long time now, but he was speaking in the plaza back by the old theatre. I forget what it’s called now.” He looked to his friend for help, who shrugged, while the other silently mouthed some words to him, which for some reason registered perfectly with him, “The Fennel District. That’s right. Haven’t gotten used to these new names yet. Anyway, she’s back there waiting for you.” The boys’ eyes all met and they nodded at each other, as though this story were believable enough to seem satisfactory. “Oh I see,” Didi searched politely for the right words that could get her out of going back. “Well, unfortunately, you see…I’m in a bit of a rush.” This brought a look of panic from boys. “You didn’t look like-“ Luna’s brother started. “Well, I wasn’t but…” Didi retorted with annoyance, and then she suddenly fell silent, as her eyes wandered idly away from the conversation and she found herself gazing over the adjacent iron rails of the bridge and downriver toward another bridge that arched over it: the reflection of the sun and the shimmering afternoon shadow of the inverted spire from the Algorithmist Temple peeked up at her from between the springing lures of riverside fishermen.  She became lost in thought for a moment, but then she remembered herself and continued, “…well you see, I only now realized how late it was and that I have somewhere I must be very soon and…” “This is all very well,” the boy said patiently, “but I know my sister would be rather cross with me if I did not insist that you come back with me. I am sure you know how stubborn she can be, once her mind is made up about something.  If you would be so kind as to come with us, I might just be able to escape a thrashing.” The other boys laughed at this until the seriousness of the brother’s expression brought all to a thoughtful silence.  
“Very well, then. But I cannot stay long. My mother is waiting for me.” A wind gusted up from the river. The breeze whisking through her hair and over her skin was a welcomed break from the oppressive heat.  In other parts of town, the glass of the buildings seemed to intensify the heat. Also, there were few crossbreezes in those areas, so the air became stagnant, and still carried the humidity brought by the proximity of the river.  Insects abounded as well: mosquitoes especially, which made it dreadful and unbearable. On long daytime walks like this, the only way to stave off heat stroke was to stay close to the river, whose breeze seemed to push all the insects and humid air further into the center of town.
“Your mother?” Luna’s brother confirmed.
“Yes.”
“Your mother. Yuri.”
“Yes. You know her?”
“My sister says she is very strict with you.” They had made their way off the bridge and were all now walking back together in the direction of the Fennel District.  Up ahead, a small bridge arched over one of the narrower tributaries.  Two old Mumta ladies walking upon it in the other direction and carrying fruit baskets on their heads looked over at the group of young gentleman escorting the fair young lady and giggled to each other delightfully. Behind them, a couple Republic soldiers narrowed their eyes mistrustfully at the boys. There was a hint of recognition in their faces that filled Didi with an ominous feeling.
“Yeah,” one of the boy’s friends added with a smarmy smile, “so…I guess you must have done something to make her worry.  Ran a bit wild. You a wild girl?” 
A third boy joined the taunts, “Well…my sis said she saw you sharing a drink and lighting the cigarettes of some man who had come to visit the school.” 
“Oh…yes. I heard this too. ”
“What are you talking about?” Didi whispered uncomfortably through her teeth.  Her face felt hot. She began to feel dizzy.
“Archibald, I think. That was his name, yes?”
“Drinks and cigarettes with Archibald.  Well now…aren’t we a friendly one!”
“Archibald? The guest speaker in my welding class?” Didi exclaimed. “What was I supposed to do? There was a reception held for him and he told me he wanted to show me something in Miss Momoko’s office. I already explained this to—anyway, nothing happened. We were just talking and Miss Momoko walked in the room!” 
“Oh! A little defensive, aren’t we?” 
“My sis said there was something about the way you lit his cigarette.  Your technique was a bit too…how did she describe it? Professional! Yes, that’s it! Professional! I don’t suppose you were in a line of work that required you to light the cigarettes of strange men often, were you?” 
“That’s none of your business. Anyway, why are you all asking me these questions? And wait a second…are all your sisters classmates of mine in the school?” 
“We’re the ones asking the questions here!” exclaimed Luna’s brother, who was apparently the leader. “You would do well to comply, or there could be severe consequences.” 
“Oh…please. I could overpower you three easily.” 
“And we could just as easily sully your reputation further should you fail to cooperate.” 
“Am I being interrogated?” 
“We have our orders.” 
“From whom?”
Silence.
“So, I gather you didn’t start following me because Luna asked you to?” Two boys were standing on either side of her. One was behind. Up ahead on a street corner in front of a newsstand, a suspicious-looking paperboy in a sporting jersey nodded at the other three and gave some kind of secret salute.  Didi suddenly realized that she was surrounded on all sides. There were little eyes on her from every vantage point, little precision ears from street corners, windowsills and under sewer gratings, perking anew at each successive word that left her mouth. This was a well-organized interrogation.
“You are wiser than you appear.”
“So, what is it you want exactly?”
“Your mother has made no secret of her political affiliations.  Her loyalties to Charismatic K.  Her anti-Republic resentments?  She attended meetings.”
“So?”
“We are told the death of O-bousan-34 wasn’t an accident.  Perhaps, you might have suspected so, as he seems to have died in the arms of your mother.”
“Who the devil is O-bou-?”
“Was she trying to eliminate the evidence of some plot?  What was she up to?”
“More importantly, what was the nature of the relationship between her and O-bousan-34?  Did your father know? Were there marital issues?  And how would you describe her sexual relationship with your father? Any deviant inclinations?”
“Oooh! Yes, yes, yes…Is there any whipping?”
“Wait! Is sexy whipping deviant?” one of the boys asked the other.
“The Coach says any kind of rough contact.”
“That’s a bit of a gray area, isn’t it? How rough is rough?”
“Come on now, let’s not split hairs here. It’s simple enough. It’s all relative to the observer. We are merely asking her as a third-party observer to describe the nature of the coitus between her parents. No need for semantics!”
“You little brats! I’m not going to cater to your adolescent fantasies. Anyway, you didn’t answer my question,” Didi demanded. “Whom do you represent?”
“Lady…that’s none of your business. This is standard intelligence-gathering procedure. You can ask around. We are not violating any city ordinances. Besides, none of the other teams are doing it any differently. And if they are—well…just consider yourself lucky that you are being questioned by the good guys.  The information we gather will invariably be used to save lives and benefit the Greater Good. And so when I say, ‘we have our orders,’ I must ask you to understand that that means we have our orders! Now, are you going to comply or not?”
“I don’t understand what you are talking about…” Didi sighed. “You’re wasting my time.”  They had left the rivers behind them and were now walking into the Fennel District, which boasted some of the trendiest saloons, cafés and boutiques in town. Years earlier, it had been a Dowa District which housed untouchables, crooks, beggars, and petty thugs; however, after the gentrification of certain areas in town, undesirables were offered train tickets to the end of the line, or otherwise displaced from their habitats, as would happen with any species who stood in the way of development. Now, the Fennel District was populated by young urban families who had moved from larger cities to seek opportunities in this growing metropolis. Boutique hotels and pet grooming franchises were all that seemed to adorn this area of the Bihar Prospect.  The only way to distinguish each from the other was in their color schemes and in the signboards that hung from iron rails suspended by brick and mortar. Otherwise, the style of architecture for all buildings along this part of the Prospect was almost identical.  The hot pink shutters around windows were pointed at the tops and bottoms and looked like frilly aggressive moths. Roofs were—unwisely, it seemed—crafted from a heavy bluestone, which added an element of the traditional to the modern.  Didi wondered if there was any danger of their collapsing into the structure of the building itself, but shivered immediately at the thought. In front of every building—presumably only for decorative purposes—stood a series of yellow picket fences opening up to stone steps leading into a recessed orange entranceway with thick arched iron doors similar to those of an old fort.  From across the street came the sound of giggles: it was a group of fashionable young girls comparing hats they had just bought down the street at Madame Vipere’s.  Walking past them was an old maid who balanced on her shoulders a long bamboo trunk with water buckets suspended on each end. She was presumably one of the few old-time residents who remained in this part of town. Most likely, her lifestyle had changed very little in spite of the mutations around her: there were still such people it seemed. She gathered water from the river everyday and balanced the water buckets on the rail she balanced behind her neck, as she had likely done since her youth.  The oldest neighborhoods in Bahlia were in this district.  Back in the days of old, the water from the river was only available apparently to servants of the Lord and his family.  Others, who didn’t otherwise wait in long queues at shared wells or resort to collecting rainwater in communal washtubs, had to make a trek of 20 kilometers to another river to the West. Of course, the topography of the landscape was different then. Using the current landscape as a reference point, it was rather difficult to envision actually, for the changes over the years had been profound.  After all, since the much-remembered days of old, the climate had changed greatly, as had the nearby land formations, due to a variety of seismological and meteorological events that transpired frequently and unexpectedly over a period of decades.  Originally, there had been no mountains nearby as there were now. Some of those distant rivers oft-referenced in centuries-old texts and scriptures had since either gone underground or evaporated to currents of vapor rapids running over rocks of sky.  The landscape had changed vastly in these many years; of course, this is not the first time any changes had happened.  Apparently, 10,000 years ago, this area had all been desert. Before that, it was the ocean floor. The region wore many masks, each different from the others in order to conform with the relevant fashions of its own geological era, but it remained invariably and always, regardless of its appearance, that beloved realm of Kaiiba from which she and her clan had descended (or, at least, so only could she assume were she to take it all as it was told). In any case, in this territory’s current incarnation, river water within Bahlia Proper was free for all species of flora or fauna—regardless of clan, caste, title, family, or birth order—to use however they wished.  Of course, the rivers smelled strange this summer. Stranger than usual: she wondered why this could have been.  Her thoughts were interrupted by the waving of hands and the snapping of fingers in front of her face.
“Tell us about your brother.”
“Yes yes…your brother! Why is he so weird? Forget about the weirdness. More importantly, why’d he try to burn down the school?”
“Wait, which brother are we asking about? The silver ball?”
“The other one. The silver ball’s not in the family anymore. Had never been actually.  Merged with the corporate entity now; he’s off in the wild somewhere with his new clan.”
“Oh…OK.  Bunnu, is it? Yeah…so what’s the deal with that kid? How come he never talks? Remember him from back when we were classmates at Bahlia Gakkou. Had that Vasallan accent! Oh…and some imaginary friend right? Cornelius Something. And and and… he was friends with that crippled aristocrat. What’s ‘is name?”
“Erm…ah!  Motiwala!  Forgot all about him!  Where’s he now?”
“Bela right? Some kind of progressive resort academy out there for cripples.”
“That place isn’t standing anymore I suppose.”
“No.”
“No. Now it’s-“
“Bela’s in-“
“-pile of ashes.”
“Poor ol’ Flabby-bats!”
“Poor old plumpers!”
“Molting Roy?”
“Yes. Poor Molting Roy!”
“Forget Molting Roy! Poor Motiwala! And poor cripples!”
“Motiwala?” Didi exclaimed. She knew that name! For about a year and a half, she had been receiving frequent letters from a person in Bela who, in Imperial Yellow ink, neatly stamped the bottom of his last page with the three characters Mo-Tiwa-La alongside a red wax imprint of the Bahlian Royal seal, which presumably had been pressed from a ring or a medallion of similar size.  Of course these markings were visible only to those who had access to the contents of the plain envelope which arrived at her door weekly, and which bore only her name. Until the Republic’s Standard Courier Service (SCS) took over the delivery of all written correspondences, all of the letters had arrived to her by Royal Messenger, which was surely indicative of the status of its sender.  And yet, she did not even know who he was, and at first, assumed this was all a mistake. However, after receiving no response to the first letter, the sender possibly felt it necessary to provide specific enough details about his friendship with Bunnu so as to expel from her mind the notion that it could be a mistake or a prank (although, naturally, she would scarcely have thought the latter, given the seeming amount of effort put into these letters which were meant solely for her—in a sense, she couldn’t help but feel slightly flattered, but also embarrassed, especially at the way Yuri’s suspicious eyes seemed to pierce through her after the velvet-vested Royal Courier had left their doorstep each time; Yuri never said anything, but Didi now knew well enough the way her stepmother’s mind worked to understand that the worst was being assumed of her—presumably ‘this capricious young stepdaughter’ had chanced to seduce some lecherous, yet powerful man and, eventually, when that man had tired of her, or had been forced to purge himself of the scent of ensuing scandal, this household would once again be left to bear up with the dire consequences of someone else’s misdeeds). Whatever private fears Yuri may have had, Didi could only assume they were unfounded. In any case, and regardless of what anyone felt, this uninvited contaminant had safe passage to seep inward from the open doorway week after week, penetrating deep into the hallowed space of this household. Short of moving away from Bahlia, there was no way to obstruct the flow, especially when messages were being brought by Royal Couriers who were required by law to hand deliver messages to the intended recipients. Regardless, Didi could not help but feel slightly intrigued by these letters and the mysterious intentions of this young gentleman who sent them. Upon reading the second letter, Didi learned that the sender was nephew to Charismatic K. By the close of the third letter, she came to know he had had a special hearing condition that allowed him to hear certain frequencies only. By the end of the fifth letter, he had already explained that Bunnu’s had been the only voice in Bahlia whose tone met the exact requirements dictated by his limited auditory range, and that, therefore, in spite of the gap in their social classes, an unlikely friendship had formed. Through the numerous references made to him, Didi began to understand that Bunnu had been a rather devoted chum, and had even assisted in man-to-man chats between this Motiwala and his now-deceased father, Diogenes.  For the first couple months after being sent away to his special school in Bela, this Motiwala fellow had corresponded with Bunnu, though it seemed to bring him no pleasure to do so. As Motiwala told it, there was something that changed about the nature of a friendship the moment that face-to-face meetings transformed to written correspondences. In some cases, relationships blossomed further; in others, they waned to near nothingness.  Unfortunately, in the case of Bunnu, it had been the latter.  Now, he wanted instead to get to know Didi better. He had only seen her from afar once, and had known immediately that they would have a good deal more in common than he or Bunnu had ever had.  It was his hope that by writing each other, perhaps their relationship could blossom in a fulfilling way. To him, she seemed the kind of person who could see through the surface of things and see a person for whom he was. He confessed that very few people understood his true nature and sometimes judged him unfairly; however, he had faith that Didi would be able to understand him in a way no one else could. It might take a bit of time for them to reach that level of mutual understanding, but they simply had to be patient and give it a chance. Of course, she might have certain reservations about carrying on like this behind Bunnu’s back, but he urged her, in any case, to keep their correspondences discreet.  After reading each letter, she was to burn them, so as to deter snooping family members. He had a feeling he could trust her to do this much, for her lack of written response bespoke to him a certain prudence of character.  It seemed strangely paradoxical to think so, but he had actually come to prefer that she not respond to him. With every unanswered letter, a new layer of virtue descended upon her, and his respect for her intensified. She was not the sort of person who would enter into a frivolous acquaintanceship with just anyone. The gentleman who called upon her had to show himself to be decent and worthy of her acquaintance.  Any woman of fine character would expect no less. And even though he had still, after many months, not received any responses from her, he professed that he was not in the least bothered by it, as he had come to understand that she also might have felt disquieted over the thought of writing back to someone she barely knew. In fact, he had half-expected an outraged letter from a family member sent partly to spare her any further indignity, but sent partly also for the sake of guarding the reputation of the family. Her father, for example, might have interposed by sending a response meant to rebuff him; this sort of response would not have alarmed him in the least, for he had heard of many such cases within his own family—fathers, mothers, or nosy aunties inserting themselves between correspondences deemed unseemly, manning the ramparts, so to speak, to hold unwanted outsiders at bay.  Yet, Motiwala had received no such letter from Didi’s family, which indicated to him that either they approved wholeheartedly—which he was admittedly too modest to deem likely—or that she had respected his wishes by not allowing her letters to be seen by her surrounding relatives. Of course, there could be no doubt that they already knew of the frequent letters she was receiving. They had to have had some opinion, or some judgment about them. Perhaps the use of Royal Messengers had intimidated them sufficiently as to give way to a certain hesitancy toward taking action. It was only natural that they would fear serious consequences from a family of higher standing, if they were to display insolent umbrage over a matter as minor and superficial as their familial pride; Motiwala sympathized with such fears.  Certainly, there, too, may have passed through their minds the possibility of her being engaged in a tawdry relationship with a married gentleman. He voiced absolute disdain that they should ever entertain such a sentiment when it came to such a virtuous and tempered spirit as their daughter.  At the same time, such clandestine correspondences between married men and their lovers—though unwise and lacking in discretion—were not uncommon in this day and age, and Motiwala, though he disapproved, was not unsympathetic to the unwarranted suspicions his own correspondence with her would surely raise—especially as each arrived, at first, by special messenger.  In any case, Didi’s family appeared to be taking great care in how they treated this matter, which struck Motiwala as a wise decision.  He applauded Didi and her family for the caution they exercised regarding their correspondences, for certainly it affected not only her family, but also his own. Therefore, he told her that though he wished for one, he did not expect a response.  He understood if there was a need on her end to be cautious by not being seen to respond.  Certainly, to respond to him would also exhibit a denial of her own feminine modesty, which, if she desired to be seen well by him and by others of superior breeding to her own, it should be in her best interests not to profane. He simply could not stomach the possibility of his family or others of his social class looking upon her unfavorably, for certainly her social background already presented itself as a formidable barrier to her being well-received by those in his circle. This, of course, was not her fault, and he wanted to do as much as he could to mitigate any damage caused by the unnecessarily hostile judgments which were sure to be dealt her way, should matters proceed in the direction he envisioned. To show reluctance to his entreaties allowed her to keep a sense of modesty about her; he did not wish for her to tarnish her own reputation on his behalf. He knew how the aristocrats could gossip, especially in a town as remote and drab as Bahlia. In any case, whether she replied or not, he pledged faithfully to send her weekly reports with specific details about his exploits, opinions and achievements in order that she might slowly be able to form a picture in her mind of what sort of chap he was; and thenceforth, eventually feel confident enough to write to him with that picture in mind—assuming, of course, there would come a time in which she could do so whilst still preserving her modesty. At the same time, he did not want her to assume that writing back would be such a monumental step as to be an implicit acceptance of his courtship.  He had no such expectations, but at the very least, he wished an acquaintance. He only sought to know her—he could not allow his mind to go any further, for her acquaintanceship alone was an honor to be cherished.  Or, at least, this is what he said, and he realized that by saying so, he was already, more or less, making an indirect declaration of his affections. In any case, to start her visual impression of him off in the right direction, he described himself as tall, athletic and trim. He had the looks of an actor and the arms of a gladiator. His hair was long and curly and he had a light beard, but he trimmed it as often as he could so as not to look unkempt.  He included self-drawn illustrations of himself in case the words did not suffice.  The drawings were not incredibly detailed. He boasted that they were impressionistic, for he detested artists who paid too much attention to visual detail and forfeited artistic license in the process.  Some things, he believed firmly, were best left to the imagination. He apologized for not being able to offer full-color sketches, as he was still refining his skills at applying color. In any case, he promised her a full series of color portraits somewhere down the line.  Sadly, these never came, but this did not mean he did not have plenty of other details to convey about himself which should contribute to her mental image of him. He even started including page numbers and citations to his other letters, to save her time in case she wanted to refer back to some detail he had written about in a previous letter. He thought this was the least he could do in order to make things as clear as possible for her.  Sometimes, he would refer to a matter in one letter which he had not mentioned for at least a month or more. Possibly, in order to refresh her memory, the best recourse for her, in such cases, would be to refer back to that previous letter. But how could she know what page of what letter to review, unless she had made notes of her own.  He could not doubt that she had made meticulous notes, while highlighting certain passages of his letters. All the same, the inclusion of citations and endnotes was the least he could do. On top of this, he made sure to express over and over again his genuine desire to make the process of getting to know him as convenient and burden-free as possible.
The letters carried on like this for a year and a half.  Didi read every letter numerous times, and in the process, learned a great deal about this mysterious gentleman who wished so much for her to know him, but still she never wrote back.  She knew that it was impolite to do so, but she did not wish to respond simply for the sake of politeness. The absence of a response, however, did nothing to deter him. The letters continued weekly. Sometimes two or three letters arrived in one week. They were always written in flowery language and every page was free from even the slightest stray mark. To look at, they were actually quite beautiful. Even though she still did not feel she knew this person, in spite of all his attempts to fill her mind with as many details about him as possible, she could not help but be impressed by the methodical effort and devotion he put into the writing of each.  This persistence of integrity alone spoke volumes about his character!
His most recent letter, however, had been particularly memorable in the sense that its appearance was vastly different from the previous ones. It had no shortage of stray marks and crossed out words, and was written in a jerky penscratch, as opposed to the flowing loops and arcs of calligraphy, whose dearth of straight lines and right angles on other occasions had suffused his language with a unique, albeit unwieldy, nature of efflorescence. There also appeared to be a strange red stain at the top of one of the pages, which looked somewhat like dried blood. Or maybe it was wine.  Whatever it was, she could only assume this time that the letter had been written in haste.  
It read:

My darling, 

(I hope you do not mind my addressing you in this way, but my time is short, and I know not whether I should have a chance to write again. So, I hope you will forgive me this one bold gesture, for I may have no other opportunity than this to gesture boldly. Nor may I, for that matter, have the opportunity to express my true feelings for you. What those feelings are specifically is something that until now I have been unable to articulate for you precisely, though I am sure you have had your suspicions for quite some time. In any case, I hope you will forgive this declaration of things you already possibly know.) 

If you have read the parenthetical addendum above (why would you skip it?), surely you can understand enough about my situation to know that my time is limited and that there will be few chances in the near future for us to correspond. If all goes well, there will be another chance for us to interact again, after my family has been restored to its rightful power, but I will not speak of such eventualities just yet, for they are still too burdensome even to mention; I shall not let myself get overwhelmed with anticipation, as the plague of the Republic in our lands has given me to forswear myself of all expectation that things should return easily to what they had been once. Surely, there is no going back, but only forward and on a different vector. Do you understand the sensation of absolute and utter loss of all that you had ever known so well, as to deem it the very air you breathe? Do you know the feeling a fish experiences when it is dragged from waters it had presumed thitherto to be the extent of the physical universe? Do you comprehend that drowning sensation—that suffocation one experiences for air which one has once breathed, air which is still out there somewhere, but far beyond reach? Maybe you do, but surely you can imagine that I must as well: this troubling symptom can be a wrench too terrific to bear, or to speak of, and therefore, it remains for us to endure and to make acquaintance, as with a hollow, dreary and despondent companion, who ties us up in his routines and implores us in his nightgown from his bed in an enfeebled voice to attend to his ails, to share the weight of all his melancholy, and from whose suffocating chambers one would surely seek to retire, even for a moment of fresh air, if not compelled to obligation by his oppressive persistence. To say the least, any goal I could have of regaining those glorious vestiges of past and possibly exceeding them seem too far off and are thus to be ignored for the moment. And, as you may or may not know, there is much to be done before we can spend time pondering over them.  Still, there is a light which beckons from the horizon.
At the moment, I write you from my study as my servants are packing up. All around this building are the sounds of windows breaking and bombs exploding.  I can feel the heat of fires hotter than any I’d ever fathomed (perhaps I am naïve in such respects) coming from every direction. Fires from the north, from the east, from the south, from the west roar with the steady drum of flames. Fires surround us now! Every beam crackles and creaks before floors collapse. Young sparks sail fair winds and moor to new undiscovered foundations and, with mischievous fervor, incinerate them whole amidst hisses of laughter. Fresh conquest! Our building is still untouched. It shall remain so, wind direction has already been accounted for by the starters of these fires, and our building was to be kept safe from the flames.  I am heartened by this, for though it had initially taken quite a long time for me to become accustomed to this place, I dare say I now consider it my home. Admittedly, I once found it a little too cozy, but one gets used to such things. There was no shortage of fine moments within these four walls. I shall spare you such reminiscences; they might not seem so fine to others than myself. There is something precious in this. And yet, now, in what had once been a den of comfort and solace for me, I now sit shivering as I write. A chill has crept over my veins: the exterior, not the interior, but I can feel the slow congeal.  Blood is dripping from my elbows—not my blood. I have not bathed since the bloodbath, but only wiped my head and hands clean, for these are now the only implements whose use remains critical to me.  The lobster cannons of Molting Roy have spared none, and he has issued an ultimatum to me. Surely, I was spared from slaughter in order to give me a chance to follow through and submit to his will. I do not know if he has invaded this town in order to gain my allegiance, or if, in fact, it simply stood on his path to larger trophies. It is difficult to speculate as to his intentions, for certainly, he is capable of revealing new dimensions of his character with each molting. Yesterday, his feathers were of a deep green, but their fringes were flecked with black spots. This morning, they had reversed and his feathers were black with flecks of green. 
Two of his officers are standing over my shoulder as I write this, and they now tell me that there are days in which he molts not his feathers, but his shell. On other days, his horns change colors, or fall off completely. He does not shed skin, they tell me, which, for some reason, fills me with a sense of relief. That would be a bit much. I am now told that his mother used to shed her skin, so now I must apologize. I am sorry. Please do not think less of creatures who shed their skin (I have been asked to tell you this!).
Having read this far, perhaps you are now concerned for my safety. Please don’t be. I have been assured that no harm should come my way so long as I am willing to cooperate. They know that I have been no friend of the Republic and, presumably, this is why I am being kept alive. I must apologize again. Now I am sweating profusely, so the ink on that last line might have been blurred. It really is very hot right now. I wonder if the intensity of the heat from the fire would have affected me less in the winter. I do not know, but I know that this old residence has no shortage of drafty rooms. This just made me think of the smoke. I find it strange that the fires should roar as terribly as they should, and yet I detect not even the least evidence of smoke. Maybe my senses deceive me. Perhaps there are no fires. I wonder if my hearing affliction is returning. No it is not…I have just confirmed with the guards that there is the roar of numerous fires about, and explosions, and shattering glasses, and what-not. And yes, I can hear what they say perfectly. What a strange irony it is to finally be cured of my malady mere days before having this new situation thrust upon me. To be sure, I am not in the least bit upset about the fate of Bela. As you know, in spite of my many accomplishments here, I feel I have outgrown the place. It has been of little use to me for quite some time: it seems scarcely deserving of such a glorious end as the one it is meeting now. Molting Roy does, after all, have a certain pension for drama. The sack of Bela looks surely a work of art. If only you could see how beautifully and cleverly this has all been orchestrated. No detail has been left to chance. Every shard of every window pane was meant to follow the exact trajectory it followed.  Every scream of the dying was timed perfectly like notes in a marvelous symphony. Differing styles of assault and differing choices in weapon produced the desired tone, pitch, intensity and duration. Silences sometimes seemed a little contrived, and yet they managed to enhance the drama all the more. And now, we are in the final movement, and I do not believe that it is too early to declare this grand work a timeless masterpiece.  It is rare that I feel envy for any military or political leader, for I have had few impressive role models up until now. Yet now, just bearing witness to the handiwork of Molting Roy fills me with this regret at not having been acquainted with him sooner. My potential has been wasted through unfortunate acquaintance with the simpletons around me!  Surely, you must feel the same: especially having to deal with such an insipid brother as yours. I have not seen him in these few years, but surely he has not changed! Does he still have that ridiculous imaginary friend? How I loathe them both! But I digress…
What I admire most about Molting Roy is that he plans every aspect of his existence out far in advance. Moreover, everything is goal-based, and each smaller goal is tied to a larger unifying goal. He even states his goals specifically, so that all in his presence are aware of his intentions at any given time. He is incredibly dogmatic about the way he goes about things. He never deviates from certain routines. For example, when speaking to anyone, he is inclined to say something like: “The goal of this interaction will be…” such-and-such.  He also expects everyone around him to follow suit, even when they are not speaking with him, and especially when they are not in his presence. In fact, the two officers standing over me start every sentence with that phrase. The way they say it is so natural to them now that they do not even seem to hesitate to use it. However, I must confess that they have an incredibly exhausted look about their faces. I just asked them if it had anything to do with battle. They say they have not seen battle, and so I am left to wonder if they suffer mental exhaustion through compliance with these strict rules. Now, they are re-reading the first lines of my letter to you and pointing out that I am violating their code. The way they said this to me was as follows: “The goal of this interaction will be to call your attention to certain discrepancies with regard to your observance, or lack thereof, of codes pertaining to the declaration of purposes in verbal and written correspondences.” Just writing that made me tired. I can only imagine how they must feel. Anyway, now I am told that I have come this far in my writing and that there is little time left to start over, so they will forgive this one transgression, so long as I recognize that I have been warned and may be subject to penalty for future violations. 
As you can see, Molting Roy keeps strict control over everything around him. If I did not admire him so much, I might consider opposing his oppressive rules.  He is no less strict with himself, which lends him a certain credibility. Apparently, before coming to Bela, he had had something of an episode. It seems that for the six months prior, the goal of many of his interactions had been to tell all within earshot the details of what he proclaimed to be his “midlife crisis”—whatever that is. One muddy afternoon, he was in his tent drawing up plans for their upcoming invasion of the Flabby-bats. A few of his officers had captured some village girls they had spotted up on the hillside adjacent their camp. No sooner did he spy them from a distance through the narrow slit between tent flaps than was he on his feet, in hot pursuit, demanding an explanation from his guards. “The goal of this interaction will be to advise you of the presence of possible reconnaissance teams in our vicinity. Furthermore, it is our goal to pray that you should infer that the young ladies we have walking in chains before us are members of said reconnaissance teams and are therefore to be treated as spies.” Molting Roy’s eyes fell again on the ladies and—well, you must understand before I continue any further the loneliness of a man of such stature. He is committed always to following the plans he set forth previously by force of ambition and to adapt accordingly whenever there are changes in the landscape (which is often), but never so drastically as to taint the integrity of the original goals he set forth.  Yet, naturally, as with all humans, he has certain needs. Carnal needs are not difficult to satisfy (at the risk of seeming prudish, I shall not speak of these as brashly as might my father—may the Great Prestidigitator grant rest to his soul until his trick of rebirth). The need for comfort and compassion, on the other hand: its value is incalculable.  There is some nameless ailment that only the sympathetic embrace of a woman can cure.  There are men who have pushed hard, aggressively, endlessly robbed many of their lives and their livelihood, those who have been a deliberate menace without a moment’s thought of conscience, those who continually and relentlessly masqueraded themselves behind this visage of self-importance, and who were forced to put forth the appearance that their needs were infinitely more urgent, more vital than those who cowered before them: it is such men who are most in need of a womanly embrace, who are most in need of that alleviation from the knot of clouds in their bellies, most in need of release from those wrenching tempests bedeviling them relentlessly. 
My hand still shivers.
And in the end, womanly embraces can only offer fleeting consolation; the Flabby-bats met the full force of Molting Roy’s munitions. The battle was short, but beautiful. After a cease-fire was declared, the Flabby-bats betrayed their doge, and offered his head on a pike, with a message inviting Molting Roy to reign over them in any way he saw fit. They were a submissive bunch with very little dissension or in-fighting within their tightly-defined hierarchy; yet, the prospect of ruling over them as their new lord and master so nauseated the great leader as to give him over to a sudden fit of irritable bowels. He had conquered other crowned republics and understood well, by now, how their figureheads were regarded. If he became their new doge, or even if he scuttled and scrapped their current system of governance and declared himself the absolute monarch of these lands, it would still be his fate to sit thereafter and forevermore on a throne encased by a thousand walls, whither he should be insulated from even the slightest whiff of his own directives, and whither he should only be obliged to sit and escalate his own importance by being accessible to no one, not even to his own valets and attendants. Food would be sent to him by dumbwaiter and he would be made to wear a diaper which was to be disposed of through a diaper chute.  Being the luminous light of justice that he was, external starlight would not be allowed to reach him for fear it should irradiate him and thereby contaminate the purity of his own magnanimous beams. Thus, he was to sit in darkness on the throne, gaining importance with each passing moment he remained out of reach of his own subjects. This had been the way of the Royal Family which had ruled the Flabby-bats and their brethren in other principalities for centuries. They had instilled in the society the inclination to look unfavorably upon those who achieved their own stations in life by skill, intelligence or hard work. It was far more authentic and far more compliant with the divine mathematics of the Cosmos to assume that each inherited his own station in life; each became what he was born to become, not by the microscopic arithmetic of merit, but by the vast equations underlying circumstance and lineage. Heredity was a self-renewing process of replenishment by the divine, of filling slots already prescribed for certain people. Thus, in the hopes of maintaining order, any new ruler would have to respect the time-honored, yet rigid social codes required to keep up the illusion of divine right, and in doing so, subjugate his own will to the inflexible archetypes thrust upon him. The only way any capable creature could find himself viewed as divine in right was by being simultaneously invisible and responsible for Everything. Of course, Molting Roy was interested in no such captivity, however grand it may have seemed, and so he set the city aflame, much as he has done now in his current raid on Bela. And he stood upon the tip of a spire at the top of their highest building (apparently, at first he thought this was an Orthodox Mandayyan cathedral, but it turned out to be the Mandayyan Central Bank, a religious and financial institution whose primary service was both religious and financial usury), and he stared down into the flames which shot up like spires of erratic, momentary palaces, and he dove face first into the darkness and the smoke, dove between flailing fingers. He had seen no other recourse for himself than to take that magnificent leap: the exhilaration that he felt at that last moment atop the spire had been so much that he could not countenance the incurable boredom which would soon take hold. He could not simply sit in a chair alone in a room while his empire was administrated by those unseen to him. There was something more fitting in death. I would not say this desire stemmed from a sense of despair, but rather one of exultation.  Of rapture! Why shouldn’t he feel this way? Standing on the tallest spire of a vast city you had just conquered and set aflame. Who would not want to merge with the substance of fire and depart this world with the fresh taste of glory upon one’s lips? It is completely understandable that he should endeavor to do so. I applaud him for it! The unfortunate tragedy, however, is that he failed in his attempt. Although no one who had been there to witness the leap lived to tell the tale, the guards have a theory about how the commander had inadvertently cheated death.  It appears that the vast shell which stretched back from the middle of his forehead to the middle of his spine had not yet hardened since his previous molting; therefore, it had a rubbery consistency to it, which caused his forehead, upon impact with the cobblestones below, to bounce back up slightly, springing his body askew on a new trajectory which forced upon it a series of impressive-looking somersaults beyond the city walls, where he was able to fall to safety into the surrounding moat.  Submerged, he passed out, but this was no problem as his gills were extremely effective even in the deepest states of unconscious. When he awoke, the city circumscribed by the moat consisted of little more than a large mound of fine black granules; all had been reduced to powder. His armies awaited his return in the forest surrounding the city. He returned to them and they continued on their rampage, laying all to waste and razing every city to rubble.   Apparently, he has attempted similar leaps numerous times since, but has always been unsuccessful. At first, the officers tell me it was a ‘midlife crisis’ (I still do not understand the meaning of this term), but now apparently it has become a kind of ritual. Apparently, the number of leaps he has survived now numbers in the thousands, so one could say his suicide attempts have become old hat. They now say that he will be in to meet with me briefly prior to this evening’s leap. 
I await him now. I am slightly nervous actually.  Tired also. I have not slept very much recently. For three days, I lay awake in my bed listening to the beating of approaching military drums; I finally fell asleep as the assault commenced. However brief my sleep was—to be honest I cannot remember—it was a deep one and I found myself waking, completely lost, but buoyant, without the ballast of identity to weigh me down. I forgot my own name, where I was; I did not even know the word for “bed.” In the darkness all about me, everything glowed brightly; my lantern became the sun. At this first moment of rising, my instincts brought a swell of fear. I thought of the moon. In this state, how could I still know the moon? Was there one or were there two? Maybe there were more than two. It was reasonable to think so. Yet I did know the moon—that solitary moon, yes!—and it brought me comfort. Its light gave features to my surroundings, shape to my hands. The fear faded and I felt a sense of relief. The feeling lasted for a few brief moments before I remembered again who I was. This act of remembering felt like contamination. Is identity an external contaminant? Is all that comprises ‘Motiwala’ a trapped cloud of pollution circulating endlessly throughout this closed physical system? If so, how did it escape amidst my slumber? Why would it return? Is it a nocturnal entity that hunts by night and resides within me by day? 
Of course, I do not expect you to be able to answer such questions, and I know not why they should occur to me, except simply as a momentary diversion, an afterthought, perhaps, to allay my anxieties. Yet, I do find it strange that I cannot account completely for who I am, while at the same time, wishing to cling for dear life to this seemingly mutable and unreliable framework of self, as though it were my greatest possession of this world.  Perhaps it is. I have heard it said that memory is a sort of weed—for what is a weed really, other than an unwanted growth which flourishes in spite of those cohabiters who hold it in contempt?—a weed, most certainly, which drains the soil of its color, siphoning sustenance with slanted stems and graying granules; a weed which, after giving the fertile and fulsome field over to fruitless futility, colors its newly decrepit surroundings with deranged spotted sprouts ghastly against gray: this frightful blossom a well-orchestrated form of contamination apt to spread through that veneer of self, so as to manifest an abominable and craggy and deceptive likeness of identity far-removed from the original, albeit indistinguishable, for the roots of memory intertwine themselves most effectively with the roots of inherent self, resulting in a sustainable, but simultaneously coerced, nature of mutualism. I know no other way to give shape to this nameless lament, but in more convoluted terms. Suffice it to say that memory is an external organism, a corruption of the self; thus, a consciousness of even the most negligible purity can only sustain said purity so long as it is blessed by the absence of such a relentless hijacker.  Naturally, this is almost never the case.  Thus, as “Motiwala,” I have already been rendered impure, as I am already host to some miasmic parasite of whose essence I have little awareness. Now and again, in breezy quarters, this acerbic vapor catches a draft and abides a push, as might any cloud, to some secluded corner beyond reach and out of sight.  For a moment, I am unaware of its absence, for I know not what is gone, but after some time passes, a knell of glorious neglect resounds tinnily through my bones and vibrates over my skin.  And for that brief moment, I forget again, or maybe it is rather that I re-remember.  To be honest, I cannot be certain which.
The guards standing behind me find it strange that I feel compelled to tell you of such things. They find it strange in general that I have decided to write you at this moment, when most surely my fate will soon be determined. They do not understand the sort of bond I have forged with you. I have just apologized to them for saying so, and they were kind enough to admit that they have never experienced such a moment as I am experiencing now. Therefore, it is somewhat difficult for them to empathize.  I find it rather accommodating for them to have said so.  After all, it is only natural for me to assume that a field officer—which is what they appear to be, judging by the attire— is most often required to suppress his compassion for the sake of seeing his tasks through without hesitation. If one grows too squeamish or too sensitive at the wrong moment, small fires soon become wildfires, and wildfires infernos. Thus that mushy, touchy-feely drive for sentimentality needs to be quashed before it interferes with one’s sense of duty in the moment.  Surely, they’ve seen no shortage of men be cut down simply by being disengaged from the actions at hand. One must remain on the balls of one’s feet, vigilant always, reflexes primed for movement within even a fraction of a second. There is no time to get lost in one’s head, brooding over how such-and-such person feels about this-or-that. That is why I am surprised by their seeming disappointment at being incapable of empathizing with me, their prisoner. Looking at these men, I see a strict attention to duty, but also that attentive concern to the needs of their prisoner: a rare balance, indeed. These men are far different from the Royal Guard which was kept by Charismatic K, as I’m sure you can imagine.  Those men, by comparison, were too ruthless to have a shred of sympathy.  Then again, unlike these men, most of them were conscripted, others forced out of prisons and into the service.  The circumstances were different for Uncle K.  The expansion of Kaiiban interests spread his military so thin, that morale became less important than the weight of numbers.  Molting Roy has different goals, as you can see.  He does not need to hold territory, and so he can keep his forces lean and close under his command.  Also, I see that his men are fiercely loyal to him.  Surely, they are under his command because they wish to be.  It seems to me that armies of mercenaries and volunteers come attached with respectively different sets of characteristics and values. It is quite interesting for me to see, and surely I should take note of this, should I, too, someday come to command an army of my own (of course, when this chance avails itself, I must be aware that my military goals will bear a greater resemblance to those of Charismatic K than those of Molting Roy, for certainly I would wish to hold cities rather than raze them to ashes; thus, I must take what lessons I can from both and mold them in with my own strategy; certainly, one aspect of this would involve a consideration of the sacrifices made by each soldier who joins the legion, and how one might incentivize these individuals to reconcile themselves with these sacrifices). I’m certain these guards who stand behind me have given up a great deal to join the ranks of Molting Roy. Or perhaps, they’d lost a great deal before joining. One of them is telling me now of a woman for whom he had developed a wondrous affection. Thankfully, he is not offended that I continue writing this letter as he tells me the story. Oh! It seems his story is finished already. I have only written two full sentences since he started telling it.  I suppose he has a knack for explaining things concisely. From what I gather, he joined this army in order to quell the pain of losing her.  Apparently, she was a young untouchable girl who swept the concrete on his family estate, and he was the third son of an ex-officer of the Jaffy Imperial Army, who had received a vast plot of land as a share of his spoils for some victory in an arcane and now-forgotten war. They flirted from afar for quite a long time, but he never worked up the courage to cross that social barrier that separated them. Then, one day, the Jaffy Emperor was ousted by a military coup and the Separatist Army, in order to make an example of this family of Jaffy Loyalists, seized their lands, enslaved the girl along with all the other domestics, and set him and the rest of his family to flight.  He eventually joined a band of mercenary soldiers and you can probably get the rest. Actually, looking back, I must say that he did a better job of conveying a great deal in fewer words than I did. I now feel silly for my previous criticism regarding the form in which Molting Roy’s men speak. It is easy to see how far their communication skills have progressed since being forced into such a rigorous format of expression.
I now feel sharp talons settling over my shoulder. Is it HIM? Should I still be writing? I am hyperventilating and scared out of my mind! Why the devil am I continuing to write in spite of this? Perhaps it is who I think it is.  Yes, now I can hear the door opening and closing as the guards hurry out of the room. Why didn’t I hear the door open the first time? The door hinge gives off a distinct creaking sound. Whatever it is that has its talons on my shoulders now could very well have been in the room with me all along. Now that I think about it, I had a mound of clothing in the corner of the room by the washbasin that I was hoping to have washed later. It is conceivable that something or someone had been hiding under that mound of clothes. It is not a large mound, but a determined entity could squeeze itself to such powerful smallness as to render itself undetectable. I hear erratic breathing now and the talons are tightening. Am I bleeding from the shoulders? Yes I am…but why…WHY am I still writing? Is it strange for me to do so? Surely HE is here.  Yes, yes, I think I am in HIS presence—there can be no further doubt about this—but I am afraid to turn around to check, so I will simply keep writing this letter until something happens to-

With loving sincerity,
M.

Upon reading this letter, Didi felt the first flush of sentiment she had ever felt for this young man she had never met. She could not help but be concerned, for certainly he had become embroiled in something serious. Yet, at the same time, there seemed an almost carefree optimism to him, as though all should turn out well enough that he would eventually come to command his own army.  She wondered if anything could have happened to him, and if it did, whom it was that would have sent her this final and why. Could it have been the guards? It was possible, but what reason could they possibly have to go to the trouble of doing so, unless they were even more sympathetic to their prisoner than he could possibly imagine? No, this seemed far-fetched.  Then, maybe Motiwala was OK, after all, and he had sent it himself, but then why wouldn’t he bother to finish it?  Was he busy? Did he think he’d finished it, and caught up in all the excitement around him, decide to send it without giving it a final check? That seemed a little too careless.  And what’s more, he still signed and stamped the letter!  She couldn’t imagine him doing this by mistake.  In fact, there seemed to be no plausible situation in which a signed and stamped half-written letter could have reached her with no further explanation as to its lack of completion, unless this had occurred as the result of an error…or worse yet, out of some intention unknown to her. Whatever the reason, she had the image in her head of a Motiwala who had, in the midst of writing the letter, melted into pool of balmy liquid in the seat of his chair. The balm, then applied by Molting Roy to the outermost layer of his own scaly epidermis, became itself a new layer of skin to be integrated with the whole and later shed by this strange and fearsome composite of a beast. Perhaps, Motiwala had ceased to exist as a solitary entity, but now subsisted as part of this hybrid.  Then again, it was impossible to confirm this. It was more likely that he had voluntarily allied his own interests with those of Molting Roy, and when the right time came, he would take whatever steps were necessary to reclaim what was rightfully his.  The skin would, of its own volition, separate itself from the frame, when that frame has outlived its utility. It was easier to envision Motiwala as this nature of skin.
Certainly, if there were any hope for Kaiiba to be liberated again from the Republic, it would have to rest with someone with the will, intelligence and egoism of Motiwala.  However, in order to lead a successful revolution, he would first have to ingratiate himself to the masses, the proles in particular, who were the greatest in number, and who scarcely seemed to notice either way who was in charge, unless they saw a profound change in their own lifestyle (which, in most cases, they didn’t, thus indifference would have been an adequate substitute for allegiance). 
At the same time, the middle and upper classes seemed to flourish more under the administrative and military authority of the Republic than they had under self-rule. This would make things difficult for Motiwala, and she wondered if he realized—amidst the insulation of his academic institution, and moreover within that silent solitude of his erstwhile affliction—just how welcomed Republic-rule has been among the general populace.  
Did he realize? 
With all the charged rhetoric flying about in cafés and public squares, it was easy to assume that the people were plotting bloody revolution against the leadership. Naturally so, for who indeed did not crave at least some vague illusion of self-determination? Of ‘independence’—whatever that meant! Yet, in spite of the innumerable resistance factions and athletic organizations that conspired to displace the new administration, there could only be few among their membership who would be willing to state in plain terms—and without duress—that their lifestyle would change for the better without the rule of the Republic.  All but the most seriously deluded could easily see the scale of the logistical realities around them, and only clung to their tribes out of a sense of pride, or more likely, a fear of loss.  Even if they opposed the Republic they could not eschew the advances it brought and the social programs that lent to their lives better health and greater convenience. The oppression they hated—Yes! Absolutely!—and that feeling of lacking self-determination—Most certainly! Naturally! Without a doubt! Well…so long as this was deemed important! Was it?—but no one could argue credibly against the fact that the Republic brought greater order and affluence than could otherwise be expected under self-rule. The system worked, but few were willing to say so, except with a hint of begrudging irritation. Therefore, any resistance to the order, any conspiracy to take back Kaiiba seemed more a hobby than anything else—a pastime for amateurs who sought interruption from the drudgery of work, home and family, and who had little hope of achieving much beyond a sense of sportsmanship and camaraderie with their fellow teammates. Most were possibly too proud to admit it, but for the majority of members in these resistance factions, sedition was little more than a form of social recreation. The subcultures formed by these groups, though tribalistic in nature, allowed them to forge strong altruistic bonds, and further served as an outlet for that resentment and wounded pride which was certain to be felt by the conquered.  The Republic not only knew about such resistance factions, but had expected them in advance, and had even earmarked a portion of the yearly budget toward offering subsidies to these, as they termed it, “cultural preservation coalitions.” Of course, the difference in terminologies used was subject to vary according to the perspective from which these organizations were viewed. Some members of the tribes and teams may not have appreciated the dismissive nature of such a label, but this did not stop the tribal and team leadership from applying for the quarterly subsidies and using these special allowances on uniforms, sporting equipment, recruitment, events and parties, and on rental fees for locker rooms, athletic fields and meeting spaces.  
The faction leaders and team coaches were sensible in this respect.  They understood the importance of working within the system in order to reap the rewards it had to offer, and the rewards were many.  There was talk of loose restrictions regarding access to certain uncategorized discretionary funds.  This was just talk, of course, but it was ubiquitous enough that Didi had heard whispers of it more than a few times. Headlines in fringe newspapers, Masafumi’s rightist rag in particular, alluded to the possibility of corruption, but any aspersions cast—even implicitly—were often retracted the next day and accompanied by dubiously profuse apologies.  Masafumi looked nervous at times, peering over his shoulder when emerging from an alley and turning the corner on the street. Was he being followed? Didi, naturally, didn’t know the situation well, but suspected that a money tree had been planted in plain sight of those who had the sense to shake it. Presumably, it had been planted there by those in Senate whose coffers had not yet been lined to their own satisfaction. Most tribal leaders and coaches, these Senators possibly understood, were opportunistic enough to shake a money tree when they saw it.  They respected and supported the ambition of any who were willing to do so, and smiled upon any who sought their friendship thereafter. 
Any half-decent coach, for example, should understand game theory well enough to know that some scenarios might play towards an outcome of mutual advantage; a strategic alliance with the right patron saint could even go so far as to transform the halls of the Senate into a playing field of sorts.  And the points a coach gained on this field could be used in whatever way he saw fit, or even peddled out to a third-party for a price—monetary or otherwise. If he had an agenda of his own, off the field, the points he earned could benefit that agenda. If not, he still retained the points for future games, so that they might be redeemed whenever the rules proved too oppressive for even the boldest of strategists to manuever. 
Of course, almost no one spoke of the obvious criminality of such operations, but this could only have been because anyone privy enough of their abstruse inner mechanics stood to benefit greatly from public apathy, while those who had a mild comprehension, but who stood to benefit little from the situation, still tacitly understood that they were expected to deny its existence, even to themselves.  In such cases, it was possibly the fear that kept these latter individuals compliant. In spite of this, there somehow remained a white cloud of purity surrounding these organizations, for their existence had originally been predicated upon the declaration that they were pure in intention. It seemed imprudent now to let such an image collapse inward on itself because of some scandal or the other. Thus, the only way to maintain the appearance of purity was to resort to rigorous self-deception. 
Most of the younger team and tribal members, for example, though vaguely conscious of some shady dealings, seemed oddly uninterested in the highly ambiguous quid pro quo defining the self-contradictory interests of their organizations. They even went to great lengths to deny it when confronted. They further refused to acknowledge any claim that the Republic might have seen the existence of opposition factions as a necessity for maintaining its social hierarchy. In a sense, this purposeful disinclination to probe certain truths was rooted in an incentive that aligned quite well with their naïve optimism. The youth, by disregarding the ugly inner-workings of the systems to which they adhered, could still skillfully employ a façade of pure intention to spark meaningful social change.  And in spite of the corruption of such systems, they even seemed to feel with a kind of admirable sincerity that their initiatives were truly important, even if, in the heat of a fight for a certain aim, the nature of the aim itself became blurred and somewhat hollow.  Still, caught up in the urgency of their movements and of applying every ounce of fresh, virile energy towards the immaculate moment, the drab, concrete realities underlying their cause did not matter to the young, and perhaps this was why revolution still remained a possibility.  Youth is the conflagrant arc of every fiery revolution.  And certainly the younger they are, the more given they would be to a kind of unfocused fanaticism for what they assume—speciously and naïvely at times—to be their so-called cause.  It is not the cause that fascinates them as much as the momentum toward change that it engenders, and its utter interruption of constancy.  The young are otherwise so easily plagued by boredom and impatience and uncertainty. It feels so good for once to be sure of something and to apply one’s boundless energy for the sake of this surety.  Perhaps, this hormone-driven impulse was similarly what caused Motiwala to believe that any change he could bring to the land would not only be welcomed, but would also prove to be for the general betterment of all. And maybe he was not wrong to think so.  His adolescent hormones could very well become the catalysts of a vast and far-sweeping change across the landscape!  He already had the will, the intelligence, the egoism…and—yes!—he also had the hormones: it was this fourth component which should prove most vital in seeing that change through.  The political landscape was forged and hammered to shape more definitively by vigor of chemistry than through any rational movement of parts.  Thus, it seemed unsportsmanlike to rule his aspirations out completely.
“Ha ha! So…did he really get off with a Heisenpig?”
Didi emerged from her reverie.  She and the young teammates were approaching a square. She could hear an effeminate-sounding male voice buzzing on in a mellifluous tone, and the hum of a thousand drones murmuring back with approval. She could not hear the words, but knew well that she was approaching a hive of sorts.  Her adolescent escorts, still flitting with distracted trajectory around her, carried on with their discursive interrogation.
“Yeah…talking about sexual deviancy! Tell us about him and the pig. What’s ‘is name again?  Your li’l bro-” 
“DIDI!” screamed an enthusiastic voice. They had arrived at the square, and Luna was now running at her with her arms out. “Didi, my darling!”  Her eyes fell on her brother and his associates. “Oy! Stop pestering!” she said. “Didi Didi Didi…what a lovely surprise!”
“So you hadn’t sent them to-“
“Oh, but you must meet Lustitar.  You know him, don’t you? The poet? He has a mustache and wears these fancy vests that-“
“Yes, I’m sure he must be very profound and fashionable. But really I must be going!”
“Where are you going then? You are refusing a meeting with Lustitar?”  This last bit, said with a kind of half-incredulity, half-outrage froze Didi in her tracks. She became aware of the fact that her insistent friend was now tugging at her elbow with two arms as though the forcefulness of her entreaty should be sufficient argument against any rational justification to be elsewhere. “Come on, now! He saw you passing!  He’s been asking about-yerrrr urrrrrrr…” Luna was now speaking through clenched teeth as she dug her heels in, leaned back and put the full force of her weight into each heave, as might a young, pestering child to the arm of a distracted and unrelenting adult.  Finally, Didi sighed and looked into the round pudgy face and the dark watery eyes of this girl. There was an exuberant, yet pathetic quality to her, perhaps it was her lack of self-confidence—it was difficult to say really—but Didi couldn’t help but be saddened and moved by it.   And when the short, snout-like nose of this girl started sniffling, Didi began to feel so overwhelmed by guilt and embarrassment as to nod merely for the sake of sparing herself any further pain that could arise out of such a pitiful display. Her acquiescence brought a cheerful hoot from the short, stocky girl and her heretofore unseen troupe of short, stocky comrades.  This dumpy gaggle apparently had proclaimed themselves enthusiastic groupies of Lustitar, or at least, so it seemed from their sashes, armbands and berets, all of which were embroidered with a logo fashioned using the first letter of his name.  Now, Luna was pointing the logo out to Didi, “Like it?” she asked. “My friend designed it. Kiyoko her name is. Perhaps you don’t know her. She couldn’t make it today. You would like her. She is tall and gorgeous like you are now.”   
Didi smiled embarrassedly at this last phrase which seemed to remind her that she had until recently resembled in form and feature the members of this small-statured brigade.  Something about that last comment bothered her, as though her appearance gave them cause to feel inferior.  She had not met this Kiyoko, but could not help but wonder if she had achieved a higher status within the group on the basis of her looks. Kiyoko could very well have been the leader, for who else but a leader would have the boldness to preside over the fashion motif of this group?  They looked up to Kiyoko.  She could hear it in the reverent tone with which Luna spoke.  And now, judging by their expressions, they felt inferior to Didi as well.  They did not know her well enough to admire her, but surely her appearance could have been sufficient to gain some measure of respect.  Yet, out of respect often arose envy, sometimes malice. On the other hand, out of a similar breed respect, a devotion could also take root.  The uncertainty of the present moment imbued them with a nebulous respect which could go in either direction, depending on whether she would further their interests, or threaten them.  She felt a tightness in her chest.  There was no need to feel pressure in this situation, but for some reason she did.  She would have been better off at home, if not for the complications which had been created for her by her uncle. She suddenly wished she hadn’t changed at all in appearance.  There was something beautiful and uncomplicated about being like this group of girls that aroused in her a kind of inexplicable envy, but she also knew this was a selfish sentiment which ultimately demeaned and desexualized them. She was just about to start hating the world for dictating the way a woman should feel about herself when her ruminations were again interrupted by Luna: “I’m sure Kiyoko can make something for you that would fit—but oh, wait, I do have a spare armband here in my…bag.  Last week, I got caught in the rush toward the stage at the end of one of Lustitar’s performances and fell forward into the mud. It was raining that day. Nearly got trampled actually. Anyway, the arm band I had was ruined, so I had a spare knitted for me. Where is Kiyoko today anyway?” 
This last question was directed to the awkward girl with fogged spectacles standing next to her, who looked more like an elderly possum than a young woman.  Didi’s eyes scrutinized the old possum, feeling a certain pity, for surely this girl, who was presumably no older than she, withered before she could blossom in the overpowering presence of all those slow-paced fossils of her household who made it their duty as elders to inure her to the bleak realities of the world, and to further inundate her opinions and lectures and criticisms as to give her no room to grow upward in her own light, but instead to hunch forward to a permanent slump of the shoulders amidst those faint, scattered rays of self-defeat.  Didi had met several girls like this both here and in Vasalla; many grew to become bitter, man-hating spinsters with no shortage of unsolicited opinions and admonitions pertaining to moral and social propriety. For the moment, the girl possessed neither the conviction nor the confidence for this nature of smugness to shine through, but the warped and intricate boundaries of sound moral conscience were molding themselves like candle wax around every self-denied experience and hardening to a crust at the edge of every silent judgment made of those in her surroundings who yielded to their unrestrained capriciousness and who devolved to frivolity as a consequence.  Didi could now see this young girl’s eyes on her.  There was no malice in them, but the wheels in her head were evidently turning.  Didi knew not what she was being judged for, but only that she was being judged.  The sudden quiver of the bottom lip of this girl confirmed this for her, for certainly she did not want the nature of her thoughts known to those around her.  Didi’s face broke into a smile, half out of the hope of lending assurance, half out of the satisfaction of having effected discomfort in the disapproving little possum.
“Well?” Luna raised an eyebrow.
“Oh…well,” the possum muttered, uncomfortably scratching the back of tiny ears, which had previously been concealed by that thicket of brownish hair, “She is at the Department of…uh…Meat.”  An obvious lie!  There was no such entity. Luna nodded her head slowly as though this answer meant anything at all.
“Too bad. She’s missing out!” Luna said matter-of-factly. Didi continued looking curiously at the possum, who seemed to sink back into the crowd of girls, avoiding eye contact with all around her, but no further explanation presented itself.  By the time the possum passed out of sight, Didi found herself already detesting her for reasons she herself could scarcely comprehend.  “The Department of Meat,” Luna repeated to herself with a chuckle.
There was a silence of a couple minutes in which no one in the gaggle of girls said anything at all, but simply stared at Didi expectantly.  “Well, it was nice to meet-” Didi offered finally with a hint of embarrassment, but the heat rays projected from their eyes seemed to dry the words up in her mouth. Her throat, as a consequence, became so dry as to produce a cough.  Her eyes watered with acid tears from the momentary pain as, in her mind, she sternly rebuked her own salivary glands, hoping to rouse them from their sudden hebetude.  When finally they reawoke from idleness, she heard herself sigh with appreciation at the rejuvenation that came with that plenitude of fluid, smacking her mouth now and again to distribute the moisture evenly, especially in those zones of profound aridity, and then she swallowed the remainder; but when she tried to open her mouth to speak again, another fierce look from the girls—this time even more sinister than the last—compelled her to close it. The gobs of saliva stopped up her esophagus for a moment to produce a lump in her narrowing throat.  A dull, anxious pain reached her forehead.
She looked about the square. For a moment, she thought she spotted playing over by a circular spinney of trees in the distance the group of boys who had escorted her to the square, for they had all scattered in different directions the moment Luna had greeted her; but, in fact, this gang of wee tykes, who ran about weaving in and out of trees, stomping ants, and taking running punts at the pies and dessert cakes of nearby picnicking lovers, were clothed and painted in different colors from those of her inquisitors.  What is more, they seemed brasher and more rambunctious.  For a moment, she felt lucky that she had been interrogated by a comparatively tame band of young hooligans. She felt suddenly grateful to Yuri for sheltering her from dangers of which she was otherwise unaware.  Perhaps, the streets were no place for a young lady to be walking on her own.  Having grown up in the sprawling red light district of Vasalla, she imagined Bahlia shouldn’t be much of a concern, but apparently she had misjudged the place.  
Scanning her surroundings further, she noticed more flocks of boys of various age zipping boldly between this human aggregate and that like little hummingbirds hovering in with precision. Was this just horseplay? Intelligence gathering? Some were circulating what looked to be pamphlets: newsletters possibly espousing warped fringe ideologies.  And as though to confirm this assessment, Didi suddenly overheard the thread of a spirited conversation nearby referring to an old disheveled warehouse, somewhere near the freight yards, housing a purloined Bunnu-5-era Royal Printing Press the size of a room.  Until recently, the machine had been used for the mass printing of leaflets and handbills, but apparently, in some circles, a certain notion had taken root that it should prove of greater benefit if implemented for the purposes of flooding the markets with counterfeit currency, thereby devaluing the Republic’s Julep dramatically. Others, however, seemed to feel that a currency deluge like this would be an ineffectual exercise, as the arcane algorithms defining market forces might serve to moderate the sweeping blow, or at the very least, affect a diffusion of its tsunamic impact throughout the vast expanse of an economic framework which branched with ceaseless consistency into innumerable sectors like broad canals feeding without terminus into progressively narrower sub-canals, dampening almost immediately the force of the intended tidal wave, and thereupon giving fair warning for a scramble to higher ground by the more far-sighted and savvy of traders; this was to say nothing of the holistic adaptive capacities possessed by the physiology of the market body itself, which would allow it to mitigate the creeping spread of this new tumescent agent, and which, by the sliding macromechanics of Protozoic Equity Assimilation, would afford it the providential flexibility to employ absorption and self-organization with the aim of integrating into its entirety this alien entity, whose desired components would thereupon conform seamlessly with the collective, but whose unneeded and irrelevant aspects would be expelled swiftly in a melodic burst of fiscal flatulence; naturally, this organic, however amoebic, process of intake and restructuring may even affect a boost in the legitimacy and dominance of the paper Julep on the boards of open exchanges; thus, surely, the printing press was better used for winning hearts and minds than for any otherwise dilettantish attempts at economic jiggery-pokery. Of course, this was merely a minority viewpoint held by very few among the many rival groups which had access to this antique machine.  It seemed that most were quite irrationally taken with the idea of wreaking whatever havoc possible upon the foundations of the Republic, regardless of any unintentional repercussions their actions could bring upon the general populace; in their eyes, an undermining act such as this not only vindicated them for their previous failures, but could also serve to unite them and their brethren under one flag in their defiance toward their oppressors. In any case, this was all conceivably a moot argument.  None of these groups could actually profess any claim over the printing press itself, as there existed an independent council of anonymous industrialists, sympathetic to the counterculture (at least ‘sympathetic’ by appearances), who presided over when, how and by whom the equipment and its accompanying resources were to be deployed.  Naturally, one did not have access to the motives or the reasoning underlying the decisions this council made. This did not seem to bother the groups using the machine, as it was their general assumption that even if each faction disagreed with the others on details, their interests were, more or less, aligned. The same, it seemed, was assumed of the purveyors of the printing press.  Didi sighed, for it seemed to her suddenly that there was a key factor missing from this equation that may never be known.  She wondered if others here felt the same as her.
The square itself was packed with no shortage of cliques, the members of which were youngish and seemingly middle class, in spite of the consciously ill-cared for rags they wore which bespoke a certain pomp of humility carried for the sake of either disparaging outright or spurring from lassitude those complacent and neglectful peers of lesser compassion who had, thus far, misspent their youthful energies in favor of hedonistic self-gratification over meaningful social action. One such hedonist could be seen to stand out in his fine-tailored business suit amidst a group of rag-clad friends who berated him for his selfishness and sense of entitlement. He offered no defense, and even looked slightly embarrassed, as members from other groups broke ranks and joined in on the assault. Everyone dressed like peasants—presumably this was some kind of fashion trend, for Didi could see no evidence of the presence of actual people from traditionally lower castes, even though they would generally be seen wearing the same sort of grayish rags.  How did she know none of these people were from the lower castes?  For one thing, it was in the way they carried themselves.  There was a way they spoke, a gaze they held in their interactions, and even in their body language when they were not interacting that radiated a certain confidence.  This fad of dressing down only had the appearance of humility while retaining much of the arrogance implicit in any attempt toward affecting modesty.  That arrogance had a certain flare to it that achieved full brilliance even in the slightest facial contortion: be it the furrow of the brow, the wince of disapproval, even the remotest facial tick brought forth from concealed emotion—all of these underscored a kind of expectation, a self-regard otherwise absent in the lower classes who, through sheer lack of social mobility, hoped for, and thereby resented, very little. She remembered now a face she had seen one day among a group of ditch-digging untouchables.  It was a young face and it, too, had a brightness that caused it to stand out from the others.  She had been, all at once, drawn to and disgusted by this garishness of mien, for, from afar, this individual seemed an imposter, a charlatan perhaps.  As she thought back to that face, however, she remembered a certain genuine pride, different from the groups of young people who stood now before her because it was not at all a pride derived from naïve self-satisfaction—and certainly not the sort prevalent among the insulated and the unimaginative—but it was, instead, a quiet dignity with respect to his station in life, as though he had accepted it willfully, rather than having had it forced upon him.  She could not at all remember his features, but in memory now, she found that face attractive.
“Attractive, isn’t he?” Luna remarked.
“Huh?”
“Lustitar.  Surely it’s not your first time seeing him.”
“Well…I’ve been busy.”
“’Kept in’ sounds more like it.  That mother of yours would chain you to the wall if she could get away with it.  Is she still worried about that Anup fella? Thought that matter was settled. Anyway, that’s why we hadn’t had a chance to invite you to any Lusties meetings yet.”
“Lusti-“
“Lustitar’s Lusty Wenches,” said one of the taller among the chubby trolls. She was stuffing her face with slabs of fried butter as she spoke. “Lusties, for short.  Good name, eh?”
“This is some kind of sports team?”
“Well…” Luna said with some thought, “It’s like we said. We’re his groupies.”
“And you do what exactly?”
“Oh…you know! This and that. Read his poetry. Sometimes we organize events and have him speak.  We’re having one at a café next week.  I was just going over the schedule with him earlier, when you walked by.  He seemed to show quite an interest in you.”
“Me?” Didi’s eyes fell on the Lusties, who still gazed upon her with no hint of self-consciousness. Before, she had simply thought they were looking at her expectantly. Certainly there was a ferocity to their glare, but she had only assumed this to have been a natural consequence of her being an outsider. But now, another dimension made itself perceptible, for beyond that murk of mistrust, she detected also a hint of envy, possibly even resentment.  “Well…” she said carefully. “I guess I should be flattered. Which one is he again?”
There arose a collective gasp, mostly from the Lusties, but from surrounding groups as well.  The gasp seemed to carry its own ripple effect, spreading from group to group from one side of the square to the other.  When the final group at the far edge of the square had finished gasping, there was a moment of silence, and then uproar.  Didi had not realized she had spoken so loudly and had never been in a situation in which she had angered so many.  Even the group of people who had been lambasting their dapper, ragless comrade turned their attentions away from the dissident and focused the full force of their animosity toward the ignorant girl who dressed modestly, but who, nonetheless, lacked the courage to appear in shambles. Luna held up a hand and announced, “She has a strict mother who doesn’t let her out. She does not know any better.”  In fact, she did not say this in a very loud voice, but the entirety of the crowd seemed to respond to it immediately.  The roar subsided, and they returned to what they were doing, as though nothing had happened at all.  “We cannot fault her,” Luna explained to her fellow Lusties. “Should we not be tolerant of those who have not been exposed?”
“It is our job to enlighten!” the possum volunteered proudly.
“Precisely!  That’s the spirit, girls!” Luna barked with approval. “First of all, I feel silly even saying this, but Lustitar is the handsome gentleman over there on stage.  The one with the vest and the mustache.”  Didi strained her eyes to see the tiny dot on the stage in the distance.  Was that one person or two people?  It was two people, but she could not make out if they were male or female, much less whether or not they had mustaches or vests.
“Right.” She said, in any case.
”Now…what’s most important for you to know about Lustitar is that he has given up so much in order to do what he does now.  Few others are as knowledgeable about his past as I am, and thus, would not be able to provide much insight into his character. In this respect, you are lucky to have access to my wealth of knowledge. Do you feel lucky? Yes?  Splendid splendid. You’ve no idea how happy I am to hear that. Really. Truly.  Then, allow me to continue.  Let’s see. Where was I? Oh yes…I was about to tell you just how much he’s had to give up.  Where to begin? Hmmm?” her eyes drifted inward to sift through flutters of pages retrieved from cabinets nestled deep in the obscurest quarters of her vast archives, before emerging again a mere half-minute later, triumphant, as though having located a treasured item in a darkened cellar, yet all the while overwhelmed by a certain recrudescent urgency. 
“Well, to start with,” she spoke quickly now, her words spewing forth with an intimidating sense of purpose, “he comes from an extremely good family of enormous wealth.  And when I say a good family, I mean one that is well regarded.  Or, at least, it was well regarded until untold misfortunes befell them.  He was born in Bas Padoun and moved with his family shortly thereafter to the rural province of Tharkus, where his father had been appointed by King Noramus to oversee the crop yield, extraction and refining of a certain medicinal substance declared illegal in his own land, but exported to the warlords and chieftains of certain lands where he had military interests. The business was extremely profitable and the family estate was huge with thousands of serfs and domestic servants.  Of course, being the rural area that it was, there were no schools, so he had a private tutor who saw to all his academic needs.  Unfortunately, the tutor himself was a lonely, old monk who had certain unsavory needs of his own which needed tending.  And so, at a tender age, poor Lustitar was first exposed to the corrupting appetites of humanity.  Faced with one’s own vulnerability, most would crumble in the face of such depravity. Lustitar, however, understood it immediately…and forgave it.  However, it was not long before he was spared of the old man’s predations, for the tutor had been offered an even more reputable position as tutor to the newly born twins of King Noramus. Worried for the welfare of the princes and bravely undiverted by the flood of his own victim’s guilt, Lustitar informed his mother of the danger posed to the twins. Upon seeing the tears of his mother, he satisfied himself with the assumption that the matter should be properly attended to by the adults, for being of such a young age and of such naïve character, he still assumed that the world occupied by those advanced in age had devised for itself already, through the myriad meditations, tribulations, and insights of the wise and the repentant, an advanced conception of justice unrivaled by any imaginable by a mere child, for certainly they would have had a good bit more time than himself to work out how best to deal with those whose actions proved caustic to the Common Good, both in public and private spheres.  Of course, as we all know, and as Lustitar reminds us in his writings, the world of adults is more prone to self-interest, corruption and indecision than the hapless child could possibly fathom—to be honest, I have never experienced this realization firsthand, but I can only take him at his word.  The young child had sadly failed to realize that his mother, an overly emotional and hysterical woman prone to snap decisions and atrocious judgment, leapt at the advice dealt her by her personal astrologist and set about on a highly public, highly aggressive campaign to smear forever the reputation of this man who had violated the purity of her son.  She paid scribes to write leaflets and post them throughout the marketplaces of the town of Bas Padoun—which, as it was, lay hundreds of miles from their estate; in addition to this, she started new and vicious rumors that she disseminated among the servants, knowing well of their tendency to spread the scandals of her own household to servants they knew from other households, she even had lewd pictures of the tutor molesting children painted in those alleyways of the royal city known to be used by servants from the palace.  Unfortunately for her, the severity of her preemptive decision brought more blowback to her and her family than any positive consequences.  It seemed that she had already, at that time, been developing something of a reputation for misunderstandings and for unsubstantiated attacks on the character and integrity of others.  She was highly sensitive and incapable of admitting her own mistakes, so in social gatherings, she was known for explosive outbursts and calumnious accusations.  She also had an extremely bad reputation for her treatment of servants, even by the standards of the higher nobility, who were already so otherwise predisposed to show little compassion or mercy for those relegated to the rigors of servitude.  In private circles, it was whispered that she was, in fact, a generous spirit, but that the full force of her generosity was aimed only at her own family, so much as to bankrupt her of any remaining altruism for those outlying her brood.  She was known for having her servants whipped for the slightest mistakes, for sending pig feces as presents to those whom she suspected—often unjustly—of betrayal, and she had a propensity of reducing those who had the audacity to stand up to her to utter shambles.  In short, she was an erratic and melodramatic tyrant! Hence, the aspersions she cast only brought the wicked tutor the pity of the masses, and toward her and her issue, the blossomings of a well-nurtured contempt.  Meanwhile, the tutor did a good job of playing the martyr and spoke modestly of the ‘unfortunate conditions’ he had had to endure in the house of this poor sick woman.  By this, he earned great accolades and honors. His wage was raised, a new school was built and dedicated to him, and he was placed in charge of educating all the children of the royal family. How could it be that this depraved human being was allowed to advance even further in his station while the honest suffered at his expense?  This is what the young Lustitar was compelled to ask himself.  However, his sufferings saw no end there.  
“Lustitar’s father, it is said, was something of a tyrant.  I cannot be sure if this is a fair assessment.  There could be no doubt that he came from a generation in which his way of thinking was common.  How, after all, will future generations look upon what we take for granted as ‘common sense?’  Additionally, we must allow for the fact that their cultural conception of family was different from our own.  We might view them as too austere in their preservation of archaic moral directives, too kin-selective and xenophobic with regard to other clans (which is to say that they mollycoddle their own and dispassionately exploit all outlying ‘dreck’ to their collective advantage), and furthermore they are too intrusive in the rearing and molding of each individual who is branded with the clan surname; on the other hand, they might view us as arrogantly self-absorbed, severely lacking in filial piety and grossly negligent in our reciprocity of good turns dealt us by our blood relations.  Nevertheless, it seems fair to say that Lustitar’s father had certain set ideas as to the direction of his son’s academic studies and professional growth.  
“In spite of his early disillusionment with the concept of human justice, young Lustitar was ordered to study law.  His father sent him to the port city of Bas Tbdarnigl to stay with the family of his brother, who was a barrister in the high court. There, Lustitar first came under the private tutelage of the venerable Sir Bassett, a retired and somewhat embittered magistrate who sought a disciple to teach, in order that he might keep his mind occupied and thereby slow the onset of senility. Sir Bassett arrived daily in the late morning and sat with young Lustitar in the dark, mildew-smelling library of the barrister’s home.  With the shades drawn to block out the blistering city heat, the two sat hunched over books throughout the day, straining their eyes in the dim light.  Sir Bassett spoke in strict, commanding tones and Lustitar was only allowed to speak when an answer was required of him.  Furthermore, his catechism was delivered in such a closed-question format that he was only expected, at first, to utter a perfunctory ‘yea’ or ‘nay’ at the time and in the manner expected of him. The curriculum this cynical senior devised focused solely on the utilitarian aspects of the administration of justice, but ventured very little outside of its narrow parameters.  Thus, Lustitar was given almost no exposure to anything Bassett deemed superfluous or obsolete to the functional workings of the modern legal environment. All but the most basic conceptions of moral and political philosophy were ignored, as were the maths and the sciences.  Reading literature, even for leisure, was harshly opposed as a source of confusion, and was even, in some cases, severely punished.  Sir Bassett, it seemed, had a pronounced dislike for what he referred to as “cloudy thinking,” and for what the rest of us might otherwise refer to as exceptions, contradictions or paradoxes.  He was the sort of individual who believed that one must favor one truth over the other, rather than hold two or more opposing truths in balance, giving priority to those which were most relevant to the matter at hand. For example, he did not like all this pretentious talk of equality before the law, when, in fact, laws were most often made for the sake of justifying and upholding perceived entitlements, as well as favoring the preservation of social boundaries within a clearly defined hierarchy.  ‘An administrator of justice must never waver, must never entertain ambiguities, must never allow for extenuating circumstances,’ he would say, ‘Even the term, administrator of justice is an empty term, for most certainly justice is, itself, an arbitrary entity.  Do not make the mistake of buying into such whimsical falsities for the sake of glorifying your own role. Even if equality is achieved, people will soon become bored with their lot in life.  Eventually, it will awaken a feeling in the majority of their collective repression from self-actualization. This will lead to greater unrest. Even in the most corrupt, least egalitarian hierarchies, we find within ourselves the capacity to restrict that oppressed sensibility to certain forgettable classes of individual, who through heredity and custom and religious faith will seek to crave little of what they are lacking anyway, and who would, therefore, require only the stale crumbs wiped from our tabletops, and other than that, only the barest of necessities which would, in any case, remain just slightly out of reach in order to lend something to which they might aspire.  Though it is, without doubt, inequitable, this balance grants us the utmost stability as a society.  It is our role to ensure this sort of stability.  We are administrators of social order by means of oppression—little more!  Some are on the winning side, others on the losing side. We make sure the winners remain winners.  Corruption may exist, but the masses will forgive that which they do not see.’  Thus clearing any doubt as to his role in the legal mechanism, Lustitar accepted the wisdom of his mentor with a light heart, free from the responsibility that he would otherwise have assumed toward his fellow man, were he truly an administrator of any degree of justice.  This was merely a job, a profession.  The cynical masses kept such low standards of administrators of law that nothing especially was expected of them; thus, he wasn’t to expect anything especially of himself. When he reached adulthood, he enrolled in a law school in Alpha City.  Due to his sensitivity for the subtleties of language, he became extremely fluent in the speaking and writing of advanced Legalese.  
“This wondrous language he had come to adopt enthralled him immensely. If he had been given proper exposure to the sciences, perhaps he would have been similarly impressed by these in the importance given for details and in the extreme specificity afforded every inquiry. My father, who is a scientist and chemical researcher for the defense industry, once told me that Lustitar might have fared as well in the pure and applied sciences as he had in law, for the lexicon of the latter rivals the former in its richness of exactitudes and in its built-in skepticism with respect to the acuity of human intuition. Of course, Lustitar had had no scientific background; so it should be no small wonder how easily he managed to latch on to this low-context language, which was so concretely and logically-defined, and whose intention was to leave very little, if any, room for varying interpretation, and almost no need for speculation. Could this language—this Legalese— not, after all, be employed for the purposes of seeking a greater meaning? Certainly, there was some elusive meaning beyond his grasp—something hidden in hollow chambers just beyond the walls of his bedroom where he lay at night crying in the darkness, some apparition whose movements he could hear, but whose form he could not witness—it was such nature of beast which could give him a firm and rational comprehension of the justice inherent in the molestations of his former tutor, firm and rational enough that he could finally see why no consequences need have been visited upon this monk, this man of god who caused such ceaseless and unbearable trauma. God would surely favor His own in the divine administration of justice.  Thus, Lustitar could only be left to his own tools for making sense of this.  
“And so there could be no doubt as to his vast excitement when he had been told by Sir Bassett upon undertaking his first study of basic Legalese that it should prove to be the ‘greatest tool for the purposes of Inquisition’ ever devised by man.  I cannot be sure if Sir Bassett’s use of the word ‘Inquisition’ was intended exactly in the way that Lustitar received it, for surely the venerable senior’s conception of ‘inquisition’ had a more expedient, confrontational, even accusatory tone to it, than the academic, exploratory connotation that Lustitar derived from the word.  In any case, one cannot deny the questions which wrack the young mind with curiosity as to the inner dynamics of Truth.  There developed in the young Lustitar an earnest and hopeful desire to seek the essential motives of nature—which is to say, he sought to understand the underlying fundament along which nature’s forces aligned their movements and dealt out behavioral incentives to their clientele in the ecosystem. Were he inclined to the maths and sciences, he would seek the underlying algorithm of Truth; with the tools of legalism at his command, however, he was more impelled to seek it as though it were some elusive subclause either yet to be devised, or otherwise buried in an arcane legal text—and, if not covered by the first or the second, then surely present in some code of natural law of whose existence he had not as yet made fair acquaintance. In any case, it existed somewhere and legalism would be the tool he employed in its retrieval. 
“Unfortunately for him, his enthusiasm for the language would prove to be his own undoing, for certainly the intentions of those around him were far from similar. Most of the legal minds around him were shameless in professing that their studies of law came less out of a pursuit of truth or social justice than out of a pursuit of personal fortune, and, in some cases, family honor.”
“Whatever that means!” said one of the Lusties.
“Yeah!  ‘What honor lies in empty distinction, in valid profession, but negated self?’”
“OH! I love that line! That’s from The Bells of Temperance, right?”
“No, idiot! That’s from-“
“Shut up everyone! I’m telling a story!” Luna finally said after the commotion was allowed to carry on for some time.  Didi noticed that more girls had joined the group since Luna had started telling her story.  Were these existing members, or had their numbers actually increased in this short amount of time?  Maybe they had defected from other groups. The clouds in the sky brought a brief twilight dimness to her surroundings rendering each face indistinguishable from the next. In the darkness, she could make out certain bright colors and patterns that shone outward amidst the browns and grays otherwise worn by the young people of this plaza. She no longer detected humans about her, but forms occupying fabric moving restlessly between aggregates like dust once in union and immediately again in separation. Men—she perceived these shapes as male—stood with backs to the bark of the sporadically available trees, hands in pockets, shoulders hunched as though mimicking overhanging limbs.  These were men of the forest who, when they were away from public squares, lingered in copses, watching the trees stupidly and envying their immobility as though the answers man had lost through ceaseless movement and relentless cannibalism could be found rooted there amidst the stolid wisdom of those who remained free from the curse of freedom—of conscious will—and exempt from the shame of consequence derived from independent action. Looking about the square, there seemed no shortage of circles one could freely join, if one so desired. The recurrent theme seemed to be the need for social change.  It struck her that, in spite of the utter importance that the members of this group afforded themselves and their respective causes, this activity was little more to them than a hobby. She wondered if all social change was spurred by hobbyists who were not otherwise busy training in a trade or a craft, making money or contributing to their family income. There were enough worries to be attended to on the small scale that one might have the leisure to worry about the large.  Of course there were cases in which oppressive conditions, such as extreme poverty or abuse of power were to be addressed by the masses; however, on the large scale, youth movements only seemed a byproduct of misapplied and under-utilized energies, for certainly the energy of youth was in abundant supply, but having no sufficient outlet was pressed often to invent its own. Surely the young wanted their energy to mean something, possibly to be used for the purposes of change, even when change was not relevant. There was nothing significant in their thinking that set them apart from their elders. In fact, they were all products of the same traditions of upbringing and of the same familial institutions and would, thusly, prove to be no different from their elders when enough time has passed—craving constancy and scoffing at the flighty, unfocused aspirations of the young.  They craved articulation for their uncertainty and impatience, but had not the experience yet to understand in full what articulation meant.  To them, eloquence took the form of an angst-ridden complaint, the value of whose grievance exceeded any longform rational solutions.  Outside of their groups, each of these individuals had families to whom they went home.  Presumably, in the absence of their peers, they immediately reverted back to the ways of their clan. Thus, to Didi, all of this howling for social change looked more like a form of play than anything else. Theirs was a high-minded activity, to be sure; however, it was still, in its own optimistic sort of way, a redoubtable form of self-indulgence.  There could surely be nothing more satisfying than bearing a grievance which was beyond articulation, and which was, furthermore, beyond any conceivable remedy. There was consolation to be had so long as they remained fully and collectively inconsolable. And thus, the perpetual goal was to remain dissatisfied, but only for as long as this dissatisfaction maintained itself as a source of satisfaction.
“Sorry!”
“Oops…got a little carried-“
“Yeah…”
“Anyway…” Luna continued, “To them, Legalese was a necessary evil—a symptom, perhaps, of their overtly litigious culture.  Thus, it was less a tool of inquiry than a byproduct of cynical exploitation of the legal system for personal advantage. For such reasons, Lustitar’s glorious fascination for Legalese was taken as unbridled ambition, and his seeming eagerness to use the language as braggadocio with respect to his superior talents. Perhaps, I am only speculating here though. I do not know truly what Lustitar’s classmates truly thought of him, but I can only assume that they envied him.  I mean—who wouldn’t?
“So skilled was he, in fact, that it soon became impossible to enter into a dialogue with him without being pushed rhetorically into a corner, for resplendent in his communication was no shortage of conditions, sub-conditions, exceptions, and contingencies, the deliberate employment of which brought to manifestation around his counterparts labyrinths of boundaries and limitations, throughout whose shifting corridors they found themselves scrambling in addled misdirection.  This was not intentional so much as it was an unwitting skill on his part, for every word which left his lips dripped with the soakings of ambition and intention, yet carried also, within absorbent fibers, a spirit of affability too altruistic to seem pragmatic.  Thus, it was seen as insincere, possibly even minatory, as though he were baiting his counterparts with a generous smile, all the while, waiting for just the right moment to crush them underfoot.  Fearing for their reputations, his classmates and comrades stopped speaking to him altogether. Whenever they saw him walk into a room, they would scramble out of sight immediately like cockroaches at the first flickering light of a lantern. If he appeared out of the corner of one’s eye, it was not uncommon to wander in the other direction. The very sound of his delighted laugh was sinister enough to bring a chill to their spines in anticipation of a pride soon to be wounded.  So, they all kept their distance. Unfortunately for him, he failed to notice the resentment he evoked in his classmates. Instead he mistook their reticence for introspection. Additionally, whenever he heard someone whisper ‘Oh my god! Here he comes!’ he only assumed that this was being said more out of a reverence steeped in affection for him than out of any breed of irritation—although, to be fair, he was not entirely wrong in assuming so. There was a certain infatuation inherent in the utterance of this phrase not much different than the sort of infatuation us Lusties would possess in saying it, whenever he passes close to us: ‘Oh my god! Here he comes! Oh my god! Here he comes!’ Yes, yes...in our case, we would say it twice. And who can blame us? Even calling attention to it twice would not do it justice. Three or four times would be a reasonable minimum. As with something as rare as a solar eclipse, one does not make a simple offhand comment about a momentous cosmic event and assume that enough has been said about the matter. The emphasis we place on our most crucial utterances imbues our lives with meaning.  For what else is there to live but for the purest absorption in some phenomenon existing beyond the scope of our basic needs? And how else can we convey the significance of said phenomenon if not through the emphasis of repetition?  Make no mistake, my dear Didi, that Lustitar has a certain magnetism to him that it is impossible to deny!  So, even if his classmates dreaded being reduced to rhetorical shreds by him, they still held him in a kind of fascinated awe.  Perhaps, if they had understood his spirit better—by reading his poems, for example—they would realize immediately that their fears of him had been unfounded, and had instead resorted them...resorted them needlessly—yes needlessly!—to the multiplication of imaginary evils.  Make no mistake, however—I must say this, for there can be no doubt that they were so overwhelmed by the fields of personal magnetism he radiated that they feared what should happen, if they surrendered themselves to it.  Make...no-no-no-“
“Sure. Of course I won’t.” Didi uttered with rising impatience. “Why do you expect I should seek to make a mistake?”
Luna paused for a second to realize now that she was breathing heavily.  “Good...” she said between puffs, “Good...good...” She rubbed her eyes, and her eyelids fluttered madly for a moment. It seemed that her eyes had grown so wide in the telling of this story that she had forgotten to blink.  Thus, it now took a moment to recollect their moisture.  “Sorry,” she said as her head craned forward and the erratic nature of both eyes and lungs regained their composure, “Seems like I got away from the story for the moment. Sometimes my passion overcomes my reasoning. Surely you understand what it is like to devote so much of yourself to someone, and often to their defense.”
“Naturally,” said Didi, though she knew nothing of this feeling.  Not yet, at least.
“Well...yes,” Luna continued. “I suppose I am no less invested in protecting Lustitar from any undeserved criticism.  You see, I just wanted to make sure you did not think ill of Lustitar, but I know you are not the type to jump with haste to such unjust conclusions.”
“Thank you for saying so.”
“Thank you for understanding!  Now, may I continue with my story?”
“Yes.  I should be returning home before dark, but...”
“Yes. Well, it’s summer and...”
“Yes...so...”
“Yes.  The days are long and we have plenty of time,” Luna concluded and, with this, she launched back into her narrative, “So, as I mentioned, those around him seemed to behold him with admiration and awe.  However, there are those factions of Lustitar fans—not the Lusties, of course—who seem to believe that he was not admired at all, but in fact, rather well-hated by his classmates, who would spare no opportunity to misinterpret his intentions. I cannot disagree with this assumption—for perhaps, the Lusties’ interpretation gives too much credit to the common decency of other humans—but, all the same, I am unwilling to accept it.  Rival theorists say that humankind is too weak-willed and immature to see the goodness of someone like Lustitar, and that in fact, the malice they see in him is little more than the malice that they themselves project upon him.  I also reject this, because this would only reduce Lustitar to the mere status of a mirror—a reflective Non-Entity!  Surely, you, if anyone, can understand the harm in such assertions.  Was not your younger brother, O...?”
“Yes...he was.  But he no longer lives with us.  He has merged with a legal corporate entity. His destiny is now intertwined with that of the Corporate Citizen.  I cannot fathom how different things would be, had there been less institutional discrimination by-” She froze for a moment, concerned that she had said too much just now.  “But, to be honest…I must apologize, for I am not permitted to say very much on the matter.  Apparently any information I divulge now could be a violation of the privacy rights of the Corporate Citizen, as well as that of any legal non-entities comprising it.”
“Hmph...Peculiar! Well, anyway...the status, in itself, is a derogatory one.  No? Legal Non-Entity!  The name itself makes me want to cringe. How about you? No?  Well, it seems the Republic has done nothing to reform the laws—they have been more focused on doing away with the caste system for humans. Not that they’ve made any headway there either. Shameful how backwards our system remains, but, at any rate, I am happy to know that O. was released from his station of ill repute out of the magnanimous compassion of Industry. But forgive the digression; allow me to continue.  
“So...let us just say that there is no shortage of dispute among Lustitar’s fans over the matter of how he was regarded by his classmates in law school.  And of course, Lustitar himself would never speak on the matter. He is far too humble to acknowledge our petty quibbles, and I respect him all the more for this breed of indifference.  In any case, let us, for simplicity’s sake, entertain this possibility that he was despised by his peers.  It allows us to continue the story with fewer digressions and detours.  Yes?”
“Um...OK.”
“Splendid.  Well, to start with, we must assume that his natural shyness was mistaken as sullenness by those who wished to view him with ill-will.  What is more, we must concede to the reasoning that his good humor and sense of appreciation for all with which he had been providentially blessed was similarly taken as gloating arrogance.  Certainly, being as skilled and as confident as he was, Lustitar saw no need to affect disingenuous modesty.  Neither did he think it was necessary to profane those gifts with which he had been blessed through some lacerating act of self-denial. It made the most sense to take great joy in all his fortunes, all the while, remaining as forthright as he could manage in his interactions with others. For this lack of dishonesty, however, he suffered, and most certainly, this further compelled the less capable and the more envious of his peers to conspire against him.  I cannot be sure in what way they might have done so.  Perhaps they spoke ill of him in front of his professors.  Or maybe they concocted wild allegations about his cheating.  They possibly even declared him the most dishonest legal mind that had ever made the displeasure of their collective acquaintance.  Whatever it was they did, we are meant to presume that this nature of back-biting denunciation eventually got poor Lustitar booted from his school—again I would like to be clear in saying that the Lusties’ official position is that whatever complaints led to his eventual expulsion, these were all linked to some kind of misunderstanding, the nature of which is yet unknown to us.  I further hasten to add that, in spite of what others may say, our dear Lustitar was as genuinely loved by his classmates as he is by us.  The exponential nature of misunderstanding merely obliged the polarity of his circumstances to reversal, thereby inclining his personal magnetism to greater repulsion than attraction.  These sorts of things have been known to happen, but I know that there are those who disagree with me. So, you may chalk that up to speculation if you desire.
“Whatever the cases surrounding his dismissal, Lustitar could not have been more surprised by its occurrence, and—prior to its happening—all the more bemused by the peculiar attitude of his dismisser, the school’s Chancellor and Rector Magnificus, who, so far as Lustitar knew, had hitherto been only a phantom presence permeating the school about whom the other students spoke with a kind of unaccountable fear and fanatical veneration, and who rarely deigned to attend to any matters related directly to students—for, of course, he was otherwise responsible for affixing his seal to those documents encoding the higher functions of the institution—but who had apparently and inexplicably taken quite a personal interest in this particular matter. On the day he was summoned, Lustitar found himself cowering before a vast iron door with ornate engravings and ridged ring-shaped handles, the girths of which were too massive for even the broadest of human hands to grip skillfully.  The building which housed the Rector Magnificus was in fact, not a building at all, but rather the face of a rocky cliffside.  Escorted by a consortium of robe-clad administrative Sherpouin and Bedourpa guides, Lustitar had been led in by donkey through a winding path of canyons which began about 10 kilometers outside of the edge of town.  It took two strapping Bedourpas each to grip the two wrought iron rings, but it did not require as much effort to pull open the doors as Lustitar had imagined.  What struck him first upon entering the room was the fact that he had no idea as to its dimensions.  But for the marble floors in his own proximity and for a distant globe of light he could make out far in the distance, all else—walls and ceilings included—was obscured in darkness. The sound of his footsteps ceaselessly echoing throughout the room gave him a sense that this administrative office was cavernous and vast beyond his ability to conceive mentally.  As he approached the globe of light, he became aware that what he was truly approaching was a large desk surrounded by a semi-circle of tall brass fixture torches.  At the open end of the semi-circle of torches, the back of a tall purple plush chair faced him.  There seemed to be someone sitting in the chair, facing the other direction. Growing sheepish, Lustitar tried to step more quietly so as not to create such a loud, resounding noise.  Of course, he knew that the occupant of the chair was surely aware of his presence, but had not said anything yet to acknowledge it.  He became aware of the sound of pen scratching coming from the desk.  The desk’s occupant was possibly busy writing something, so it was possible that he was so absorbed that he had not yet noticed the approach of the student from behind.  
“This suspicion was dashed immediately with a sudden outburst of epiglottal consonants. Although his back was still to him, the occupant of the chair was now addressing him.  However, due to the interference caused by the reverberation of syllables, the words uttered became so lost in their own echoes as to be rendered unintelligible. Moreover, the writing carried on incessantly as though the hands were operating independently of the speaker. As the echoes died down, only the sounds of the ceaseless pen scratches continued. Lustitar felt as though he should probably say something. Just as he was opening his mouth, he was assaulted by another explosion of epiglottal sounds.  This time, the pen scratching became furious to the point that it seemed that the tip of the quill might soon break.  The sound grew louder and louder until its reverberations throughout the hall became deafening. Lustitar saw flashing yellow lights in his peripheral vision as his head began to move side-to-side.  It seemed a connection had come loose between him and his body, for he was vaguely aware of a new slowness to his thoughts and a distant twitching in the lower half of his body.  Some time passed it seem and he became aware of a cool flat object pressing against the side of his face.  His eyes fluttered and he realized that it was the floor. Some more time passed and he heard several voices, including his own, though he could not be sure what he was saying, for the sound was so distant, though he most certainly thought he heard some mention of the Marshland Organizers.”
“The Marshland Organizers?” Didi repeated with a renewed wonder. “Of Bahlia?”
“I cannot be sure.  And, in any case, for the purposes of this story, it does not seem like an important detail.  However, I find the mention of them outside of Bahlia somewhat unusual.”
“Most unusual!”
“Yes...somewhat disconcerting too, though many of our fellow Lusties see no reason to find this strange.  Well, in any case, some more time passed before Lustitar was finally able to return to his senses. He awoke in a hospital bed filled with a rejuvenated sense of purpose.  There was a fresh energy to him and, though he understood quite well without having to be told so that he had been expelled from his law school, this no longer seemed to matter, for there was a fresh new path being laid before him.  He sat up in bed and insisted the nurses summon the doctors immediately. Upon their arrival, Lustitar reported to them gleefully that, in those last brief moments before his memory failed him, he had had the most peculiar spiritual experience; that he had, in fact, been exposed to a light of such unmistakable transcendence, of such binding energy that he could only have passed briefly beyond the finite and the temporal to enter another realm where all the hallowed confusion of this mortal concoction boiled away quickly and with such swift effervescence as to lend impermanence even to its legacy in memory. Yes! There were those yellow flashes which blossomed into a unified golden sun of rapturous bliss.  It implored him to surrender, to purge himself of all cynicism and woe, to allow his awareness to abandon his form to seek greater refinement.  His essence became that of a traversing wind and he felt his spirit flow out and soar into hidden pockets of the stratosphere.  He saw and heard nothing, but only felt a kind of divine vibration which resounded and lifted him.  All his fear and anxiety left him; they became strangers to him, in fact, for he knew of nothing anymore than that sense of immaculate connection to all.  His only emotion now was that of exhilaration and boundless compassion for he basked now in a light of truth before which even human justice became an odd irrelevance, a strange and unnecessary term.  All of his pain and suffering became foreign to him, he knew no more of that anchor of traumas which bound his spirit and his sense of hope as though by a chain and dragged it to the deepest chasm from whose depths one could aspire to climb again, albeit over crumbling rocky fragments and carrying still that unrelenting weight of burden. The anchor was gone, so was the burden, and so was the chasm. All of his traumas had vaporized—his tutor, his childhood, everything!—for there existed a radiance which beamed more brightly than that laughable beacon of human justice.  There was only that resplendent light, that energy, that lack of substance beyond all thought, beyond all conception, in whose brilliance he was given the generous privilege to bask for—well it seemed like forever, but probably it only lasted a few seconds.”
Didi’s eyes teared up at this.  “Sounds beautiful...” she said, sensing in herself a slight yearning.
“You should hear the way he describes it...” Luna said.
“I would like very much to hear it...” Didi heard herself say. This surprised the other Lusties for some reason. No one, however, was more surprised than Didi herself. Until now, Lustitar had seemed a bit...fraudulent, pretentious maybe. “So, what did the doctors have to say then?”
“Well, you know how these doctors are...” Luna said with palpable disappointment.
“What do you mean?”
“Well, at first, they could make nothing of it.  The men—there were 7 of them—stood in a huddle discussing the matter with their backs to the rest of the hospital staff and its patients, until finally, one of them, a tiny man with a little bald head surrounded by froths of curly black hair, declared that their young patient had suffered an absence seizure of some kind, possibly epileptic. The notion of their patient having epilepsy gave way to some heated debate, but eventually a reasonable consensus had been reached: whether or not it had been epilepsy, it was difficult to determine; nevertheless, it could be agreed upon by all that the spiritual experience had been nothing more than an anomalous sensory response to abnormal brain activity. Three of the doctors believed he had suffered a severe aneurysm.  One of them was concerned about the possibility of a tumor.  Two of them just stood there shaking their heads in unison without the faintest clue as to what was going on. The little man with the bald head and the froths of hair, meanwhile, refused to budge from his initial diagnosis.”
“Did he eventually find out what it was?”
“Actually, a few of the nurses snuck him out while the doctors were still caught up in the heat of argument.  On their way out of the hospital, two of the younger nurses confessed that they had been rather impressed by his story and wished to hear more about it.  Hmph!” Luna’s face betrayed a certain disapproval for these young ladies, but also a kind of envy.  “Anyway, I suppose it’s not his fault there are all kinds of disreputable harlots about.  And...oh...well, no offense, Di-“
“None taken!” Didi replied gracefully, and found herself adding with some annoyance, “Speaking for all disreputable harlots everywhere, we don’t expect much sympathy from the chaste.”
“I’m saving myself for-“
“Yes, I know. How nice it must be to have a choice in the matter.”  Then her eyes flicked cruelly over the pudgy frame of her lesser, “But then, chastity is only an option for those who also face the option of losing it.” The cruelty of her words hung in air for a moment and Didi’s own breath shuddered as she felt them make their impact. The heads of all the Lusties suddenly cowed with diffidence as though these words had been directed at the whole group.  
Didi sighed, as her eyes rolled back and all she could see was darkness.  Her breath became erratic and she now heard herself saying things that she didn’t want to say.  “I suppose you all respect me more now, then?  You’ve come to expect this sort of abuse?  And you are necessarily mistrustful of those who try to treat you well.”  It would only get more hurtful from here.  She was entering a negative spiral; she could sense it.  What was it that was making her this way? She felt her mood shifting and words coming out that she knew were unbecoming. Maybe it was time to go.  “Listen, I’d better-“
“Yes, maybe you should!”
“You live as might a chicken upon a wheel,” a voice from behind said suddenly, “Clucking and wheeling, or so say your eyes.”
“Pardon?” Didi said, turning around to see a short stocky powerhouse with rippling biceps.  Hair sprouted plentifully out from the neck of his shirt as though to form a kind of fibrous cravat.
“You heard me!” he said, his fierce gaze looking upwards to meet hers—looking upwards, because he was a full fifteen centimeters shorter than her.
“I’m sorry…I don’t follow what you’re-“
“He’s being poetic, Stupid!” Luna burst out impatiently.
“Clucking and…wheeling?” Didi confirmed.
“…or so say your eyes,” Lustitar affirmed without blinking. She was afraid to look away from him, for she knew not what he would do.  He had this crazed look about him that betrayed a kind of inner rage.  If provoked, he could be dangerous. And it seemed he was the sort who could be provoked easily. Sensitive…yet aggressive: a poor combination indeed.  She was even more fearful of asking him again what he meant, as it certainly appeared to mean a great deal to him.
“Mmm…yes,” she said carefully. “I…uh…I agree with you.”
“Humph!” he affirmed happily, finally closing his eyes and nodding with approval.  Eyes still closed, he inhaled loudly though his nose, leaning back on the heels of his clogs and spreading out his arms as though basking in the rays of a sun meant solely for his own perception. Her reaction seemed to please him.  She wished dearly that he would keep those eyes of his closed.
“I w-was just...telling her about you,” Luna babbled incessantly, “About your origins! Your origins. Yes! I’m sorry though. Never got to the important parts.  Took too much time with the build-up.  You tell it better.  Please forgive me for wasting so many words.”
“Such a waste of words...” Lustitar replied with a disappointed shake of the head.  “Such a waste...”  His eyes were still closed as he did this.
“Well,” said Didi. “This has all been very enlightening, but I must be-“
“Just where is it that you-“ Lustitar started as his dreamy eyes opened to meet hers.
“Oh, but...um...Mr. Lustitar!” the possum had reappeared again from somewhere in the pack.  “Luna didn’t tell you. We have composed another song in your honor!”
“Oh, good god!” he sighed as his palm slapped his forehead. “Not again!  This really must stop!”
This brought a fit of giggles from the Lusties. They muttered to each other with delight.  What he had just done: they liked that very much.  So much so that a couple of them looked at each other and tittered musically as they mimicked the action of the hand hitting the forehead, albeit with a kind of fluid reverence, as though to emphasize their appreciation for the organic nature of its follow-through.
“Are you even listening to me, you nanny-goats?” Lustitar pounded his fist into his palm emphatically.  “I don’t want it!  How many times do I need to say it to you nitwits before the message seeps through your thick skulls?!!”  This only brought more swooning from the gaggle.
“REALLY!” Didi remarked with outrage. “Is that necessary?”
The whole square silenced at this.  Everyone’s mouth hung open at the indecency of this inappropriate reaction.  Lustitar, on the other hand, was quite impressed.
“Well, now! Don’t we have vigor?”
Didi flushed at this, though she didn’t quite understand what was being insinuated.  “A florid complexion on this one,” continued Lustitar. “Florid Florence!” This brought laughs from all around.
“As I said,” Didi now said teary-eyed. It was all she could do to keep from slaying this cretin on the spot. “I must be going!”
“Oh come now!” Lustitar exclaimed, grabbing at her wrist with both hands.  His grip was tight and his forearms and the backs of his hands were as dense as a luscious jungle. “This is all just a bit of fun. These girls love the way I fling abuses about.  Brings out the inner masochist in them. Get to know me and you might just love it too.”  The suggestive way in which this was said prompted more laughter from all around. At this, Didi jerked free and ran away.
  “Worry not, sweet Florence!” she heard him call after her, “You need not look for me.  I shall seek you out!”

VII.

She awoke in Aqua Pod. Had she been asleep? What was in that wine?
“Ah, there you are, my darling!” She was sitting on a roundish pink sofa. Sanchez was now standing over her with a drink in his hand. The last thing she remembered was leaning back to sit against that rock in the studio of that witchy seamstress. And then her mind had wandered to recent events: that day in the square. Apparently, quite some time had passed since that particular moment, though she was unable to remember exactly what had transpired. There appeared to be a rather sizeable gap in her memory. This should have frightened her, but for some reason, she felt oddly relaxed, even somewhat amenable to these peculiar circumstances. Her arms felt light, but she felt no particular inclination to move them. Her whole body felt light, in fact. Slowly, however, this inexplicable sensation of peace began to recede, as a furious panicked desire to regain her sense of reason swept over her.  Even though she knew logically that her movements felt odd, there was no natural sense of this. It was something that she had to explain rationally to herself, as though her otherwise immutable perception of what was “natural” had somehow abandoned her. She sensed also that she had been involved in numerous conversations she could no longer recall. This alarmed and concerned her, for she had no idea what had been said, how she had carried herself, and, worst of all, to what she might have acquiesced unthinkingly. An ache of self-recrimination reached her temples and the back of her throat.  She felt a strange dryness about her eyes suddenly.  The dryness was sufficient to bring forth a sting of pain; nevertheless, she sensed that there was a reservoir of moisture collecting internally within the tear ducts. Perhaps they were backed up, or maybe the flow of the ducts had reversed and somehow the moisture from the surrounding atmosphere was being drawn inward by means of a vacuum suction originating from the rigorous pumping of the lacrimal sac.  She suddenly felt as though tears were being slurped inward, perchance by a straw, to leak down the inside lining of her skin rather than on the outside—a kind of internal crying.  Her nose wasn’t running either, which rendered this phenomenon all the more strange. She was undoubtedly crying; yet, externally there were no discernible tears and her nose wasn’t running. How could this be? Into what esoteric cavity was the run-off draining? And anyway, what kind of tears were they: emotional, reflex, or basal? All three perhaps? More importantly, what was causing her to cry?  And most importantly...
What the devil was in that wine?
Two taller men with white hair stood on each side of Sanchez, both of them now studying her carefully.  “Got away from me again!” Sanchez said with mock frustration, motioning toward her as though she were a disobedient pet, “Nothing but trouble this one. I suppose you could blame the wine, or if you knew me well enough…”
“…something in the wine?” the eyes of one of the men lit up. Sanchez winked and chuckled.
“So...who wants firsties?” the other said ravenously.
“Not yet you twit!  Still too early in the evening, no?”
“Wait a minute!” demanded Didi, “Just what are you-“
Sanchez held up a hand and for some reason this silenced her. For the fleeting moment before all else went still, there remained only the dying murmurs of party guests and the staccato nagging of harpsichord, which seemed to originate from the floor above. From within the shifting depths of this aural miasma, there had emerged sporadic cheers accompanied by laughter and clapping. And yet, interspersed with these relentless noises lingered also pronounced voids of silence: languishing in that pause between crisscrossing quips and the clinking of glasses, inhaling in that prolonged rest between ornate expirations of music, settling in that moment when all vibrations in the room had been absorbed to dullness by the walls of this rubber bubble. One such void existed now, a void of intimate stillness—one which would otherwise seem inconceivable at a party attended by presumably so many, and which nevertheless rendered Didi’s own compelled silence all the more palpable to those surrounding her.  
“See that?” Sanchez nudged the white-haired man next to him, evidently impressed with himself at how easily he had quelled her protests.  “Don’t underestimate this one though.  Seems she’s full of surprises.  Such a depth of spirit too! I, for one, wouldn’t mind plunging deep and examining-”
“What do you mean by-“
“Can you imagine? This naughty little vixen didn’t tell me she already knew Lustitar,” Sanchez continued, bringing a chorus of laughter from these two gentlemen and from several others who were apparently out of view.  As the murmurs of party guests resumed and a new musical overture commenced, the poet suddenly revealed himself, coming up from behind Sanchez laughing and hooking an arm around the artist’s neck.  As though expecting this sudden entrance, the artist reached up and wrapped his own arm around the neck of the poet, pulling the latter’s head down to the level of his shoulder.  For a moment, it seemed he was choking Lustitar; however, the proud laughter of the poet refused to relent in spite of his struggle to breathe.  The artist tightened the headlock to produce a strained whimper from the poet, and then satisfied by this sound, loosened his grip.  Lustitar’s face had turned a bright red and his eyes were bloodshot and tearing, but this did not diminish the good humor he kept amidst this somewhat unbecoming spectacle of horseplay.  Now freeing himself from the headlock and fixing his long hair, he continued laughing as though in whimsical approval of the near crushing of his windpipe.
Didi looked around to get a better dimension of the space she now occupied. Built into the floor were pools of water about two meters in diameter and apparently immeasurable in depth, as the walls and bottoms of each pool were mirrored. Inside swam naked females wearing oxygen masks—was there one female in each pool, or were there more?  Looking down into the nearest pool from her sofa, it seemed impossible to figure this out.  The walls, too, were of a kind of reinforced clear rubber; although, it was also conceivable that the rubber merely encased sheet glass, for beyond these rubber walls were more pools with mirrored edges and swimming beauties.  The ceiling and carpeting was of an indeterminate color scheme, for the surfaces of both shimmered endlessly with the swaths of reflected light from both the pools and mirrors. The sofas were round and ridged like sea shells and the cushions were efflorescent with tropical colors.  But for the shimmering of light, the room was utterly dark.  In some places, items achieved blinding luminescence; while at the same time, Didi could not see her own hand when held beyond a certain distance from her face.  If there were any lights, they came from sources outside of the room and were reflected in through pools and mirrors. She now couldn’t help wondering if the light shimmering in from the mirrors and pools came from lanterns or from starlight.  For some reason, at this particular moment, this minute detail seemed to matter.
“So, we meet again, Sweet Florence! Oy! Untouchable! Get Sweet Florence over here some of that divine absinthe!”
“No, no!” Sanchez said with a distasteful wave of his hand. “He’s not here to serve drinks.” Then he called out over his shoulder, “Nevermind, my boy!  Stay in your basket for now.”
“Then why’s he here?” Lustitar said through his teeth, his eyes bulging out.  “He doesn’t belong with-“
“He’s my guest,” Sanchez said firmly, his eyes cold but threatening.  “As are you.  Hopefully I will see no reason to regret that.”
Lustitar’s eyes fell on Didi for a moment and it seemed something registered. “You...can’t be serious! You watch yourself, old man! Your games will go too-“
“Will someone please shut this cretin up?  Beastslayer!”
“OK, OK!” Lustitar laughed nervously with both hands up. “Perhaps we need to cool down a bit.”
“My sentiments exactly!” Sanchez spat bitterly. “The air has gone rotten with envy and I shall soon get bored. Perhaps you could entreat us with a poem.”
“At a party?  Well, I don’t think it’s the right-“
“Oh...did I mention that I had some of your work printed? We’ll talk about your percentage later.  I was thinking it would be absolutely priceless if we had the Untouchable-“
“No!”
“Remember that one time?” Sanchez was nodding happily with his white-haired cohorts, “My, my...Diogenes was beside himself.  God rest his soul.”
“Passed on, did he?” a gentleman’s voice called out from somewhere.
“Why yes, old fellow! Hadn’t you heard?” Sanchez replied to this person he could not see. “But I do miss him today.  What was the distinction we conferred upon him at that Degradation Party he attended?”
“Most Promising Newcomer!” a lady chimed in from the dark recesses of the crowd.
Sanchez snickered at this, “Most Promising...hee hee...yes!  Now I remember!  So...what were we talking abo—oh yes! Untouchable! Bring yon bedraggled hide hither!”
There was a hesitant shuffling sound which gave cadence to the swelling of noise sweeping over the crowd in a precise wave of inconvenienced groans.  The faces most visible to Didi, in spite of the bands of darkness, shared a look of anticipatory annoyance as though precisely calibrated to radiate the requisite winces once the stimulus of displeasure has achieved juxtaposition.  This they, most certainly, did capably—none missing his cue—as a hunched emaciated thing emerged and squatted disgracefully and bounced like a bonny begging dog on his haunches at the side of Sanchez. In spite of his awe-inducing inferiority, Didi was somewhat taken aback by the striking handsomeness of this face which she could not doubt she had seen somewhere before.  She was filled immediately with the feeling of outrage for the sake of this beast who was so beautiful in his own right, but whose beauty was being exploited by lesser men as an implement to boost their own self-proclaimed authority.  What right had they to play possessor?  
What right had any artist?
A tear swelled in her eye, which unfortunately came immediately to the attention of Sanchez.  He sighed delightfully and drew a small sausage from the waist pocket of his Wormdrool Silk white robe—when had he found the time to change into these clothes?—tossing the meat into the waiting saliva-dripping jowls of the Untouchable. “The shame you feel right now is beautiful,” he said gleefully to Didi, but also possibly to himself. “It outshines your compassion. To be sure, your compassion is the hollowest and least genuine feeling you have right now. It is simply how you think you must feel.  It is sculpted out of the substance your guilt, originates from your shame.  These are the real core sentiments—guilt and shame—the only ones that could be said to have value, no? I’ll not get into the distinctions between the two, but will focus rather now on the joint effect of these constructs. One could scarcely refer to you as a human being unless you felt them both persistently and regularly. Simply being thankful for what one has is insufficient—and frankly speaking, somewhat patronizing to those who are deprived by comparison. Feeling a deep sense of shame for what one permits to happen in this troubled world: this is what must occasionally accompany it, if one is to be truthful with oneself. That is to say, these two genuine emotions: guilt and shame are the ones that fuel your self-interested need to feel that lesser, sublimated sentiment we call ‘compassion’—self-interested because you know that ‘good’ people are supposed to sympathize with the weak and the pathetic, even if you similarly despise them.  Pity is simply contempt reframed as something socially acceptable. You may not even realize that you’re doing this—that you are, in fact, deceiving yourself. It is also this very same need for self-deception which catalyzes your growing contempt for me, though surely deep down you realize that I am no more his oppressor than you are. It is not a conscious feeling, but you recognize it now as I say it. The anger you feel is being dealt in my direction, but it is bi-directional as well.  It is the source of that sinking despair you now feel, for you will most certainly notice that accompanying your external anger is an internal sense of compunction.  You despise yourself for having been a hapless wanderer until this moment; you lament having seeing men like him umpteen times before in the gutters, yet having done nothing to help, and instead having carried on with your routines as though they were more important.  This is how you truly feel, no?”
“Don’t tell me how I feel!” Didi growled tearfully. 
“I wouldn’t dare dream of it, my dear! Your feelings are the most precious thing you have. I’m sure the world runs on your feelings. They are so deeply precious. Never let anyone beside yourself lay claim over them.”
“O Sanchez!” laughed a female voice from somewhere, “Always the provocateur!”
“Well that’s the point.  Is it not?” said another emphatic voice in response.  
“Let me guess,” Didi said defiantly, “You probably see any attempt at eliciting unpleasant reactions as a selfless act?  It is part of your altruistic desire to push people to step outside of themselves?”
“Oh please!” Sanchez said with a dismissive sweep of the hand.  “Dispense with the clichés.  I’ve heard every nature of accusation alluding to my narcissism.  And yet you all come back, and somehow you know yourselves you would despise me if I forced myself to the self-annihilation of modesty.” He looked firmly at Didi, “Let’s not waste any time talking about my intentions. They are as private and as much my own as your feelings are to you.” He looked offended, and all eyes seemed to turn towards Didi in silent expectation.
“I’m sorry...” she said weakly.  She despised herself for showing weakness, and yet a part of her also felt the guilt of offending the host at his own party, and for the moment, this feeling eclipsed her outrage at his behavior. This seemed to disappoint a few around her, including the untouchable.  Sanchez, however, nodded with affirmative approval.  She sank back in her seat.  She felt drained and her head foggy.  She wondered if her reactions would have been different, had she been more lucid. In the past, she had let too many things go in the moment even when she had her wits about her. She remembered again her paralysis upon meeting Yuri on her first day in Bahlia. She had let too much go then as well. 
She now sighed helplessly.
One of the gray-haired figures at Sanchez’s side orated pensively and in a quiet tone, as though seeking, with the emphatic deliberateness of an aged shepherd, to guide this flock back to safer ground: “I found, once in my childhood, a narrow passageway leading deep into the cavernous recesses of the Coral Canyons.  I was small enough then to squeeze through, in spite of the darkness, and reach the larger rooms within. Within each larger room, I found tinier and tinier passageways, which I entered in spite of the danger of getting lost or stuck.  By this point, I was alone.  No other in my clan was small enough to follow.  I carried no lantern, and I crawled inward through the darkness with my hands outstretched over my head and my legs straight behind me.  The opening soon became so tiny that I had to keep my face pushed against the gravel and inch forward with my fingers.  My pace grew slow and, at times, I even found myself momentarily jammed.  Momentarily! Just as I was about to panic, somehow my body would manage to wriggle loose and proceed forward.  Naturally, I was fearful that I would reach a dead end and be unable to turn around; or worse yet, that the passageway could collapse inward on itself and I could be stuck there until I starved to death.  Somehow, however, I found one last room which was vast and well-lit from the sunlight above.  In the middle of this room lay a broken carriage on its side and the skeletons of horses and people strewn all about it.  The torsos of some of these skeletons had since become embedded in the stone of stalagmites, presumably from the slow accrual of dripping calcium deposits.  It was sight to see, for it appeared as though the bones were growing out of rock. For a moment, I wondered how the carriage and skeletons had gotten there in the first place, but then it occurred to me that they had fallen from the surface through a sinkhole.  I looked at the walls around me and I saw cave paintings.  Paintings of animals and of naked frames adorned with beads and designs, of weapons and fire.  I wondered briefly if these images had been painted by the people who had fallen from above, but then I realized that none of them could possibly have survived their fall into the chasm.  These cave paintings were from ages ago, or at least so it seemed. What meanings, what essential moments did they preserve?  And whysoever should it matter to those who discovered the paintings after these ages had become buried by the weight of events succeeding them?  All that unseen history aboveground, all those movements on the surface: those bloody wars and plagues and revolutions, all the rises and falls of empires, all the ambitions of people long gone. Under the full force of these massive sweeps and grand upheavals, why should a series of primitive paintings about goats and spears matter?  What special knowledge did they convey?  How much of that knowledge was lost, or buried under fragments of sediment?  I did not linger long enough to explore, for I was still frightened I should not find my way back.  And find my way back I most surely did.  Yet, part of me wishes I had not been so afraid, wishes that I had stayed even if it was risky to do so, stayed even if in the months and years that passed—assuming I found sustenance—my frame grew so big that I may never leave this place.  For now, my frame has grown too big to return to that room and to those paintings.  All I can rely upon is my memory, which, of course, is subject to error and idealization.  Those paintings have taken more sublime forms in my memory: I know this and that is why it pains me that the integrity of those originals remains beyond my grasp.  I would like to view them again as I am now: as the changed being that stands here in strange lament.  I know that in the passage of these years, I have transformed, but those paintings have changed very little.  I should like very much to see them again.”
This brief soliloquy ending, so profound and so solemn was the silence that followed that Didi couldn’t help but find herself in awe of the reverence these people around her maintained for the man’s words, as if he spoke for all of them.  Perhaps, it was this similar relentless search for lost meaning that bound them; perhaps that is what gave art such immeasurable importance in their eyes.  Yet, there was almost no boundary line separating the integrity that moved them so deeply with that banality of pretense with which every one of their actions seemed inevitably infused. There was something pure that they all sought, but it seemed they grew so deluded by the conscious act of seeking that it soon became a form of play-acting and status seeking. How easily the well intentioned get lost, she found herself thinking. She wondered momentarily if the same fate awaited her if she stayed in the company of these soulful, yet cynical poseurs for too long.
“Escape...” a voice said in a whisper.
Didi looked around her, but could not identify the person who had said it.  No one else seemed to be reacting to it either.  Perhaps she had imagined it.
“Take a sip of your drink, my dear.  I assure you it is only water this time...” Sanchez said to Didi.  She looked down to realize she had been holding a glass in her hand all this time.  “If you wish to take a nap, I can have one of our maids prepare a room for you. I do have something important I wish to discuss with you, but I’ll need you a bit more clear-headed before we can start with that.”
“Artist...escape...” the whisper said again.
Didi looked around and sighed before saying, “I am fine now.  What is it exactly you want to discuss with me?”
“Oh no, my dear.  You may think you are fine, but you are most certainly not. If only you could see yourself. If you were any of the other guests, I would have sent you home already. It’s funny how we presume clarity even in its absence. I suppose pride plays a part in that.  Or, perhaps clarity itself is a matter of relative consensus, which means it’s really nothing at all.  Nothing meaningful, at least.”
“Yes?” Didi said impatiently.
“My, my...” Sanchez said, his nostrils flaring with arousal, “The way you said that.  My my my...such delicious impertinence!”  He turned to look at the other guests, only to realize that they had left his proximity.  In fact, aside from brooding Lustitar and the supplicatory Untouchable, Didi and Sanchez were the only people remaining in this area.  From another room came the sound of more glass-clinking and laughter and music.
“Escape Artist...Escape Artist!” Now that the room had more or less emptied, Didi was finally able to identify the whisperer of these words. Her gaze fell on the Untouchable, whose widened eyes seemed to dart between her and Sanchez.  Yet, his lips were unmoving, perhaps so as not to let on that he was the one saying it.  She marveled momentarily at his skills at ventriloquism: he would make the most delightful entertainer!  And yet, there was a hint of warning in his tone.  It seemed that he was not referring to anyone, in particular, as an ‘escape artist,’ but was instead actually using the phrase in the imperative—although, most certainly, much needless confusion could easily be averted had he simply said ‘escape from the artist’ instead. His voice, however, seemed strained as though the very act of speaking were an unspeakable offense. Perhaps he thought it more efficient to limit the number of syllables so as to evade detection.  Unfortunately, at this particular moment, this strategy seemed to fail.
Lustitar’s eyes fell on the Untouchable.  He motioned to him and implored Sanchez, “Now see here!  You going to let him get away with this?”
“Speaking out of turn!” Sanchez clucked his tongue.  “A most egregious offense!”
“I told you this would happen if you took too many liberties with your performance art.”
“I DIDN’T ASK FOR YOUR GODDAMNED OPINION!” Sanchez screamed suddenly at Lustitar. This caused Didi to jump. Lustitar also.  Clearly, Sanchez was not generally the type to lose his calm, but now his face was as red as a tomato and veins were popping out of his forehead and neck. Sweat poured down his face in rivers and it took him a few pronounced breaths to regain his composure. He patted at his forehead with the sleeve of his robe and continued calmly.  “This is not a matter that concerns you...and I am sure you can understand that I shall handle this matter internally. I have acquired the services of Beastslayer for these very purposes.”
“But I-“
“So you shall say nothing of this to anyone. The untouchable is in my employ…and if I must be blunt about it, so are you. Stop pouting and acknowledge the fact that you fall under the organizational umbrella of Sanchez; otherwise, you would still be a nobody. You’re welcome, by the way. At any rate, I shall summon Beastslayer—another of my employees—to administer corrective rehabilitation and we can consider this matter resolved.  Yes?”
“Get away while you still can!  He’s an exploitative parasite!  Don’t get trapped by-“
“BEASTSLAYER!  BEASTSLAYER-144!”  Sanchez called into the other room.  “Sorry, my dear,” he said to Didi.  “This won’t take a minute!  Incidentally, I would like you to meet your co-star in my next performance art project.  Didi, my darling, I’d like you to meet Ottoman-13—that is your name, yes? Or was it Ornithologicofixian?—anyway, this is the dashing hero who shall liberate you from your spiritual imprisonment!”
“Get out! Please...for your own good! Get-“ This was silenced by a kick to the jaw from Sanchez.
“Enough of that, old boy! You should be happy! Your days as an untouchable will soon be behind you.  This is where your true career as an artist will begin! Imagine it! The possibilities. We will make his quest for self-determination a theatrical experience! The upward and downward dynamics of his social mobility shall be the crests and nadirs, the fortissimos and pianissimos of this grand symphony.”
Lustitar shook his head in awe, “Now I get it!”  He turned to Didi, “The old boy over here: he infuriates me, but still I am helpless but to marvel at his selflessness!  Through his art, he can vanquish social boundaries!  He can even make a miserable pauper like this haggard chap into a princely embodiment of divinity.  Apparently, that’s what he intends to do.”
“Ah...finally seeing reason, are we?  Delighted we are finally on the same page!”
“Mmm mmm!” Lusitar responded compliantly.
“YOU ARE A MAESTRO UNDOUBTEDLY!” a new voice suddenly bellowed in a deep, resounding tone as though it were spoken from down a corridor or from within a cathedral with high ceilings—although clearly it hadn’t been: such was the fullness of its register!  One of the gray-haired men who had been at Sanchez’s side earlier had now come back and was, with his broad, creased hands, patting Sanchez on the shoulder like a proud father. He was much taller and, in spite of his age, in seeming better physical shape than either Lustitar or Sanchez. Had the towering Beastslayer not been in the room, Didi might even have taken him to be the tallest, mightiest man in Aqua Pod.  In concert with his impressive stature was that nature of paternal quality which could only be found among certain wealthy gentlemen whose spring of self-indulgence was long behind them, having been replaced, over the course of the gradual transition through those slow autumn years, with a poignant, somewhat spiritual inclination driving them, by weight of benedictions no less ego-driven, to lend heightened meaning to their otherwise reprehensible existences.  Didi had known such men in Vasalla.  In spite of the firmness of their postures and the deepness of the shadows they cast, they tended to revile themselves secretly, even when there seemed no logical reason to do so.  It was often the case that this nature of self-revulsion originated out of simple mimicry of the loathing visited upon them by the envious and the indigent.  Few were willing to pity gentlemen of such means, which, in itself, was pitiable.  Unfortunately, for these reasons, in certain situations, such men could prove to be most dangerous, and even lethal to the naïve and the unwitting, and especially so when they had managed to convince themselves thoroughly that they were well-intentioned individuals unjustly blamed for society’s ills. The greatest—and possibly most tragic—irony in all this lay in their inability to recognize the degree of their own self-entitlement, in spite of its utter blatancy to those deprived curs clawing desperately at the external meshes of their universe. There was undoubtedly a guilt and a shame and a despondence to them, but there existed no cure for those elusive ailments they failed to recognize, and so they suffered in irresoluble ambiguity.
The gray-haired man now smiled warmly, somehow lacking in any hint of that aforementioned suffering: “If I did not love that bald dome of yours, I might have asked you to don a Maestro wig for me. But a man of your years—well, I suppose you cannot wear it as handsomely as you once did.”  These words were not spoken with malice, but rather in a charming way, for there appeared to be a long-standing rapport between the two that could not be broken.  It was clear, however, from Sanchez’s meek—and somewhat nervous—reaction to this statement that this elderly gentleman had a kind of power over him.  One peek at the heaps of gold jewelry dangling from every limb was sufficient to confirm Didi’s suspicion that this man was some sort of patron of the arts. From the way he interacted with Sanchez, he may have even been a lover of his. It was starting to become clear how Sanchez had managed to support his extravagant lifestyle.  
All artists, however bold in their affectations of self-guidance and autonomy, had a boss—or, at the very least, some individual or group to whom they were compelled to answer. Perhaps those primitive cave paintings mentioned earlier by the other gray-haired gentleman had been commissioned by a prehistoric benefactor: a tribal chieftain maybe, or possibly even a shaman of higher social standing. Maybe it was a collective commission sanctioned by the whole village, or by the family of the artist—for certainly, this individual was taking valuable time away from foraging and hunting to complete the cave painting. Someone had to be picking up the opportunity cost of this assignment. One could easily infer that she had been granted special dispensation to create art by others in the society who would hunt and provide and nurture and raise the young on her behalf.  Of course, the art had to serve a social function, and thus it had to be pleasing to those who looked upon it.  Therefore, the audience—the tribal villagers, that is—could have served in collective as her benefactors.  This was not out of the realm of possibility. The unfortunate fact was that being renowned as an artist—even among a small tribe of people—was a special kind of bondage.  There was the independent vision of the artist, and then there was the selective pressure of audience expectation: rarely did these two territories overlap. Ultimately it was a choice between one and the other or some compromised version of the two; however, for the artist to continue with a reasonable sense of comfort in his or her industry, it was audience expectation that required the greater satisfaction.  But then, there were those artists who sought to release themselves from this latent captivity by defying expectations continually and with the premise in mind that the audience did not yet know what it wanted, because it did not yet know what was possible; it was this affirmative thinking that often allowed such artists to manipulate successfully these expectations to the mutual advantage of both artist and audience. Sanchez was one such individual, or at least he carried himself that way. Nevertheless, his eyes at this particular moment betrayed something of a servitude to a higher master, as though he were tied to a leash and only allowed to explore whatever his master had predetermined as reasonable.  Sanchez was a character, most certainly, but a carefully sculpted character, it was beginning to appear. His eccentric pretensions remained forgivable so long as they fit well within that persona carefully crafted by nothing less than the mere will of his benefactor.  Were he to meander out beyond the boundaries of behavior already circumscribed through habit and repetition by the pre-approved “Sanchez persona,” he would most likely feel a stern yank at the leash in the direction of the path thought better by his master.  Convoluting the matter further was this image he seemed to project of himself as a contrarian and defier of conventions. However, even in defying the boundaries of authoritative or social expectation, every act of defiance Sanchez committed was still very much contingent upon the existence of said boundaries—or, at the very least, still dependent upon them. That is to say, every attempt to defy the boundaries achieved a good deal more in legitimizing them.  
The defiance for which an artist, such as Sanchez, could best be admired was, in fact, an act provoked by the worst symptoms of his own desperate dependency.  If he truly wished to counter the oppression of any given societal boundary, it seemed less self-annihilating and more effectual to feign ignorance than to defy it brazenly, but unfortunately, this made for dull theater. What he sought to do required a commitment to self and audience to reject the path of least resistance in favor of climbing every tall mountain that rose before him.  The artist’s defiance of boundaries was a marvel of self-conscious exhibitionism, attractive to audience members merely in its invitation to vicarious experience, but Sanchez’s pension for derring-do only served to whet the appetites of his voyeurs further, driving them to clamor for even more shocking future spectacles. How far could they push him to outdo himself? How much pressure would he feel to appease them, and how much would this eclipse his own internal drives as an artist? It seemed that this process of self-competing one-upmanship served to create a perpetual cycle in which the audience would devise new boundaries for the artist to defy, as though this organic process of creation were driven less by his spontaneous internal inclinations and more by the predictable patterns of stimulus-response mechanisms.  The end result was a drive toward conformity and banality that degraded both the artist and the integrity of the work he sought to create. Eventually, it would be the compromises he made that impelled him to betray his artistic vision. Amidst all the agitation of trying to keep up with incessant expectation, he would slowly come to forget himself and what he initially set out to achieve. He would know no more what drove him internally as an artist, for, over time, he will have become less a creator than a responder.  He would be a purveyor of services to his clientele, if he hadn’t already become one.  And, through all of this, the infringement of collective expectation upon the bounds of individual will have been nothing less than the corroding agent of his self-actualization!  
But then, perhaps Didi was getting carried away with her assumptions. She did not feel like her usual self.  She could now feel her heart racing. A moment ago, she had been nearly too drowsy to keep her eyes open.  Now, her mind swirled at the same frantic pace as her heart. What had happened?  What the devil was in that wine???
A gaggle of society ladies who had materialized in the corner of the room now seemed to be nattering on disapprovingly about something.  The only phrase Didi could catch was “…even still, he owes money all over town…”  She could not be sure who it was they were talking about, but if they happened to be talking about Sanchez or his benefactor, this certainly left a lot of question marks dangling overhead.
“So…” the benefactor said, finally turning to her.  “How is our special guest?  I can tell that you must be excited to have been chosen for Sanchez’s next project. You have no idea how many young ladies your age were positioning themselves for the part. Putting themselves in positions even! Some were even knocking on Sanchez’s door as early as last winter!  But he held true to his vision and…well…he found you!  And I must say, I can now see why he held out!”  The benefactor extended his arms forward as though expecting a hug, but Didi made no gesture of acknowledgement.  His arms dropped to his side and his face grew grim to the point of wincing at the sudden resurgence of a painful memory, “Expect a little bit of jealousy, my dear. That comes with the territory.  You are a newbie, so naturally they are going to be threatened by you. Just look at them!”  He looked over his shoulder into the corridor separating this room from the next.  Didi had not noticed them before, but awkwardly lined up along the long red tubular wall of the corridor was a group of five young women no older than she, tossing eye daggers whilst muttering venomously to one another.
“A fine flower Sweet Florence is!” Lustitar assented. His eyes closed delicately as he recited:

Renewing is the thread
Entwined with unyielding fate
Enraptured at retread
Of myriad a chance date
Goaded by eyes’ glimmer
Prophets augur with bold haste
For Sweet Florence simmer
Do passions timely, but chaste

There was a brief silence, followed by what seemed reverent applause.  Lustitar bowed at the audience, his long, thick textured hair briefly swaying before his reddening face. It seemed for a moment that he was stricken bashful at this attention.  He seemed strangely taller now than he had on the day she had first met him. Didi was impelled to ask, “D-did you just come up with that now?”
“W-well yes, m’lady!” he replied shyly, bowing most nobly before her.  “I was…I…I well—sometimes am struck by the moment.  I-I generally don’t…well I don’t do things like this. I…y’see, I scarcely deem it—it’s it’s not appropriate to me…um…in a party setting. I am sorry if I…I embarrassed you by-“
“Oh! No no, not at all!” Didi suddenly felt her face getting hot.  She was, in fact, quite embarrassed.  But more than this, she was overwhelmed. Nobody had ever honored her in such a way before and she knew not the best way to respond. This was certainly more high-level than the juvenile ‘clucking and wheeling’ brand of poetics he had been spewing forth that day in the public square. Perhaps, the circumstances changed his manner of presentation, or this audience of sophisticates. She knew not what. At any rate, something made her feel a sense of obligation to this man for whom until now she had had no feelings. Almost out of this invisible self-expectation seemed to arise a spark of sentiment she had not previous felt for this man or for anyone in her lifetime. Be it a spark of obligation or gratitude or genuine attraction, she could not deny the sudden feeling that erupted in her. A sharp pain pinned itself between her eyebrow and a strong pain reached her breast.  It became difficult to breathe all of a sudden.
Sensing her discomfort, Lustitar sputtered, “A bit of a spectacle, yes—I hope I…are you OK?  You look displeased. Disgusted even! Have I…I do hope I have not-“
“Your Sweet Florence is beside herself at such a tender homage…” Sanchez proffered matter-of-factly. “Very handily done my friend.  Now, let’s see how the Untouchable does at reciting the same-“
“HE WILL DO NO SUCH THING!” Lustitar erupted.  Didi awoke from her yearning, agonizing reverie, her feelings settling with the weight of instantaneous disappointment. “THOSE ARE…they…” Lustitar closed his delicate eyes and took a deep breath again, a tear streaming down his cheek.  “They are my sentiments. My words…” his nose was running.
“That so? Thought for a moment they were directed at her. As with all things, it’s all about you. Wipe your nose!” Sanchez flicked a hanky contemptuously in his direction, “Or you’ll catch your death just like this young lady’s half-father!  Not Raju—the other one. The dwarfish fellow!”
Didi jumped at this. Had she mentioned Guni to Sanchez? If so, how could that topic have arisen? For that matter, at what point would it have been relevant to the conversation for her to mention that he had died of a runny nose?
“They are my words…” Lustitar said again in a defiant whimper, accepting the handkerchief. “They are not to be profaned as though they were some cheap parlor trick…”
“That’s not for you to decide, young man. My dear lad: we’ve been over this. No? Once they are uttered, once they are released into the ether for all to behold, they cease to belong to you.  They belong to all the world and its creatures: even more to them than to you, for it is all which is external to your perception that inspires the essential miasma you systematize into words…” Sanchez breathed sympathetically. His tone became tender, almost loving. “Your words, like all works of art, like all modes of expression, like all transmissions put out into the deep unseen universe—they all have a fate of their own. You may love them as a parent loves his children, as God loves all creation, but so must you grant them the freedom to exist independently: separate, but still very much an extension of you.  And yet it is not your privilege to grant.  No…no…” he paused, “You are not ‘granting’ them the freedom. Perhaps that is a poor choice of words. What I mean to say is that you must accept it without question.  You must accept that this is the natural cycle of creation.”
“Do you mean to say, Sir, that our free will has not been granted by our Creator?”
The untouchable had said this. Beastslayer raised a club, which he twirled with the slow anticipation of crashing it through the skull of this non-complier. Sanchez put out a hand slowly and the club dropped to Beastslayer’s side.  “What?  Who?”
“Our Creator?”
“Who the hell is-“
“God.” 
“Oh?”
“Mm. Did He not grant us free will? Or did it lie external to His whims? Did He, in fact, have no say in the matter?”
Sanchez turned to Didi and muttered, “The only thing worse than a dirty street urchin is one who fancies himself learned. Apparently they had what can loosely be referred to as an ‘education’ out in his province. Funny little place. All your relatives were also named Ottoman, were they not? And so now our young hero walks the planet for the rest of the days with this ridiculous name of Ottoman-13! Ridiculous name from a ridic-”
“Won’t you be quiet and let the poor man speak?” Didi demanded. “The way you treat him is reprehensible!  I refuse to stay here any longer!  I can’t stand another minute around you horrible pe—” She found herself pausing suddenly as she said this, for the Untouchable’s eyes seemed to flicker with a tinge of approval, but also with something that looked like disappointment. 
“You heard the lady!” Sanchez said with a smile to Beastslayer. “See her to the door and arrange for a coach to take her home.”
She looked helplessly at the Untouchable, whose disappointment seemed more pronounced than before as though she had done or said something wrong. Had she? 
“Wait!” she said in a panic. “I-I just want to say-“ Beastslayer’s broad firm hands clamped over her elbow and a gentle tug pulled her out of her chair. She rose with it and paced backward as he guided her across the room through the growing throngs of onlookers. As she got further and further away from Sanchez, Lustitar and Ottoman-13, “I just wanted to say…” she said again, “To you…and Master Ottoman…that’s your name, yes? Ottoman?” 
She was now being pulled backward quickly by the elbow. She faced back toward the group and tried to call out, but her voice liquefied to gurgles as though she were suddenly swept up in the swift currents of a bad dream. She held out one listless arm in the vain assumption that this should somehow help matters, and the rest of her body drooped with resignation as she was being dragged quickly in the other direction, her legs straight and the heels of her new pink shoes—where did those come from?—dragging along the carpet of the room.  
The room stretched like elastic before her. The lights became stars, which became streaks in the grayspace, and then networks of fading shimmers.
“Oh my dear. You’ve said plenty.” Sanchez was now calling out at her from the far edge of a growingly distant semi-circle of curious guests. How had they gotten so far away so quickly? It was almost as through the epicenter of the universe had been that pink sofa upon which she had been sitting earlier, and that all else expanded infinitely outward from it in concentric fields. Perhaps it was the center of the universe! Maybe that was her big chance and she had squandered it by taking a moral stand on a matter, which, after all, was not at all worthwhile!  A twinge of regret began tightening the thick rusty screw in her abdomen. She could almost hear the creaking that came with the twist. Had she, in fact, missed her chance at being in the center of the universe?
Sanchez continued matter-of-factly in an insect voice: “Worry not. Things like this happen all the time.” Was it not a big deal, or had he already given up on her and moved on? He continued: “I am unoffended—as I’m sure you can guess I have a fairly thick skin. All the same, I think perhaps it is best for you to rest up properly before we get started with our project.”
“With our-?” she had to make a concerted effort not to betray too much excitement in her tone.
“Well yes…” she could sense the amusement in his tone, “…yes yes!…rest up Sweet Florence! We’ll all see each other again sooner than you think.  I’ll be sure to-” The semi-circle began to close around Sanchez, Lustitar and Ottoman. The cheers and the clinking of glasses and the laughter was now growing so loud and resounding, in spite of its growing distance from her—so loud, in fact, that she could barely catch what he was saying “…and then…after we arrange with the police force…about 3 months…ransom…do you live with…? Worry not….find out from…been curious about that strange brother of yours…true that Heisenpigs were involved? Wretched, wretched...forget I mentioned…you later…OK…Lustitar…wants to…” But now he was too far away to catch all that he was saying.
The vast room spread between her and the group of people. She had not realized before how spacious the area got behind her sofa, for she had not thought to look in that direction. Apparently she had been seated very close to the far edge of the room, which lent to the illusion that the room was much smaller than it actually was. Still, this did not account for its strikingly good acoustics. Perhaps there was some nature to the rubber walls that prevented sounds from reverberating too much throughout Aqua Pod. She spoke now to Beastslayer, behind her, “How am I to get home? Are we not far from the main roads?”
“There lies a small trail out to the main roads, m’Lady,” Beastslayer said dutifully. She now realized that this was the first time he had spoken that evening. “A coach can take you from there.”
“Why do they call you Beastslayer?  Is that your name?”
“Tis a family name, m’Lady. M’father’s father and father’s father’s father were Beastslayers of the clans of old who are no more.”
“Which clans?”
“I know not the name, m’Lady, but only our role within the clans.”
“Don’t you find it unusual to carry a name which has so little meaning now?”
“I’ll beg m’Lady’s pardon for not understanding the question.”
“I mean…” but then she fell silent. What does ‘Didi’ mean? Or ‘Ottoman’ or ‘Bunnu,’ for that matter? She thought. Why should I expect differently from others? “Forget what I said. So…what does your father do? Surely he’s not a Beastslayer.”
“A bodyguardsman like me, m’Lady. Too brutal for the police force he was.  But didn’t want me doing this either.”
“Families change over time…” she sighed. “What would he have you do?”
“Podiatric Science.”
“Pardon?”
“I beg m’Lady’s pardon again should I imply being a bodyguardsman were an unfit profession, or rather a non-profession. A pragmatic man—m’Pappy—and conservative are his views of sensible work. He realized one day upon acquiring an intractable foot fungus that there shall never be a time going forward in the course of humankind wherein there should cease to be a need for those who treat foot fungi. Beastslayers may become obsolete over time. Podiatrists never shall.”
“Is that what you want for yourself?”
“Tis not for me to say, m’Lady. Happen eventually it most certainly will. According to m’Astrologer, tis nary a path in parallel. No choice have I in the matter says she!”
“You should talk with my brother.”
“Assuming we can separate him from the Heisenpigs, m’Lady…”
“What do you-“
She heard a big door open behind her. The warm air of night rushed in with a gentle waft and the chirps of Deionized Possums invited her into their twilight domain. She started craning her neck to look back, when suddenly she heard a voice, “Sweet Florence!”  She looked ahead again. Somehow Lustitar had caught up.  His face was beet red and his long hair seemed to fall in thicker strands than she previously remembered. Had each of his hairs grown in girth over the course of his traversal of this vast space between the erstwhile ‘here’ and the immediate ‘here?’  Perhaps he had used his forehead to bend Space-Time, so that he might bridge the distance more quickly. How selfless! “I-I just…well—I hope I didn’t embarrass you earlier.”
“Stop for a moment, won’t you?” she now whispered to Beastslayer, who sighed and relaxed his grip on her elbow. Her hip made impact with the floor and she found herself sitting again on the floor, much like she had earlier in the cave. “You didn’t embarrass me…but-“
“But what?”
“I wasn’t sure if you were saying those words for me…or not.” She said this with a meek smile, “But anyway they were beautiful!”
His face somehow grew even deeper in redness. “Well…I’m sorry if I seem—that is if I AM a bit self-absorbed. I just-“
“Nobody’s asking you to apologize! Writers are supposed to be like that.” She felt a wave coming over her, though she could not pin down precisely what that wave happened to be. It swept from the back over the top of her head and curled forward and finally hooked back through her abdomen. It was a delightful sensation, so much so that the very desire to bring it back caused her to shiver suddenly. 
“Are you cold?” he said with sudden concern.
“No…” She laughed at his sudden diffident skittishness. This young poet who seemed so arrogant and self-possessed at their first meeting was actually rather gentle. She found herself wishing he would just get rid of that other part, but then realized that she liked that side of him as well.  “No…I’m not cold.”  There was an awkward pause.
“Oh…good. So…uh…you like the weather then? I mean…it doesn’t bother you?”
“N-no.  It’s quite fine. Not a bother.”
“Good. All is well then.”
“Erm…yes…certainly.” She looked back at Beastslayer now, who hovered over both of them at the doorway, trying to pretend he wasn’t listening, but seemingly scratching his head all the same at the unaccountable awkwardness of this exchange.
“Ah…I’m sorry,” said Lustitar, spreading an extra layer of discomfort over the dynamic, “Your…gentleman friend appears to be waiting. Sorry to hold you up, Sir.”
“Beastslayer??? He’s not my-“
“Just escorting M’lady, Sir Lustitar,” Beastslayer intervened. “Have my assurance you do that nary should I seek but to perform my duties for good Herr Sanchez.”
“R-right. Herr San—does he have you call him—nevermind, at any rate,” suddenly Lustitar’s tone became commanding, like a superior speaking with his lesser, “I trust you will ensure that this young lady gets home safely?”
“Most certainly Sir Lustitar!”
“Splendid! Splendid!” his palms came back over his hair and he smoothed the strands as a cat might when cleaning its fur.  He pulled out a change purse from his vest pocket and handed Beastslayer two coins, and then hesitatingly a third one. “Consider yourself now under my employ!”
Beastslayer looked embarrassed by this, “Mm…begging M’Sir Lustitar’s pardon, but I am already under the employ of Herr Sanchez. By rights his orders rank highest.”
“Well…” Lustitar now got out two fresh bills and slapped them down into Beastslayer’s hesitant palm. “Consider yourself now doubly employed.”
“’Tis a kind, but wasteful gesture, Sir Lustitar. Escort her home were my orders from the start. Herr Sanchez’s order ran-”
“Ranks highest. Yes, yes, yes! I get it!” Lustitar now said impatiently. “Well, consider mine then equivalent, and if not that, at the very least, second in rank. Now, I ask you kindly to take this money and do as I bid!” He slapped down extra money in the palm of Beastslayer. “Or I shall take this matter up with your father!”
“’Tis regretful if I have offended Sir Lustitar. Please accept my apologies. Take your money I shall, but I hope to repay it to you somehow another day.  Perhaps I can do you another service, unrelated to this one!”
“Then, I shall count that future service as Pro Bono and thank you for it then. Right now, I am only paying for this one!” Lustitar insisted.
“Will you just drop it already?” Didi now said, her arms folded. “Everybody here’s a bully!”
“Begging M’Lady’s pardon, but-“
“Now, don’t YOU start!” she admonished. “I can get home just fine on my own.”
Lustitar and Beastslayer shared a brief look, which signaled to Didi that they had discovered mutual adherence to the notion that she was somehow mistaken.  The troubled curling of their lips to each side portended a new momentary conspiracy. “Well…listen,” Lustitar said with a sudden flat diplomacy to his tone, as though he were saying something to his counterpart that did not necessarily require saying, “I won’t take up any more of your time. I’m sure you’d like to-“
“Gracious you most certainly are, Sir Lustitar,” Beastslayer said with a reluctant bow, his eyes darting nervously between Lustitar’s and Didi’s.  It was clear both to him and to Lustitar that she had cottoned on to this overt pretense, and yet this rendered the gesture no less necessary. Nevertheless, she saw no further reason to stay; thus, calling attention to their play-acting in the moment did not seem relevant. 
“Well then…” Didi said with a controlled sigh. “I believe we should make our way, shall we not?”  She reached up and pulled herself to her feet with the help of the door frame. 
“As you wish, M’Lady…”
“Florence, Sweet Florence…” Lustitar said longingly and then his eyes lifted somewhere as though to view some vision some place beyond the physical plane, before descending again. And then he recited:

How tender would this Myst of Eve
So placid Drift upon thine Air,
Whose glistening but doth Conceive
No fictions spake but Masked with care?

I, Hand to breast, yet still to reach
For Vapor spirals flouting hold
I, Dews of Morning, should beseech
Dawn’s blossom what must yet unfold
 
“Mmm…yes. Nice,” Didi managed with forced approval. She was too tired now to process that heaviness of elemental substance with which these words were soaked. It was enough to acknowledge that their beauty exceeded both purpose and propriety. Yet, to her, it was now the equivalent of feeding a Heisenpig from a golden slopbucket. She knew herself worthy of no such grandiloquence of sentiment, and to a certain extent, it exhausted her to envisage that some, like this Lustitar, might mistakenly fancy otherwise.  The irrational musings of an artist blinded by his own vision, she thought. 
As though following her ruminations keenly, the broad hand of Beastslayer clasped again around her elbow and pulled her gently through the door, which soon shut tightly behind, sealing away all the noise, all the pretensions and all the musty cave-like odors of this strange, but enchanting place called Aqua Pod. That reality of Sanchez and Lustitar and philosophy-spewing untouchables and gigantic fancy hob-nobbers: all of it was shut away now as though this building served also as a kind of hermetic trunk. What curiosities remain shut up inside! She marveled, but accompanying this also was a nature of disappointment she could not understand completely. There was something about the way they were that bothered her, saddened her even.
“I feel it too,” Beastslayer said. “That sadness.”  How did he know? “People treat you sometimes like there’s something wrong with feeling. But I say, ‘Just go ahead and feel! Who the hell are they to tell you!’”  There was something oddly different about the way he was speaking. His manner of expression had lost its previous formality and his tone had grown colloquial.  “Ain’t nobody’s who!” There was a profound melancholy about him she failed to understand. It was so deep that she could not envision its origin.
“Beastslayer, I…” she offered uncomfortably.
“Your carriage is up this way, M’Lady!” The way he addressed her this time seemed more offhand. Less a tone of humility than that of an impatient master directing his pet. He put on a large red velvet top hat as though this were meant to signify something, though she knew not what. Where did that opulent hat come from? It looked so strange together with Beastslayer’s black linen jumpsuit. And now he wore gold hoop earrings too. Had he put these on while she wasn’t looking? It made him look like an enormous children’s toy from a store window: a fantastical Interplanetary Desert Raider—who presumably only flitted about from this galaxy to that for the sake of roving the deserts of distant planets.
“Well…I-I-“ she sputtered in disbelief, and then paused. 
Looking around now, she realized that she was standing in a stone tunnel. This fact had not been apparent to her at first entry, as this area had lacked that resonance of sound one would naturally detect upon entering a vast hollow structure as this. Leading up and away from the door of Aqua Pod she could make out in the darkness a steep incline that led to an area from which luminous trails spilled down the smooth pavement: it was a dim yellow light, presumably that of lanterns. 
“OK…” she said with a hint of unsettled wonder. “Let’s go.”
Making their way through the tunnel and up the incline, Beastslayer and Didi soon emerged into that vague buttery glow, which melted over a level cobblestone courtyard. Peculiar. What was this place? More importantly, where?
Peering back down the tunnel from which she’d emerged, it occurred to her now that the Aqua Pod had been in the cellar of a larger structure that resembled a stone temple. In the illumination of torch and starlight, this veined metamorphic structure looked itself a handsome boulder: smooth and moist, but for its protruding windows, which were open and oval-shaped like scrutinizing eyes penetrating one’s soul. Its menacing, stoic facade delivered ancient, oppressive judgments, though the building itself was not terribly large, perhaps two or three stories at best, and appeared otherwise unoccupied. Nevertheless, its vacancy on the upper floors failed to signify abandonment. No, there was no neglect to be seen, no lapse in attention bestowed upon it, as she could detect not even the slightest hint of vegetation that had grown over the outer structure, which led her to assume that it was being cared for methodically in spite of its forgotten essence. There was a terrifying contradiction in this and, for some reason, it wounded her spiritually to imagine that this were so—presumably this lost arithmetic could merely be postulated but never derived with unassailable fidelity. She scanned her memory desperately, only to conclude that she had, at best, merely seen pictures of buildings like these in books.  She could not identify the style of architecture. Most certainly it was different from most of the architecture of this region of Kaiiba. Moreover, it was old; however, it was difficult to imagine the scale of its age. It was prehistoric—that much was certain, and yet to leave it at that without further detail seemed an unjust generalization.  She did not know whether to curse her own lack of knowledge, or to lament that, possessed or not, such knowledge would inevitably corrode in the ceaseless peeling of seasons.  The stone structure would remain, but its essential meaning will not have endured the weathering of time; and future generations would only be able to look upon it and speculate in the same manner as she is now—and if they did any better than she at mapping its origins and trajectory, they might, at best, derive an approximation still far removed from the actual. Even though this vacant structure seemed well attended to, she could not help but feel empathy for this lonesome configuration of substance, for there could be no doubt that it was very much, perhaps out of the sheer integrity of its upkeep, rather misunderstood. It was better left to ruin at least for the sake of preserving its intangible aspects from the corruption of Now. To be sure, there was something now absent for which no reconciliation could be achieved in contemporary essence. “Bhakti,” she heard herself say though she knew not why.
A gentle hand fell on her elbow again and she turned around.  Just in front of her, there stood a carriage facing away from her. On either side of the carriage, there were stairs leading up to the torchlit doorsteps of newer-looking stone structures.  The length of these buildings continued out to an arched gateway, which formed the boundary of this cobblestone courtyard. Beyond the gate, the cobblestone quickly devolved to a gravel path, which disappeared into a darkened shade of overhanging trees. Out and far beyond the patch of dark was the vague glow of moonlight upon the white flagstones of highway.  She recognized the highway at least: this gave her a sense of where she was at the moment, although she could not be sure just how far down the highway she had ended up. 
A horse began to whinny. The sound was oddly familiar. She quickly walked around the side of the carriage to see the horses. The one closest to her she recognized. Unless, she was mistaken, this was the horse—the one she had first ridden to Bahlia from Vasalla a few years back. Eihachiro had gifted her one of his oldest horses on the condition that she set him free once she’d arrived. She remembered now letting him go and how he’d bolted for the mountains, seemingly with an idea in mind of where he was going—with a destiny presumably of his own to fulfill. And now he was here again in front of her, but, for some reason, he looked stronger. And younger! His coat was thicker and there was not a hint of that frailty which had worried her over the course of that first journey. Was this indeed the same horse?  Maybe she was remembering it wrong, but a part of her really wanted this to be the same horse. At the same time, she wished for him to be free again.  Maybe, at the very least, she could see to it that this horse-
“It’s time to go!” the hand returned to her elbow. This time it was firm. She could not be sure if Beastslayer had anticipated her plea to free the horse, but it seemed useless now to voice it.  No! She would try anyway. “No!” he said, as she opened her mouth. “What you are going to ask of me: the answer is no! There is no room for debate! Herr Sanchez is…well, he’s—” His grip grew firmer, as though this were sufficient to convey what he was unable to express in words. She wondered briefly what incentives drove the actions of this Beastslayer. What did he have to gain or what did he fear to lose in this choice of behavior, or was it indeed a matter of choice?  If it was not choice, what was the mechanism behind his unconscious response to this anticipation of stimulus?
 It suddenly occurred to her that there were others present all around. She looked up the steps at the door of the new stone building just beyond the carriage. Glaring down at her from a circular glass window built into the door was a pair of imperious-looking round faces. They were the faces of young middle-aged men who seemed to be whispering to each other frantically, though she could not hear their words through the window. Either they were having a quarrel, or they were equal in their disapprobation of what they were witnessing. She could not be sure which. At any rate, someone was watching them and Beastslayer was acutely conscious of this as well, which possibly accounted somewhat for his stern behavior, albeit not completely. Turning around, she looked up the stairs leading to the door of the other stone building. There were two more faces there, which seemed to be gazing firmly across the courtyard at the first set of faces, as though monitoring them for compliance purposes.  There was a strange organization behind all these goings-on, the mechanics of which suddenly disconcerted her.  “M’Lady, how long it should take to arrive at your destination I cannot say for certain. In any case, at this hour crowded are these highways, though no one seems to know why.” His tone had returned to its previous state of deliberateness, and he spoke again in that transposed grammar of pompous servility, as though responding to the faces at the windows.
“Who are those-?”
“A large company ‘tis, M’Lady, and soon should you get to know its many players well beyond thine own good I fear.”
“Where did you learn to talk like that? Did your school-“
“I know my way of speaking may seem a bit artificial. I’m self-educated, M’Lady. Well, home educated might be more fitting. I hope you won’t think little of-“
“No no…not at all! I was also for a good part of my youth. Self-educated that is. I mean there were schools in Vasalla, but I had to work. After my mother died, that is…” She paused and looked at him meaningfully, “The girls at my school now think me crude and uncultured. Being new to the experience, I probably didn’t pick up the norms of school as quickly as I should have. What was common sense to them did not seem sensible to me. I’m not sure if that rendered me foolish, or them slavish. At any rate, I also think they have always seen me as lower, since I descended upon my family here in Bahlia with that sizeable debt. All the worse since it was to a known gangster. Doesn’t bode well for one’s reputation I suppose. But maybe they’re right. I mean one has to be realistic about one’s origins. I know my parents here really pulled a lot of strings to get me out of debt. O. played no small part in that, as I’m sure you know. And to get me into that school too. It’s only natural I’d stand out among them—it’s supposed to be a vocational school, but really it’s more like a finishing school for young middle-class ladies and-”
“M’Lady, your radiance outshine theirs in as many ways as there are rays of sun. You are blessed with an elegance, resilience and intellect beyond worldly measure.  You have experienced more substantive learning than any school could offer. Better even than these silly children, and more so than those exploitative swines in the company. You have character; in the end, that’s all that matters. Now, if you’ll kindly step into the carriage.”  He opened the door and took her hand for a moment to guide her in. She was surprised to find upon touching his hand for the first time that his fingers and palms were relatively smooth. Unless his skin had remarkable regenerative capacity, this man had done no discernible work with his hands, which required physical effort.
Sitting down, she asked bluntly, “Do you think you’re well-suited to your work?”
Without a word, he sat across from her and closed the door. He sharply banged the ceiling of the carriage twice with his fist and they promptly heard a man up front, presumably the coachman, say “Hayyo!” There was a crack of the whip and a jerk as the horses pulled the cart forward.  Once they proceeded beyond the archway, the clacking of hooves became fainter upon the gravel of the soft road leading to the highway. Didi slid the glass to the side and peeked around to see something long and cat-like moving about the dense trees. She could not be sure what was out there in the woods, but seeing that moving silhouette suddenly made her feel safe here in the carriage with the Beastslayer…at least, for the moment. She remembered suddenly her first journey from Vasalla to Bahlia and all the risks she had taken traveling often by night. Now, though she was not much older, for some reason, she felt that there was more to fear. Perhaps she had been too naïve to understand the dangers—but no, that was not it! Given her past, it was difficult to think of herself that way. In fact, living the sheltered life she lived now, she had possibly grown more naïve over time, if such a thing were possible. Aside from this, there could be no other explanation apart from the possibility that she had more to lose in situations of danger these days. She never used to fear dying, but now that she had people around her who cared and feared for her well-being, she felt an earnest desire to embrace that fear of mortality, for the sake of sparing them from the unnecessary grief should something happen to her by dint of her own carelessness. To realize this was, to her, now, a peculiar feeling.  Her fear of death was not genuinely that, but one which sprung out of a deeper fear of causing pain to others. She closed the window now and settled back in her seat. There was a lasting silence as she looked at the Beastslayer and he looked at her. For a moment, she wondered if he hadn’t heard her earlier question and began to work up the saliva to say it again when suddenly he offered, “Unusual question that. And difficult to answer. How could I possibly know the answer to something like that?” His tone had lost its previous politeness once again. She decided to change the subject. For some reason, this was a sore topic for him.
“Where did the coachman come from? Had he been there all this time? I hadn’t noticed-”
“Me uncle he is. Old drunkard so we have t’keep ‘im busy so he doesn’t get soused and raise up a piss storm about town. Cost us a pretty Julep last month when he was fined for causing a disturbance in a pub downtown. Not allowed in there anymore. No cause for alarm though. Ee’s fine today I think.”
“Oh…OK. So…d-does your family all live under one roof?”
“Mm? Oh no…well as I said we’ve been here for generations so we’ve quite an extended network. Not all Beastslayers by name, but our caste has been selectively pressured toward interbreeding with species of similar physically rigorous trades: Gorilla Proctologists (to be clear, the gorillas are the patients not the doctors), Grenadier Midwives, Human Projectiles (back when there were shortages of Yak Lead).  Yes, we come from hardy stock, but we rarely get together except for the occasional wedding or reunion. Most of my relatives are nearby though. There’s always been a need for our kind, so I suppose we’re not so inclined to migrate.”
“Hmm…that sounds nice. To have a place where you feel you belong.”
“Belong?”
“Well, yes…you belong to this place. This is your home and…” she could see that her words were not registering with him. “I mean…y’see, I’m not originally from here. Or anywhere for that matter. I grew up in Vasalla yes…but my ancestors were not originally from there. And then I came here and—I guess, I just have a hard time thinking of a place where I feel a sense of belonging.”
“Sense of belonging?”
“Well, I guess you have it, so it may be natural enough to you that you don’t even recognize it.”
“So, then, is it something I need to think about?”
“Well…maybe you don’t.  But I guess…I think…about it sometimes. I wish I had it.”
“Yeah, but if I have it and don’t know what it is, why should you even want it?”
This question suddenly silenced and perplexed her. “I…I’m not…sure,” she said. “I…guess…I don’t know what it is either.”
“Is that why you want it?”
“Possibly.”
“Hmm…”
There was the sound of other hooves and whinnies and the chatter of human voices. The carriage seemed to be slowing down. Beastslayer opened his window and peeped out. “Looks like we have some congestion on the highway. I really would like to know where people are going, or rather where they presume to be going, which is something altogether different. Yet, I find myself afraid to ask.”
Didi leaned his way and touched his thigh. “I can ask.” He looked at her hand uncomfortably, which she withdrew quickly, realizing its impropriety. “I can ask,” she said again quietly. His sidelong glance persisted, as his eyes rose to meet hers, and she realized immediately that this had been a silly thing to say.
“To whom are you betrothed?” he asked directly now. 
“Pardon?”
“Surely you, at your age, a contract has already been made. Perhaps I’m speaking out of turn. I just mean to say that I’d be surprised if you weren’t.”
Didi looked down at her dress to see that she was still wearing the costume and jewelry made for her by Wilmina. It possibly caused others around her at the party to assume that she came from a different level of society. Maybe the Beastslayer also thought she came from a high-caste family. Why else would he assume that an arranged union should come so easily? 
Unless…
Something occurred to her suddenly. “This carriage is taking me home, is it not?”
“Certainly.”
“Which part of town do you think my family is from?”
“Oh please, M’Lady. The keen insights of Sanchez I may not have, but I know who you are. I know all about your mother and her anti-Republic affiliations, about her peculiar relationship with O-bousan-34, gods rest his soul. I know a lot of things. About your brother-“
“Brother?”
“Quarter-brother. Sorry! That I know as well.”
“What else do you know about Bunnu?”
“You mean that you don’t know? Well, that’s difficult to say. I presume a fair bit, but no more and possibly no less than any other townsperson.”
“What are you saying?”
“You don’t get out much, M’Lady. Or, at least, so they say. Maybe you hear rumors about your brother though, no?”
“Yes…what are they?”
“Is your mother putting him up to all this?  Was the O-bousan?”
“All what? Wait…am I being questioned?”
“M’Lady, this is no time for theatrics.”
“What did you mean when you said-“ she froze suddenly, unable to continue. Her thoughts swirled around a conversation she had overheard once between her father, Raju, and the O-bousan. It was nighttime, and they were standing outside below her window. They stood in a swath of moonlight between shadows. It was winter and the Karakaze howled, making it difficult to hear well what was being said. She crouched down and peered over the windowsill of her second floor room to look below, hearing only their tones of voice, but not their words. Gazing down, she judged by the situation that they were merely exchanging pleasantries, for it was rare that the two would speak one-on-one, and there was little else for them to talk about but everyday things. However, in spite of their polite, accommodating expressions, their tones of voice seemed immersed in a dialogue altogether different. Beneath what she presumed to be casual comments about crops and weather and local happenings was a dynamic marked by contempt and condescension in the voice of the O-bousan and a kind of helpless, but impotent remorse in that of Raju. Yet, it was a peculiar nature of remorse. He was remorseful for something he presumably could not control, or so it sounded in the wavering and uncertain dips of his intonation.  He was sad about something, which he had done or failed to do, but which filled him with no internal compunction, except when confronted with its external effects. Raju seemed now like a domesticated pet that had only followed his natural impulses, which, in some cases, equated, knowing his passive inclinations, to the impulse to do nothing at all when action was otherwise warranted.  And now, he was being scolded by a master, who purported himself to uphold a “superior” system of values. There was a defeat in Raju’s tone as he spoke presumably of renovations he was making to the barn, or of the rising prices of feed. The defeat caused her to despise the O-bousan, because she sensed he had made her half-father feel that way, and that he had had no right to do so. Now, her mind turned to the O-bousan as a human being and the economics of his behavior. Even in his greatest contortions of affecting spiritual holiness, his voice was generally not so forceful in its artifices as it was now, and not otherwise so, unless a moderately attractive female temple-goer was involved. He played it up grandly in front of her mother, and with even more flamboyance in front of her, as though his poncing piety were best exuded through some elaborate mating dance. It filled her always with an unsettling feeling and she did her best to keep her distance, especially as he was a good bit older than her and smelled pungently of the stiffest and grayest of spirits. Yet, in this moment, the exaggerated tonal swagger with which his voice circled about, hemming Raju into its aggressive perimeter, seemed not compelled by his desire to impress, as much as by his compulsion to assert an ownership Didi failed to comprehend. His tone conveyed that Raju was an impediment to something of significance, and that he should feel shame for being so. 
Another recollection crashed, plunging her ruminations downward momentarily, and then up again, to erratic bobs and spirals against the eddy of new currents agitated by sudden revelations of her mother’s peculiar temperament. Lately, Yuri’s spirit had dampened, which was to say that there appeared to be less of her present than previously. Something was missing it seemed, though it was difficult to say what that was. A memory lingers of an echo, for example, long after it has died away, but then the memory too disintegrates. The fidelity of that echo becomes unreliable and subject only to imperfect reminiscence: so it was with this sudden element that was absent from Yuri. This was not to say that she was gone completely, but that something had left her. At first, Didi had presumed this dampening to have been a symptom of exhaustion from the incursions upon her domain of her nettlesome Vasallan relatives. However, Aunty Nalini and Uncle Suneil commented also on something amiss. They noted the pallor of her countenance, and asked her repeatedly if she was unwell and she would insist with utter fervency between angry pushes of the broom that she was fine; yet, one could still detect that moment of inhalation and that held breath before she’d said it. There was no missing the suppression of a sigh, and that the intensity of her reaction was just a put-on. She looked drained; yet, she seemed to feel the need to keep up the façade, although she clearly was not good at doing this. All this time, Didi had put the blame on the relatives; but no, now she realized that there was something more to this.
“Was she really with him at the end?” Beastslayer asked.  He had been watching her closely, seemingly tracing the path of her thoughts. How could this be possible? She still felt dizzy. Had she been talking to herself out loud? Suddenly, she wasn’t sure.
“Who?” her face looked down shamefully.
“Come now! Don’t play coy. You know what I’m getting at.” Now, suddenly, he had no detectable dialect. Until now, the changes in his manner of speaking had all been elaborate acts of subterfuge. Clearly, he was an investigator of some kind. She knew not for whom. Sanchez?
“The O-bousan?”
“When he died. She was with him, no?”
“You’re not saying that she…she-“
“No, she’s not the type surely. There was no foul play. The Inquest was thorough. Paper cuts happen. No one wishes to die this way, but then, any fool knows it best to be careful with new stationary.”
“I ask again: am I being questioned?”
“Does your mother know about Motiwala’s letters to you? Does Bunnu?”
She froze. “Y-you ask so many questions a-about-“
“About things I should know nothing about?”
“Yes.”
“I apologize for my inquisitive nature. Perhaps I should do you the courtesy of responding first to your query. You are not being questioned. I am simply asking you questions. Not on anyone else’s behalf, but to satisfy my own curiosity.”
“Are you a busybody or something?”
“If you must apply some sort of label to make things easier, I suppose you can call me that. I think you misunderstand where I’m going with this, however. That is my fault though. I must confess that I misled you when I said that I knew as much as the other townspeople.”
“You lied?”
“No…not that. I simply misrepresented the situation to you. You see, I know as much as the other townspeople. Yes, but there is only so much that we know for certain. However, I am inclined to surmise a fair bit more.”
“What do you mean surmise?” 
“Well…” he paused nervously, “from a young age, I was told that I was a sensitive.”
“Sensitive? You?”
“Er…well, not in the way you think. You see: I sometimes just know things. I have no idea why. I just get this idea in my head and can’t get rid of it for any rhyme or reason.”
“Delusions.”
“Some have called it so. And yet, so many of them turn out to be true.”
“Oh boy…” she jeered.
He continued, “You see I have these dreams too…”
“Oh please no. Don’t continue with this. I don’t want to hear about your filthy dreams!”
“Perhaps you should. And I promise you they are not filthy. At least not….”
“Not these ones?”
“Er…no, but we shan’t get into that topic.” He blushed.
“Ok good…but…wait! You don’t have any filthy dreams about…me, do you?”
“I thought you didn’t want to talk about that.”
“Well, now it’s going to bother me.”
“No…I guess not.”
“You… guess?”
“Precisely. Now can we continue?”
“Mm.”
“As I said, I have these dreams, sometimes these ideas in my head. I don’t know where they come from.”
“Have you always been like this?”
“Yes…when I was younger, I was thrice possessed by demons. At least that’s what they say. Or were they Djinn’s? At any rate, I don’t remember very much, but they say that it was all on the account of my being a sensitive.”
“Could they not have been fits of delusion?”
“Like I said. I don’t know. Anything’s possible I suppose.”
“So…as it relates to me, what is it you think you know?”
“I don’t know what I know. That’s the problem. I just have these inklings about things. Except about your mum and that O-bousan. I had a very vivid dream about them from which I awoke with a strange sensation. I usually keep my dreams to myself. I don’t want to start rumors. But this one…something about it filled me with a strong urge to talk about it.”
“With whom have you talked about this?” Didi demanded.
“No one as yet,” he said with a hint of wonder. He began to shiver. “In fact, I’d quite forgotten about it until we got into this carriage. Even when I saw you at the party, I never once thought about it.”
There was a brief silence. The carriage lurched ahead slowly and then stopped again. Didi looked out the window and saw that they were still stuck in traffic.  On a wooded incline, she saw, beyond the side of the road, a silhouette moving between trees and then sitting down. It was human, but too small to be an adult. Unless it was a little person. But then a tree swayed in the breeze and the face of this figure passed out of the shadow and revealed itself in the moonlight.  “BUNNU? Is that you?”
The figure jumped up and ran away. “BUNNU!” she screamed again. “What are you doing?” She motioned to get out and the Beastslayer stopped her.
“Let him be,” he said forcefully. “He comes here often. He’ll get back OK.”
“He comes here? On the side of the highway? I could think of nothing more dangerous! And anyway, how do you—“ she paused. “Oh…”
“There are many reasons to watch the highway by night. Many of them are not good. His, I assure you, are as pure as one might expect of a boy as curious as he. You would do better to let this be.”
“OK…” she said compliantly, biting her lip. “D-do you think he heard what you said about his friend, Mohinder?”
“Motiwala?”
“Sorry, yes. Motiwala, yes. Do you think he heard that?”
“Motiwala doesn’t answer his letters anyway, but sooner or later he will.”
“Oh…good.”
“No. No, I’m afraid it will not be good. Your brother will suffer for it, though I cannot tell you how.”
“Please tell me!” she pleaded. 
“I cannot, because I do not know.”
“You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?”
“What?”
“This power you have over me!”
“I assure you, M’Lady. I desire no power. Beastslayers are servants, not masters. Our upbringing has instilled that in all of us.”
“What a sad fate!”
“Is it? It is the masters who suffer most. They suffer from that freedom, from that unbridled tendency to multiply desires.”
“So…now it’s storytime then?”
“The carriage is moving slowly, M’Lady. We can talk of something else if you prefer.”
“No…” she said carefully. “Tell me about the dream. You said it’s about my mother and the O-bousan?”
“Aye. About his death.”
“She was there?”
“In my dream she was.”
“But he died so recently. What a timely occurrence it is for us to meet like this.”
“Its timeliness has no meaning, M’Lady. Not when there are larger forces at play.”
“I’m sorry. I don’t follow.”
 “I am less concerned by the timely, but more by the timeless. There is a larger nature of things to be understood by this.”
“By the timeless…”
“There is a nature of truth. An approximation on the smaller scale which could be said to fit within the framework of the everyday. But there is a larger, more Critical Truth. Something binding those tinier pieces, and which slices them into more distinct shapes. I am compelled to tell you about this dream out of service to that larger Truth. I know not why. I think because moments like these are not well understood. They don’t fit well into the human frameworks of understanding the world. Not in epistemology, logic, economics, poetry…even art. None of that. They are outlier moments: I know not what else to call them. Perhaps they are grand illusions of the Great Prestidigitator, or perhaps they are critical in a way we could never understand. Maybe they lie in that domain of Critical Truth; and maybe our perceptions and our self-styled frameworks and the methods we employ in operationalizing constructs only serve to obfuscate the moments contained within this domain and further thwart our attempts at unraveling their significance.”
“So, you say that this is one such moment.”
“I presume it to be. Yes.”
“Well, then…perhaps I should hear about it.”
“It would be for the best, I think.”
“Then, please. Proceed.”
On Forces of Intention


“My story begins as any good story should: with a confession from the narrator. Amidst this trek inward, I must explain the peculiar transformation required of me, and caution that what I am hereupon to convey is done so from an uncommon juxtaposition oriented not with the intention to mislead, but with the propensity to do so in spite of intention, for, as you will soon see, in my dreams, I am not of the human form. 
“Nor am I omniscient, or so only can I assume, for indeed I am endowed with physicality. In my best estimation, I take on the nature of vapor. Not a particle, but a cloud. That might sound nonsensical until you consider that a cloud as with any tangible form—gaseous, solid, plasmic or otherwise—loses and gains new particles with every passing microsecond. In a manner of speaking, we are all walking clouds, but I don’t wish to waste any more of your time on speculations as to the sempiternal flux of material substance. At any rate, there are sometimes drawbacks to taking on the consistency of vapor in dreams. Sometimes I enter dream characters’ nostrils and it becomes terribly difficult to discern what is going on. Sometimes, they are not nostrils, but other orifices, which, I assure you, is every bit as unpleasant as it sounds, until you consider the fact that there are fouler places for clouds to settle. Oh, and I’ve been to those places. One would like to think that after a time, one begins to accept his position in the universe, until prevailed upon by a chance crossbreeze. 
“The peculiar aspect of this form, which either enlightens or confuses me further as to the true nature of vapor, is that I sense vibrations created by other conscious forms—presumably more conscious than me—and that in these vibrations I sense also their consciousnesses by extension. And then there is a part of me that tingles with doubt at the presumable fallacy of my own perception, for also I sense, amidst this, the firing of their neurons—at least in the case of those possessed of them—moments before action or movement become evident, which is to say, that free and conscious will—and, thusly, the state of consciousness itself—become, by virtue of this phenomenon, mere illusory symptoms of predetermined neural activity. What it is that causes these spontaneous bursts of electrical activity cannot be judged, but I have theories about the coincidence of shifts in temperature and relative humidity with their occurrence. I’m even willing to entertain the possibility that, holding all other endogenous systemic factors constant, incremental changes in electrostatic potential are positively correlated with the frequency and rate of neural activity. There may even be a hard causality behind this, but I cannot speak to its veracity, magnitude or hypothetical directionality without, at the very least, having tested my assumptions via experimental or quasi-experimental methods. Still I am compelled to wonder: if our state of consciousness is merely a feat of neural prestidigitation, are we inclined to deem our actions to be of heightened and freer purpose under the optimal atmospheric conditions related to air pressure, humidity, temperature and altitude? We’ll explore that further somewhere down the line. I’ll bring a thermometer next time we share a horse carriage and I promise you we’ll perform the grandest of experiments on human awareness. At any rate, perhaps you find it disturbing that vapor should be so agnostic about the essence of conscious awareness. This agnosticism, however, I must assure, is purely an expression of my inability to relegate myself to acquiescing to a singular assumption of truth.  
“Needless to say that, in this form, I am highly attuned and somewhat unstable. I might change phase at any moment. I float freely in air for a few seconds, and then I liquefy. With extreme shifts in temperature and pressure, I might plummet to the ground in a crude chunk of solidity. I am possessed of the same substance, but take on different consistencies according to the conditions around me. Like all things.
“Yet, for this moment, however fleeting, I float, and I can think of no better way to be. Can there be a better way? Would it be so glorious were it not ephemeral? I am an entity cognizant of its properties yet ignorant of its substance. Does, after all, an atom understand the nature of its own anatomy and every aspect of its own diminutive inner workings? I contend it knows itself only by its interactions with other atoms and by the conditions of its environment. So must it be with me, who floats and speculates but knows only that there are cosmically just formulations to this veil of ignorance I possess toward the greater Truth. There are those external to me presumably who affix me with an elemental name and ascribe to me certain properties of valence and interaction. They know this only because they are external and for no other reason. 
“I drift nevertheless in currents unknowing.
“There is a glory in this uncertainty, an untethered honesty otherwise subject to bondage. I see other particles locked into larger structures. Even if terribly fleeting, something about this servitude to monoliths strikes me as disconcerting. I pray to whatever force of the Cosmos governs our destinies—to electromagnetic forces at the very least—that they find dislodgment from captivity. I presume to be in union with them, after all, even in our separation. There is a compassion that I cannot reconcile with the unassailable forces of destiny. My unresolved form is desirous of a similitude of opportunity for all particles—whatever that means! Somehow, I sense there should be a social justice of sorts for our kind, but I can only say this to you, for it is a much-maligned sentiment among certain breeds of vapor—again I know not which. 
 “Now and again, in this room, I float aimlessly until there are bursts of static, which oblige me suddenly in directions I had not anticipated. Not mind energy mind you. Bursts of circumstance, not consciousness. These, too, are subject to spontaneity. In the dry air of winter, this is more frequent, but still these occasions of static burst arise also in the humid seasons, albeit less frequently. Sometimes these bursts are so intense, but occur over such a compressed area of space-time, that their shockwaves result in tiny pockets of scalar invariant curvature. Needless to say, the miniature singularities, which spawn out of these, can be an untenable nuisance. 
“Whispers convect about my moist, cloudlike essence; they impart a legend of that nature of dust who pass through tiny black holes to meet infinite obsolescence at the Dunes of Yagi-hige. You have never heard of this place because the very rumor of its existence no longer persists—perhaps it exists now only as the erstwhile mythical wasteland of expired dust. And thus the state of obsolescence is, itself, obsolete by its very annihilation. This being the case, I‘m not even sure why this whisper should seep through me. Are we to grieve the lost whose loss eventually ceases to exist? Loss is, itself, a state of impermanence. It is only sensed in the absence of something desired to be present. Wait centuries for that desire to wane and see who mourns the forgotten—those same melancholic pedants might just as well compose tired elegies to the theoretical obsolescence of dust. It’s a bit disheartening, and there’s nothing we can do about it anyway. I apologize for this nature of fatalism, but, as I said, the agnostic in me senses that if something as little as a burst of static electricity in air can stimulate the neural illusion of free will, in addition to generating the forces of attraction and repulsion governing external occurrences, then there’s little else for us to do than give our forms over to the polarity of electromagnetic currents much like the traversing cross-breezes of chance. Please do not take this to heart though. My ethereal sensitivities give me over to an irrational melancholy, whereby I am compelled to commiserate with dust. 
“You are looking at me with a curious expression, M’Lady. Yes, I know you are surprised that I have changed again the way I am speaking. I apologize for this, for I have no control over the voices that emerge from my mouth hole. I am told that there are many wandering souls that follow me and occupy me from time to time. I have thought of selling them off, but it seems that I require licensure to do so. In this country, possession, consignment or low-interest non-transactional lending of souls does not kick up much legalistic dust, but woe unto him who, without first passing his dealer’s certification exam, endeavors to offer for purchase any soul or bundled assortments thereof. I have on occasion thought of—oh, nevermind. I shall approach that matter in its own time. You have this look of annoyance on your face and I shall not burden you any further with the lengthy transformation of myself from the present back into the moment in question. Is storytelling not such a transformation, after all? There is something remarkable about occupying one specific point in space-time, but converting oneself to the conditions of another, or at least to a representation kept in memory of the conditions of that ‘other,’ however imperfect. I sometimes fear that I might get—oh! Apologies…apologies. OK…ok…I get the message.”
Didi mumbled something to herself that even she could not hear. 
Beastslayer noting this, continued nervously, “And so we begin this tale with the O-bousan humming hymns to himself and sitting at his desk as I, in my vaporous essence, swirl over him in the currents of air circulating about the room. He is a seraphic and serene entity who overflows from his chair—a bloated, but angelic figure surrounded by golden Wormdrool Silk curtains. Were the curtains any silkier and his flesh any more unblemished and supple, I should fancy seeing him wrapped like a cherubic infant in its soft and divine splendor. Still there is a disingenuous nature to all this, for cloistered though he has been over the years, he is not innocent enough to affect this angelic nature without severe self-limitation. By this I mean that he has imposed this sentence of spiritual purity upon himself. I pity him actually for this is not his true nature and he refuses to acknowledge it, and so his trek of piety has been a self-confining journey. Yet, like a fish swimming the deepest of oceans, he has only taken the internal and external pressures of his environment to be the natural climate of the world. One cannot blame him; he has seen little else. He has no understanding, unfortunately, about the ways of the outside world, or of others external to him, for he has forgotten much of his childhood external to the temple. Possibly he is arrested in that same childhood phase of development—although I maintain that this still does not imbue him with the least bit of innocence. I would better describe him as egocentric. He thinks he comprehends situations external to him, when in fact he does not. Nevertheless, it is his counsel they seek. And his leanings being of a spiritual nature, he is fraught with the burden of interlacing all rumination with the threads of his now-threadbare humility. The humility expected of him has become a tall order, for it is now difficult for him not to allow the power he has over his disciples to go to his head, especially when so many of them invest an inordinate amount of faith in the fabric of his robes—at times, this very devotion has forged in him a hatred, but also a vulnerable dependence for these garments, for who, indeed, would he be, were he stripped bare of the holy robes and of this auspicious role in the community? Yet, he also senses a responsibility to them and saturates himself with a pungent scent of purpose of which we can safely say he is truly unworthy. Regardless of these bemusing tensions, and however divorced he remains from the conditions of that universe external to his saintly cocoon, his words are only ever received by others as sacrosanct, for he weaves from the loom of that looming gospel that has hung over him since youth. To the congregation and the younger priests, he is a visionary because he is not afraid to depart from the scripture and make an intuitive leap in the direction of some arcane, yet tantalizing truth that might tickle at the fringes of perception. It is this seeming spiritual honesty, and ability to extend the reach and relevance of the sacred texts without diminishing their value that lends him favor with the community. The more austere priests of the temple, however, receive his words quite differently, but we shall address this matter also in its own time. 
“His office has no walls, but only translucent silk curtains behind which silhouettes of jittery monks scuttle back and forth, when they are not otherwise dithering about lastingly, unsure about whether or not it is prudent to disturb their senior. The carpet beneath him—curse its static!—is red and shaggy. But wait…now my recollection tells me there is very little static present in this room. I realize now that I confused intention for static. Perhaps, I had it in reverse. Maybe the neural transmission of intention affects the electrostatic potential of the surrounding atmosphere not vice versa. Curses! I knew I had it wrong! The devil in my mind doth deceive. Surely you have heard of the effects of intentionality on molecular composition. No? Well, I suppose it is common talk amongst Algorithmists, but you might not know much on the topic. There are, according to their lore, gestalt shifts in paradigm, belief or faith, which occur within the collective consciousness that serve to intensify or attenuate the surrounding electrochemical processes, and thereby the dynamics of interaction between forms—both large and small. Such has been the case in Kaiiba with the recent changes in its economic, social and political infrastructure. Something as simple and seemingly pure as ‘religious faith’ has also taken on a very different intuitive meaning as a result of these shifts. Even in the case of the O-bousan, he senses a change in himself, but little does he understand how very much it is influenced by the zeitgeist of the new Kaiiba of the Republic. Even though he has been separated from the movements of the outside world, he still feels that change in the molecular fabric of his surroundings. He understands not the nature of the compositional and metaphysical shifts because he processes them differently than previously with his new tools of perception. Nevertheless, he senses that there is something lost, but has lost track of what exactly that lost element is, and is not unfortunately of the same inclination as those aforementioned mourners of obsolete dust to perseverate beyond the bounds of necessity. Thus, he cannot accurately intuit the nature of the change, but can only proceed forward, feeling somehow charged with a new intention against whose inexorable movement he is powerless to act.
“Now there is frantic whispering beyond the silky curtains. He recognizes the voices to be those of the younger priests. He hears a female voice among them and his ears perk up. A heat emanates from him suddenly, and I sense a foulness to his secretions, for I am the vapor of summer: the moisture which migrates in cycles. Could it be that I am simply water and nothing more? If so, my travels have been long and tireless. I suppose I have known the pickled innards of summer bodies too well—though I cannot remember this. In the high atmospheric pressure of summer, I may well have been retained within these vessels for longer than I should like. Again I am not sure.
“In any case, a woman emerges from behind the curtains followed single-file by a gaggle of wandering ghosts, none of them particularly benevolent nor malevolent, but nevertheless each vying with the others in the hope of possessing her. She does not know it, but the immoderateness of her passion is actually an allergic reaction caused by the infection of these pesky spiritual termites. Whenever her body and spirit are weakened, they gain entrance and her temper grows fierce. She is, however, of sufficient fortitude to expel such invasions in fits of hysterical ranting. Surely you are no stranger to these purgations. The O-bousan is equally familiar, if not more so. In fact, he has long assumed that your mother has the propensity to speak in tongues and that such moments come out of a kind of devout surrender to a higher-order spiritual ecstasy; presumably, it is the profundity of infinite compassion that educes her hysterical fits. The screams and the endless crying and the singing and the ecstatic cackling. The mood swings are alarmingly rapid, and he only assumes this to come out of a heightened sensitivity to higher-order spiritual mood. This, he feels, is healthy, and others, including the elder priests, are powerless to reason with him. In fact, were someone to suggest that she is afflicted only by her oppressive role as a female, mother and housewife and that these brief moments of release are merely flashes of catharsis from worldly matters—that they are simply a means of expunging that internal accounting of pent-up misery—well then, he would vociferously shout this person down. That is how strongly he feels! I cannot speak with certainty as to whether or not it is reasonable for the O-bousan to hold and defend such assumptions so vehemently, but I can confirm without hesitation that your mother is indeed followed by meandering ambivalent souls, some of whom, without intention, produce an allergic reaction in her resembling spiritual fervor. If it is a genuine fervor and she becomes momentarily a medium of higher-order spiritual mood, then this phenomenon of allergic possession becomes a happy coincidence. But as I said, we cannot be sure either way.”
“Mmmm…” Didi said impatiently.
“Now, your mother purses her lips and looks at the O-bousan, who is already sweating, and she bursts out again in an exasperated tone with something that seemed to be occupying her mind on the walk over. ‘Flying Fingers is at it again!’ she says.
“’Pardon?’ he asks. He sighs for a moment, afraid that they will soon be treading the same tired ground together.
“’Putting funny ideas in the boy’s head,’ she says. ‘Bun-bun…’ she corrects herself. 
“’Flying fingers is the fathe-‘ he starts but she is quick to interrupt him.
“’No! That blasted Outlander!’ she says, ‘Always flicking his hands around and snapping fingers when he talks! And, oh my goodness, the nonsense he spews! Bunnu never speaks anymore. Only to the Outlander if he has anything at all to say. And when he does talk to me, he has this suspicious look on his face.  Like he doesn’t trust me.’
“The O-bousan wipes sweat from his brow and says with sudden urgency, ’You think he knows about your attempts on the life of…‘ He trails off expectantly.
“She pauses and thinks for a second. Finally she rolls her eyes and says dejectedly, ‘Yes…but what does it matter? It’s no concern of his.  He knows Raju has it coming.’
“The O-bousan pauses and exhales loudly through his nose, ’Does he?’
“’We’ve been over this,’ she says.
“’We have,’ he admits, ‘Yes…and I fear I have seen no improvement in you, Yumi.’
“’Yuri!’ she says, ‘Yuri! Now let’s not start this charade again, O-bousan! You’re as much a part of this as—w-what’s with you today? You seem…different.’
“He ignores this. He suddenly looks very tired and has this bored look spreading over his face. He pulls a nail file out of his desk and starts scraping away at his pinky nail. Drained of his usual vigor, he sighs and says, ‘Yuri, I fear our course of treatment has been a failure. If I must be blunt, I fear we’ve made no progress. Your face says no. So…then I ask, how go recent attempts?’
“’It’s no good my darling,’ she says, ‘I-I just can’t-‘
“’Mmm hmmm. Lack the will possibly,’ he says lackadaisically.
“’No I-‘
“’Or otherwise incompetent.’ This he says with a sense of knowing mischief. The bored look passes for a moment as a twinkle comes to his eyes.
“’Now just you wait!’ she warns.
“’Or what?’ he responds with a peaceful smile, ‘Maybe we should be content that it simply won’t happen. Maybe that’s for the better. Maybe you don’t want that on our conscience.’
“Stunned at this, she sputters, ‘Our conscience? B-but I want…I want…’
“’It matters little what you want,’ he says with quick certitude, ‘The relative motion of human action is subject to the momentum of larger forces precipitated by and acting upon free will. On the cognitive level, there is the force of suggestion most certainly. Force of intention possibly. Yes. This I will allow, although intention could be sculpted by suggestion. On the…the…on the…’ He grows weary suddenly. He puts a hand to his head and closes his eyes for a moment. His breathing becomes shallow.
“’O-bousan?’ there is a hint of concern in her voice. ’Are you unwell?’
“He leans forward with his head in his hands, his voice beginning to waver, ‘Please…forgive me. I’ve been feeling…strange today.’ 
“’Just today?’
“’One of the younger lads brought me some flangerines. The gods have countenanced this craving of mine for far too long. Today, I feel a strange sensation in the pit of my stomach.  And now also a tightness in my chest: I find it difficult to breathe.’
“Noting this, Yuri says somberly, ’The elders say that you have been conflicted recently.’ 
“He looks up with a hurt expression. ‘What else do they say about me? Nevermind. It’s no…no matter. So…you’re here to talk about your husband? More of your murderous inclinations? Again again again?’ He sits up in his chair as his overwhelming paunch jiggles with internal turmoil. Inside I sense a churning, but I know not the source of it. He stabilizes the jiggling of the front section of his robe by interlocking his hands in front of his abdomen. There is this look of despair on his face as though he is struggling to keep his entrails from spilling out the front. Your mother looks at him quizzically for a second, and I sense from her neural activity that she is now registering with surprise that he is dressed far more modestly than usual. He is wearing none of his ornate jewelry; he is not clad in his usual lavish robe, but a simpler one; even his hair is not glistening with pomade. Yet, he does not look entirely rundown. Something is different.  
“With a hint of distraction, she says to him, ’No…I-I’m here about the boy…about…B-Bunnu. About Bunnu!’ This last part she sputters out, for I could feel the spittle impacting the invisible mesh of vapor hanging before her.
“He gives her this look of disbelief as though seeing through her pretense. He senses strong intention in her words. I do as well, for most certainly there is a burst of static that pulls me in the direction of a nearby curtain obscuring my view of the events below. The O-bousan sighs and says, ‘I hear words about him from the younger ladies who come to temple.’
“’Younger ladi-‘
“’Filthy…pig…fucker?’ he mumbles slowly to himself and then waves his hand at the thought dismissively, ‘I don’t put much into such rumors, Judy, but I think he too is conflicted. The nature of his suffering is undoubtedly different from yours; but, all the same, I sense that his affliction is quite similar.’
“All this time she had been standing, but finally she sits across the desk from him in a small rocking chair. She looks around possibly noting the surroundings.  She looks curious, but also proud. I cannot quite understand the origin of this sudden feeling.  Why proud? It seems to be a preexisting sentiment.”
“Yes. I think I understand! The temple has changed a lot,” Didi interjected. “At least since I arrived in town. My stepmother had been a devout member for a long time before that. Maybe she is proud of how far it has come in the many years since she migrated here. She seems to talk about it in that way—although she falls short of mentioning her role in its expansion. In spite of her fervor, Yuri is a surprisingly modest individual. Nevertheless, she is not immune to feeling a certain personal pride in contributing to a larger achievement. That’s my read of it. You possibly don’t understand it well because in her it may be a subtle, well-nurtured sentiment.”  Didi paused and thought for a second. She did not know quite from where this explanation had concocted itself, and yet she found herself offering it quite easily and without hesitation. Meanwhile, in the carriage behind them, there was a round of raucous laughter from some rough sounding characters. The laughter brought forth a brief change in the frequency of the cricket chirps. Didi sensed that some collective activity had been undertaken among the crickets in this ecosystem, but could not understand well the nature of it. She looked out the window for a second to see if she could spot Bunnu and saw nothing. Yes, he suffers. But I wonder in what ways he suffers, she suddenly found herself thinking. He is certainly not allowed anywhere near the highway. Yet, he comes in secret? Does he come with a purpose? She felt her eyes swirl somewhere gray for a moment and she departed her body for a split second before emerging again in the carriage with the nagging suspicion that she had journeyed somewhere distant to obtain a lost item, but had returned empty-handed.
She sighed and leaned back again. They had barely moved an inch in the last quarter of an hour. “So…yes,” she said again. “The temple has changed. That’s probably it.”
“Changed it has, yes. And grown…yes.” assented the Beastslayer contemplatively, “Very much so.” His eyes went Elsewhere for a second and she sensed that he too was now being diverted to another matter. He spoke again slowly, “The temple…y’know…the wars have been good for the faith. And, in light of this, we would be remiss to discount the strategies they have undertaken for the sake of gaining influence. Perhaps this, too, affects the present moment of which I speak, though I had not taken it into account.” He paused again before continuing, “Yes, the commissioning and capture of cultural artifacts has been a good idea for them. The acquisition of precious minerals in annexed lands has also been important. It changes the way they view themselves and strengthens the tangible legitimacy of the faith—although we should be remiss forsooth if we failed to recognize the incongruity of material assets with those spiritual. But we shall not approach this matter for now except to reiterate what I had said earlier: that the concept of spirituality and religious faith has taken on a new character amidst the multitude of frameworks currently pervading the zeitgeist of human cognition, feeling and expression. I will say no more about this.”
There was a brief silence and all Didi could hear again was the crickets. Something about these solitary sounds in darkness frightened her for some reason. In the midst of this, the company of the Beastslayer made her feel secure. There was something soothing in the sound of his voice (even if its sound changed as frequently as it had so far this evening, its measured tonality was unwavering). She also knew that the matter about which he was currently speaking was not of particular relevance to the story he’d endeavored to tell, but she forgave the digression anyway. She simply wanted him to speak more, if only to hear that pleasant voice. “Sanchez works with them a lot, I hear,” she finally offered.
“Yes. Indeed he does. He knows how to cater to his audience. Works that inspire awe and displays that evoke ethereal splendor have particular value in keeping the tithes of their patrons. It’s wise investment strategy. The temple also makes good use of its banks. No one can question them for religious usury, for certainly the debtor will need to show penitence for nonpayment.”
“That sounds cynical.”
“’Tis not meant to be. ‘Tis straight economics, M’Lady. They need to stay relevant in the marketplace for sinners. Now, they have to compete with all the other faiths brought in by the Republic. Fortunately, they already have a strong backing in the Senate. Apparently the temple had had missionaries migrating out to those parts of the continent well before the best military and diplomatic strategists to the Kaiiban throne even had reliable maps of the area. I have heard that, at first, some of the missionaries in Malion City were even executed as spies. Many were tortured for information on our defensive capabilities. But eventually an underground movement took root amongst the ‘Heirs Non-Apparent’ of the Republic’s old aristocracy—and by ‘Heirs Non-Apparent’ I mean that sub-group of neglected sisters and younger brothers of ranked and titled noblemen who felt slighted by the enduring traditions of first-born male inheritance, and who sought thusly to create their own oppositional movements within the political infrastructure by wielding influence over the legislature. As it turned out, the persecution of missionaries became a formidable source of political ammunition for these affluent supporters of minority parties, which allowed them to gain a palpable foothold among constituents in the slums and village areas.  As a result, the faith has now become a signpost for progressive idealism and fiscal policies involving wealth redistribution in the Republic. Needless to say that there is also now a lot of public and corporate money backing the faith. Even the Football Associations have a piece of the pie for some reason. I hear the new cathedral-cum-sports stadium in Malion City is going to be so big that it may take centuries to build. The architect who laid out the plans has long since passed away, but apparently he was a Silver Thread laureate. In fact, the construction site is already a spiritual and touristy draw for pilgrims and visitors alike. Again I wonder how all this has affected the institutional culture of the temple. Zeitgeist aside, are the original tenets of the faith at risk of being co-opted? Or maybe that’s already happened.”
“Mm…yes.” Didi said, sensing him circling back to a topic he’d promised not to explore further, “But back to the O-bousan. Something seemed different about him. It sounded a little bit like the way I remember him talking, but not completely. I’d heard from the girls at school that he had changed of late. I don’t give much credence to the rumors, but I heard he used to have a liking for carousing until the late hours of night. But not so much towards the end, I gathered.” 
“I had seen him at parties like the one you attended.” Beastslayer responded thoughtfully, “Yes. He had many friends, but I don’t know much beyond that. He seemed playful, but I cannot be certain whether or not it could be called an innocent playfulness. I sense that he might not have known himself, and perhaps there is a danger to this.  At any rate, I cannot speak to your question about the change in his behavior prior to his death. All the same, there is most certainly something different about him in this dream, as you’ll find.”
“Yes. So, he was saying that Bunnu was conflicted in a similar way to my stepmother?”
“Indeed. And after saying this, he falls silent for a moment and pulls a pipe from the drawer of his desk. Soon there is a new agent in the air. I sense its murkiness and feel also implicitly a murkiness of intention about him. Yuri remarks at this, ‘When did you start smoking?’
“The O-bousan leans back in his chair and stares at the ceiling, letting the smoke swirl out slowly with his breath. ‘I am sometimes filled with the urge to blacken the particles within until they turn to soot, and, in so destroying them, to start anew—assuming such a thing is possible. You also know this feeling. As does your son. We are possessed—all three of us—of that same affliction.’
“’What do you mean?’ she demands. This notion seems to trouble her greatly and I can sense the shivers running up from bottom to top. Something about what he said has struck her somewhere deep.
“’In the case of you and your son, you fashion your own cages. Mine has formed around me. Or, perhaps I, too, have also done the same without realizing it.’
“’Darling, you are scaring me with this talk!’ she squeals.
“’Why are you here anyway?’ he asks. ‘What do you get out of this? Are you really here because you want to kill your husband? Because you are worried about your son? You have known from the start that that was not what brought you here.’
“Yuri says nothing to this, but just watches him. I could sense the resentment growing in her. She detests strongly what he seems to be implying; yet, I cannot be sure what that is. Again, this might be, as you said, one of those subtle, well-nurtured sentiments. There is a history to this sensation that had preceded this moment in the room. There is conceivably a history to them. ‘Just what exactly are you insinuating, darling?’ she finally utters between clenched teeth.”
“Did she really call him ‘darling’ like that?” Didi suddenly asked. “I’m sorry. This troubles me. What exactly was going on between those two?”
“M’Lady. I was hoping you might be able to shed light on this, but it seems that you are just as much in the dark as I.  Nevertheless, without any facts at our disposal, I cannot speculate about their relationship and neither should you. Frankly speaking, it is none of our business, and neither should it be.”
“You say this, but you are telling me about a private conversation between my mother and a priest. That seems like something that should also not be our business.”
“M’Lady. I must remind that I am merely relaying to you my dream. Moreover, I can only tell you what I have witnessed, but refuse to speculate beyond a certain point. I think it would behoove us to stay with the O-bousan and his upcoming journey.”
Didi inhaled deeply, “His journey…” she repeated and fell silent. Something about this word filled her with a sudden sadness.
“I am sorry to say it this way, but yes,” Beastslayer continued. “A journey of multiple directions. I shall explain this in time. Now I shall continue.”
“Yes please.”
“The O-bousan, upon being asked what he was insinuating, does not even meet the eyes which challenge him. Instead, he watches the wisps of smoke swirling in air and then dissipating. He appears to be deep in thought. He speaks again, ‘In spite of our tendency to destroy those precious particles within, we seek a respite from this turmoil, from this anguished self. You came, I think, for answers. You are a determined, but indecisive individual. So are we all at moments of conflict. I never told you how I came to be here at the temple, did I? No? So I thought. I shall tell you as it might shed greater light on my mission to alleviate the suffering of others. The first of two times that I arrived here, I was a boy not much older than your son. My mother sent me here shortly before she passed away. I never knew my father, so this place became my new home in my teenage years. It’s as simple as that. I didn’t come looking for answers. I suppose I was simply sent to the place where people come for answers. I have often, over these years, felt empty because of this fact. I can only confess now that a man who is expected to have answers, but does not himself have questions is a strange and sallow figure: he is not to be trusted by himself or by others, for he knows not what he is, but only what he should be.  I barely even knew who I was. Even now, it is hard for me to say.
“’I grew up in one of the port towns in Lesser Kaiiba-33. I do not even remember the name of the town, much less what it looks like, aside from the fact that there were no temples there in my youth. There are so many towns like this out there and they are clustered together. Most of them have temples now. But they look so similar that it becomes difficult to distinguish where one town ends and the next begins. Yet, when I visit port towns on the rare pilgrimage that I make out that way, I think I’ll recognize the place I came from. I almost think I will happen upon a familiar street whenever I round a new corner. In fact, I feel a certain anticipation creeping up within me, but it never happens. I turn the corner, and I see nothing I recognize. Once, on a pilgrimage in one of these towns, many years ago, I was taking a stroll in the evening and a middle-aged woman approached me thinking she knew me. I was a young man at the time, but did not recognize her. Nevertheless, she insisted that she had known my family quite well. This may have been true, but I am still unsure. Anyway, in spite of my continued refusals, she insisted that I accompany her to a nearby restaurant where she said there would be others who knew me. The evening air was pleasant, I remember. And there was a gentle breeze that came off the water from the port. It was dusk and aside from the lanterns adorning the slow-winding stone steps leading down to the harbor, I could see the silhouettes of seagulls crisscrossing the deep pink skies. I remember the black shapes of the rooftops against this pink, though I knew not what the buildings looked like by day. I felt just as benighted to these surroundings as to those elusive fragments of my origins, and so I had no choice but to trust this woman who claimed to know me. I was a blank slate, and for once there was the hope of a question to be answered. I walked with her past an old temple. This puzzled me, as I mentioned, because as far as I knew, there was no temple in my town when I was growing up. I cannot be sure of this, but this is what I have always understood to be true, as I had never known what it meant to be a cleric before leaving that town. I had no conception of the role priests served, but had only heard of the level of rigor to which they were obliged. There had been a silhouette of what this could have been in my young mind, but the reality was starkly different—far more mundane, in fact. Seeing this old temple now, I wondered how my image of the life awaiting me would have been different in my younger years, had I, in fact, shared these surroundings with that structure. How would my preconceptions have been different? Yet, looking on this structure now, as a pilgrim, I felt less of the mundanity I had experienced at first glance, and more of the disciplined reverence I had acquired through my training. That ramshackle structure—albeit new to me—was a sacred object. As we passed it, the woman turned to me and whispered that it had only recently been made a temple. The structure had previously been a bank for foreign merchants. Apparently, the temple had bought out the debts of the banks and lenders; foreclosures on the less fortunate among ship captains and merchants had amassed them a sizeable fleet.
“’The place to which she brought me was, in fact, a bar occupied by roughnecks and women of the night—begging your pardon, Yubi…er…Yuri. Had I known this from the start, I would not have agreed to come along. Or perhaps, she would have persuaded me nonetheless. As I noted, I was still a young man at the time. Much skinnier and more handsome in those days than I am now. I certainly didn’t have this,’ he says this with a snicker as he squeezes at both sides of his belly with his doughy, hairless hands. This brings a sigh from Yuri and for a moment I sense she might be thinking about her husband in his younger years, though again I cannot be sure. 
“The O-bousan continues, ‘There were a few men sitting together in a corner. It was still early evening, but it was still apparent to me that they had been drinking for some time. The woman mutters something in their direction, gesturing to me. A look of recognition crossed the face of one, and I hear him mutter something to the bloke in the center, who was already resting his forehead on the tabletop. This man slowly picked his head up with some trouble and looked over at me, muttering sloppily to the other two on either side of him. And so, the first man motioned us over. I wondered for a moment if the men would have recognized me had the woman said nothing at all—if, in fact, it was her intentionality that prompted their recognition. At the moment, this did not matter. The three sat there staring at me with a glum look on their faces. They spoke to one another and I realized I could not understand a word they were saying. It was not yet crowded in the bar at this hour, and so the surrounding noise was not an issue. I wondered briefly if they spoke a dialect I didn’t understand, or if otherwise they had a means of communicating that had evolved over decades of evenings spent occupying this corner and consuming clam whisky. Studying their faces, I saw that they even looked somewhat similar in appearance. The deep creases in their faces, the ruddiness of their skin and the slovenly disregard for facial hair rendered them somewhat indistinguishable to me. They were jiggling masses set in a row—a trio of greasy pink lumps adorned with sporadic stalks of gray. Soon, the woman who had accompanied me to this place was standing at their side and speaking to them in the same perplexing dialect. They were all gesturing to me as though I was a topic of great enthusiasm and interest to them. Finally the men called to the barkeep for extra glasses and poured us each shots of the clam whisky. I sniffed at the concoction, sensing immediately its repugnant odor, and then sipped at it politely. This prompted angry protests from the men. The woman took my glass in her hand and tilted my head back and the concoction burned its way down my throat. I could feel her fingers caressing the back of my neck and I thought I smelled briefly beyond the pungent clam whisky, the potent scent of violets. The men began to laugh gruffly and I felt a fever of recognition flash through me for a moment, though I knew not why. There was a nostalgic look in their eyes and in the eyes of the woman, who ran her long fingers now over my cheek before kissing it. The barkeep and his wife also joined the levity, and I felt someone pat me on the back. It was a strange sense of belonging. Someone commented on my strange clothing. Apparently, they failed to realize I was a priest. For a moment, I still wondered if they had me mistaken for someone else. The woman kissed my ear and whispered something unintelligible, as she fed me swigs of clam whisky. Somewhere nearby I heard childlike giggling, and I thought I saw something familiar in my peripheral vision. Something was starting to click in my mind. Between swigs, I looked around to search for the source of the giggling and found nothing.  I turned to the woman, who herself was a good 15 to 20 years older than me, and asked if she had known my father. I knew this was a strange question, especially as I still suspected that she had mistaken me for someone else. Whatever the case, her mood grew somber, as did that of those around her. I do not know even now what was on their minds. My mentioning this had affected them in some way. I remembered nothing of my father and knew not what had become of him. I did not know if he had ever come to this town, or if this was, in fact, the town in which we had lived. A tear came to the woman’s eye, and she looked off somewhere. In my mind’s eye, I imagined I saw what she saw. It started with her as a younger woman. She was beautiful and hopeful. In my image, this bar was more brightly lit and there was music playing. The customers were of seemingly healthier dispositions and there was a merriment that pervaded the air. I imagined her here in this place and those men in the corner as younger lads, with fresher faces. They were laughing and there was someone who looked somewhat like me sitting with them—maybe my father, maybe someone else entirely. Our arms were locked around each other’s shoulders and we rocked back and forth singing whilst someone played the piano. Somewhere there was a group of older men sitting around a table playing cards. One miserable drunk was getting tossed out of the bar for causing a ruckus when confronted about his tab. And then there was her. She looked at the man who resembled me with these warm, seductive eyes, while she batted away all her would-be suitors. In my loins, I felt a deep sense of loss, but it was not my loss I was experiencing. Somehow I knew this. Emerging from my reverie again to her saddened, nostalgic face, I reached forward and caressed her cheek. I asked her where I might pass the night, and I saw the warmth return. She took me by the hand and led me up the back stairs to the rooms on the second floor. Her face was glowing.
“’I felt in this moment that I had done her a greater service as a human being than as a man of the cloth. I had shown her a compassion possibly that no religious institution with all its rigors could allow. I felt the air change around me. There was a new purpose effervescing out of me that changed everything with which it made contact. Perhaps you might envision it as a rippling aura. I know not how best to describe it, but it was a revelation! I felt what might be referred to as a sense of calling, though I am still unsure if that is the best way to describe it.’
“At this, Yuri sits up and chimes in eagerly, ‘Our salvation often comes from mysterious places. As does our sense of purpose. Sometimes they are two ends of the very same vine—one of those long vines that twist and fold around themselves and other objects until their ends become obscured.  And yet, when we find those ends and where they lead, they become the defining roles in all of our most crucial human relationships.’
“The O-bousan scratches his head, ’Pardon?’
“’Well you said that!’ Yuri chirps, ‘Don’t you remember? The day we found O.?’
“’I did?’ he asks quizzically.
“’Well, of course you did, O-bousan! You have always had such a way with words!’
“’Huh…’ the O-bousan said at this, ‘To be honest, I’m not quite sure what all that muck means. Are you sure you got it right?’
“Yuri is furious at this, ‘How could you say that?’
“At this, the O-bousan sighed with a seeming sense of self-disappointment. ‘I apologize for that. At any rate, I am happy to hear that you took comfort in those words. Perhaps, they give me pause because I have found purpose, but no salvation. What the devil is salvation anyway? Yuri, I am sorry. Possibly I was just speaking off the top of my head because you seemed to be waiting for me to say something profound. I must confess that I was just telling you something that would make you feel better about yourself. It’s something I’ve developed a skill for doing over the years. Especially with females. I sometimes don’t even realize I’m doing it. It just comes out of me.
“’B-but you repeated those words years later in court. Don’t you remember?’ Yuri looks deeply disconcerted by this point, and I can sense the force of the O-bousan’s suggestion waning.
“’Now that you mention it, yes. Yes, I vaguely remember saying something like that,’ pronounced the O-bousan slowly, ‘But again much of my role in this community has been to project an image, regardless of what I felt internally.’
“’You say this with such finality as though something has ended and this no longer applies to you. What’s changed in you now then?’ Yuri demands. Her face is flushed with embarrassment, ‘Why can’t you keep it up?’
“’Keep up the charade?’ the O-bousan retorts with annoyance. ‘Is that what you prefer? Would you prefer I tell pleasant untruths?’ Yuri falls silent at this. Her eyes are unsure. 
“Suddenly, Yuri looks deflated. She hunches over, speaking quietly now, ‘It’s just that what you’re saying now concerns me. How do you step forward from here? Where do you go if you are not in this cage you speak of? You are not going to leave the temple are you? This place isn’t so bad, is it? I mean…nevermind. Forget what I asked. I’m sorry I interrupted. Anyway, you were saying something about the sense of calling you felt.’
“’Yes, I was…’ the O-bousan continues, ‘I felt a sense of calling indeed. Yet, I knew that what I was able to do with this feeling would never fit well within the parameters of an organized faith, and certainly not within those of the temple—though it must be said that a little more flexibility was afforded us back then when things were simpler and our expansion did not carry with it the political and economic force that it does today. That said, I stayed with her that evening and rejoined my fellow missionaries in the early morning. They did not inquire as to my whereabouts. 
“’My term as a missionary lasted 9 years. I told you that I arrived at this temple twice. The first time I had come to Bahlia was to study with the other boys in the seminary school. I stayed here for 5 years before moving to the monastery in Baba City for 4 years of advanced divinity training: sufficient time—I’m sure you can imagine—to inculcate me with the values and austerity of the faith. But it was my time after Baba City that I found most enlightening. I was a missionary for those 9 years, and I could only draw on my early experiences as a fresh and innocent youth to understand the world around me. The people I met I viewed through the eyes of a 15-year-old boy—of course, I was much older, but emotionally that’s where I was. They did not know that I was in a state of arrested development and mistook the stagnancy of my social development as moral rectitude, as so often happens with the priests in our order. Perhaps, there is something of my face too—the features I mean—which wins people’s confidence. I confess that this is merely my speculation, but the other priests have also told me the same. They also tell me that I am still very much similar to that 15-year-old boy I once was. Perhaps, they are right in saying this. I do not feel much different.
“’In any case, I remember after that encounter in my hometown, we embarked immediately by ship to the isle of Buccal, which you might not know was a refuge for many an exiled scholar before it was sacked by hordes of restless savages. They even used to have a prestigious academy there, which was attended by the most serious-minded of secular rationalists. Admittedly, transmission of faith in this community was a challenge, for an academic institution on its own stands itself like a kind of cathedral to rationalist and humanist knowledge—and, in that sense, seeks to position itself as a secular shield against faith. The Algorithmists have made more inroads, however, into the souls of learned men. Admittedly, I know little about their order, so I cannot comment on this further. At any rate, our energies were focused primarily on the street people and merchants: the low-hanging fruit if you’ll pardon the crudeness of this expression.  I found myself consoling the neglected wives of academics.  They too felt imprisoned. They claimed their husbands had come to crave the comforts of their self-confinement. I have often identified with the self-imposed exile of the cloistered academics. I identify with the laceration of self that comes with it. And this brings me again back to you and your son—possibly also to myself. 
“’You see, as I mentioned before, we concoct our own prisons. I am afraid I must agree. I see it all too often. I see it with you. I see it with-‘
“’You see it with Bun-bun…’ Yuri says.
“’Bunnu, is it?’ he confirms, ‘Why yes. I have seen him many times both up close and from afar. He has this look about his face. He will struggle with the prisons of his own creation. Now don’t get me wrong. It is not a unique thing to create one’s own prison: we all do this, but few struggle. He will struggle…he will do anything he can to escape even. But this is not necessarily a bad thing. He might just end up freer and happier than the rest of us because of it. If not happier, at the very least freer, which is still an achievement some might say.
“’These wives struggled as well, but possibly not with such precision and decisiveness as your son. They struggled with poverty, with the privations of affection, with the lapsed hygiene of their distracted husbands. They needed guidance, as do you at times. Perhaps I am more sensitive to the struggles of women than the other priests of my order because of my own mother who cast aside her own happiness and worked herself to misery in the house of a wealthy landowner for the sake of giving me a safe and comfortable childhood. Before she died, that is.
“’There was the wife of the philosopher Malicious Tony Kebab. Yes, I knew her well. She reminded me in some way of my mother, except that she labored to keep her husband clothed and well fed enough to pursue his philosophy unabated—what I mean by this is that he earned almost no money of his own. Do you know Malicious Tony? Perhaps you are not familiar with his writings, but I assure you that his ideas are still well known amongst the educated aristocracy of the Republic. In spite of his wife’s arduous labors, he himself was a dingy and ferrety old layabout. He never bathed and trimmed his beard only when there was a lunar eclipse. He was not to be reasoned with otherwise and believe me many have tried, including myself. He had a strange fascination for brushing his own hair and beard against the fur of street animals, which—while seemingly intentional and excessive—earned him many an infestation of parasitic mite. He possessed also a strange fascination with ear wax-‘
“At this Yuri bursts out, ‘Just like-‘
“’Like the Outlander, yes…’ O-bousan replies pensively, ‘Or Flying Fingers, or whatever you call him. I remember the sculpture he made for me. Was that made from…’ he pauses and Yuri’s expression confirms it for him, ‘Earwax. Yes…perhaps there were some similarities between the two. At any rate, Malicious Tony Kebab—and for the sake of clarification, let me just say that the name ‘malicious’ was a self-applied moniker—anyway, he had started a school for no-good philosophical layabouts called the Thought Station. Yes, I realize that this is a ridiculous name, but he chose it purposely for its lack of bravado, for he found egotistical displays of creativity foul and worthy of reproof. He spurned all poets who sought to enter his school and even set a few musicians and painters on fire for attempting to sneak in on his lectures. He laughed at jokes, but signaled after doing so that laughter was a sign of his contempt. However, to him, contempt was one of the truest and most virtuous of emotions. Thus, by laughing, he had displayed virtue in the face of puerility of intention. He found all humor insincere and profane, but also delighted in the judgment of its profanity. This patterned disapproval of poetry, art and humor was, to his mind, an expression of mankind’s essential banality. He disdained any attempt to elevate the human spirit or to inject levity, for he saw it as a disingenuous distraction from the most organic of metaphysical states: that of ennui. Apart from tedium, he saw spiritual depravity as the only natural respite of earnest intention. He did not equate humans to animals, but did not place them on a higher or lower level either. To his mind, the beetles abided by their own arithmetic and the foxes and the penguins and the myrmecophagine iguana. Surely they can also devise their own species-centric models of epistemology. He took a crude pleasure in the fact that his wife sought spiritual and religious consolation from the suffering he imposed upon her, especially as he saw her as shrewish and worthy of damnation of every deity from whom she endeavored to seek compassion. However, it was this very shrewishness he admired and damnation was to him a commendation rather than a condemnation. This all probably sounds confusing, but he was a controversial figure even in his day. Most of the scholars of the islands three largest public academies denounced him on a regular basis, especially when faced with a student or group of disciples who espoused his notions within the halls of the institution. However, it was this outright expulsion of his ideas, which stimulated further curiosity from the young and conferred upon him a kind of status as a celebrity prophet. There were whispers around town of the term dissonant piety, which even Malicious Tony Kebab himself decried as an external label affixed by people who were unclear on the inner workings of the Thought Station. And thusly, it should come as no surprise that no place was to be found at the Thought Station for those students who’d been ejected from their academies for espousing what they presumed to be Malicious Tony’s ideas. But then again, they were naïve from the outset in thinking that the Thought Station was a place to begin with.
“’And this precisely was one of the peculiar things about the Thought Station: it had no actual physical location. It merely consisted of the loose gatherings of people who self-identified as students. To make matters more complex, there was no official application process. That’s not to say that just anybody could self-identify as a student. In fact, those who sought to be seen by others as ‘students’ were excluded entirely. The only way to be in the Thought Station was through the circumstance of juxtaposition and a general attitude of nonchalance. The status of student had to be assigned by others in one’s vicinity and contrary to one’s wishes. Self-identification was then a process of resignation to the conferred status. Students were expected to accept this conferment with a measure of umbrage as though having been assigned a pejorative label, and as though this trifling institution had cast an indelible stain upon their good names. Those who consciously sought entry were either ignored or maligned. Those suspected of faking nonchalance were cast out immediately. Those who happened to have the status of student conferred upon them, but who either took themselves or the idea of the Thought Station too seriously were chastised or otherwise ejected. Even those who carried the brand of student had to relinquish their status at the end of each meeting, until it was conferred again and against their will. The only way to be a repeat student was to maintain one’s genuine contempt for the institution—if, in fact, it could be called an institution at all—and to bear the attitude that there were better things to be done with one’s time and energy than to yield to the vexing obligations of fruitless thoughtery. This process of constant filtration and replenishment kept the student body volatile, chaotic, brash, contentious and anxious to destroy the very foundations of the institution that wrought their identities with its horrible brand. Of course, not all students were like this, but this behavior became a kind of ideal among the senior students who simultaneously loved and despised Malicious Tony the way any prisoner would love and despise his tormentor for both depriving and liberating him of the responsibility that attends to free will.  
“’Since there was no set place for the students to congregate without attracting too much attention from non-students, open, filthy spaces were chosen in inconvenient weather conditions. There was a strong preference for drainage ditches and sewage canals, especially in the rainy season, when conditions favored infestation by microorganisms. Malicious Tony Kebab was not always there, but in those rare cases he attended, woe be unto him who expressed a desire for mentorship, or who advocated the authority of ideas for another besides himself. Malicious Tony’s wife told me that once that the young and beautiful son of a reputable Buccalese Council member was so bold as to ask him why he rejected the term dissonant piety. The boy thought he was being clever by affecting this brashness to the leader himself. In response to the question, however, Malicious Tony left the session immediately and without a word.  It is said that Malicious Tony began holding his hand out for alms in the rainy streets. He stood in the same spot on the main boulevard for a full 3 days after the session had adjourned and all had forgotten the question of the boy. After raising enough money to satisfy him, he sent for the boy and had him meet him at the top of a winding road that led up the island’s volcano. The boy arrived to find Malicious Tony Kebab alongside a carriage. His eyes were forceful and the boy knew that he was expected to get in and have a seat, noting that the horses drawing the carriage were of a powerful breed used typically by military charioteers. Malicious Tony cracked the whip and they were on their way. They powered down the winding road faster and faster, but Malicious Tony would not relent with the whip. It was not fast enough. Confessing with a wild grin that he had never driven a carriage in his life, the teacher proceeded to brutalize the horses and their pace grew fiercer to the point that the boy started screaming for fear that the carriage should topple over, or fall over a curve down a cliff. However, when the boy started screaming, Malicious Tony turned the whip on him, finally pushing him out the door of the carriage. The boy hit the ground hard, but was still conscious enough to hear Malicious Tony yelling back to him from the still-moving carriage. What he had said is still a matter of some debate. However, according to what his wife had heard from the townspeople, Malicious Tony was voicing a preference for the terminology used to describe the pedagogical emphasis of the Thought Station. Instead of dissonant piety, he wished his self-styled method of epistemology to be called: throwing oneself from a fast-moving carriage. Of course, the only person who could confirm the story was the boy, whom many believed to be unreliable and strategically ambitious anyway. There were many legends of this kind about Malicious Tony Kebab; yet, he was not of the inclination to embrace the academic celebrity bestowed upon him. This naturally won him the ire of the academicians of major institutions who sought influence and achieved petty glory out of the adulation of their legions of followers, groupies and star-fuckers. Many of them suggested that his barefaced eschewal of academic celebrity was just a gimmick for the sake of gaining greater popularity through notoriety. Many proclaimed him to be even more deeply narcissistic than other academics for positioning himself as the sole defier of conventions, or at least as the symbol of that lifestyle. Sir Chutney M. Harriet, a Silver Thread candidate and accomplished scholar, denounced him once in a public assembly proclaiming that Malicious Tony Kebab sought to make any academic of moderate influence appear like an ego-driven megalomaniac, committed more to his own self-interest than to the intrinsic or extrinsic value of his ideas and that in so doing, had created the fallacy that influential ideas are matters of pretentious self-importance while the most crucial truths are so pure in their proportionate concentrations to the divine formula that to spread them was to seek after their very dilution for the sake of personal glory. This, Sir C.M. Harriet proposed, was an infamous assumption that devalued the integrity and fastidious devotion instilled into the positivist constructions of their great rationalist scholars, who sought no fortunes of their own, but only to humbly approach—on their knees and with hands outstretched—that pristine and noble truth—ever so naked, ever so elusive—and to do so by the most infinitesimal of infinite degrees. On the other hand, proponents in the academies who had written promising case studies espousing the social and political importance of the Thought Station declared Malicious Tony Kebab’s methods an important counterbalancing medium against which those academics too careful in keeping their arguments in line with prevailing paradigms were able to explore new territory without fear of ruining their reputations and without the pressure to occupy their attentions too deeply with the esteem of their colleagues. Younger academicians were influenced by the challenge Malicious Tony seemed to represent to entrenched values, even though he made no specific mention of any intention to do so: this apathy tantalized them further. To a certain extent, his public image was an unfortunate consequence of the self-importance of his admirers and detractors, in addition to a systematic misunderstanding with regard to his philosophies, which was something for which he was not sufficiently able to account.
“’His wife, meanwhile, had earned herself, for no reason at all, the contempt of the community, which made it difficult to keep them afloat financially. She borrowed money from estranged relatives who wanted nothing to do with her husband, but who took pity on her nonetheless; or from old wealthy school friends who—with that veil of affected politeness—choked back their revulsion and satisfied their consciences by sprinkling a handful of coins in the direction of her outreached hands, averting their gaze all the while. She alienated herself from acquaintances and neighbors who couldn’t seem to understand the compassion she maintained for her husband and her inability to abandon him. Indeed, as you can imagine, she was a blessed soul for this wondrous compassion; yet, she was also afflicted with the same self-destructive tendencies as her husband, for any woman in her right mind would have left him at the altar.  She seemed constantly at her wit’s end; yet, she always seemed to find within herself the resolve to continue. When I first encountered her at our floating mission, it was at a time when things were particularly difficult for her. 
“’There was a lot of talk in the council of the city-state about what was to be done with the hundreds of refugees from Hidimba who had recently arrived on the island by way of an overcrowded raft and who had taken up residence in tents along the beaches, proclaiming themselves to be practitioners of the jesteral black arts. No one quite knew what this was exactly, but their strange rituals, debauched customs and barbaric appearances were enough to fuel speculation. A lot of confused rhetoric started to manifest around the similarity in the jesters’ depraved path toward Disenlightenment and Malicious Tony’s model of dissonant piety. Young witless students mobbed the streets in jester’s garb looting shops and causing general havoc—many of these people had absolutely no affiliation with Malicious Tony or the Hidimbans, but the chaos which ensued resulted in calls throughout the city council for the banishment of Malicious Tony, all members of the Thought Station, as well as the Jesters. A renowned playwright named Vinny Vindaloo had even written and produced a comedic play portraying a debt-ridden philosopher named Ignominious Iggy who bamboozled his way into the minds of the young by railing against traditional values of justice and human decency and filling their minds instead with his philosophy of vagrant’s honesty. His disciples dressed like jesters and deemed it valorous to masturbate wildly in the midst of their everyday interactions with bakers, tax collectors and mountain goats. They gibbered like baboons and even painted their bottoms red, mimicking the movements of monkeys as Ignominious Iggy made distasteful pronouncements about their lack of integrity. In the final scene, Iggy was arrested for public indecency and tortured by a group of refined men in academic garb, who took turns whipping him while he erupted in flatulent squeals of appreciation. The play ended a thousand years in the future when a group of explorers descended upon this deserted island where a once thriving civilization had now perished. These Outlanders discovered the works of a great philosopher named Ignominious Iggy who was unjustly persecuted by his contemporaries in spite of his generous contributions to the scientific and metaphysical thought of his time. This last bit was meant to produce the biggest laugh and often did over the course of its yearlong run at the Buccal Amphitheatre. Unfortunately, even though it was simply a play and nothing more, it affected the attitudes of the townspeople toward the Thought Station profoundly. 
“’Malicious Tony, however, was not noticeably moved by these happenings and was dismissive whenever topics related to his growing unpopularity were alluded to in his presence. The Thought Station was quickly losing membership—which is to say that the student body was taking flight so as not to be corralled back into the institution by mere dint of their displeasure. Malicious Tony was meanwhile being written off by most as a demagogue with declining influence. Still, calls for his banishment grew in their intensity, with some even advocating execution. 
“’When his wife ascended the rope ladder to our floating mission, none of the priests of our order recognized her immediately for who she was, taking her instead to be a female vagrant. It was the way she spoke that caught my attention immediately, however, for I could see that this was an educated woman from a good family. As I’ve mentioned to you before, I have an eye for these sorts of things.’ The O-bousan says this while examining the expensive rings on Yuri’s fingers. ‘She did not bear that weight of children around her neck—not indeed the sort of weight you bear like a chain around yours, the sort which hunches your shoulders forward and tugs at the baggy folds under your eyes like tiny curious hands. Nevertheless, she had a similar sunken look about her, like a woman standing unsteadily upon a narrow piece of driftwood and descending solemnly and unquestioningly into an inscrutable darkness. Still she naturally exuded a charm expected of young ladies of affluence, but this did little to diminish the fact that she was already at an advanced age; I am not sure exactly what age—perhaps quite close to yours now. Suffice it to say that I was a good bit younger than her at the time. There was something asynchronous about her refinement—which is to say that, in spite of her elegance, she behaved younger than she actually was—for she was not possessed of the same cynical sophistication as other wealthy ladies of her age group who had married within or above their social classes. In her case, she had, in fact, done the latter as Malicious Tony descended from one of the most respected and well-endowed families on the island. I could go into great length to describe the process by which he came to be disassociated from his own regal bloodline, but I shall deem it sufficient to say that he was headstrong from a young age and had a strong distaste for the hypocrisy he claimed to see around him. He challenged the authority of his tutors, teachers and—most dangerously—his own elders who otherwise had great clout over the governance of the island. Naturally, it had been his brashness and intellectual ferocity that had attracted her to him in their youth, and that presumably kept her by his side for the many decades since. She was a genuine soul—in turmoil very much like you—and wanting always, in spite of her misfortunes, to be a good person. Her husband found this desire for goodness on her part to be ludicrous and reductive at best. I, on the other hand, was moved to tears by it. I sensed in her a clouded innocence.
“’In our first session together we spoke of what, in fact, it meant to be good.  She wondered if, in being a supportive wife, she had encouraged the worst inclinations in her husband, and particularly if she had inadvertently spurred him to greater contentiousness. Should she, in fact, have resisted in the hopes of preventing him from posing an affront to the consensus view of the common good? Did she, in fact, oppose the common good by failing to oppose him? This was difficult to say, for she was not simply a devoted wife who thoughtlessly attended to her husband’s needs. She was an intelligent and independent woman who admired the challenge he represented to the conventions and paradigms of established academics. She respected his values, even if he reviled her esteem. There was an integrity beyond pomposity which propelled him to do as he did; he did not seek after the respect of others, for his sights were set on those higher-order ideals soaring well above the scaffolded and ramshackle towers of rational understanding. Nevertheless, she could not reconcile this with the fact that his eschewal of esteem was itself a triumph of Ego, rooted in the presumption that somehow he knew better than the rest. This she saw as an obfuscation of the very ideal after which he sought, and an act of self-betrayal perpetrated by his boundless vanity. And yes, there could be no doubt as to the formidable nature of his vanity. This was most evident in his attitude toward the ideas she expressed. 
“’For certainly she, herself, had a wealth of notions and propositions of which he was dismissive at best. Moreover, he took a great joy in referring to her publicly as a shrew whenever she showed so much as the slightest resistance to his endeavors. This alone should have been reason enough to abandon him. And yet, in private, he was as vulnerable and boyish as she had always known him to be. He, in fact, became quite sweet and affectionate. He depended on her to take care of him like a toddler, for he was very much incapable of taking care of himself. In their tenderest moments together, he tearfully acknowledged his personal shortcomings and even lacerated himself on his endless compunction for the way that he treated her—apologizing ad nauseum for the suffering he imposed on her needlessly. This filled her with a pity for him, for certainly it was clear that he was much like a rabid intellectual cur in his inability to control his impulses. 
“’Wracked sometimes by guilt, he would insist that she leave him be and let him die, for he had no great wish to live. He would lie in the darkness of his squalid study for days, curled up in the corner and whimpering with self-loathing. He despised himself for his own self-important ways, but, despite this, felt immediately helpless and impatient if he did nothing to realign what he perceived to be the skewed trajectory of his contemporaries. Deep within him stood a conviction that there was something disingenuous about the strides his peers took as a collective toward human understanding. To him, there was too much overblown rhetoric, lots of smoke and mirrors by dullards who wished to make names for themselves by simply showing off the majestic plumage of their tailfeathers. There was something severely wrong with this, and deep within him bubbled a vitriolic pressure which shot through his veins and tensed his muscles for the purposes of all natures of malignment. He wished to loosen the threads of that great quilt they wove, and to do so tirelessly and with a mocking laugh at the monstrosity of their creation. He wanted to burn it all and create nothing anew in its place, so that there should thereafter be nothing systematically false upon which to hinge human understanding. That this was an act of destruction he knew quite well, but he could see no other way to relieve the human consciousness of its abiding cancer than to excise it and eviscerate it to the point that it became unrecognizable dreck. 
“’In spite of these drives, he also recognized that his own staunch defiance of conventions was something he could not control—it was either a mechanism of intractable instinct or irremediable habit. He, too, was conflicted about the good of following through on the force of his own intuitions. If what he said and did caused such great suffering to others, perhaps he was wrong to follow through on it, however much it felt right.  He had harmed and hurt so many innocent people in the pursuit of his notions that he was plagued by the infection of his own spirit. Perhaps, there was a demon, which had possessed his mind and convinced him that he was to resist the common pursuit of truth and goodness. He heard voices in his head often and even spoke to someone whom he called an imaginary friend. It occurred to him on occasion that perhaps he was mentally ill and that his continued existence would be a pox upon the populace. In such instances, death seemed a nobler fate than to conceive ideas, which were meant for the edification of humanity, but which, in the process, brought greater suffering to the innocent and the compassionate—including to his own wife. He attempted suicide numerous times, but always in his wife’s presence and in a way that would allow her to stop him just in time. This act, in itself, troubled her greatly and she found it immensely selfish. He wanted to be stopped, she thought, for this was justification that his continued existence had value—and if his existence had value, so did his ideas. And so they must be spread. In that sense, it was clear to her that, if he had one solitary desire, it was to be a public intellectual—a contrarian most certainly—but a notable one nonetheless. And if he was somehow wrong about himself or the validity of his reasoning, then he only desired to die. There was no subsisting on any compromise in between.  In the absence of these endeavors, he had no place in this ecosystem.
“’Her personal sense of remorse was strongly exacerbated by the acquaintanceship that she had struck with his imaginary friend, unbeknownst to him. Was there any good in consorting with these specters of his imagination? She surmised this to be a betrayal, but then she also wondered if, by confiding in him, she was, in fact, merely communing with her husband.’
“’I’m not so sure that’s how it works,’ Yuri says this suddenly with a sickened expression. ‘I mean…these imaginary friends. Are they not external in some way?’ Her face has gone gray at the thought of this and she is now sweating profusely. ‘I mean to say…I am alarmed that you would…that you’d bring this up!’
“The O-bousan is visibly bemused by this, ‘Pardon?’ is all he manages to say.
“Yuri becomes livid, ’Mentioning imaginary friends as if you don’t know something. I have to ask: what have you heard? What do you know? Why do you insist on telling these ridiculous stories just for the sake of shaming me about it? Is it jealousy?  You’re jealous, aren’t you?’
“The O-bousan remains quiet at this. His eyes fall on his own hands. He opens his mouth to speak and then seems to think better of it. Yuri watches him intently, but also nervously wondering if he knows something that he is not saying. Finally he says, ‘So…it seems you are not here to talk about your boy after all. Or his father.’ An expression of shock crosses her face, as though realizing that she has made a grave mistake in saying what she did. She-“
“Wait a second,” Didi said. “What is all this about imaginary friends?” Her mind went back to Motiwala’s letter. She remembered him mentioning something about Bunnu having one. Then, there were those boys who had interrogated her that day in the street. They mentioned someone named Cornelius. “Is this about Cornelius?”
“I believe the name is Coronado, and I’m very much afraid that it is. He was, in fact, present in the room at the time of this, unbeknownst to both the O-bousan and your stepmother.”
“Well, then he can’t simply be an imaginary friend, can he?”
“Truth be told, M’Lady, I cannot be sure what nature of entity he is. I only know of his affiliation first with your quarter-brother, but also with your stepmother. I sensed strong intention from him though. He has remarkable powers of suggestion to the point of being able to manipulate the physical reality around him. Even throughout my vaporous essence, I felt a ripple of disarray at his presence.”
“Yes, but by the way you describe it, it sounds like my mother and he were-“
“This, I’m afraid, is another one of those areas about which I remain uncertain.”
“I see…” Didi said slowly. “I kind of wish you weren’t telling me all this. I do not know what to think anymore about my mother.”
“Think no less of her. This is not my intention. I assure you that she is a good woman, albeit conflicted in a way I still fail to comprehend.”
“I’ll be honest. I’m not sure I want to hear any more of this.”
“If you so wish, I will conclude my story here and we can ride on in silence. As you can see, the carriage has started moving again.”
Didi thought on this for a moment. “No…I think I need to hear this. I was just taken aback for a moment. I just wonder about the O-bousan’s story. What is his intention in relaying all this?”
“There was most certainly a force of intention felt from him. I’m afraid I cannot promise any clarity beyond that, but sense that we should see this matter through to its finality nevertheless.”
“Well, then, go ahead.”
“Certainly. So, as I said, at this point, Yuri, realizing that she had revealed something that she did not wish to reveal, falls quiet for a moment before saying, ‘Please, continue with your story.’
“At this O-bousan did not falter in his continuation, ‘And so the wife of Malicious Tony asked me what it meant to be good in these circumstances. Had she been unfaithful to her husband by confiding in his imaginary friend? Was there, indeed, another path of goodness that she had neglected all along. All she sought was to trace an arc of Summum bonum from which she may never stray. She told me the story of a nephew of her husband who came once to visit their old house. He had a delicate essence about him, a natural light that was the very aura of pulchritude. His smell was subtle and never foul in spite of the squalor of her home. He stayed with them a fortnight, but never complained. He was a boy of five, but he never cried either. Even when he bruised himself, even when Malicious Tony screamed at him, the boy maintained balance and rectitude. He did not yield to the pressure of his uncle, but only to the principle of the bountiful light that guided his action, and for this alone he was a blessed being—an exemplar of a dharmic integrity inaccessible to her comprehension. She saw him once sitting alone in the corner of the room. The walls were brown and dull, but his fair face shone like a beacon as though the scarce light that fell upon it were pulled inward and toward in the field of its immaculate gravitation. The angelic cub looked solemnly at a handkerchief that he pulled from the pocket of his tunic. Unwrapping it, there was a pearl within. His young finger touched it gently, and it produced a giggle in him. She was moved to tears, and the child noticed. He came to her and handed her the handkerchief and the pearl. She refused, but the young child insisted and refused to take it back even when he left their home. She kept it at the bottom of a chest and waited until she was alone to open it again. She unwrapped the handkerchief and her finger caressed the pearl. A wave of ecstatic bliss passed through her and she felt renewed again, but then this was quickly followed by a sense of emptiness and inadequacy. It occurred to her that she had touched perfection and that it had briefly entered her, but that the impurities of her spirit had caused her to reject this as though it were a toxin with which to be dispensed. She had made too many compromises, encountered too many disappointments to retain a pure spirit over these long and wearying years. Her time had been too compressed and her schedule too busy to know well how to behave righteously in every moment and so she had had to cut corners for lack of any alternative available to her. She had to face the difficult choice of settling for less than the ideal and deviating from what struck her as intuitively good. She found herself thinking of the butcher and his wife, who sliced through the throats of live animals without any thought. There was no time to argue with oneself about the moral course. Even if she was not sinful in her actions, her lifestyle was a byproduct of a multitude of sinful actions she allowed and countenanced on a daily basis in a way that would not trouble a child of five years, who otherwise had no choice in the matter. It was this plague of choice that troubled her. It was this freedom she cursed. It would have been so simple had she only been expected to honor the wishes of her husband, if her husband himself was a moral man. And yet he was certainly so in his own eyes—though frightfully an anathema in the eyes of his contemporaries. Was the moral good a matter of shared societal values? Would it change over the course of history? Perhaps, she thought, there was a branch of Truth Overarching wherefrom the virtues of humankind sprouted like leaves out of grasp. To be sure, her questions perplexed me even, and I found her more profound in her specific gravity of spirituality than her comparably banal husband. She was reaching for branches of sublimity up on high and beyond the grasp of humanity whilst he was rolling about in the gullies and gutters collecting fallen leaves in the muck encrusting his blemished back. Admittedly, I, too, was at a loss, for certainly I could offer no path for spiritual advancement except that with which I had been inculcated. For her, this doctrine seemed inflexible and inferior. She was beyond it—I can only imagine how that angelic child had been. The only thing I could think to do was to offer solace in other ways. She needed a confidante, but not an imaginary friend. Someone who was real.’
“Yuri seems sickened by this also. ‘Is this what you do?’ she asks, ‘Do you simply target vulnerable women and manipulate them?’
“’If this is how you see me, I can offer no defense,’ says the O-bousan plainly, ‘I do not seek to be deceitful, but to offer my guidance and support where it is needed. Possibly my methods do not fall in line with the rigors of our faith, and even less so as time goes by and the scale of the operation increases, but I have done the best I could with the good sense that I have. Do you feel I have wronged you somehow?’
“’To this, Yuri has no response, except to say slowly, ‘No…I suppose not. If anything you have been helpful. I have spoken with the elders, but they are so judgmental and austere that I do not feel comfortable speaking with them. I feel like they turn up their noses at my very presence. Short of teetotaling and self-flagellation, there is nothing I can do to satisfy them. They live off our donations, whilst treating us like shameful and despicable creatures.’
“’Yes, there is a sense of entitlement attached with the role of priest undoubtedly. Do not blame them for the accident of their upbringing: such is the mentality of the high castes, who believe that they were of higher breeding and are, thus, tasked with the role of elevating their putrid lessers.  The priests of large towns and cities, in particular, seem to hold this view. Perhaps, due to my growing up in the provinces, I see our position within the community differently. For the strict ones, it is a matter of maintaining what they presume to be the community’s most genuine template for moral rectitude—the ideal to which all should aspire. They were born into sophisticated and civilized families and see themselves as experts on matters of probity. Perhaps it is because of my lower breeding, but I have always understood there to be a gap between the ideal and the actual, and have erred in favor of pragmatism. Not all approve of my approaches. Some of the other priests indeed have a more hardened view of the faith than I…and I probably should not tell you this, but they have been among the major forces petitioning for my dismissal.’
“’But O-bousan! They can’t do that to you!!! Don’t they realize how important you have been to a lot of people?’ She paused for a moment and added quietly, ‘Do you think they look down on you for having grown up in the provinces? Maybe see you as lesser to them?’
“’I do not wish to speak further on this matter,’ the O-bousan says, ‘And my intention was certainly not to arouse your sympathies. As I said, I offer no defense of my deviation from the tenets of the temple except to say that I was abiding with my personal sense of righteousness—perhaps in a way no different from Malicious Tony, albeit in a lesser manner. There was a time when my work was valued here. I was even sent on numerous occasions—you might remember—as the representative of this temple to meet with ambassadors of other faiths. It was the merger of our temple with another in Baba City, the same merger that came out of my meetings with the other ambassadors which has possibly led to my undoing. Sadly! As soon as those elders arrived, as you can see, things started to change even here. I have done only what I deemed to be best, and perhaps this is what rendered me ill equipped to answer the questions about summum bonum from Malicious Tony’s wife. And yet she insisted on telling me of a vision she had in her daily meditations which perplexes me still. And for some reason, a part of me feels that it is necessary for me to tell you, but oddly not for the purposes of your knowing. Rather someone else’s.’
“’Who else but me should hear of this?’ Yuri responds perplexed. 
“’Others should hear this by-and-by. I sense this, but do not know why. Nevertheless, I pray you should listen, Yumi, as I tell you about this vision. It was a vision of her child, but not her child by blood. She had allowed her consciousness to drift into and occupy the role of another being it seemed. The way she described this person, now that I think of it, there existed some similarities to you in temperament. This woman was older than you though. She was an aunty who ran a teahouse and lived by the riverside of a distant land. She had a delicate, blessed boy who was not her own, but an adopted son to her. There was a beauty to him, a music that instilled all with hope. He played a divine but forlorn song on the accordion and sang ballads that made one want to mourn for all the suffering wrought by the treachery of this world. He was enraptured by the sublime and pursued it to a flaw. He wished only to get closer to that light, but along the way ran afoul of the aggressive and the cynical. In the long nights of winter, he began to shun the oppressiveness of light and journey instead to that darkened and solitary core of being, seeking the cerebral stimulation brought only by his poignant and sorrowful insights into humanity—but these insights were into the desperation and loneliness and exploitation that cast over the treachery of man a plain and reasonable face. Something in him sunk, in spite of that glorious soul within. Soon, he returned from his dives to meet the light again, but there was something now different about him. He knew it himself. Something had changed in the plain and reasonable nature of his own face. He craved a mask—a lizard mask at the very least—but could find none to suit him. His face felt naked and terrible in the light of the world. And he began to doubt the integrity of this light, chalking his lack of previous doubt up to youthful innocence. He was compelled now to doubt and to insecurity. All had its own rational explanation and to call anything good, even the very light of goodness, was to miss the attributes of all that fell outside of it. He doubted goodness so long as it remained divorced from the privations of spirit experienced by the damned. Goodness only existed in its own privileged vacuum inasmuch as the brutality and predation of this world were either excluded or deemed an acceptable component of the Greater Good; part of him despised the Good for its ignorance. This arrogance on his part concerned the old aunty. Still she sensed her adopted boy was blessed. She kept hope that somehow he could find his way in this troubled world and become himself the light that guided others. She hoped this and then she emerged from the vision, concerned greatly over the welfare of this adopted child she’d never had.’
“’That’s quite a story,’ Yuri says.
“’I heard this story,’ the O-bousan replies, ‘and I smelled again the potent scent of violets, as I had before in that port town.’”
“I’m sorry to interrupt again,” Didi said slowly to Beastslayer, “But this all got me thinking about what it is exactly we are trying to do.”
“Pardon?”
“I mean you and me. All of us. I feel now silly for letting Sanchez drag me to this strange party tonight. I don’t even know what else he has in mind for me later. And you with your job. I mean, I suppose you have to earn a living, right? But still…I guess what I’m trying to ask is what our actions mean. Does any of this—any of the large and small things we do—matter? Is it aligned with goodness? I admit I have never spent much time thinking on this. Perhaps my brother has: he’s the thoughtful type. But then, no one, including myself, ever sees him, so I have no idea what sorts of things he thinks about. Obviously, he has little hiding places like the one we just saw. I wonder if he goes to these places to think. I wonder...” She paused for a moment and looked out the window.
“M’Lady?”
“Oh, nevermind. Sorry to interrupt again. Go ahead.”
“So the O-bousan continues, ‘According to the wife of Malicious Tony, when she awoke from her vision, her servants were standing over and she was flailing her arms and screaming Devotion! Devotion! Sweet Devotion! And the servants not knowing what to do, stood there for a moment and summoned a physician, who found this poor woman in hysterics and wondered if perhaps she had suffered this episode from the stress of living in such putridity.’
“’Putridity!’ Yuri argues, ‘But she had enough money for servants, no? Had to let go of two of mine recently. The going rate these days is ridiculous.’
“’Funny that you should mention that,’ says the O-bousan, ‘for the wife’s eyes then fell upon the servants and she found herself contemplating their many misfortunes. The paltry income they earned, the musty closets that served as their servants’ quarters. She had wondered often why they didn’t run off instead of living on in these conditions, but now she realized they had had little choice in the matter. She had always assumed she was treating them well, but now her mind began to dwell upon the many instances in which she had been unsympathetic to their troubles and had impatiently and unyieldingly expected them to continue on with their duties—for example, when they were injured or otherwise ill. For her, the inconvenience of not having them on task carried a greater weight than the condition of their sick relatives or the fatigue they felt from their digestive worms, if not otherwise from general malnutrition. They knew they could not protest for fear of losing their livelihood, and she had taken this for granted, focusing only on matters that concerned her. But then, she was paying them their salaries with borrowed money, for they had no shortage of debts around the town. And the people from whom they had borrowed money came from wealthy families whose fortunes had been made through war profiteering, slave trading and from the spoils of foreign genocides. She thought, then, of her own ancestors, who themselves were landowners whose luxury had been made on the backs of serfs who led short lives rife with toil, sickness and misery. Her very existence had been a mere teardrop, which seeped out of this eye of cruelty. In short, the goodness she sought was beyond reason. At best, she had strong intentionality toward good. She remembered again her childhood when there was much greater poverty in Buccal. She used to attend the girls’ school and on the carriage ride home with her mother to their estate, she saw always from the window the young girls and boys who labored. She recognized none of their faces, but assumed for a long time that they went to other schools. As she got older, she started to realize that they wore no uniforms, and of course, attended no school. Groups of them came begging at the window of her carriage. She remembered their hands and being told not to touch them by her mother who sat beside her. Those shaking, frail hands on such young people. She felt something like a sickness at this, but also a certain anger at them. She did not know why, but she sensed the same anger in her mother. These children were doing a bad thing by begging. What was more, it was interrupting them at a time when she was supposed to be talking to her mother about her school and about Madam Lakshmi who had cautioned her often for asking silly questions. Her father would be upset, but then he always seemed upset. He scared her often the way he would reprimand the servants. Sometimes she found herself crying, and she hated the servants so for making him so angry. Why couldn’t they do things right? Why does everybody have to make her mother and father so unhappy? As she grew older, her bad habit of asking silly questions got worse and she was sent home from school twice in one week. Her brothers teased her lovingly, but she sensed that they thought she was not very bright. They forgave her for it, because it was not such a big issue for girls to be a little dim-witted. Still, they recognized her propensity to cause trouble and to speak when it was not warranted. When she could get away, she wandered alone through the slums looking for answers, but only finding herself more confused. Eventually, she started to see her parents in a different light, her brothers also, but most critically herself. She tried to light herself on fire in the middle of the slums at the age of 18 and half her body was engulfed in flames before a toothless old woman pulled a dusty blanket over her. The woman was later questioned and whipped by the police. Fortunately for her, most of her young face was unscathed by incident, but she was not suitable to marry—or at least so it was said all around her. She looked again tearfully at her father and mother, who looked at her with shame, but also with a confused sadness. They loved her dearly, but were traumatized dreadfully by the incident; they felt that maybe they had given her too much freedom and that that had corrupted her thoughts. Old uncles and aunties had alternative theories about evil spirits, bad influences from her brothers and contaminated milk. In the depth of emotion around this, the family stopped speaking to her and to each other. She thought about this as we spoke, and she told me that there could be no doubt that the people all around her had a strong intentionality toward good, and for them that sufficed. Their view of it was colored by their generation, by their culture and most importantly by their place in society. In the minds of her parents, the old peasant woman who had saved her from self-immolation had done wrong by touching her flesh against a dirty and diseased blanket; the young street children had been uncouth by not performing their duty as workers and by expecting handouts instead from families who already contributed so much to the community; father’s servants had done compromised work, and there was no conditionality that rendered their poor performance reasonable regardless of the growling of their bellies and the pestilence which pervaded their squalid dwellings. This was their good, and it was invariably framed by their perceptions and circumscribed further by the range of acceptable behaviors in society. To conceptualize this, let us imagine that outward from one’s locus of control extended the axioms of good behavior predicated upon singular awareness of role expectation and reflectiveness with regard to intentionality and prior consequence: the personal subjectivity aligned with this was adequate so long as future cause—albeit not future consequence—accorded with specific moral expectation. There was no need for an objective morality in light of this, but then it became necessary to contend with the plurality of other external specific moralities. At least that was as much as she comprehended about it; however, she remained even to that moment deeply dissatisfied with this construct of behavior. To her, it allowed the rationalization and perpetuation of unfair archetypes. She had expressed as much to her husband, who in response cackled loudly and clapped with glee like a baby birthday boy. 
“’Apparently Tony had quoted her mockingly to a loose congregation of students comprising the Thought Station the next day. At this, an ugly middle-aged man with burning eyes and hairy palms asked the group if we, as reasoning creatures, capable of immense miscalculation, were possessed of the capacity to practice anything remotely resembling goodness—for perhaps even intention was the agitating drop to the placid pond. Again, this brought baby claps. The hairy-palmed man, later, sought Tony’s wife out in the market and told her that he was leaving the Thought Station—and he was not simply expressing the umbrage and contempt for it that was expected of all members. He genuinely wished to leave. Even though he was a relatively new member, and a good bit older than the young men who idolized Malicious Tony, he professed a deep disappointment. He, himself, had been a philosopher for many years, but had been plagued with the infinite loops and circular reasoning he uncovered through his personal explorations. Something about Malicious Tony’s fierce opposition to the idea of mentorship within his school attracted the confused gentleman. He expected that it should be a place where all pretensions of better ideas would be hastily shot down. There was an honesty to this, for in the collective confusion of man, there could be no greater and no lesser. But the more he saw Tony, the more he was disappointed, and the less inspired. Malicious Tony’s image had outshined the person, possibly, and it seemed now that it had indeed been mentorship that brought people in the direction of the Thought Station. For certainly, Malicious Tony was most vehement about his own ideas and shockingly dismissive of others—especially so when their ideas seemed to exceed his own. He had the gravity of authority behind him, regardless of how anti-authoritarian he seemed in his principles. Thus, it was just another form of didactic tutelage, no different from the academy except that his school lacked the systematic rigors of checks and balances from a larger community. In the end, the Thought Station comprised of nothing more than a bloated windbag with a legion of fashion-crazed young followers. Moreover, the existence of the Thought Station only had value so long as the academics paid any attention to Malicious Tony. But as an ex-student of the academies, the hairy-palmed man could now see quite clearly that the stepwise constructions, refutations and methodical revisions of ontological paradigm within academic communities achieved far more in the service of human understanding than Malicious Tony’s grating rhetoric of individualism; moreover, their subservience to the larger forces of knowledge covered greater territory than this demagogue’s upending speculations. In the end, it was only because he descended from a wealthy family that anyone paid attention to him in the first place. All of this living in squalor and affecting eccentricity was self-imposed so that he could live up to his image—unfortunately for him, even this he failed to do well. And for all this foolishness, the hairy-palmed man proclaimed, the people all around Malicious Tony had suffered needlessly. Upon hearing all this, Malicious Tony’s wife’s hands fell easily into the man’s hairy palms and she broke into tears. He had seen her many times, he told her, and had wanted many times to speak with her. He had seen the endless fatigue in her face and knew how much she struggled to support her layabout husband. He knew even how much she had sunk from her original station in life because she thought that by supporting him she was taking a virtuous path. He told her that he admired her intention and had been struck strongly by her words about this very idea of intention, and felt suddenly a desperate need to save her from her terrible misery. He did not yet know how this could be done, or how this would look in the eyes of the gods, assuming they existed. Nevertheless, this man wished to do her a good turn and to protect her from the flaw of deviant intentionality.
“’As she told me all about this, tears came to her eyes. She felt both relieved and guilty, and yet her fingers were, by this point, even tracing the lines on my own palms suggestively. What was it this woman wanted from me? Unfortunately, I had little time to consider such matters, for my brethren had already started loading up our ship for the return to Kaiiba. On the horizon approached a fleet of barbarians—I still know not from where. Despite my desire to stay, the other missionaries, refusing to leave without me, forced me upon our ship. I do not know what became of Malicious Tony and his wife or the hairy-palmed man, apart from the conflicting accounts I now hear of their fates. Some accounts indicate that they fled before the barbarians came and that they live still. Other accounts are not so reassuring. I am told that the sack of Buccal was brutal beyond measure, and that if I had stayed behind and survived the fiery menace, I would likely have been driven by privation to the same depravity and madness as those who had remained after the pillaging. The barbarians, I’m told, only stayed long enough to load up their ships and slay all who stood in their paths. When they left, the city was aflame and the survivors were left starving. In the chaos facing the populace after the fall of their institutions of thought and understanding, the people searched for new meaning. Rationalism, it seemed to many, was a structure of shaky foundations. The scholarly disciplines, and the arts and sciences with which they were entwined, achieved very little, if anything at all, in the vanquishment of suffering or in shedding light upon the human condition. Very little could be achieved that elevated the spirit of men to rise above their primitive instincts, or that enlightened them beyond the state of their predecessors. In fact, it is quite possible that the scholarly disciplines had held them back from their intuitive potential with its overemphasis on systematized logic—for logic, itself, could only seem to the destitute a specious mechanism devised from a parallax view and from within an insular bubble of comfort. Many disillusioned by their new circumstances soon sought the shade of trees with roots unseen. Deprived of comforts and with heads spinning from hunger, their moral compasses, too, spun frantically; and so, they spurned reason in favor of their irrational drives. And for these despondent souls, there was a certain unspoken and spiritual purpose—less detached from the metaphysical nausea of the weakened—to be found in the practice of the jesteral arts. There was no reasoning behind it, no attempt to explain the universe, but rather a devout surrender to the horrific absurdity of its movements. It was a cathartic, visceral and spirited practice—that is to say, in every manner, alluring like the mesmerizing beats of a tribal dance that compels one’s obeisance. And yet, somehow it lacked in those elements of predation and hedonism one might otherwise associate with the debauched rituals of yore. No, there was indeed an egalitarian and altruistic—albeit inwardly cynical—aspect to this path of performative self-abasement. Surviving academics became clerics of cosmic farcicality. There is a movement spoken of these days—a threat to men of the cloth—that we refer to as Inverse Enlightenment. I do not know if these new clerics were the pioneers of this new philosophic course, but I am given to understand that the logic embraced had a similar ring to it.
“’Nevertheless, I will not expand upon their fates much further, for I am tracing my own path and not theirs. For this exercise of self-importance, I must apologize. Nevertheless, I do so for good reason.’
“There is a silence and Yuri says to him slowly, ‘Still, I cannot understand why you are telling me all this! I do not see how this connects to my situation. Are you unwell? Has the heat become too much for you?’
“These were indeed good questions, for the room is quite sticky and hot at this moment. I sense within them both a sluggishness to the movements of their thoughts. Her hand reaches over and touches the back of his ear and I sense a strong intentionality from the both of them. However, he looks exhausted. His eyes roll up and it seems to me that he is hearing something that even I, with all my sensitivity, cannot hear. After an interminable pause he speaks finally, ‘My apologies. I know not what I say, or where this story has concocted itself. Even now, I cannot be sure if this is something real, or something I have fancied as real. I feel very unwell. I realize that some of what I said was untrue, perhaps imagined. It seems I imagined also my own intentionality—is such a thing possible? Yes, maybe. I think I suffered from the force of an irrational intention to fabricate a rational one. Perhaps, this is a common affliction. Are these forces that move us real, or just consequences of probabilistic movements of charged particles in our synapses? Maybe my thoughts, beliefs and behaviors are being affected by a very powerful magnet. Are our actions and thoughts governed by quantum algorithms—oh dear, I hope the other O-bousan do not hear me saying this! They are so averse to this sort of speculation. It matters not. I know only now that I am unwell. Yes. I did not realize it until this moment. Such things are possible, no? You are right to ask what you did, Judy!’”
“’My darling!’ cries Yuri with a pang of concern, ‘Please tell me what I can do. I’ll do anything. We can leave this town together and retreat to a sanatorium. Perhaps that is what you need. My name is Yuri, by the way.’
“At this the O-bousan smiles painfully and says, ‘Yes, Yuri. I thank you for that, but this malady of which I speak is a spiritual one. What if I told you that I cannot be sure if I am lying or telling the truth? How can I know that anything I have said today actually happened? How am I to know the nature of veracity, if I, myself, am unsure if my vows, beliefs and life’s journey is predicated upon something true and good? I have labored all of my life for the betterment of this species—hear that? I speak now as though I am not a member of the human race. Am I then an insect? A fungal sample that grew out of a meteorite? Am I an eel that crawled out of the sea?’
“’My darling!’ Yuri begins again.
“’Enough with these empty gestures of love! These pretensions of meaning! Enough with this ludicrous duality we call good and evil! Enough with all these devices!’ He says this wearily, although he seems to think he is screaming. Yuri can barely hear what he is saying over the shuffling of feet advancing in their direction. It appears that their conversation was being listened to from the very beginning. Yuri winces at this realization and begins running back over the conversation in her head to check what she has exposed of herself in front of strangers.
“’Venerable O-bousan-34…’ a voice yelps and a young shaven head peeps into the curtains. It is one of the students. Yuri can sense the elders standing behind him, waiting impatiently. They know the code of the faith well enough to understand that it is inappropriate to interrupt a priest mid-session. They use the student’s seeming forgivable inexperience and clumsiness to pierce through the protocol. ‘O-bousan-34! I heard you—are you…you-‘ the apprentice stammers uncontrollably, but the sickened priest would have none of this.
“He jumps from his seat, suddenly a good deal more vigorous than before, ‘OUT! OUT WITH YOU! BACK TO YOUR DUNG HEAPS…or wherever you dwell…no matter really. OUT THE LOT OF YOU! YOU MISERABLE HYPOCRITES! YOU DUSTY OLD BOOKENDS! YOU RUSTY GEARS—how can you be both? Nonsense. Better yet: YOU PARASITIC PEDERASTS! Ah good insult that! I KNOW YOU’RE BACK THERE! OUT WITH YOU TOO! Yes…Parasitic Pederasts! Pernicious Parasitic Pederasts at that! Yes! Exquisite shard of calumny! Persistent Pernicious Para—no, that’s too much! They’re still milling about out there I think. Must I raise my voice again? Perhaps it’s best. Yes…here goes: GET AWAY! AWAY WITH YOU I SAY!’” 
The Beastslayer screamed this for effect, causing Didi to jump. The conversation in the carriage behind them silenced for a moment, but then there were a couple quick phrases uttered under breath in a gallant tone; this evoked a pronounced guffaw from the entire company.
Didi looked at the Beastslayer’s face, noticing in the moonlight the hint of agitation in his visage. Could it be that he was so sensitive that he could feel again what the O-bousan seemed to be feeling? She wondered momentarily if the telling of this story could have been painful for him as well. For this, she could not help but feel a slight appreciation for his telling of it, as though it were some dramatic performance in which the actor has immersed himself sufficiently in the part. For some reason, this brought the face of the untouchable to her mind briefly. There was a similar sensitivity, a volatility in the tender and finely-calibrated muscles of that face, as though its wearer could be driven to terrific and hideous aberration in the heat of fancy. The untouchable and the Beastslayer both shared a similar vulnerability to the arbitrary that won her immediate trust and affection. The difference was that, in this case, the story that the Beastslayer sought to impart was not a mere flight of fancy.
Or was it?
“Are you doing OK?” she could not withhold the courtesy of at least offering this. The story he had been telling was so compelling that she had almost lost her own bearings and forgotten that she was still sitting in a carriage with him in this midnight traffic. She took a deep breath. Her head seemed clearer now. The effects of the wine she had imbibed earlier in the day had almost completely worn off. She remembered now something of what Sanchez had said to her. She had thought herself lucid at the time and he seemed to find this somewhat amusing. He had even quipped: It’s funny how we presume clarity even in its absence.  Could this also have been so in the case of the O-bousan? More importantly, could this have been the case with the Beastslayer, for was it not upon his words that all meaning with respect to this incident now rested? There was no one else to ask about this. Not the O-bousan. Not anyone else at the temple. Not even Yuri, for surely, even if she showed a willingness to speak on this topic, she would have her own version of the events hemmed within that intransigent structure she imposed upon her world. Didi knew this structure only too well, for she lived daily at its whims. In this respect, the O-bousan was right about Yuri’s capacity to fashion her own cages, for most certainly, she shut herself in even more than she shut in Didi. It was easier to occupy a small and familiar space and eschew all that lay outside of it—to draw the shades of every room in the hopes of seeking greater comfort. Yuri’s story would be warped by this limited comprehension of the ways of the world. Even if an alternate account succeeded in triangulating the exactitudes behind this situation, it might then only serve to undermine critical elements of the Beastslayer’s dream, which, on its own, seemed far more credible.
A tear came to the Beastslayer’s eye. He waved at his cheek, as though swatting away an insect, and looked momentarily perplexed. It seemed he didn’t realize that he was weeping. “Admittedly, this next part bothers me and it is difficult for me not to feel strong sympathy for the O-bousan in these final moments.”
“What happened exactly?”
The Beastslayer looked unsure about how to answer that question for the moment. Instead, he dove into the details of what he witnessed in that dream: “The O-bousan falls back wearily, assuming the chair behind him as before. Unfortunately, his massive backside glances off the edge of the seat corner, causing it to flip and topple to its side. He falls hard and hits the back of his head: first, on the back leg of the toppling chair, and then, on the marble floor below. ‘Tis an unsteady chalice for this dissolving concoction…’ mumbles he, now barely able to enunciate his words clearly. Yuri does not hear this, for she is now running to him screaming, ‘My darling! My darling!’ She drops to her knees and cradles his head in her arms. He seems weak, but not so much from the blow to the head. The air in the room is heavier now. It is the stagnant ether of summer. From somewhere on the temple grounds, we hear the faint tolling of a bell. As you may know, M’Lady, there is a section on the grounds reserved for students from the seventh standard who have successfully memorized, recited and interpreted the teachings of the final ten koans during their catechism. Upon completing this repetitive and self-annihilating exercise, they line up to ascend a long stairway to the bell tower. At the top of the stairway, they enter the tall wooden structure and climb a long ladder to the top to ring the bell. The ringing is seen as a momentous occasion in their spiritual journey: the end of their core theoretical training and the beginning of a life of arduous practice in ritual and method. Although their years walking this planet have been few, they are thought to have been inculcated with the essential truths, and rendered capable of navigating their nuances, complexities and contradictions as would befit the dynamics of any situation they should face. And so they ascend that ladder leading to the cupola, and with both hands, they strain to pull the massive cast-bronze bell far above their heads and they release it, closing their eyes and clenching their buttocks as they prepare to endure the blunt force of its reverberations. Some, I have been told, have been deafened for life by the harshness of that sound, and others traumatized beyond measure by the pressure of the aural waves against their soft bellies. I am even told that many have bled from every orifice at the intensity of this chime. I have known some students of this temple who told me in secret that the only way to withstand the intensity of reverberations from that ringing bell is to turn one’s back on it, close one’s eyes and cover one’s ears. No one can see you from below as you do this. It is indeed a private moment, and no one would think to suspect or accuse you of having turned your back. In the end, I am told, this is what makes for an effective priest. The O-bousan now looks to his toppled chair that had failed his frame, and he cannot help but wonder momentarily if humanity had merely invented the concept of truth in order to abase itself needlessly before a fatuous illusion, to mock its own capacity to jump at shadows.”
“Hmmm…” Didi looked up at the night sky ponderously. “What a notion!”
The Beastslayer did not acknowledge this, but continued: “Yuri is now stroking his head and kissing his cheek frantically, causing even her own face to be smudged with lipstick. This is no matter, for her face already looks quite clownish by now with those blue tears streaming through canals dug out of beige foundation. I am sorry to describe your mother to you this way, but her face looks like a painted desert! ‘O-bousan, my dear! O-bousan!’ is all she can say. He closes his eyes and shakes his head, but says nothing. I cannot read his thoughts in this moment. He merely raises an arm and points at a drawer overflowing with papers in his desk. She remains at his side with her arms cradling his head, as she leans over and pulls the drawer open. This sends papers flying all over. One lands at her feet. The O-bousan points at it. No words emerge from his mouth, but, amidst gurgles, his mouth breathes the word ‘that.’ Saliva falls in long strands from the side of his mouth. I sense something of him—perhaps his consciousness—receding inward and toward some infinitesimal point within his frame. Sounds emerge in incessant babbles, and he voices the syllable ‘wa wa wa wa…’ again and again. I have seen this behavior before in stroke victims, or in seniors in a rapid spiral of dementia. It is frightening to witness on the outside; yet, on the inside, he appears to be at peace and moving at great speeds from moment to moment—some real and others manufactured. He must have returned to his babyhood for a brief period, for I hear him humming a lullaby I know from my youth that was once sung to me. I sang it sometimes to my younger cousins. It is a lovely tune and the sadness I feel at hearing it now is one of personal loss.”
“What is on the paper?” Didi interjected with an urgency that surprised even herself.
“The paper is an interesting matter unto itself. Even though it’s at Yuri’s feet, she barely looks at it. Yet, I can see quite well from my vantage point high above her head what it looks like. Yet, I am still too far. I must confess, however, that even from this privileged position, the distance is too great for me in my vaporous essence to perceive it clearly.  This is where I must warn that I am compelled to project my own constructions upon the shapes I see. Unless this is a mere coincidence. Otherwise I have no other way to explain what I believe myself to see.”
“What is it?”
“’Tis a children’s drawing of some kind. A very old one, for the paper is yellowed and of the consistency of crackling parchment. Just inward from the bottom right corner of the paper is a small hole surrounded by dried, crackling paper. The paper appears to be decaying from the inside out. It is of a material we do not see anymore except in old documents, and surely it must have long preceded the existence of the O-bousan himself. To be sure, I would not be surprised if it were three or four hundred years old.”
“The paper is from another time. I get this. Is the drawing also?”
“Ah…but that is an excellent question. You have a striking intuition, M’Lady. One naturally assumes the picture to be as old as the paper upon which it was drawn. But I know this to be a fallacy, for certainly the work looks to have been done in wax crayon—a relatively recent invention. At first, I took it to be Conté sticks, for the output is somewhat similar—these sticks are made from a composite solution of clay and charcoal. However, it was certainly the bright colors that put these speculations to rest. Were they Conté sticks, one might see a preponderance of grays. This is not the case here.”
“So, the drawing could have been done by the O-bousan. Within his lifetime certainly.”
“’Tis certainly possible, but again, we cannot be sure. There are two things of which we can be certain thus far: first, that the parchment was aged; and second, that the drawing upon the parchment was much newer. This leads one to wonder why it had passed so much time as a blank canvas. Yet, is this a fair question? Perhaps, it is just as presumptuous to posit that a paper exists only to be written upon, as it is to assume that humans exist only to do God’s work. While the Creator might lend substance, form, and validation to His creation, there is no essential disposition for Him to predetermine also its purpose. A blank paper may indeed remain blank until it crumbles to fragments.”
“Yet, it did not. It fell into the hands of a young Creator,” Didi smiled at this. “Perhaps, it was the back of a page that had already been written upon.”
“This I had not considered, M’Lady. I wish I could be imbued with such an acute intuition as yours. In retrospect, I deem it completely within the realm of possibility that young hands had found a written-upon page and composed a picture upon its back. Surely, this would only be the act of a naughty child, or one who did not know better.”
“I wonder if it was a page of scripture. Something from the temple?”
“This, too, is an intriguing possibility. And if he kept it with him in his desk, a picture now forms in my mind of a younger version of him who had innocently drawn upon an already decaying page unbeknownst to the elders. The page might have contained on its other side some sacred truth now lost to the faith and forgotten by all. To be sure, it has not been missed by others, but not without the repercussion of vanquishing certain tenets which gave the faith meaning. That it so say that the paper he keeps might hold a sacred truth that only he holds on to, but one which is long forgotten and inaccessible to others in the faith. Nevertheless, it is possibly only for the sake of the drawing itself—that simple child’s drawing in wax crayon—that he has held on to the paper for all these years. Possibly it reminds him of something of which he wishes never to let go. The drawing reminds him of himself in his earlier years. Or, maybe the picture strikes him somewhere deep in a manner that words will never explain. Or, simply enough, it is one of those cherished treasures of youth of which he finds himself unwilling to let go.”
“Assuming it is his own drawing…”
“If it is someone else’s, then we are far off-track. Shall we entertain that possibility?”
“I would rather we stayed with this.”
“Certainly, but bear in mind, that this very choice brings with it the consequence of severe misapprehension of the situation.”
“I will gladly take that chance.”
“I think it is a worthwhile risk. For certainly, there are elements of the picture itself that could not seem to have been devised by other hands. Goodness—you asked me what was on the paper and I have been going on and on about the age, material and origin of the paper, and about the types of art supplies and about his intentions in keeping it all these years. In fact, I have all but answered your question. I have told you nothing of what has been depicted on the paper.”
“I assumed you would get to it. The other details were also worth hearing.”
“Indeed. Yes indeed.”
“So, I ask again: what is on the paper?”
“Again, this is difficult to answer with certainty, for the O-bousan and I carry different impressions of this image. From my vantage point, I see a darkened wood. An unpaved road leads past a charcoal tree of many roots splitting in innumerable directions into the ground. Between two thick roots stands a patch of deep emerald grass long enough for golden acorns within to lie submerged—I only assume this for there are two or three falling acorns to be seen mid-air, unless they are insects. However, the soft blades of grass do not grow so high as to conceal the image of an infant boy sleeping peacefully: his arms folded and cradling his head, his body turned to his side, knees bent and feet curling back. The emerald green seems to highlight glowing blue skin, as though the infant is a specter of twilight, or even a young deity. And though shadows are prevalent in this darkened wood, none fall upon the child—remember that this is a child’s rendering in crayon, so one might even attribute this to a lack of skill. The tree at which he sleeps seems to stand at a fork in the path and behind the tree are the shadows of trunks into the fathomless dark. Standing over the infant appears to be a warrior of old—a Beastslayer from those times when the name meant something more than it does now. We only see the back of him, but do not see the direction of his eyes. He is wearing o-yoroi armor of multiple colors and patterns like a magnificent quilt. He wears a helmet of steel plates with flecks of what appear to be bronze. The long blade of his sword projects outward from his side and his feet are apart as though he is ready to move at any moment. I say that I cannot see his eyes and to me this makes a difference, for certainly I cannot understand his intentions. Is he protecting this infant, or slaying it for the beast that it is? A third possibility is that his eyes are scanning the darkness of the woods behind the tree, for the darkness is interrupted by malicious and fearsome eyes. Is he a guard, or slayer? Is he both, and if so, a slayer of whom and for whom? Are the eyes projecting from the darkness commanding him to slay the infant—the beast? Are they, in fact, his master? Or, is he abiding by an authority external to the page, and guarding the infant against the beasts of the forest? Is he operating according to his own whims and doing what he believes moral—protecting the weak against the predatory? This last option could arise out of a sense of instinct. It is difficult to understand what I am seeing. I wonder also about the person who drew this—I keep saying a child, for I can only assume it to be the work of a child. Yet, it is no less haunting.”
“But you say that the O-bousan viewed it differently?”
“Aye, but he too seems unsure—perhaps this is why I have doubts as to whether or not it was he who drew the picture. There are still many similar qualities to what I perceived: the path, the darkened wood, the sleeping infant, et cetera. Yet, there are two key elements that he views as different. First of all, in his eyes, the warrior is no warrior. He carries not a sword, but a ceremonial staff—it looks like a scepter, but it appears to be a religious ornament. Additionally, he is not clothed in o-yoroi armor, but in the florid vestments of a cleric. He wears not a steel helmet, but a stiff kamilavka hat of black burlap and the hanging red and gold epanekamelovkion veil of a high priest. ‘Gug gug gug…’ says the O-bousan with his eyes fixed upon this vision before him. The second difference between what he and I perceive comes in the shape of these eyes floating in the darkened wood behind the infant. Where I see a force of fierce intentionality shaped by what I assume to be a down-turned brow, his interpretation is quite the opposite. In his view, the brows are up-turned and the eyes look from the darkness into the light of the path pleadingly, and presumably with a hint of supplication. There is a sorrow about them, not menace, as these eyes are hungry for a different nature of sustenance. Whether the eyes of this High Priest rest upon the infant or upon these groveling beasts gathering to him is uncertain, and possibly unimportant.”
“But this is all very confusing. Which was it?” Didi demanded.
“I wish I could tell you for certain, M’Lady. I know what I see, and certainly the O-bousan sees something different.”
“But you were at a distance, and if this picture was amongst his possessions, perhaps he has studied it many times. Should his view of it not supersede yours in such cases?”
“Aye M’Lady, but remember the uncertainty that afflicted him. I get the sense that his interpretation is a matter of external suggestion, as though his eyes see one thing, but he chooses to perceive it in a way that he is expected to.”
“I don’t follow.”
“Let us take as an example the same potent perfume being worn by the subject of one’s enmity and the object of one’s deepest affections. The aroma is the same, but you would receive it according to your aspirations. If you aspired to enjoy the scent, then, perhaps you shall succeed in doing so and choose to embrace it as an essence becoming of its wearer. On the other hand, if you were predisposed to loathe it, you should find it a foul odor just as affrontive as the presence of its wearer.”
“Yes, but you are speaking of like versus dislike. This is a completely different matter. We are speaking of what he sees, not of his preferences.”
“I see where you are going with this. Still, I am inclined to think that we are speaking of what he prefers to see, but you might disagree. Perhaps then, it would be prudent to enter the mind of the O-bousan so that we can better understand the journey now being undertaken. For while his eyes are locked upon this picture, internally his mind travels to another time. Now, he is a boy of 15 again—a young lad certainly, but still possibly of the residual innocence of a boy of 9 or 10. This is not to say that he is emotionally or developmentally stunted, but that having been raised and guarded by the elderly women of his seaside village, while his mother worked, he remains possessed of a child-like sensibility that these old matrons wished him to sustain, for fear that he should fall under the pernicious influence of the wretched sailormen who would serve otherwise as his only templates of manhood. To be sure, the men of this port town are a vile breed and the boy’s only hope is to retain his boyhood for as long as it would take for him to reach the appropriate age to begin his education elsewhere. And so he does, and soon he reaches an age suitable for leaving home. It is an old widowed Frau of a forgettable name who urges his mother to send him to study at the seminary school. She explains that her own sons had become sailors, decades earlier, and that each had met his demise, not at sea, but in drink. Indeed the three had been good lads, the old widow tells her; yet, their being so did little to prevent them from being consumed by a wave too formidable to bear. If there exists a chance to save this boy from such an unhappy and morally debilitating life, it would be to send him away and to immerse him fully in a life of probity, and of service to humanity. There could be no better station in life for a boy of such tender and earnest sensibilities. The young boy overhears the Old Frau’s pleas, but is able to capture little of their meaning and comprehend little of what he is being protected against. Moreover, these entreaties prove to be overwhelming for the poor mother, who is far too weary and sick from overwork to listen closely to such incessant nagging. The young mother makes no firm decision about the fate of her boy even on her deathbed. Nevertheless, before her final breath, she tiredly appoints the old Frau his legal guardian: repentant perhaps that she had not heeded her advice. 
“Months later, he finds himself alone in a hired carriage to Bahlia. In his hands, he holds an envelope with a blue ribbon tied around it containing a promissory note covering expenses for his first year’s tuition and a message for the school’s headmaster from the Old Frau. He does not know what the message says, but accepts the simple wisdom that he is being sent to this seminary school for the sake of ‘preserving his purity.’ He does not understand what this means exactly, but assumes that all that’s expected of him is that he be a good boy who does what he is told. If he can do that much, everything else should certainly fall into place. Simple enough! Yet, upon arriving at the seminary school, it quickly becomes apparent to him that, in spite of his expectations, this sort of attitude would not be well received. It would not be sufficient to behave well and follow directions, for he finds in his companions and classmates a more nuanced sensibility. There is a greater sophistication among them, a stronger sense of personal initiative, perhaps even a hardened cynicism with respect to the ways of the world. Being a good boy would not be enough in this place. He suddenly comes to understand what it means to appear ‘pure’ in the eyes of others, and arrives at the conclusion that it would be difficult for him to remain so here. A quiet despondence settles over him, accompanied by a pang of self-recrimination at the thought of having already resigned himself to letting the Old Frau down. Sitting on his cot whilst staring down at his dangling feet, he silently reassures himself that maintaining one’s purest self here would be an impossibility for anybody. Thus, it would only be reasonable that he forgive himself for the inevitability of his failure.
“Meanwhile, the older boys, filing into the residences after their morning prayers, cast a wary eye upon the newcomer, as though trying to size him up. He senses an aggression in their eyes, and thusly, sees no other recourse but to remain quiet, affect a serious demeanor and stay out of their way. Fortunately, the decision to do so seems to satisfy them. Yet, he watches from afar in the straw-matted corridors of the residences as they push around and yank at the golden robes of the younger boys whom they find too cheerful, sissyish and eager to please. Such boys are referred to pejoratively as ‘bellringers,’ for they are the ones who unnecessarily put their most wholehearted effort into bringing loud and pronounced rings out of the bells during evening mass. Regardless of how strongly the priests commend such behavior, the older boys find such childish displays contemptible. It is almost as though they detest the foul odor of innocence and wish to banish it immediately from their presence. The young O-bousan-34 cannot conceive of how this sensibility has emerged in this school. Somehow this eschewal of childhood whimsy appears an integral part of the student culture; yet, there is a nature to it that fills him with the nagging suspicion that it is the object of some external catalyst. And over the course of weeks and months that follow, he begins to entertain the notion that if there must be a catalyst, it could only be that series of spectacles these boys have seen before them here in this temple and out there in the world of adults. 
“The boys had, after all, on these very grounds, heard the public confessions of mistresses and murderers, had seen decrepit old lizards flailing drunkenly before the high priests, sharp-tongues lolling out, whilst they writhed and groveled with compunction, all the while tittering with depravity at the melodrama of their own display. They had traced the scandalous migrations of diseases borne in coital fluids—ailments that had passed from sailors of foreign ports to pilgrims of the Bahlian temple and then onward, wrecking many a happy home along the Holy Trail, whilst traversing the whole of Kaiiba, before setting forth again out to the sea in the vesicles of explorers heading to ports with names yet unpronounceable. They had seen babies left on the doorsteps of the hermitage, with notes pinned to bonnets indicating their fathers to be residing within those sacred walls. And the students of this seminary have reacted to their rapidly advancing understanding of the human condition in a variety of ways. Some have become all the more austere, ready to turn their noses up at even the slightest whiff of worldly enjoyment, for fear of straying down the same decadent path as their elders before them. These boys generally ignore the others and keep to themselves as much as they can, often dreading group or cooperative tasks, as though keeping a safe distance from the rest of humankind. Those who are more socially inclined, on the other hand, often maintain a playful, yet scoffing defiance of the rigors of their school—albeit surreptitiously so and with no seeming lack of cognizance for the appearances expected of them by their elders. To say the least, they persist with what they believe to be a healthy skepticism of the value of this rigorous lifestyle to which they are being subjected, but also a sense of circumspection about what behavior remains appropriate under the watchful eye of authority. These types have also perhaps resigned themselves to believing that there exists no sublime grace from which to fall; thus, it could be no terrible sin to delight in the same worldly pleasures as those in the adult world. And so they bring beedis and Bhang halawa and dirty magazines into the student dwellings within the monastery, sharing them only with those few in their gang with whom they can delight together in this blessed communion of lapsed commitment. 
“The young O-bousan-34 is perplexed by all this cynicism around him, wracked even with a sense of guilt at the very thought of the boundaries being transgressed by others and disappointed by the harshness of the world these boys around him describe with what seems like the hardened sneers of men. He wonders: is this how it would have been, had he lived among the sailors? Would it have seemed even harsher? What if all adults—clerics and sailors included—possessed a keen insight into a larger reality to which he, in his childish upbringing, had, hitherto, been denied access? Perhaps, cynicism is the only rational means of navigating such a world. But no, it cannot be so, his young mind insists! He had been protected from the cold and bitter aspects of reality—yes—but this gives him no reason to begin doubting his own intuitions. Otherwise nothing at all has any meaning! Surely, there may be some who stray from goodness, some who succumb to temptation, but it is still fair to assume that all are, nevertheless, possessed of the potential to find again that strain of lost virtue. It only takes a pragmatic mind to understand how best to guide those who suffer, and how best to offer them respite, even temporarily, from the agony overwhelming them. It is, thus, in his eyes, the work of a cleric to comfort the weary and guide them along a just and moral path. He thinks of his mother, whose face is quickly fading from memory. All he remembers of her is her weariness—an exhaustion for which she could find no relief to her dying day.
“There is a larger cosmic justice by which such suffering surely abides. If there isn’t, nothing else makes sense—least of which, his mother’s joyless toils. With guidance and compassion, the weariness of common people like his mother might subside in this luminous promise of justice. In his heart, he wants dearly to believe this; he cannot embrace the cynicism of the others, for to do so would be a self-defeating gesture. It would even be a betrayal of all for which his mother suffered. Yet, he knows he must keep his musings private, for he has seen his classmates mocking other newcomers with similar notions, sometimes abusing them and calling them pantywaists. To them, the very notion of a larger cosmic justice being an essential aspect of human existence is tantamount to childish thinking. For such a proposition, even the austere boys seem to hold a measure of quiet contempt, for they view the namby-pamby’s who uphold it as frivolous and immature—eager, perhaps, to believe any old fairy tale whispered to them by their dear old nannies. Can you imagine? These austere boys, who strictly renounce all worldly pleasures for the sake of unequivocal adherence to this path of virtue—these boys, whose youth imbues in them a seriousness exceeding even those of most priests—rejecting this formless notion of cosmic justice, as though it were a juvenile distraction. Perhaps it is not so strange though, for embedded in their seriousness is also the tendency to view matters with an excessive degree of concreteness. To be sure, the severity of these serious individuals has much to do with a certain material ambition they hold to acquire more ornate vestments by playing by the rules and, thusly, gaining sufficient approval from the elder clerics to advance their status within the temple. Unlike their more lackadaisical classmates who delight only in worldly pleasures, these serious types embrace worldly position; and so they memorize their scriptures perfectly, perform chores fastidiously and see fit to abandon any questions about the faith, as these details have already been seen to by prior generations of clerics. They are most satisfied by the simplest interpretations of scripture and the most palpable aspects of the faith—including the irresolute contradictions, which only require one to select a school of interpretation by which to abide. They can call to mind the second word on the twenty-second line on the fifty-fourth page of the seventh book. They can explain the meaning of these passages of scripture in the way that is expected of them, but they have no patience for needless abstraction, and certainly not for the sophisms wrought of an undisciplined mind. And so they feel justified to scorn the young newcomers who persistently maintain such ignorant views! In fact, it seems that the young O-bousan-34 is the only individual who sees no flaw in the thinking of these innocent newcomers; moreover, he even feels somewhat sorry for them, for they are merely extending to newer circumstances the virtues they had been taught throughout childhood. These were axioms of goodness to which all the boys had once surely subscribed, half-heartedly or not. Is there some flaw in continuing to embrace this model of goodness? Perhaps there is, for the other boys in this school only seek now to navigate a bigger and more complex world of conditions and compromises. Is their cynicism, then, a method of adaptation to the moral contradictions inherent in the adult world? Perhaps so, but the young O-bousan—mind you, his name is still unknown to me, but I shall call him young O-bousan for simplicity—the young O-bousan sees this cynicism as a kind of helplessness, a desperate (or possibly willing) surrender to a moral decrepitude pervasive and unrelenting in the world of men. Could he not hold out for the truth he embraced as a boy, for the goodness imparted to him by his elders—sugar-coated though it may be? Surely, even if they, too, gave in to hopeless decadence, they understood the nature of goodness well enough to modify their actions in the presence of young, impressionable eyes. While the other boys giggle knowingly at the priests who put forth, to their minds, a grand spectacle of false piety, the young O-bousan sees no falsity to begin with. He assumes the intentions of clerics to be honest and what they present of themselves to be authentic. This is as close as one could get, he fancies, to the virtue with which he had been instilled by his elders. Naturally, mistakes are made along the way and it would be hypocritical even for children to expect moral perfection from elders. Yet, the other boys, in spite of their feigned reverence before the eyes of elders, cannot suppress their laughs and mockery in the darkened students’ quarters.  They hop about in lantern-light, their shadows mimicking the arm movements of apes as they sing parodied renditions of the incantations, pausing only to fart, or to gyrate their hips like they imagine the elders to be doing at the brothels on the other side of town. The young O-bousan is conflicted: he cannot help but hold on to his ideal of virtue, in spite of the scrutiny he is sure to face if he were to voice it publicly; all the same, he has to maintain good relations with the other boys, otherwise they would surely suspect something amiss. The only recourse in such cases is to do what is necessary in order to keep appearances: to laugh with the other boys when they laugh and to shake his head disapprovingly at those who differ with the group. Perhaps there are others in the group who engage in similar artifice.
“At any rate, I could go on and on about his schooling conditions, but I will pause here for the sake of brevity, for there is one critical episode that seems to stand out in the dying O-bousan’s mind as his eyes fixate on the picture on the floor of his office. The mind of the O-bousan has circled back to the present and he is remembering now that there was a boy in this school—a good-natured and well-liked young lad the same age as he. He was a friendly sort, but not above the bullying of innocent newcomers. He also delighted in taunting the reserved, austere ones for their mechanical movements, their overdone pretensions of faith, and their seeming desire for approval from the elders. Privately, the boy would pant like a dog and bark mockingly to the laughter of his peers. The older boys also had a fondness for him, for he was a likeable sort, and his broad grinning face and welcoming eyes seemed to compel greater communion on the part of his fellow novices than any religious service could, however festive it may have been. He was jovial (but not excessively so) and expressed no deep conviction, though surely he must have had some. Certainly, he had the mark of one who could become a man of the people, for it was difficult for others not to flock to him and enjoy his steady, gregarious temperament. There was a measured and confident tone in his voice that allowed him to command and soothe the doubts of his audience. Accompanying the reassurance all felt in his presence, there existed too a sense of mischief to him that was equally disarming and even the elder priests seemed now and again to feign ignorance to his transgressions if only to gain his favor. 
“Indeed, there was a desire, even among adults, to be liked by the popular boy—a desire for understanding and acceptance that they had nurtured, years earlier, as children: one that continued to sway their actions even now. They could not help it, as it was a second chance to achieve social acceptance; the desire to do so was perhaps not unreasonable, considering that many in the cloth had wallowed for years in a duty-bound sludge of solitude, resigned to being pigeon-holed as loners and eccentrics by those who favored secular life to spirituality, yet disappointed, all the same, by the frail foundations upon which stood the few and fleeting personal associations they maintained which extended beyond the domain of their service to humanity. Many had chosen this life and believed in it deeply, but there existed also a sense of regret buried deep within many of them for the lost opportunity of experiencing a life uncloistered. Some rationalized this regret as a sign of weakness and craving, and flagellated themselves endlessly, whilst simultaneously viewing those with lesser fortitude with an obdurate contempt. Others looked for vicarious enjoyments through the triumphs and miseries of those who visited the temple. However they reacted to their loneliness, most of the priests, in any case, watched with a secret resentment as everyday people found misery in life experiences they could only dream of having. Yet, they received the actions of this boy differently—perhaps out of a deep desire to empathize with his impatience for this lifestyle. Again, this had much to do with their wish to gain his favor.
“And so, when the impish novice deserted his morning prayers and left the temple grounds to fly kites with the sons of a visiting merchant, his absence conveniently went unnoticed. And when he came back and smiled at the priests, they each delighted secretly in the radiance of his youthful immoderation; they admired it and wished dearly for his approval, as though they were on a similar or lower level. Yet, when other boys committed lesser violations, the priests felt a pang of injustice, for these unworthy brats were relishing in delights denied to all in the cloth. They did not admire or seek approval from such boys, the way they did from that charming lad. It was, thusly, only out of envy that the highest punishment was meted out to these other offenders, and a stern lecture given for transgressions described ‘unthinkable.’ 
“For this seeming favoritism, none of the boys were willing to fault this likeable young lad, as it seemed unwise to lose his favor; and those few reckless souls who said something calling attention to this inequity were unquestioningly excluded from the group. Even though there seemed no hierarchy involved, there could be no doubt that his influence and likeability earned this boy the informal position of leader. Yet, his attainment of this position did not appear to be completely without merit. Indeed, a boy like this could not know so well how to manipulate those around him without first being a keen observer of human nature. He seemed to have a preternatural understanding of the incentives driving the behaviors of those around him. Within the course of a five-second conversation, he had almost no difficulty ascertaining the internal drives and aspirations of his communicative counterpart. He knew immediately what behaviors would win his trust and what mode of speaking would motivate him to do as he willed. Yet, there was not even the slightest air of disingenuousness in how he went about this. There was something organic-seeming to this process of suggestion that could easily be confused for a childlike earnestness. Even if he did seem somewhat innocent, he always knew somehow what buttons to push and how long to wait to push them. He knew what truths to bend and in which direction they should be bent to serve his will best. 
“Perhaps this was what made him seem to the other boys such an effective leader. As you may know, it is said that children toil through their formative years to grow proficient in the art of manipulation, if for no other reason, than for the purpose of attending well to their own interests as they mature into adults; thusly, it is conceivable that, out of evolutionary instinct or biological predisposition, these children, too, subjugate themselves, wittingly or unwittingly, before those peers they perceive to have achieved mastery in these arts.”
“Meaning what exactly?”
“What I mean is: even though he was such an effective advocate for his own interests, the other boys still somehow felt indebted to him for his lack of indifference to their needs.” 
“Ah. So, they admired that he was self-interested, but not so self-absorbed as to forget them. He might have done well in politics.”
“Mmm…yes. A career in politics he might have had. Unfortunately, I have no way of knowing what truly became of him, for it is clear he is no longer of this religious order. Something must have happened that caused him to leave; however, I am not privy to such information. I only know what the O-bousan is remembering at this moment.”
“The popular boy who could do no wrong! ”
“The likeable lad frozen only in that moment. Yes, we know nothing else. And certainly, as you say, this boy could do no wrong in most people’s books. But of course, not everyone felt that way about him. Naturally, there were those immune to his charisma—and he quickly brushed off these miserable individuals as depressive masochists who would rather stick their heads in beehives and moan about the incessant stinging of the world than give in to what they perceived to be petty and ephemeral temptations.”
“So, he was OK with the other boys so long as they followed his lead.”
“Something like that. Yes. The behavior of the boys and the priests might strike you as strange.  And as you have doubtlessly surmised by now, there existed no shortage of contradictions circulating within and between the members of this holy order. They submitted to its rigors and prostrated themselves before its virtue; yet, most of them remained devoid of the willingness to believe that there existed a cosmic order with which this virtue should be inextricably bound. Perhaps, this was not an unusual distinction. Yet, it stands to reason that they were subscribing to a system of belief that did not sufficiently approach the nature of human existence, but rather persisted on its own as a kind of self-contained system of living—like a lone windowless building in the wilderness, isolated from other such structures, which, by dint of its peculiar insularity, stood monolithic and unassailable! And as I’m sure you’re aware, this is quite different from the face of the faith as it stands now—we could scarcely call it monolithic, but more inclusive and focused upon engaging the masses. 
“This aside, there were other contradictions to their behavior that are worthy of mention. They impugned the formless and innate goodness that the youngest novices brought with them to the temple; yet, at the same time, they placed a similar depth of conviction in the passages of scripture they were told to memorize. To them, this was the only truth that they were required to know, and there was no competing truth that was worthy of consideration—to think so would be to entertain, with equal weight, all that was, to them, arbitrary and untenable. Of course, these are not unusual contradictions, especially for those being indoctrinated in an organized faith as they were. If nothing else, it seems a testament to the double standards individuals in an organized faith are inclined to keep of themselves and others. Their judgment is less subject to reason than it is to circumstance and personal preference. And to some degree, this is influenced by self-interest as well.”
“So, you say that they are not driven by reason.”
“Well, they think they are, but they fail to see in what ways their reason is overcome by preference, passion and stubbornness. It is, perhaps, such a preference that renders the mind somewhat impressionable, and causes the perceptions of some to be influenced by those whom they respect and admire.”
“And so it was that this popular boy influenced the perception of the O-bousan?”
“Indeed he did. There is a vague episode in the memories of the dying O-bousan. He does not remember how this happened exactly, but he remembers this popular young lad looking upon the paper and declaring with some measure of confidence what he perceived of the image.”
“The High Priest standing over the infant.”
“Precisely so. And I do not know what the O-bousan’s image of that picture would have been without the influence of this nameless boy contaminating it. There could have been a pre-existing image that was influenced by the words of this boy; on the other hand, the words of the boy could have shaped the way he saw it before he had a real chance to craft his own conception of the picture. Nevertheless, to the O-bousan, on this dying day, this strange and fleeting episode seems to carry a great importance to him, as though it has defined the whole course of his life. It seems that his negotiation of the present reality is deeply influenced by that early shaping of this image.”
“But why was this image so important. Was it something he remembered often?”
“I believe not. In fact, upon seeing the picture, he realized that it had been many years since he’d even thought about it. Yet, he sensed that somewhere in his mind, there existed this ideal ontological conception with which it bore some linkage. It could very well be that the image he kept in his mind was his own, and that the charming boy—who, himself, was not inclined to heavy spiritual musing—had merely made an off-hand comment that had inadvertently and forever affected the way this image is now perceived. Such things have a tendency to happen, as I’m sure you are aware. These tiny jagged moments pierce the fabric of the eternal. And whether this perforation of the essential was for good or ill he could not know, and neither can we. Nevertheless, as a man breathes his final breaths, all he can afford to be is thankful for all the vistas which lay in retrospect—he can only carry in him a measure of gratitude for the landscapes traversed if he is, at all, to make peace with the paths he has chosen. And so it was that the O-bousan, too, could only assume that this episode had led him to what he perceived to be the most virtuous path for him. 
“In his heart, he hears now, as though down a vast corridor, a melody. His mind is less lucid than before—the memories are losing their crispness and fidelity. This melody slows until it hangs in his dome of mind like a singular note stretched and dissolving into static. Spiraling himself into ether, the O-bousan sees again before him the image of that young, popular boy against a backdrop of black—but now streaks and smudges are appearing across the child’s image and the lonesome wail of sound swells for a moment like a siren before it subsides, wrenching violently upon itself to volatile sourness. The sour tone hangs in air long enough to permeate it before the O-bousan senses it finally upon his palate. The sourness rises in both pitch and acridity, as each streak of color crisscrosses diagonally over the other—yellow, blue and brown mix to a hue lacking consistency, as though the image before him were a finger painting rendered by a child with little or no intentionality. With this messy portrait before him, he momentarily forgets what his friend had looked like, feeling instead a new preference—a vague sentimentality even!—for the smudged pastiche of colors looming in his mind’s eye. ‘Mmm-guh,’ he says as he struggles to gulp air. His eyes are tearing up; yet, internally, the neural signal of visual stimulus no longer reaches his brain. The sights, sounds and smells he registers now are only subject to the misfiring of synapses. He senses nothing of the room around him, but only the expanse of his existence: episodic, inconsistent and divorced from chronology—existing up until this moment and speculating confusedly beyond as though he could intuit all the inconceivable futures that could ever be. He feels odd groupings of emotions like mismatched flavors: humility and malice, relief and burden, compassion and trepidation. These strange flavors make only momentary sense as he sees strange episodes before him of his mother’s death. But this time she is a spider accidentally being stepped upon. Fragments of her exoskeleton crumble to combine with a sludge of the same consistency of the shaved pepper radish he ate often throughout his childhood. He feels relieved at the return to this childish joy, all the while, grief-stricken by his mother’s unlikely transformation. As the particles of pepper radish meet his palate, mostly he feels relieved of some nameless burden.
“The note swells again and he is moved with an inexplicable sense of recognition—the nature of association that might otherwise only occur subconsciously.  Is that the note he detects in the tone of his friend’s voice? Who was the friend again? He looks up through the darkness to see the High Priest towering over him. The man is gargantuan and indifferent to him—he must be at least 5 kilometers tall! The infant O-bousan looks up into the eyes of the aged cleric and sees a hardened gaze that seems to miss him, as one misses a speck of dust from afar. There is no malice in those eyes, but also no compassion. The O-bousan coos and hears momentarily a new melody. Something with a familiar tone.”
“The friend’s voice,” Didi interrupted.
“No. No, not that.”
“Then?”
“In our final moments,” the Beastslayer spoke deliberately, “we hear children’s songs. Lullabies. Melodies that soothed us in our youth from the frights accompanying long sleeps. In our early years, we learn soon the distinction between the conscious and subconscious universes; we come to recognize the uncertainty of dreams and fear the betrayal of even our most comforting thoughts. But our fears subside in the gentle tones of lullabies, and we understand somehow in the breathy, compassionate care with which these are sung that the fear is only temporary and that there is a loving embrace to which we might soon return. And so we loosen our grip on the semblances of conscious tangibility around us. And so it is with death as well: it is as though we are clinging to rocks against a mighty current. By force or will, we relent to the pull of the rapids and recede back through branching arroyos, plunging deeply inward through caverns, spiraling finally to an infinitesimal point. Why do we relent to these rapids? Because there exists at that moment—regardless of our religiosity—that whisper of hope for a similar loving embrace to which we might return. Externally, our bodies become still, our hearts cease to beat, the electrical activity in our brain pulses out to static. Internally, we descend to that point and keep descending. My dream ended and the O-bousan was still descending.”
The Beastslayer fell silent for a moment. Didi was about to open her mouth when he spoke suddenly again, “But this was not how he appeared to the others in the room. While all this was happening from the O-bousan’s perspective, in the room itself, his head had now fallen softly into your mother’s lap. She sat cross-legged on the floor, cradling his head. His arms and legs were splayed outward; his fingers were upturned toward the ceiling—even though in his mind’s eye, he continued to point at the picture, in actuality, he had ceased to do so after a mere split second. The picture itself had been caught up by a sudden current of wind from the whisking of robes this way and that. In fact, it had come to be buried under a pile of other papers. From my vantage point, I could no longer see it. There was, indeed, much distraction for the priests were scurrying about back and forth from this office, not quite knowing how best to handle this troubling situation. Someone apparently had called for a doctor, and she was on her way. There was some talk in the corner of the office, where two curtained sides met, about giving him a few sips of blue absinthe, as that seemed to bring O-bousan-8 out of his coma many years back. Some of the elders spared not a moment in denouncing this notion, insisting instead that the O-bousan must rest until the doctor arrived. In the meantime, if was to be given anything, it was powdered Magenta. This absurd notion sparked even more debate, punctuated by emphatic pointing in the direction of their ailing colleague. 
“Insensible to the state of frenzy around her, Yuri stroked at the O-bousan’s curled black hair, all the while hearing nothing and seeing little of the priests’ ceaseless movements. Though she knew not why, she felt compelled somehow to blow upon the dying cleric’s eyelids and sing sweetly to him as she once had to Bunnu and O. on those interminable winter eves, when it was all she could do to distract them from the terrific night-howls of the Karakaze. She momentarily fancied the thought of doing so now and almost even summoned the courage to follow through on this inclination, for her lips parted slightly and her lungs filled steadily with air, but then a wave of diffidence congealed like a thick, cool gelatin over her mind; powerless against this wave, she choked back this insistent predilection until it receded from the middle of her tongue, slithered back through the esophagus and returned whence it’d emerged in an arcane cul-de-sac somewhere in her gut. Though she’d felt a sudden desire to assuage his fears, she could not bring herself to do so—and perhaps this was out of little more than a sense of spiritual obligation to him than anything else. What he required, possibly, was not the soothing comfort that all would be fine and that someone should hereupon keep him in her wishes and prayers, but rather the ability to face the terminal truth of his existence on his own and unhindered by the petty assurances of the living. Nevertheless, her hands ran over his scalp and through his thick curls as the life seeped out of his body. Soon, she began to notice a cloud of black dust surrounding his head. She pulled away her hand and examined it; her palms now looked to be caked with some kind of soot. Apparently, he had been coloring his hair all these years with a dark powder that may indeed have been the black ash of incense—it seemed that, unbeknownst to all, his hair had been growing whiter and whiter over time. As she dusted away the black particles on his head, Yuri soon beheld brilliant patches of snowy white. She tried to sweep away the remaining bits of black, only to find herself unable to do so. There were, it seemed, dark particles resistant to brushing, which seemed to show a preference for the O-bousan, as though a strange and mutualistic relationship had, over these many years, taken shape between the adornments and the adorned. Whatever the case, it seemed fair to assume that the O-bousan had been coloring his hair in order to retain his youth—a strange decision indeed for a priest of this Order! Yuri noticed, too, that those rosy cheeks, which she had taken all this time to be naturally ruddy, were, in fact, a trick of cosmetics he had been applying to his face. She now heard priests whispering behind her of the red dye used for tilaka, as though they were speculating about the source of the red agent he had rubbed into his cheeks. There was a tone of severe disapproval in how this was said as though his demise was a trivial matter in the face of the sacrilege embodied in employing religious raw materials for worldly purposes. Tears seeped from the pinch of the O-bousan’s closed eyes and ran in channels that manifested cracks throughout the smooth beige foundation he had layered upon his face. This foundation, too, she had failed to notice previously. Streaks of black emerged in oily globules from the long strands of his eyelashes. The black globules burst upon contact with the melting foundation, and suddenly Yuri sensed a vast chasm opening up before her. The O-bousan’s face became a gaping crevice out of whose depths crept hitherto unseen natures of bestiality. In more tangible terms, from the chasms below his cheekbones, hundreds of tiny golden goblins emerged. They scurried out as though liberated from some impenetrable prison. Or perhaps not a prison, but a host—conceivably, he had been their host. It was difficult to say how they viewed the O-bousan, but surely he had been their place of dwelling. At any rate, as they climbed out of his body and ran down his chin to hop upon his neck and shoulders, Yuri could see that the little demons had eyes like frogs and proboscises like mosquitoes. Some walked on two legs, others on three—while some even hopped back and forth on one. Their arms—they each had two of these—were like the flippers of sea lions and she found herself imagining them swimming the interstices of his body—in areas yet unmarked by science. They emerged from this deep crevice in his face, which itself was now an ever-widening and inwardly collapsing hole, and they jumped free of his body before proceeding to run across the floor and between the feet of the dithering priests, who, for some peculiar reason, took no notice of them. Many jumped and pinched at the long robes and vestments with their wet flippers, starting a slow and slippery ascent, whilst others, possessed of more powerful hindlegs, sprang upwards to enter an ear hole or nostril of an unwitting cleric. Why did these men take no notice? Was Yuri imagining all this?”
“Was she?”
“Again, I don’t know.”
“But demons shooting up into people’s nostrils? You must have seen something!”
“I saw what she saw.”
“So, you saw the demons. Then it was real. It really happened!”
“Mmm. Yes, perhaps so. Fantastical though it may seem.”
“And through all this, the O-bousan lay unconscious?”
“From what I could see, yes. Remember that his face had melted away, so it is safe to say at this point that he would be capable of doing very little.”
“Yes, well-“
“Oh, but, well…yes. He did stand up after some time and walk about the room.”
“W-what? He stood up in spite of his melted face?”
“From what I could see, yes. An odd development—that. There was a moment amidst the chaos when he simply stood up like everything was OK. Melted face and all. And then while everyone stood there frozen in place, he hobbled about the room for about a minute or two, pausing only to fondle the breasts of a particularly overweight young priest by the name of O-bousan-189. He, then, stopped and appeared to double over laughing, although no sound or breath seemed to escape from him. In spite of it being a silent laugh, all in the room could envision somehow the stale lechery of an old dirty man. There was a new smell about the room, but I am still unable to place it. Nevertheless, the whole episode brought to mind a story I heard once from my uncle in Baba City about a special ward in the city sanitarium for men at varying levels of dementia. The ward was divided into subdivisions and the further one walked down the corridor, the more severe the case. It was said that a deliberate and mindful walk down the corridor would be sufficient for any trainee in this ward to understand the phases of mental decline for each section of the brain—each quadrant of the facility, that is. One could learn the sequence of progression, the nature of impairment afflicting that particular center of the brain over time, and the subtle changes in behavior that arose out of it—assuming some degree of ordinality between multiple centers. The facility had a complex layout with a series of hidden pathways and corridors between chambers that were not otherwise adjacent. And then, there was a circular room where many the main corridors finally converged. This was where we had the patients with overlap in impairments and we had the more catatonic of cases. Of course, this could only be in broad strokes, as each case is unique and, as everyone knows, no two specimens experience the progression of dementia in the same way. Nevertheless, there was the peeling away of that carefully constructed face that one has borne and layered over since one’s most formative years. The peeling away of layers, as though to reverse and undo all the faculties that the individual has developed over time. At some point in one’s walk through the ward, the suffering becomes unbearable, for the patients laugh and cry without knowing precisely why. They bawl and scream. They grope their attendants and splash them with urine from their bedpans, laughing at the visceral humor. If a glass falls from the table and shatters, they laugh at the suddenness of the sound and weep soon thereafter at its sharpness and at the entropy it creates. It is a harsh confusion of emotions, for fragments of their consciousnesses are missing, and their minds are scrambling to overcompensate unsuccessfully. It was such individuals in the throes of slow decline I thought of when watching the faceless O-bousan hobble about the room. Soon, however, the hobbling stopped and he stood in place swaying from side-to-side. Then, the O-bousan’s posture straightened one last time. He sputtered out one last wheezing laugh, and then he collapsed. The doctors say that his spirit departed before the body even hit the floor.”   
“And that was that?”
“That was that. Ah, we’re moving again.”
“Yes, we’ve been for some time now.”
The Accursed Lands

I.

The carriage pulled before the three-story pastry house and Didi climbed out. Turning around with the hope of bidding a proper goodbye to her companion, but seeing nothing through the carriage window save for the shadows now enshrouding his form, she settled instead on a silent nod and a mouthed ‘thank you.’ No sooner had she made this decision than she heard a brisk double-rap upon the ceiling of the compartment. This knock prompted a summary crack of the driver’s whip and an anxious jolt forward as though the horses sensed that there was a schedule to be maintained. Not a sound was uttered through all this, not even a whinny. And yet, this did not strike her as unusual, since, after the Beastslayer’s account of his dream, the remainder of the journey had proceeded on without a solitary noise except possibly for the steady clacking of hooves and the intermittent squeals of carriage axles. Quietude had seemed then a reasonable state for the hour of night and in that nether region of time one could as easily justify as ‘morning.’  Yet, the silence of the compartment had not caused significant discomfiture, as it seemed, by the time all that talk of dreams had ended, both occupants of the carriage had long since grown tired, and possibly even irritable at the prospect of staying awake any longer. She knew then, of course, that in spite of the calm of the compartment, it would be unwise to sleep, regardless of how safe and secure she felt in the presence of the Beastslayer. As she held off the advances of slumber, she tried, amidst the solitude that embraced her, to remember again the Beastslayer’s reasoning for having told her about his dream in the first place, but then realized that he’d had no particular motive except to gain clarity on her half-stepmother’s intentions—a matter for which she could certainly be of little assistance. Thus, the silence that persisted after his account of the dream made its own kind of sense. Still, she could not help but wonder at his true intentions. He was a peculiar man, this Beastslayer: she had felt comforted at times by his presence while they shared that compartment of the carriage; yet, now outside the compartment and in the gentle air of the summer night, she was happy to be free of the oppressive breath that hung about his person like some malodorous signature.
And happy more than anything to be free of all the people, this strange day, whose presence had filled her with a similar sense of dread. Was it their cynicism that had oppressed her so? She could not be sure.  
She felt so often confined, not only by spaces, but also by people. She wondered if it was reasonable to feel this way, or if, in fact, this was just how it was for everyone else too. Perhaps she was simply being selfish. She remembered the O-bousan’s words about how people like Bunnu and Yuri so often fashioned their own cages. Had she somehow resigned herself to a similar fate by coming to Bahlia in the first place? She could have gone any number of places upon leaving Vasalla. Yet, it seemed conceivable that the most pragmatic way for her to evade the dangers she faced from Anup and his menacing cohorts was to walk right into an open cage and let its heavy door slam shut behind her. It was a trade-off: she had relinquished her freedom for the sake of feeling safe and comfortable, and it seemed now that the costs greatly outweighed the benefits of doing so. But then, if not here, where else could she have gone? Was there a place where she would have felt less confined? Perhaps no safe place. She felt conflicted at this realization. She remembered now vaguely a fragment of self that had once been fearless, even daring—unflappable possibly at the slightest hint of danger. Now, she felt differently, possibly because she had so much more to lose. But then again, did she cherish this life of hers so deeply that she dared not risk it? 
Possibly. But possibly this was also the wrong way to think about it.
Something inside her could almost understand why Bunnu would run off in the evenings to watch the passing carriages on the highway. He was impatient for movement, but felt stuck in his cage. There was a restless desperation—a lack of practicality—to such an action, as though he compulsively sought after something no one could ever have.  In that sense, Bunnu was more of an idealist than she. Did this mean he was also less afraid? Less in touch with reality even?  The very notion of this now prompted in her a befuddled snicker. She had a half a mind to join him, and yet some part of her craved also the comforts of home. Bunnu, however, seemed just as happy not to return to the safe and the familiar. In fact, if he grew any more restless for motion, he might very well, one evening, grasp the sides of a passing carriage and make his way out of town and in the direction of something new and unknown. He was like an ape barreling out of the wild, coursing with the hormones of fidgety instinct, for he was most certainly now a Beast of relentless movement. Perhaps it was chiefly in this way that Didi differed from this quarter-brother of hers, who was now, and especially at this stage of adolescence, at the mercy of his own hormonal whims. There was conceivably in him a chemical predisposition toward restless exploration, possibly even towards disruption, though she was not sure in what form said disruption should be manifested. Nevertheless, it was difficult for her not to imagine him wreaking havoc on a town in a matter otherwise befitting of a raging baboon. 
She turned to the slumbering house and suddenly found herself wondering if Bunnu had returned safely. Most certainly, it would have taken less time for him to return on foot than it had for her by carriage. She could not imagine him having run into any trouble along the way. As accident prone and clumsy as he was, he seemed to be sure-footed in the darkness of the woods. She had no basis for thinking so, but sensed so in any case. 
The sky was now brightening on the horizon and she could make out the serrated plateaus of the nearby Absconditus-011235 range. This had been a long night most certainly—and yet it could not have been too terribly long, for the summer twilight was brief in its duration. The periods of darkness were indeed short enough that it was often reasonable for a sound sleeper to miss them altogether. Yet, it was strange to think that all these garbled episodes of night, coalescing misshapenly in memory, should have transpired over such a brief period of eve. She wondered momentarily if the passage of time had stalled at some point in the day, or if the curvature of Space-Time had elongated in some pockets, unbeknownst to all. Indeed, this would have seemed a kind of rebellion against the rigors of spatial-temporal expectation. Did Time perceive itself a slave? A slave of Space, perhaps—or maybe Time and Space both existed instead as slaves to some other supersedence either immune or external to their influence. Then was this act of slave’s rebellion an attempt on the part of Time to lash out against the parameters under which it had suffered inexorable subjugation since the Moment Zero Immemorial? It could very well have been that Time was operating under the self-conscious delusion that it was possessed of both the right and the privilege to exercise choice over how it was to be manifested and apportioned in the Universe—a conception as befuddling, most certainly, as the notion of self-determination for humans (what right had she or Bunnu or anyone at all to reject the conditions of home and family and of the positions reserved for them in this Universe, what right had they to seek dislodgement from the points in which they were fixed, for most certainly, to do so seemed tantamount to arguing against the integrity of one’s substance, to putting on airs even and seeking to be something one was clearly not?—for some reason, this got her thinking about the Untouchable once again). Surely, Time could only abide by its own essential nature, and for it to twist against its own source out of stubborn dissention would seem as ludicrous as a human suppressing his own hair growth for the sake of feckless protest—that is to say, it would achieve little at all, and moreover, for all the anguish it engendered, would amount to nothing more than an act of self-betrayal. Alternatively, it may well have been that time did not rebel at all, but proceeded rather in the manner expected of it, for perhaps instead there existed some agent in her bloodstream that had caused each perceived moment to extend beyond the realm of practicality. Maybe it was no grand rebellion on the part of Time, for indeed Time was far too noble a specimen to feel resentful of its role in the workings of this Universe. Yes, it must have been something she had eaten or drunk this night. What, indeed, had been in that wine?
The windows of the pastry house were now luminous with bright reflections of sky. No matter how she squinted, Didi found herself unable to see anything beyond the inverse likeness of stars melting into mists of dawnlight. Nevertheless, all the windows of the house were open a crack at the bottom, and just below each brilliant distraction was a gap of dark interior.  Naturally, it was still too early to make out whether anything was happening inside. Yet, she thought for a moment that she could detect movement through one of the window-cracks on the second floor. She sighed, praying for a moment that it was not Uncle Suneil—the lecherous husband of Yuri’s sister—spying on her. 
Then again, it could have been Aunt Nalini, the sister herself—the one who had grown so bewilderingly jealous over the leers paid toward this lustrous maiden that the anathemic specter had been forced from her sight. Didi’s breath faltered now at the thought of this sister. She suddenly felt nauseous. What would the old Aunty think if she saw her out in the street at this hour? Then, again, it may not have been her standing there at the window. In fact, it could have been Yuri—which was no less burdensome a prospect at this hour. Certainly, there would be questions about what sort of harlot stays out until the late hours of night. What sleazy establishments had she been frequenting? They would only need to stand in reasonable proximity to know that she had been drinking. They would smell the spirits and the wine on her. They would smell the smoke of pipes from the people who had surrounded her and take it to mean that she too had been indulging in the male tobacco. They would shake their heads at her lavish dress and sniff disapprovingly at her flowery perfume—both of which, of course, had been courtesy of Sanchez—and there would be no end to the terrifying speculation about her character! There could be no doubt that her past in Vasalla would be brought up—her life as a hostess, for it was a life of gender servitude from which she could never escape. There was no end to the shame, even from Yuri and her sister, who themselves, in their own time, had served as comfort women for occupying soldiers. But those were different times when they lived under different circumstances and there was no hope of her bringing this up, for it would be dismissed as irrelevant in the face of more pressing topics. “We’d had no choice,” they would maintain, as though the situation had been any different for Didi after her mother died and her half-father Guni disappeared. There was no dissolution for this palpable shame; she could never dodge the aspersions alluding to her low upbringing, to her appalling lack of character. Whenever Yuri corrected her and tried to instill in her the appropriate manners, it was difficult not to feel as though she were somehow being treated as a wild animal who knew no better. And it wasn’t just Yuri and her kin who shamed her this way. No matter how far she traveled from Vasalla, no matter how much time passed by, she was reminded constantly of her “checkered past” by her relatives and schoolmates. But now, and especially after this strange day, she felt something different. She felt so far away from that otherwise inextricable identity. If only that person at the window could be someone else besides Yuri and Nalini! She just could not handle the prospect of being dragged back in again by the feet and harnessed like some spirit-broken cur to that unrelenting wall of obdurate expectation, could not bear being shut away from this nascent and unrealized specter of self—faint in countenance, albeit resonant in aura—standing now just beyond arm’s length and at the very corner of her eye. An unrealized self in parallax: a vision crafted from within rather than a form fashioned from some pre-sculpted mold. To catch a glimpse, but then be denied a second look would simply have been too much for her to tolerate at this moment!
She could still hold out hope that it was someone innocuous standing there—like a servant…or Bunnu even! Surely he would have nothing to say to her about her nighttime excursion, for he barely spoke to her at all. There was no shame to be projected on him for leaving of course—at least no discernible shame. For Bunnu, his nighttime escapades were a source of concern; yet, for her, it was simply seen as reprehensible: the transgressions of a young lady of questionable integrity. She did not blame Bunnu for this hypocrisy, but she recognized it fully.
To say the least, the lateness of her return had been detected and it was difficult to imagine there being no repercussions. She reached the front door step and took a deep breath, preparing to turn the knob. She remembered standing here in the snow on her first arrival, waiting for someone to notice her outside. She wished suddenly that she could have that moment back. What was the name of that horse again—the one whom she had set free before coming here? She suddenly remembered that she had quite possibly seen the very same horse earlier in the night—that, in fact, this same horse had pulled the cart that led her back here. What a horrifying circular fate they both seemed to share! Yet, upon exiting the carriage, she had forgotten having recognized this horse, and she did not get a close enough second look to confirm her initial suspicions. She wondered suddenly if something critical had changed about her, inasmuch as she was unable to spare the time to consider these realities—the toil of the horse who had brought her here, the money tendered by other parties for her sustenance, the sacrifices made by her stepbrother O. for the sake of satisfying the debts she brought upon this household and family. How could she even think of her own freedom in the face of all this? And yet, there had been something about today, something beyond delight in discovering all these places and people who had existed beyond the cycle of her routines. It was nice to occupy spaces beyond the perimeters of those rooms within which she had otherwise been so utterly confined, to see the sun outdoors peeking between branches and leaves instead of through windows, to meet the great and wise Control Bear, his disciple and the subterranean costume designers for whom they served as gatekeepers, to witness the pretensions of a renowned artist and watch that same artist almost all at once be humbled before his own benefactor, to meet curious souls like Lustitar and the Beastslayer, who at once repulsed and attracted her—and who was that other?—and yes, of course, the Untouchable, that handsome fellow who was as close as any one of them at the party could get to being free of a master. It was this last gentleman that intrigued her most and if there was any reason to continue her association with Sanchez, it was he. She let this thought sit in her head as she opened the door to the home.
Creeping up the stairs, she saw the movement of shadows. Someone was likely awake and waiting to speak with her. Yet, upon reaching the hallway leading to her room, she saw no one there. She entered her room and, exhausted, fell forward upon her bed. She remembered now that she was still wearing the dress that had been sewn for her by Sanchez’s friend, Wilmina. There could be no doubt that this had cost Sanchez quite a bit of money, yet she had not the energy to remove it before sleeping. Her head touched the pillow and she drifted off. 

II.

Soon, she was awake again, and though she could not be certain how long she’d actually been unconscious, she judged from the relative brightness of her room that a very negligible amount of time had passed. Microseconds maybe! And now, unfortunately, she had to contend with the likelihood that she’d be unable to fall sleep again, no matter how drowsy she felt. She knew this scenario all too well, as it was common for her to lie awake in bed in the summertime. Sometimes it was the humidity that kept her awake, and, at others, the excessive sunlight. Occasionally, it came as a result of some event or phenomenon that caused her to feel depression, frustration or exhilaration—or even a potent mixture of the three. And so, with a fatigued yet agitated expiration of sleepless breath, she rolled over in her bed only to find a peculiar figure now hunching at her doorway.
It was Rakesh-7. The Outlander.
“Uncle,” she squeaked with an incredulous gasp. “I-I’m surprised to see you down here!” As far as she knew, the old man had not left that space in his attic for close to 30 years. Perhaps this was the person she had seen through the crack in the second-floor window earlier on.
In response to her words, the Outlander said nothing at all. His eyes were focused intently in her direction, but she wondered for a moment if he was actually paying attention to where his gaze happened to be fixed. It was not completely inconceivable for him to be looking at her, whilst perseverating on something or someone else. She paused before saying, “He…He’s not back yet, is he?”
He must be looking for Bunnu, she thought to herself.
Yet, Rakesh-7 showed no indications of having heard her. His bony frame drooped sideways against the doorframe, and he craned his neck uncomfortably back for a second to peer down the hallway behind him with eyes that, in this light, glimmered reptilian. His crackling gray tongue darted out twice in a similar fashion to a clumsy serpent before his head swiveled back, arcing his gaze violently downward as though snapping at the recoil of an elastic band attached to his toes. It was often in this swift and dramatic fashion that his head would flick and bob as he plunged himself headlong into that swirling reservoir of cogitation. 
“Are you unwell? Not OK? Unwell but OK? Well, but not OK?” he whispered suddenly in a raspy voice. She jumped at this. In most other circumstances, she might have been threatened by the presence of a man at her doorway, but she knew the Outlander to be completely harmless, and so of no immediate danger. He looked more like some unwieldy domestic pet—and a squirrelly one at that!—than a man of any measure. He may have had poor hygiene, but there was not an aggressive particle to him: that was for certain. But what was he trying to say? Was he speaking to her? He was looking in her general direction, but from his downward gaze, she still could not be sure whether or not he was speaking to her. If so, this was possibly the first time he had so much as acknowledged her—at least as far as she could remember. There may have been a few times in the past in which he had muttered about something or the other unrelated in her presence, though she could never tell if any of those strewn about syllables were directed at her, or if they pursued, in however disorderly a manner, a response from anyone at all. He was a private man, Rakesh-7—indeed a mutterer who lived primarily in his own head. In the past, she had erred in favor of not interrupting his musings, for remaining silent and causing him the least perturbation possible seemed the most reasonable way to avoid currying his disdain. Moreover, meek silence was the only appropriate response to an elder available for a girl of her years. A young woman was not to rock the boat, for she was to be as innocuous and unobtrusive as possible—or so she had recently been groomed to think. Sure, expectations had been different for her when she’d worked as a hostess for saloon patrons in Vasalla, where she was expected to entertain and even put on certain coquettish affectations, but here among civilized and pleasant society—amongst Aunties and Uncles who sat and drank tea from cups that sat on doilies in the safe comforts of home—a young girl like her was expected to be physically and spiritually chaste, and she was—whether genuinely so or otherwise—to affect a mildness in temperament and a tenderness in demeanor. Certainly, the older generations, especially, held certain requirements of behavior and it was only reasonable—although not necessarily so in other cultures outside of Bahlia, she had heard—for the youngers to cater to the values and whims of their elders. Bearing this in mind, she continually made a conscious attempt to ensure that her behavior was appropriate and suitable for a girl of her age; often, she did so for the sake of showing respect to the elder Outlander, but, in spite of this, he had never given her the time of day; she could not know for sure whether or not he approved of this behavior or not. Perhaps, she was doing a poor job of it. Or maybe, on the other hand, he disapproved of her silent meekness. Conceivably, he was not impressed by such pretensions. Having observed his fits of impropriety on numerous occasions, it did not seem excessive for this to be the case. 
“A last possibility would be both well and OK,” the Outlander proffered. “The best situation for any most certainly.” Even now, as he spoke to her, she vacillated as to the wisest recourse. She looked upon his frail, wiry frame. Those tattered pajamas she had never seen him once change—the Outlander had a washbasin in his room refilled by the servants with fresh water daily, but did he even bathe? That stern look with the perpetual deep creases in a triangle between his eyebrows. That long scraggly beard! Those long, filthy nails as though he had been locked in a prison cell for years without human contact and had spent all his time clawing like some animal at the walls. And when he spoke, it was either in an oppressive and invidious mumble or in an excruciating screech of exasperation—in which case, he was mostly expressing something of astronomical importance to anyone who would listen: he did not care who. Right now, he seemed somewhere in between these two extremes, for it was rare that his words should be so quiet, yet so intelligible at the same time. Certainly, he could not have been asking her if she was OK. Perhaps, he was simply speaking to himself again. Or, maybe he was practicing saying this for later when Bunnu returned. Or, maybe he was even reliving a situation that had long passed and was stuck in that moment of—
“Have you no tongue?” he promptly demanded. She jumped at this and tears came immediately to her eyes. Seeing this, his head tilted back and he released a resounding cackle. “One needs not a tongue. No vocal chords most certainly! HAAAH!” Her breath stopped at this—surely this racket would wake the whole house. And yet, not a single movement or response. Typically, it was Yuri who was the lightest sleeper. She was so high-strung it was hard to imagine her sleeping at all. The slightest squeak of a floorboard would wake her and send her into hysterics. And it was possibly only because of her hypersensitivity to sounds at night and her inability to sleep once awakened that Bunnu had managed to hone his aptitude for movement by stealth.
“Uncle, I-“
“When the youngest left…” he said thoughtfully, “The weird ball. What’s his…its—what’s the name again?”
“O.”
“Aye, O., the silvery lad. O…. O…. O…. what a ridiculous name! HAH! Young girl, when you become an old man like me—not that I expect that you should grow from a young girl into an old man—but when you become an old horse, you’ll only feel as though you’ve known everybody for a short time. Even the ones who didn’t feed you sugar cubes—indeed! You’re not wrong either. In the larger scale of your existence, this association occupies a very tiny increment, albeit not insignificant. At any rate, I remember when he—it?—when ‘he-it’ was taken away by those beards with men attached, it was natural for many in the town to assume that it was the unsettled burden of debt that prompted this repossession. Or so they said. They said it was Guni’s debt that you brought with you. Not true, I say! You…you…you. I forget your name also but it matters not. It was not the debt at all. The matter’s more complicated as you’ll see. But of course that’s not what they say. Yet it’s all a silly presumption. Silly, most certainly, but nevertheless…”
“But how could you know them to be saying this, Uncle? And how could you know what you say to be true? For you never leave this home…”
“From those jabbering pests who scurry about in here,” he voiced with mocking incredulity. “Those vermin gossip among themselves while they wait for their turn to see me. I cannot help but overhear things.” She knew that the Outlander was not talking about insects, reptiles or rodents when he said this; clearly, he was referring to the hordes of needy townspeople who had recently come to seek his counsel several times a day, and who would not now spare him a moment’s peace. In fact, she was surprised that there weren’t a few already lining up outside the house even at this early hour. Apparently, and in spite of his continued protests, Rakesh-7 had come to be seen in the town as a kind of mystic, but only by dint of his reclusion. It all started with the servants of this house, who had only come to work here within the previous 18 months. They were refugees from the war zones to the southwest and to the far North. There were six or seven of them, but between them they spoke a dozen languages—mostly village dialects—none of which seemed to intersect with the others. And not a one of them spoke the common tongues of the Republic, though a couple of them had, in fact, been rather accomplished engineers in their indigenous communities. Of course, this was before the warlords had begun their purge of intellectuals and religious minorities. 
To be sure, the battles were still ongoing between the Republic and the warlords, but very little headway was being made. At best, it was an intractable conflict. Thus, the dread and despair that had befallen these lands brought, in the direction of Bahlia and its surrounding territories, large masses of migrants of various ethnicities, religions and social backgrounds, looking for any kind of work that could sustain them and give them even a temporary foothold away from the madness that had befallen their lands. In spite of the apparent diversity in backgrounds among the some 12,000 refugees who had now come to settle in Bahlia, the majority of the domestic servants of Didi’s household had been villagers from small communities who had migrated away from their shamans, and who now—in the absence of an otherwise structured ethos—looked apparently for even the smallest sign of otherworldly spiritual guidance around which the rituals of their tribe still made a kind of sense. It only took them mere moments to witness the similarities between the hermit-like tendencies of the Outlander and those of their shamans for the servants of this house to declare him a kind of unrecognized mystic. Moreover, the physical presence and irascible nature of Rakesh-7 further succeeded in winning the devotion of the old ladies who emptied his litter box and refilled his water buckets and washbasins, though he asked them to do no such thing. 
And even when their duties in the attic were completed, the servants lingered lastingly—feigning the motions of tidying by sliding one cushion here or sweeping a shadowy corner there—to behold the intricate numerological charts he had posted on his wall, some of which had been rendered hastily in Magenta Chutney upon dense beige cardstock; in this tangled weaving of vectors, numerals, matrices and esoteric symbols heretofore unseen, they perceived sufficient authority, discipline and mystery that his self-devised system should easily resonate with their own traditions and rituals. Certainly, there could be no doubt to them that he was a seer and that he could wield the tools of numerology not only to prognosticate, but also further influence the fates of those who came within his proximity, assuming they either succeeded in gaining his favor, or otherwise enraged him to the point of malice. There seemed, in addition to the supernatural aspect of his presence, an added spiritual character that seemed to elude their comprehension. It was perhaps because of his lifestyle, which struck them as austere and disinclined to superfluous banality. To wit, he nibbled only twice daily on bits of bread. He wasted nothing, and grew irritable if he was given anything more than he expected (one particularly generous servant had taken quite a liking to him and offered some sweets that she’d used half her wages to buy—unfortunately, this prompted from him a string of expletives that reduced her to tears and only magnified the fearful regard the servants held for him). 
News of this hidden mystic spread quickly throughout the three refugee camps situated deep in the Marshlands. The foreign service officers, who had been dispatched from Malion City to Bahlia to administrate the camps, also caught wind of this talk of the Attic Shaman and whispers proliferated even within the halls of central offices inside of their Foreign Ministry. In short order, the house came to be besieged by titular councilors, grayfaced rubber stampers and spectral auditors, some of whom had been sent on official business from Malion City to monitor, certify and enforce protocols upon the visits with Rakesh-7, others of whom had otherwise besought him for personal advice (off-the-record naturally) on how they might advance their careers or appease their shrewish wives who beat them mercilessly once a fortnight or more. Some visited accompanied by their wives, children and curious neighbors. Some even brought rival sages and seers, who either watched with abundant interest or dissected and disputed every word that left the Outlander’s mouth. 
He did not enjoy the attention in the slightest; however, this aversion did not diminish his willingness to unleash his pronouncements upon all who would listen, as though he were thinking aloud about the topic at hand and all within earshot were relegated to listening by mere circumstance of proximity. He did not shy away either from the numerological predictions, as he secretly delighted in the fact that these vermin took his self-devised system of astrology seriously. That is to say, the numerological chart had merely been composed in an act of derangement—he had emerged from a Magenta-induced hangover one morning to find the ridiculous chart with his own handwriting posted on the wall. He could not remember having made it and eventually refused to entertain the possibility that it had manifested itself out of anything remotely spiritual—likely, in his Magenta-fueled intoxication, his drunken self had decided to play a trick on his sober self. This inebriated persona was given to such mischief, as he remained always acutely aware of his own propensity to black out. Thus, there could be no doubting the amusement that should be derived at the prospect of convincing his sober self that he had inadvertently departed on a vision quest and returned with a mystical code useful in interpreting the course of human events. However, his sober self was well too wise to be so outsmarted. Admittedly, its first inclination had been to believe naively that the chart depicted an authentic codification of human events, but as the grogginess subsided, the Outlander began to laugh at his own foolishness, for certainly the spin and trajectory of human events was just as predictable and significant within the larger workings of the Universe as that of subatomic particles within the larger macromolecule—for all was conditional on probabilities and atmospheric dynamics and, in spite of this, the grander mechanisms could only remain insensible and indifferent to all that was ultimately negligible to the vaster collisions of ontological consequence. Yet, the strange visitors who came to see him were not convinced of the insignificance of their existences, and so he told them whatever little was necessary in order for them to go away. Sometimes, he did not even speak in the language of the person consulting him, and a few wild gestures in conjunction with bird song became sufficient to do the trick, and the consultee in question would walk away sated somehow by the presumption that he had partaken in some esoteric incantation that would ensure whatever prosperity he sought.
“They are not truth-seekers…” Rakesh-7 concluded to Didi now. 
“Well, they just want answers,” Didi responded. “They are curious. Like Bunnu…” she did not know why she felt compelled to mention Bunnu just now.
“The boy…” he said wistfully as though mourning someone who had already departed.
“Are you worried about him?” Didi asked. There was probably no need to ask this. She knew that everyone was concerned for Bunnu’s wellbeing; yet, no one seemed to be saying so as though it were some nameless burden. She just wanted to hear one person actually express worry for him. Perhaps, this lack of vocality arose out of a seeming paucity of information with respect to the goings-on in Bunnu’s life. What, after all, was one to worry over with so little to work with? The most she had heard about him of late came through a series of brief updates she’d been given a few months earlier by a boy servant from a neighboring household with whom she had struck up a friendly acquaintance. 

III.

He was a refugee child slightly older than Bunnu—a skinny, mild-mannered lad, whose name was unfortunately as unpronounceable as his country, but who seemed to speak the Bahlian dialect more fluently than any other refugee servants she had encountered. This waifish white-haired boy had once been himself an introverted and inquisitive type in his own village just as Bunnu was now—or at least, so this lad had professed himself to be to Didi. She’d suspected at the time that this servant held, in spite of his bashful-seeming façade, some immoderate affinity for her—not a romantic one, so much as an apparent desire to forge with her a kind of surrogate siblinghood. At times, it even seemed like he had an agenda, as he never faltered at the prospect of holding aloft in the air some subtle criticism that would, somehow of its own accord, drift gently in the direction of her real-life quarter brother. It was as though he saw Bunnu as a competitor for her attentions, which was, indeed, a bizarre prospect given the stark disparity in roles the two occupied in her life. 
He was insensible to this difference, it seemed, and for all his meek charm, his attempts to gain her favor remained surprisingly persistent. To wit, he’d hinted to her with some oblique incisiveness that the key difference between him and her real quarter-brother was that while he very much enjoyed going to school and yearned to do the same in Bahlia, Bunnu seemed to go to extraordinary lengths to avoid attending. He confessed a disappointment and perplexity at this. “But why nooo school? I want go, but nooo can. He nooo interest?” It was a naïve-sounding, albeit accusatory thing to say about someone he barely knew—especially taking into account the fact that he was merely a servant of a neighboring household, and not Bunnu’s social equal. It was difficult for him, perhaps, to understand that the social status he had borne in his previous circumstances had no immediate translation in the setting he occupied now—no value, to say the least. Now, he was, very much like his erstwhile social lessers, a member of the serving class. There was, thusly, a new decorum to observe, that he, in his youth and relative inexperience, likely did not yet understand. 
Didi, however, bore no umbrage at his breaches of protocol, for certainly, she was willing to hear any kind of news on the activities of her brother. So, whenever she encountered the boy in the marketplace, she dismissed his peculiar overtures for attention, and used the opportunity instead to inquire as to whether or not he had seen anything that could somehow further her understanding of what was going on with her brother. Unfortunately for her, the boy’s knowledge seemed limited only to the fact of Bunnu’s truancy, and never extended so far as to provide sufficient insight into the methods or motives surrounding the escape itself. Apparently, he never seemed to succeed in ascertaining these details, for the very fact of Bunnu’s absence from school seemed to paralyze him so very much that he could only ask ‘why’ and ‘how’ vacantly and without much hope for an answer, as though he were uttering these strange syllables underwater. Didi took his dumbfoundedness in earnest, and for a long time, there was little else to report beyond what was already understood. Her inquiries about Bunnu soon devolved into a kind of perfunctory greeting equivalent perhaps to a nod of acknowledgement. And eventually, she stopped speaking to this servant boy altogether, much to his chagrin. 
In fact, this matter related to Bunnu’s school attendance would likely have fizzled out altogether if Yuri hadn’t, in a moment of panicked shorthandedness, hired the servant boy out for the day from their neighbor and instructed him to visit the school and fetch her son so that he may be properly bathed and clothed in time for a dinner party she was hosting that evening for some clients of her brother-in-law. Pleased with an appointment of such import, the young servant boy shuffled off the sun-drenched balcony of his employers’ estate posthaste and poured down the three stories of iron staircase before scampering over the steaming imperial yellow pavement between the verdant sheens of tall-stalked rice paddies and in the direction of that ancient school, gleeful at this unexpected abrogation of daily mundanity and eager indeed to indulge in the flavor of a greater refinement to which he, in his yet short life, had only heard about but had never had occasion to experience. 
What would the schoolboys of this respectable institution be like? Would they be well-mannered and cosmopolitan and talk knowledgeably even about the larger scale political affairs of far away nations? Could they even be well versed in the factors governing the forced displacement of the people from his village? 
After all, there seemed to be a misconception among the elders of this town that all refugees were from the same ‘country’ as he—it was somehow easier to conflate the tribal villages, even those with whom they warred, into a cohesive identity and a nation-state. But surely the sophisticated and well-traveled missionaries of this school would know better and would make sure that the younger generation could pierce through the numbing generalities that otherwise afflicted their townspeople. The priests of this order would certainly have visited the region often enough to inculcate in their pupils an appreciation of the differences between one clan and another. These children were being prepared to serve causes higher than themselves, and it could certainly be said, that, at least in small measure, hope for his people will have had its seeds here. 
These students, he imagined, would be future men of the world who would dedicate their lives to responsible citizenry, commerce and service to their society and for the civil betterment of humanity. They will recognize injustice from afar and devote their energies to righting the wrongs that they see. And one day, through the fruit of their efforts, the warlords who had arrogated his lands will themselves be displaced, and he will be able to return to life as it had been and as he remembered it. And so will his parents and brothers—assuming they were still alive and well. 
His head was dizzy with notions of how things would be upon his return as he proceeded in the direction of the fortress-like Bahlian hawza, marveling all the while at how regal it looked in comparison to the rickety village schools he’d once attended. Maybe they could build a school like the one here in his village when he returns. All they needed was a little more organization. More resources maybe. The people here at this school could help in its construction. 
Deep in his heart he had a feeling that the salvation of his clan would be forthcoming. It would grow out of this high-minded institution. He wondered briefly what wise and generous notions the priests may have arrived upon in the serenity of their cloister and through the craft of their ceaseless cogitations, and what greatness was being sculpted within the walls of this seminary through the benefit of the clergymen’s energy and commitment. He was enthusiastic, at the very least, for a glimpse of such philosophical and intellectual grandeur. 
As he entered the gates and drew closer, his heart skipped a beat. The courtyard was vast and spacious and the school was composed of four main buildings set in a trapezoidal configuration upon flagstones. The construction was simple and traditional—all of the buildings were of an austere white and brown. There was a sincere and imposing quality to the use of space on these grounds. The robustness of the building design and the dismal mudtones pervading them aroused within him a deep humility and a heartfelt reverence. It was a most noble display. An earnest one. This school, he’d heard, was one of the oldest buildings in town, but it was more authentic, more intimidating in its stately plainness than the newer, more ornate structures that housed the centers of political, financial and intellectual power in Bahlia—the new legislative houses, the banks and even the new private academy built for the children of visiting statesmen and civil servants from Malion City. 
Certainly, this hawza would have small classrooms and the building, even with its traditional thatched roofs that were centuries old, would surely be in better repair than the learning facility he had occupied previously—which was not so much a building as it was a tent. In his former school, there were no outhouses, much less a system of plumbing and sewers as they had here. Students would frequently run barefoot out of the tents in the direction of the insect and bacteria-infested ditches to defecate openly and in plain view of their classmates who were only told to avert their eyes as if this were sufficient privacy. Many of the children only stayed for a year or two before being pulled away for household duties or work—if they were not otherwise getting recruited into street gangs or militias. Of course, these were generally the children whose parents cared little for schooling anyway. They were the malnourished and unfocused ones—susceptible it seemed to the least diversion (in that sense, he had been rather lucky by comparison, for his family had been of a higher status in the tribe). At this Bahlian hawza there would be no issues of this sort. The value of education here was apparent to all—parents, students, teachers and the surrounding society. The building structure would be sound. It would surely have indoor plumbing and would be safe against the sorts of criminals, thugs and militants who often wandered into his school tents bearing weapons and kidnapping children. 
And he was pleased to see, upon arriving, that he was not incorrect in his assumptions. As he crossed the courtyard and entered the big doors of the main building, he noticed right away that the classrooms were quite small with maybe 25-35 students per room. The décor was stoic and simple as would befit an austere institution of learning. He overheard someone mention to a visiting parent that there was an immense domed library in the Eastern Quadrant beyond the walls of the courtyard with three priests presiding, as caretakers, over the annals of human knowledge, over all those wonderful fruits of exploration that lay within grasp. How he would have liked to speak with those librarians and to sit in that library and glance over those manuscripts even in the stagnant air of summer. 
Maybe his chance to examine these treasures would come later. But first, he had to find Bunnu. He walked about the school aimlessly. He made a few wrong turns before finally locating the administrative offices. He told the elderly recordkeeper that he was there to retrieve Bunnu for his family. He gave the family name, which in spite of his mispronunciation, managed to strike a bell of recognition in one of the apprentices, who hastily dug a carbon paper sheet out from a tiny drawer and pointed the boy in the right direction. 
Hearing the raucous echoes of the boys’ voices as he walked the halls, he marveled at the seeming elegance these surroundings gave to sounds which, in many ways, seemed similar to the sort he might have heard in his own village. There was a greater dignity to it now and certainly the gravitas of the learning environment and its infrastructure made even the youthful exuberance seem almost majestic. This thought only stayed with him, however, until he opened the door to Bunnu’s classroom, for certainly the spectacle he came to see was one so vulgar and affrontive as to be beyond pronouncement. 
And so it was that, later in the day, upon returning from the school unsuccessful in his mission, the boy returned to Didi, his face pallid and his expression dejected. She asked him what had happened. “’Is horrible place, Ma’am Sahib! I nooo go back!” he proclaimed, as if that first glamorous impression had simply vanished from mind. 
Why so, Didi had inquired in response to this. “So much wealth, so much book…but nooo learn there. Teacher teachering but the boys nooo listen. Nooo chair sitting. All boys hungry and thirsty and bored and restless and tired and feet on desks and smoking tobacco and writhing on floor and puking and sad and drinking whisky and farting and sick and they have to go to restroom all the time and worry about failing and upset with family and laughing at weakling and fight each other and so violently lonely. Sir Jee’s back turns and he writing with chalk and they are all up on chairs and climbing the walls and hanging from rafters and tearing books apart and lighting pages to fire and he sees nothing. Choose nooo seeing maybe. Others escaping through windows. One craps in the corner and putting it in sack he flings at others who laugh. This is religious school, but nooo order and Sir Jee is gentle aging priest who know nooo discipline way. Tired of life. Old veteran, forgotten wars. Spirit drained of conflict. He avoid all potential pain. Very different my school. Sir Jee at my school very strict. We were 200 students and only one Sir Jee and there were adults and babies in same classroom. Nooo chair sitting, only floor sitting. In the spring, outside tent, they slaughter Woolly Crocodiles for furs and the bleating is loud. We nooo hear Sir Jee. But we respect Sir Jee. Here only restless boys. Only wild, wasteful souls. Bunnu leave is good. School look nice. But students nooo appreciation. Wasteful. Village school unsafe, unclean but still better. We had nothing. But we want learn. That library…” A tear came to his eye as he said this with a hint of mad, stupid yearning. 
Didi, taken aback and thoroughly distraught by this stinging revelation, conveyed the boy’s message to Yuri, who, in her preoccupation with her visiting family, only seemed to catch the part that Bunnu was nowhere to be found. She didn’t seem to pay attention to the rest and mumbled in annoyance to herself something about ‘that idiot Raju’ before walking off. 
Didi, meanwhile, had been left pondering what exactly Bunnu had been exposed to and what had caused him to leave his classroom. He’d always had trouble with his schoolmates bullying him, but now they were at the adolescent phase of development in which the destruction of the world around them seemed almost a prerequisite rite in the concretization of Self. Perhaps it was getting worse. More violent even. Was it all a bit much for Bunnu to take? But now, he was even out nights. And wasn’t he now on a Football team? So, maybe he had friends, but not in school. 
It was hard to say what underlay all of this. It wasn’t just the school though. It couldn't have been. If this restlessness wasn’t solely a symptom of his schooling, perhaps then there was also something to be said about the sweltering and hazy air of summer that increased the rate of his chemical reactions, the impulses of his movement. There was an impatient reactionary quality—a primacy for feeling—imbuing all action in the summertime. It was the stirrings of emotions caused by the heavy, stagnant air that drove impetuousness and thwarted any intellectual process by which movement could be guided. The accelerated movement of compulsion, the restlessness and the deprivation of reason behind behavior all comprised a dizzying cocktail of aggressive action. 
Bunnu was likely agitated in the throes of these and other fierce mutinies upon the rational will, not the least of which was this age in which most certainly his hormones were driving his impulses and behaviors. There came with it the desire to tear this world to its tiniest fragments, to chew up these fragments and to spit them out with foul distaste. It was the beginning of the desire to create something new: the energy was there, but the skill was lacking. The excess vitality could only, then, be turned toward evasion and destruction. It was a harsh feeling to deal with by oneself and out in the abject streets of that world which often seemed so unforgiving. 
She had wondered and worried often that he could not be brought back to a state of calm and rationality, and explore, as he had previously, the world around him from the safe enclosed space of the attic, where he had full access to the library and the notions of the Outlander. He had once relished in the time he spent shut up in the attic—especially in the winter as the beating of the sun upon the roof lent a warm coziness to the room. He would stay there for hours—and might have stayed for days if Yuri had let him. He loved being closed in and saw fit only to go off a short distance when he did explore. The attic was his center—the base he always returned to, or at least that’s how she remembered it. But, perhaps, that phase of his life was over. And perhaps it was not so for her. And it was quite possible that she felt all the more closed in by the rooms she was made to occupy now because it was no longer an internment they shared. She was now the lone inmate that he had left behind. Could it have been that her concern over Bunnu’s wellbeing now had originated only out of her own curiosity and self-interest? Maybe even out of a kind of jealousy? The prospect of this bothered her, for it called into question the genuine intention behind any and all of her feelings. How could she know that anything she felt was not without ulterior motive? Maybe in some ways she was very much like this refugee boy, who seemed to profess a desire to be helpful, but clearly had other motives unknown even possibly to himself. 
No altruistic inclination, it seemed to her, was sacrosanct against the incursion of self-serving tendencies.

IV.

“You worry about him…” the Outlander remarked, interrupting her runaway musings, “…about the boy…but not about yourself?” She did not understand his purpose in asking this. Could he have known what she was thinking?
“I am…fine,” she said slowly. 
“Fine and well and OK,” the Outlander concluded. “He is to be worried about and not you, for you are fine and well and OK! Tis a sacred truth—that! Tis a truth I would carve into the sides of mountains, paint in the flesh depths of Esophageal Caverns, inscribe into the bones of my ancestors; tis such a truth worth rendering indelibly though posterity should lack the capacity and will to read it. Fine and well and ok!”
Didi froze. A tear came to her eye. She did not know what to say to this. 
She was not fine, but she knew not how to convey otherwise.
The O-bousan continued, “Yours is a common lament. There is no answer to such hushed anguish, to the deep desire not to be a burden to others. Everyone speaks to you and for you, but no one listens. I am doing the same right now! You’ll find no answers! Who wants an answer anyway?” He paused as his eyes went Elsewhere. His mouth hung open uncharacteristically in an odd moment of hesitation.
But then he spoke: “I dreamt one night that I stood before the Conjurer of All. I do not know if this Conjurer was God, per se, but let us entertain the possibility that there exists, at least encoded in the patterned mechanisms of the human mind, a necessary and indelible embodiment therein that is simultaneously the Creator of the Universe and the Forger of All Things Within It—The Knower of All there is to Know, to say the least. I stood uncomfortably before such an entity and this Conjurer spoke thus, ‘Seeker of Truth!’ His words were oppressive, yet assuring, ‘Now it can all be told! Now you may have all the answers you seek. All the answers of the Universe!’ This proclamation only satisfied me briefly, for I almost immediately found myself responding, ‘Dear Conjurer, I do not wish to sound ungrateful, but instead of all the answers, may I not have more questions? An endless supply even? For all else would seem insufficient. I could never face a world that lacked mystery.’ The Maker laughed as though I had told the only joke in the Universe in which he could find humor. I awoke immediately, out of breath, for I, too, had been laughing.”
Didi was suddenly frightened. She did not know why.
“The boy will be fine. There is no form of captivity that can trap a person so inclined to question. The moping boy, the moping boy, the moping boy! He is fine and well and OK. He is not anguished—he just sees the Mumta as something more than a food source. He wonders at the necessity of our cannibalism. He wonders enough to raise the eyebrows of all around him. Perhaps, he made the mistake of communicating with his food at a young age and it changed him forever—you weren’t there that day, so you wouldn’t remember his first experience with the Mumta.”
Didi was silent for a moment. Then, she said, “He runs away every day. I don’t know whom he spends his time with and whether or not they are putting him up to all kinds of rottenness. Breaking windows, setting fires—that sort of thing.”
“Aye, run away he surely does. But about any acts of destruction on his part, I can say nothing for certain. Are you sure Bunnu’s involved with that? In any case, this is no matter worth worrying over, for such is the tendency of youth: to shatter the façade—though not the foundations—of the imperfect world upon which it casts its ephemeral shadow, a world it wishes not to accept, but one for which it has not yet devised a reasonable solution, nor a suitable replacement. The only option for such a youth is helpless retreat and petty vandalism—just enough to make no lasting dent on the reality he occupies. I was very much the same at his age—relatives all around always imploring me to speak up more, for they enjoyed very much my playful ways when I was not otherwise shy and melancholy. Every moment with my aunts and uncles was for me a moment in captivity. I fancied escape more than anything else. Once I would take flight, the act of departure would be all that mattered—it would be constant and there would be no destination, other than that which was temporary. And, at times, I, too, would seek to scratch away at my surroundings like some houseshrew clawing at the walls of domestication. I regretted those transgressions then, but understand better the cause now. I was restless for movement, but no matter where I went, I could do little to suppress my immediate distaste for all that surrounded me. My vandalism was an act of rejection, for there could be no truer self-preservation in a reality commanding unqualified and unquestioning acceptance. There would be those who sought to anchor to me to a place and time, but there was no doubt in my mind that if I had my way, there could be no prison made that would hold me—none that I couldn’t escape, and so I took every opportunity to flee from my confinement. At first, it was a cycle of running away and coming back home. But one day, I just kept running. And so began my wanderings…”
Didi’s jaw fell open.  “But…b-but, now you’re… you are….” She just couldn’t seem to put into words what she wanted to say now to this purported wanderer who had been occupying the same room in the same house for decades.
“Hah!” was his response, as though he were deriving great pleasure from her bewilderment. 
“Yes, I know,” she finally uttered, “Y-You chose this life. But you are far away from your homeland…and from your family. Don’t…you…don’t you miss them?”
“They are all far away now. Very far into a domain your Republic still refers to as the Outlands.”
“And what do…did…what did your people call this place?”
“They called it the Accursed Lands.”
“The Accursed Lands. But how did they know about us? How did this place get its name?”
“Through our ongoing interactions with you. It took us time, because we knew not what we were observing at first, but over time, we reached a consensus that there existed a plague of self-importance afflicting the people of your region. Ironically accompanying this self-importance was a diminished sense of self-esteem, for there was a strange tendency among your people to compare your external achievements, appearances and possessions with those of others and to feel universally as though you had been deprived of something well-deserved, even in moments of plenty. We found this a strange and sickening phenomenon and believed that your lands had been cursed, conceivably with an immeasurable craving for the arbitrary, which when left unsatisfied, unleashed a contagion into the surrounding ether—one that contributed to the onset of lifestyle diseases. Your people were obese and unhappy—you poisoned your own bodies and even your own food supply. You bought things you didn’t need and helplessly stacked them unused and unappreciated in rooms you barely entered. You destroyed your habitat in the interest of feeding your appetite for more, but gave yourselves over to depravity and parasitism in the process. Moreover, you rendered yourselves unnaturally amenable to cannibalism, and had so normalized this practice in your societies that you arrested your sense of compassion for both man and beast, seeing your appetites instead as a biological and cultural imperative. Your most learned men studied other cultures and your economists and statesmen exploited this knowledge in order to gain sufficient leverage to expand your domain and to give you all access to a greater luxury than you needed. You were miserable in spite of this luxury and in spite of the victims that you claimed in the process of the toxic soul-searching your misery precipitated. You were pernicious organisms occupying a noxious atmosphere—accursed in many respects, though, nevertheless, creatures of your habitat, and this instinctual desire for more was the phenotypical byproduct of generation upon generation of fierce survivalism. The savage particles still jammed your alveoli, coursed through your bloodstream; they bittered your saliva. They were just as much a component of you as ‘you’ were—the ‘you’ you know yourself to be, that is. Pluck them out and you’d collapse into a pile of lifeless bricks. You were people of this land: the Accursed Lands.”
Didi’s jaw dropped open. “And you learned all this through mere contact with us…”
“Over time we did. Yes. Merchants from this region have always had trade relations with the people of my homeland. For many centuries, the trade routes were vastly underutilized by all but the small-time merchants, who, in any case, showed little curiosity and ambition with respect to our indigenous resources. For the most part, they wished for quiet and respectful trade: they were more interested in unloading their stock than they were in buying from our local merchants. They always did their business swiftly and unassumingly before continuing their journeys along the coast; however, over time, their priorities started to change. And then came the big trade ships carrying the flags of nations: it was our trade with them that transformed the fabric of our culture, including the way we saw ourselves and our relationship with the world around us.  It is through their networks of trade relationships with advanced civilizations that lesser developed societies transform—much is gained and lost in the process. Perhaps it is my sentimental nature that renders me more akin to mourning what is lost than embracing what is gained.” 
“Oh yes?” Didi voiced absently. She could feel herself drifting off. She sat up straight and thrust her arms behind her until her hands turned and gripped the mattress. Her arms wavered and she rocked unsteadily as though her back were now balanced on meaty stilts.  
“The people of my land spoke many dialects. The variations in how they framed the world around them could be traced to differences in code—for in language, they constructed themselves, their clans and their relationships to the elements around them. My clan was no different. My village was situated near the southernmost tip of a peninsula that was abundant in fruits, spices and tropical vegetation. We had tall thin trees with a powdery spiraling bark that led to delicate feathery fronds hundreds of meters in the sky. The skies were streaked with peach and gold and the canyons were cerulean and mysterious in their depths like the oceans. The jungles and flood plains bordering our mountain ranges teemed with a diversity of species lounging lazily on branches, balancing precariously upon jiggling stalks and hovering in clouds of sulphurous vapor—and Oh! The peculiarity of these specimens! My, oh my—from the Romantic Mosquito to the Groping Albatross—the sultry air made our indigenous animals all the more amorous, but we were as friendly as we could be with them without leading them on unnecessarily. The land was also rich in minerals, though we were possessed of neither the skill nor the technological capacity to stockpile and utilize these resources to our own benefit. Our scholars were reclusive and noble, yet disinclined to the idea of learning for utilitarian application—the model of education they developed for our people was one based upon the principles of Holistic Inquiry, which espoused a development of knowledge for the sake of self-fulfillment and for the end purpose of seamless coexistence of all particles, both internal and external to our being. Holistic Inquiry: the name itself sounds vague, but the epistemology around it is centered on the assumption that humans, from their initial moment of conception, bear an indivisible union with the land, its minerals, the air, the water, other lifeforms, the larger multiverse and with the systemic energies that govern all movement and transition. This is to say that humans do not occupy a special place in the ecosystem; neither do they maintain any valid entitlement over the territories within which they dwell, nor over the organisms with whom they consort and coexist. The human was, to our thinking, best viewed as the most corrosive of specimens to be found in any bionetwork: an unfortunate abomination of nature whose untethered and unguided craving remained a force of environmental decay and a source of immeasurable misery to all. They were a pox upon the atmosphere, vegetation and geology of our planet. There were, thusly, only two recourses available for the greater good of the ecosystem. One was mass extinction, which was certainly not an easy sell to a species so instinctually bent toward survival. The second was a view of molecular egalitarianism, which advocated the notion of equality among all atoms in the Universe, regardless of weight, valence, physical property, molecular affiliation, elemental family and position of elemental family within the larger atomic caste hierarchy. This all sounds absurd to you, I know, for certainly, your best scientists have only recently arrived upon similar models of chemistry to those we have been teaching to our youngest children for centuries. So, surely, you wonder—how could we, as equality-seeking entities in the Universe, possessed, all the same, of the curse of language and of a reasoning brain, enact a social order mandating atomic equity for all elements and molecules in our ecosystem? And how might we facilitate this without assuming undue authority over our coexisting co-specimens in the ecosystem? You wonder about this, do you not?”
Didi snapped awake at this and her head tilted back again. He had just asked her a question, and was possibly expecting an answer. She had heard his voice, but in her mind’s eye stood the image of free-floating bubbles bouncing against and impacting one another, and then bursting in the eddies of a vigorous tidepool. The thought of the water tanks in Aqua Pod reached her mind and then it dispersed. “Yes,” she said mechanically. “I wonder…” In fact, she was drained beyond measure and overwhelmed all the more that the Outlander had chosen this moment to speak to her, out of all the moments he could otherwise have chosen over the past two years. She also noted, as he transitioned into his storytelling mode, that there were fewer rejoinders and sudden laughs, as though he had reached an inexplicable state of flow. It was like the Beastslayer with his changes in vocal tone, except that with the Outlander, this change in tone seemed more aligned with a larger swing in temperament. She suddenly wondered if all people shared this quality, and, if in the moment of storytelling, the narrator undertook a kind of migratory transition to an area of the consciousness in which dormant cognitive molds could be spooned out as with a ladle, and drawn forthwith and through the effervescence of mind, breath and vocal chord. Her drowsy eyes fell upon the Outlander, the sides of whose mouth now adorned themselves with a grayish froth, and she marveled at the resplendence of this magical eclipse of discontiguous moments; she did so in spite of the wince she felt forming at her lips.
“As anyone should!” he continued, “Needless to say that there had been much debate over the centuries about how best to go about this. And by my formative years, there existed already many factions in my village, each proposing a model of non-impactful coexistence that contradicted the others. Naturally, this was the source of much consternation and confusion. There was no choice on our parts, but to resign our fates to the decisions of a council comprised of elders, newborn babies, litters of hissing kittens, patches of bluster moss, gaggles of weaselgeese, sedimentary chunks of blandrock, a bucket of rainwater and angry swarms of marble hornets. Unfortunately, there was little consensus or understanding that could be reached between these distinct groups and we were left to follow the edicts of conscientious coexistence set forth by the human elders, to whom all other council members naturally seemed to defer in any case. The edicts were reasonable and not terribly different from the sort other civilizations have perpetuated well over centuries and millennia in the past. Mindful consumption, preservation and conservative use of resources were some of the central tenets. Trade relationships were encouraged, but members of the community were expected to trade responsibly, respectfully and in a way that inhibited the exploitation of resources and that prevented all forms of molecular discrimination based upon chemical composition and property. These latter expectations proved difficult as seafaring civilizations found our abundant shores. Perhaps, it was our trusting nature, or even our tendency to understand our position in the world in a way that did not preassume the necessity of resource exploitation. Whatever it was, the arrival of the first set of Morellan merchant ships started us on a path that proved to confound our aspirations.”
“The Morellans?”
“Yes. The early Morellans. They were clever tradesmen.”
 “I’ve heard as much. Were the Morellans of old not known for their skill at locating secret troves of resources beyond the borders of their lands? I think…they were also very savvy negotiators, no? Beyond that, I know very little about them. Don’t remember where I learned about the little bit that I do know. Perhaps I made it all up.” 
“Nay, you are not wrong about what you heard. Their early territories were not mineral-rich and their deserts rendered large-scale agriculture an impossibility. Nevertheless, they were extremely skilled at locating and procuring resources from other lands for modest sums. Much of the wealth they acquired in the expansion of their empire was attributable to the unequal trade relationships they established with land such as ours. It’s an ill-recognized phenomenon, even amongst the most pointy-headed of Republic historians hallowing the halls of the Panta Rhei Oceanic Society—ill-recognized that our land was one of those areas that came to account for the growing affluence of the early Morellans, especially in the days of the Dabba Shogunate. The Morellans were still a people under the loose decentralized rule of kingdoms and city-states when their merchants first arrived at our shores. It took only 19 years for the first of the Dabba Shoguns to wield the advantage he gained through exploitation of our resources to consolidate power over lesser shoguns, who would thereupon either pay the tribute he demanded or be deposed in favor of a willing toady or viceroy. It was the Dabba who unified the lands and mandated for its people strict abidance with the diktats of the prophet Morell.” 
“Yes. But you say they arrived at your shores before this expansion of power began?”
“Indeed. They were still relatively small then. Not a theocracy yet, most certainly! I would say that the shift toward a theocratic state was something of a calculated move under the second Dabba shogun, who aspired toward an unimpeachable hierarchy imbuing statesmen with the vestments of religious authority.  The first Dabba shogun, on the other hand, was more focused on the expansion of his domain. Fortunately for his ambitions, his subjects were more skilled at sea exploration than the people of rival city-states and kingdoms. The business acumen and initiative of his people was, in fact, his greatest asset. The proximity of their territories to the ocean and their curiosity about the availability of resources in other lands also proved, over time, to work to their advantage. As I mentioned, our first few encounters with the Dabba were uneventful and barely worth mentioning. Their merchants had the same skin tone and demeanor as some of the islanders to our south, so it never occurred to us that they could be from a far off place. Aside from language, the only peculiar aspect to them was the seemingly advanced equipment they used to load and unload their cargo ships. They employed pulleys and ramps, along with dollies and carts with axles reinforced by crossbars attached to spring coils—apparently this allowed them to wheel fragile merchandise in carts over various kinds of terrain without significant breakage. I am told that the builders of our finest carriages in Bahlia have only recently started to include shock-absorbing springs in the design of their higher-end products—yes, I can see by the expression on your face that you are now wondering if the carriage that brought you back here this evening was one such product: we’ll inquire into that later. In any case, the Dabba were already using these sorts of springs for contraptions as simple as transport carts back in those days. There was an offhandedness to their level of advancement that impressed us immediately. The woodworking and iron-forging techniques of their craftspeople were also elegant and strikingly sophisticated in comparison with our relatively primitive methods. The sails of their ships had ornate designs rendered in violet and golden dyes, the hues of which we had never seen except in rare minerals and flowers of fleeting and overwhelming bloom. The men wore velvety robes with silken scarves, which must have served them well in lands of cooler climes; in our muggy tropical air, they saw no recourse but to loosen them and unbutton their blouses. They carried ruby-encrusted swords and spears with them. We had never seen such weapons: there was a striking emerald sheen in their blades that awed us to silence. Even if they were inclined to do so, they did not need to invade us, for they had easily won our complete admiration, and thusly, our willing submission. At any rate, our relationship with them was a friendly one. Their merchant ships dropped anchor in our inlet and remained there for weeks. They stayed with us in our huts, ate our food, helped us with our household and community chores, learned the basics of our language and communed with our women, before the autumn winds picked up again and they followed them northward to other coastal towns on the mainland that even we had not yet met. They returned within a few months and brought more merchandise, but also purchased more in the process. Over time, the visits became more frequent and they asked for more than we had available. Of course, we could not comply immediately, but they were patient with us and even offered to bring their own serfs to assist with working the land. We appreciated their willingness to do so, for the merchants were a charming bunch. We even acquiesced to having a few members of the crew stay behind to oversee the serfs—of course many of these individuals absconded with the serfs soon thereafter to seek their own fortunes elsewhere on the peninsula, but this did not bother us in the least. The others, meanwhile, returned home on the merchant ships, and we never saw them again. The months passed by and there was no further contact, until three years later when the fleet of Dabba navy ships came bearing down on us. The shogunate had grown substantially by then. They had overwhelmed the rival Yabbas and Burabras in the northern provinces and doubled the size of their territories to include the mountains and the plains beyond them. And now, there was an official mandate from the shogun’s Minister of Commerce, Industry and Trade for more resources before the start of their next offensive. So, they sent out their biggest ships in the direction of the areas the corporations had deemed most abundant in the resources sought. 
“But when a flotilla of obsidian vessels settled at the edges of our shores, we stopped short of reasoning that that this ominous constellation could have any connection to the earlier merchant groups we had encountered. Certainly, the crew of these naval ships seemed far less affable and their leaders not even remotely interested in observing simple diplomatic niceties. What also alarmed us, beyond the sheer number of passengers, was the astounding diversity of roles they occupied. Even though this was a trade mission, it had all the earmarks of all-out conquest. First of all, each of the 40 ships carried a squad of at least 20 to 25 soldiers. Additionally, there were at least 50 to 100 passengers per ship—and these passengers had not at all packed for short stay. Beyond their clothing and personal effects, they had also brought with them trunks filled with items of sentimental value: antiques and books and dinnerware. Many of them brought their whole families, including aunts, uncles, grandparents and a few distant relations—second cousins and the like. Some brought along their pets and serfs—although to be fair, I think these were more likely slaves than serfs. Precious chattel, to say the least. One man brought his collection of bronze ladles. Yet, they made no aggressive moves against us. Nothing flagrant at least, except for a few encounters that could be mistaken as acts of war. We were, however, relatively forgiving of such incursions.”
“More so than you ought to be, perhaps.”
“Well, yes. Again, we were a naïve bunch. In our eyes, we saw fit to count ourselves lucky that the crew of this armada did not yet have ambitions to colonize lands as distant as ours. It seemed strange that they would not take the opportunity, when they clearly had the upper hand.  But then again, knowing what I know about the Dabba now, I can understand that the expense of maintaining rule from across the sea would have been formidable for them—especially in view of the costly military campaigns they were already spearheading in their own region. In spite of this, it seemed that many of the people who had come by ship to settle on our peninsula were there on an official capacity unknown to us. Apparently, the establishment of a cooperative trade settlement on foreign soil was not an unusual move on the part of the Dabba. They had developed a preference, over the years, for trade agreements over which they could exercise strong leverage. Trade settlements afforded them the wherewithal to do so, giving them the upper hand over their counterparts through hegemony, but not aggression. That is to say that they could dictate terms of negotiation and shrug off counteroffers, knowing full well that their counterparts were in no position to ask for flexibility. The chartered corporations and civil servants manning these trade missions often employed mercenary armies for use in their trade negotiations. When there was a shortage of mercenaries, the State consigned to them temporary command over their Royal armies in return for a larger share of the profits made from international trade, if not otherwise a substantial discount on the price of any commodities earmarked for use by the State itself—or by the families of its ministers.” 
“So, it was a friendly takeover then?” Didi paused. She yawned for a moment and the intake of breath caused a sudden flutter in her eyelids, “Not ‘friendly’…exactly…but I don’t know what to call it. ‘Bloodless’ might be a better word, I suppose? But then, if the purpose wasn’t conquest, what sorts of passengers came with them on those ships?”
“Soldiers, merchants, civil servants, surveyors, plantation owners, serfs, animal tamers, clergymen…I think.” The Outlander said pensively, “…and even a few zoo animals—which we later found out were walking gods they kept in captivity. Gods—YES!!!—I mean, these were huge, huge, huge black ships we are talking about. Huge! Each of them could have held one of our villages easily. By the time all the passengers had unboarded, we realized that we only outnumbered them 3 to 1. If you include the surrounding villages, that is. And their Gods. Yes! Their Gods! I mean…that part especially struck us unusual. The Gods. They kept them in cages.”
“They…what?”
“They kept their gods in cages—but then, where else is one to keep them?”
“Huh!”
“Yes. Well, anyway, about a quarter of the passengers stayed behind after the ships left. People and Gods both, I mean. About a quarter of the total! A lot of those who stayed seemed to have an interest in studying our culture. Historians and learned men mostly. They even had linguists who already knew the rudiments of our language. 
“I was a child then. The age Bunnu had been when his silver sibling arrived—maybe 7 or 8, I think. Even though we believed in molecular egalitarianism at the time, we were still being ruled by a family of autocrats. Our king who went by the name of Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin was a relatively vain individual whom most people tolerated because they didn’t want to hurt his feelings. In fact, he didn’t rule over us very much, and remained, just like his predecessors, a figurehead for our people, except in the rare matters that required diplomacy with neighboring clans. To be honest, I’m not sure he understood his role as autocrat very well, but people forgave him for this anyway.”
“I’m a little confused. Were you tribesmen of some kind? A nation?”
“To be honest, I am not sure what you could have called us. A loose gathering of clans possibly—tribes maybe—and yet the structure and composition of these clannish aggregations grew amorphous with the passing of seasons. The heavy rains and flooding of our rivers made it necessary to migrate from the lowlands to the highlands in the summers, but when the waters subsided, the crop yield grew abundant and we returned to the flood plains. In the rainy season, we shared land, food, shelter and resources with other clans migrating to the same territories of the highlands; in the drier seasons, we all split off again, but each time we did so, there was crossover between clans. Some seceded from one clan to another; others, of course, remained fiercely loyal to their own, but on the whole, there was a fluidity to the shape and texture of our communities. As a people, we occupied the entirety of the peninsula, but were cut off from the rest of the mainland. The northern areas were bordered by vast snowy mountains, which pulled the warm air of the sea up to its peaks in the early winter and exhaled down over the plains and in the direction of the shores in the spring and summer—these areas had four seasons, while on the undulant terrain of the peninsula, we had only two: rainy and dry. The impassable mountains and the rough, windy seas deprived us of the capability to make contact with other areas of the mainland, for we were without sturdier ships capable of such roundabout voyages. So, we were more or less landlocked and dealt mostly with the tribes on the islands just off our shores, some of whom were friendlier than others. It was only those with rugged, well-designed ships who could navigate their way safely beyond the rocks of our inlet and into our shores.”
“So, you were a civilization.”
“Again, I don’t know. I’m not even sure what that word means, nor would anyone else from our peninsula. It’s a strange word actually. ‘Civilization.’ We had rudimentary governance to maintain certain civil and organizational codes, but as far as we saw it, we were clusters of particles. None any greater in worth than the next.”
“OK…I understand that bit about particle egalitarianism. All that makes sense to me. The part that doesn’t is that your people had a king. Were his particles not of greater worth?”
“Strictly speaking. No. We are infinitely in union with the king, if not through the particles that separate us now, then through the particles that have once or will eventually have come to compose us. We are all composed of borrowed and lent matter.”
“That is a nice sentiment, but are his particles not treated differently?”
“You are not incorrect.”
“Then, I’m sorry. I just don’t understand.”
“Aye, it’s very confusing. This is what happens when one system replaces another. Nostalgia and tradition preserve the façade of the older structures. Like old belongings one cannot bear to part with. We leave just enough fragments about to remind us of our fragmented memory.”
“So, you were egalitarian, yet under autocratic rule.”
“Yes.”
“OK…”
“The contradictions in theory and practice should not surprise you. The cognitive dissonance behind such rationalizations is not peculiar only to my people.”
“Certainly not. And I’m sorry if it sounds like I’m criticizing. I’m just clarifying.”
“Clarifying or not: your criticism would be just as reasonable to me,” he said flatly. Didi found herself taken aback at the relative calmness of his tone. This was not the same Rakesh-7 she had come to know. Where was the grumbling irritability? It was almost as though he were enjoying this conversation with her. He almost never enjoyed talking to anyone! But now, he smiled pleasantly—though it looked like a grimace—and said with a wink, “It’s refreshing indeed to finally detect some youthful impertinence in your tone! I would encourage you to unburden yourself further, should any impulses nag at you to do so. Forget what the rest of them say—to give voice to such impulses would be becoming of an intelligent young lady as yourself!” 
“O-OK…”
“And yes, King Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin was a deeply shortsighted man, who was easily upset when he sensed that others’ fortunes might exceed his own. He was beside himself when he beheld the sails of the magnificent trade vessels approaching from the horizons. He was shamed by the lavish dress spared as scraps to the lowliest of serfs who had been brought to serve as porters to the surveyors, and then later, to till the land when the plantation owners had designated the appropriate spot to lay down foundations. He was awed by the majestic might of the legions who jerked at the hair of peasant women, dragged them over gravel paths and through defecation pits before shackling them to sewing tables in commandeered huts. He was only appeased when they gifted him a strange black concoction that dulled his senses and brought him pleasant dreams of floating throughout immaculate kingdoms made just for him. He sat upon clouds, regaling gigantic teary-eyed bumblebees with woeful musings about how he wished for a fleet all his own that he could use to explore other lands. He wished for his own army with good weaponry, but alas he was cursed to rule over a land with hot, muggy weather and with subjects who slept happily in the shade for a good part of their lives. Why did they have to be so lazy and content? Why could they not be angry and industrious in the heat much like the bees? Why could they not evoke the same level of austerity as even these Dabba visitors? Why indeed!”
“And meanwhile, the crew of the trade ships exploited your resources.”
“They didn’t exploit, they developed trade relationships, but yes—they seemed to have more creative uses for the resources than we did. We could see for the first time the many benefits and conveniences that had eluded us all these years. By watching the plantation workers, we finally came to understand the extent to which we had underutilized the land. Those of us more akin to thinking economically were humbled by the organization and efficiency of the techniques employed in maximizing crop yield, preserving stock and minimizing loss brought on by pestilence, invasive species or soil degradation. Had we allocated resources more effectively, many famines could have been prevented over the years, many medicines harvested. Children whom we had lost might not have died. Aging family members might have lived on for many more years. There was much we had missed. All those lost opportunities! All those people with whom we could still have been sitting happily together, drinking tea, eating sweets and telling stories. If only we had simply reached out and taken the fruit being offered us most obligingly by the habitat we occupied! But then, surely, you recognize the key tension that the act of taking would have engendered?”
“The aim of achieving your potential and prolonging human life would have been diametrically opposed to the aims of particle egalitarianism,” Didi heard herself say. Where did those words come from? She thought, entertaining the vague suspicion that they weren’t her own. 
“Quite so,” the Outlander nodded with a hint of amusement, “We were only now beginning to understand that by seeking to expand the inclusive breadth of our quantum physical awareness, we had come to renounce our own self-interest and even imposed severe limitation upon our chances at survival. To some, this was not necessarily a bad thing. Some even took a special pride in it. Others, however, became quite confused. Some even became livid. Why had they sacrificed their own best interests for the sake of this peculiar ideology? Why had they compromised their own common sense notions of pragmatism and survivalism?”
“Surely your people had questioned this compromise before. One would assume that these common sense notions should not be so easily forgotten. You’d had previous regimes, it seems.”
“Indeed indeed. And certainly one does not completely lose these notions overnight. There are reminders that linger like stretch marks after weight loss. What a comparison! Ha! But anyway there are reasons unknown even to me that brought about a rejection of the old ideals in favor of the new. Perhaps it was a kind of political re-education. No one spoke of the old ideals anymore. I think it was fair to say that something or someone had caused them to fall into disfavor. Certain language was now even considered taboo. Even the origins of our ideology were kept secret. In fact, it was also taboo to make mention of said origins, as though we were expected to assume that these ideological precepts had existed among us since Time Immemorial. And as though they were universal to all molecular entities: animate, inanimate and disanimate alike.”
“Sounds oppressive.”
“In fact it was. Yes. But we were equal in this self-oppression.”
“So, this was the fundamental ethos held by all. And particle egalitarianism pervaded the general culture of your people. Yet, as I said, you kept the same ruling family in power,” Didi said this slowly. She was fatigued and yet these words trickled out rather effortlessly.
“Back to that again? Well…yes, it might strike one as a peculiar contrast. It seems that the architects of the Particle Revolution—though I still know not who these individuals actually were!— sought to limit the power of the ruling family, rather than vanquish its authority completely. I am not quite sure why they chose to go about things in this manner: perhaps because remaining as hollow figureheads served as a greater humiliation to the royals than all-out deposition. Whatever the intent, our people allowed the same ruling family to live in their royal huts for several generations well beyond the end of the Particle Revolution—for so long, in fact, that the sedentary royals eventually came to assume that all that was required to rule anymore was their mere existence among us. No more getting up from their cozy nooks and cushions for meaningless speeches and public appearances, no more incomprehensible daily meetings with advisers, ambassadors or heads of neighboring principalities, no signing of public decrees. No more of that dreadful pretense: in fact, it had become quite simple. All they had to do anymore was offer the occasional wave from the barred windows of the royal huts, eat out of their troughs at the appointed feeding times, and otherwise be seen defecating publicly during our seasonal tribal ceremonies. Beyond that, however, little else was expected of them. Most of them no longer even saw the need to clothe themselves or get out of bed. For them, this pressure toward indolence was, at first, a source of both pleasure and agony, but soon it became such a consistent part of their routines and traditions that they eventually managed to channel very little thought or feeling into the act of going through the motions. The lethargy became the ontological condition fundamental to them and their tired particles. In that sense, they became much like household pets—except that they still had sovereign authority over the citizens of our land—although it was fair to reason that it was not the people themselves, but rather the ennui that constituted these people’s existences that ruled over us truly: the formidable weight of human boredom became our majestic and most sovereign benefactor. All the same, why keep these figureheads in power at all—even if said power is merely titular in nature? You are still asking me that with your eyes—I can see it!”  
“Yes I am. Why indeed?” Didi responded whilst wondering if, in fact, she was.
“And it certainly is a fair question. So, let us put it this way: keeping them as our ruling family did not seem at all to oppose this idea of molecular egalitarianism—in fact, human institutions of rule might even be seen as chemical catalysts in their very abidance with the macromechanisms of particle dynamics. The boredom and the shame the royals felt could similarly have been the solvent to said catalyst—if you choose to view it that way. Naturally, it is difficult to say to what extent the seeming larger dynamics of human governance would impact the smaller dynamics of particle interaction, to say nothing of the exceptionally vast workings of the larger universe. I could follow this thread further and explore the premise that the expanse of all ontological being—of which an entity’s consciousness, action and ambition remain but minor components—is an essential, albeit wholly arbitrary, property—a side effect, in fact—of the volatile workings of the larger chemical reaction comprising the whole of the Cosmos. I could get into the argument that life is only a null subroutine of larger program dynamics and reflect on the absurdity permeating our temporary attributions of significance in the face of a grander chemical reaction spanning 13.7 billion years and counting. But I’d rather not follow this tangent. I would prefer that we get back to what I was saying.”
“Guh?” uttered Didi, for she was impressed by his uncharacteristic restraint.
“At any rate, after all this time following the precepts of particle egalitarianism, our self-interest had been piqued once again. It was like throwing a brick of meat before a dieting Blargosaur. Surely, you can imagine what it’s like to go hungry for so long that your appetite has diminished, but then to get a small morsel of something in your mouth just tasty enough that it whets your appetite even further. This is precisely what we felt. There was suddenly talk amongst the people of resource exploitation, developing infrastructure and establishing trade agreements that afforded us greater leverage. To my ears, the language being used sounded different. My uncle told me that there was a group of elder clerics who had accompanied the Dabba trade missions, who were secretly disseminating these new ideas among us, as though to oppose what they viewed as a greedy and godless enterprise. Naturally the confusion this insurrection sowed did us no practical good, as we lacked the skill, equipment and resource management capacity to facilitate any large-scale changes. However, this did nothing to quell the rhetoric. And then one day, Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin’s favorite concubine, Meatlobber, started-“
“Her name was Meatlobber?”
“Yes.”
“Meatlobber?”
“Yes! Why would I make something like that up? Meatlobber was quite a well-known figure among us. Very fetching young lady in her day! At any rate, Meatlobber started in on Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin, complaining that her adornments were meager when taken in comparison with those of the young maidens who had been brought here from abroad. She was not exaggerating, for certainly even the nursemaids accompanying the affluent Dabban families were festooned with ornate jewelry and flowing silken scarves. By comparison, even one with as radiant a beauty as Meatlobber-“
“I’m sorry I really can’t get past that name.”
“Yes, exquisite, is it not? It must be difficult to envision such painful intensity of beauty, for certainly the mind can only manage to endure so much aesthetic self-laceration when left to its own devices. You must trust me when I say that her radiance is otherworldly—but that much of the glow that came in the confidence with which she carried herself was diminished at the sight of these women who were nothing special at all, in fact, without their accessories, but who outshone her nevertheless and hoarded the gawking leers to which she would otherwise have been entitled. The only way for her to salvage her pride, in the face of such audacity, was for her to borrow the best jewelry that had been bequeathed by her grandmother to her elder sister, Meatrobber. In fact, it was illegal jewelry that had been passed down from generation-to-generation since before the times of particle egalitarianism. But that was another matter entirely. Fortunately, there was no one more concerned about preserving Meatlobber reputation than Meatrobber…”
“So, her sister had the same na-“
“No, I said ‘Meatrobber,’ not ‘Meatlobber.’ Common mistake actually. And had we not been a society committed to particle egalitarianism, the confusion between the two would likely have mattered more. But now that a strain of envy was starting to work its way into our culture, it was those very differences between individuals that began to matter.”
“I’m not sure I follow…”
“What I mean is: individuals are less inclined to play games like ‘spot the difference,’ if it is assumed that there is an equality of all particles and that no union need be ascribed lastingly between any aggregations of particles. We are not likely to attribute comparative worth and focus on differences in what someone has or what another doesn’t, if there is no need for people to have possessions per se. The implication here is that since all particles were shared anyway, all property was communal, though we need not have declared it so, for—at least in theory—we lacked the self-interest that accompanied the need for possessions. Yet, now that the differences between what people had and didn’t have were vast and there was the implication of unjust attributions of value afforded to certain aggregations of particles—to objects of status, I mean— over others, as well as a disparate allocation of said aggregates within the populace, a certain lack of trust began to manifest itself among those less self-assured about these concepts of egalitarianism. Meatlobber, the poor proud girl who was so often misunderstood throughout her youth as being too self-absorbed and less virtuous than her demure peers, was beside herself with insecurity upon seeing the women who had disembarked from the ships. They seemed superior to her, and her greatest anxiety was that Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin would forget all about her in favor of them. There seemed even among them a pecking order and it was clear to see that the most ornate and sweet-smelling of ladies enjoyed a certain privilege denied to their lessers. To be at the top of this hierarchy, too, was something she desired, and when she spoke of it to Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin, he grew so incensed that he emerged immediately from his substance-induced fugue and ran out of his hut and towards the beach to demand an audience with the captains of the Dabba ships. In fact, he was more concerned about how all this reflected on him, and how he had been denied the best of what had been reaped of his rightful lands. 
“Through a series of frantic hops, wild gestures and inscrutable rants directed at a trio of pasty linguists standing slackly in the shade of a palm, he managed to get his intentions across, and a meeting was arranged in the Command Room of the executive vessel for the next day. He returned to Meatlobber satisfied with this result and inclined even to boast that special arrangements were being made for him in order to address these strange oversights. However, when he returned to the beach the following day, he found, much to his dismay, that there was no transport waiting to pick him up. Indeed he was quite alone, and it seemed that there were no indications that anyone had been there prior to his arrival that day. Maybe he was early. Had the appointment been forgotten? Could there have been some kind of misunderstanding with the linguists? Maybe they weren’t linguists after all—they seemed to be saying something to him at the end, but he simply couldn’t understand their horrible pronunciation. Anyway, it was difficult for him to say what the situation was. Looking out at the sea, it was not difficult to figure out which one of the ships was the executive vessel, for it was the closest of the ships, and it was drifting in the center of a semi-circle of other ships, as though being protected strategically from any attack that could have been launched by approaching rival navies. From the shore, it was a good one-kilometer away, out just beyond the rocks that framed the inlet. Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin rubbed his large tummy. He was unable to decide what to do. At first he thought it best to wait. This he did for a few minutes, but soon he grew concerned that the meeting would be canceled if he did not make his way over immediately. Looking down the shore, he could see two boys in the distance loading fishing nets onto a boat. He called over to them, and they froze immediately, concerned that they would be collared for illegal fishing. As he approached, they could see that it was their king, and they started arguing about whether or not it would be best for them to escape while they still could.”
“But how could you know about this, Uncle? It was just the king and these boys. Unless…”
“Yes. It was my cousin and I. At least, I think he was my cousin. He was always back and forth, in and out of our clan in those days. He was a stack of particles, so I guess it doesn’t matter.”
“So, you were there when it happened.”
“The king approached us and ordered us to escort him by fishing boat out to the executive vessel. My cousin took one look at the king’s big belly, and then our tiny ship. He shot me this look of apology before saying to the king that he was feeling suddenly ill and that the choppy waves would only worsen his condition. The king turned to me and patted me on the shoulder, as he said with a smile, ‘In that case, all of the responsibility falls on you, dear boy.’ There was something in the way that he said this—there was a kind of desperation in his eyes. A great hope, but also the presentiment of a great disillusionment. I did not want to disappoint him any more than he sensed he was about to be. So I rowed out with him in our tiny boat. Truth be told, I have never physically struggled more with anything than I did with this. Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin leaned back on his side, lounging and rubbing his great belly. Unfortunately, this caused his side to dip and take on some water; meanwhile, I had to reach as far down as I could with the oars and propel us forward against the tides. After about 5 minutes of trying to do this and barely getting anywhere at all, the king grew greatly annoyed. ‘What is the meaning of this? Do your parents teach you only to play around in the presence of royalty?’ I began to cry and the king sighed forlornly to himself before picking up the other oar. ‘OK,’ he said. ‘Let’s row together.’ With the two of us rowing, it was a little bit easier and we managed to get about halfway before we started hitting some rough waves. Looking at the nearby rocks, the king said, ‘Those will dash us to bits if we keep rowing this way. We need to pull back a bit and try another way.’ We made our way around the calm currents of a big rock and tried a more indirect route. This time we managed to make it all the way without too much trouble. When we reached the ship, some crewmen lowered a rope ladder. ‘Wait here,’ Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin instructed me, but this brought some shouts of protest from up above. Already climbing the ladder, the king looked back over his shoulder at me and nodded his head, and so I began climbing up after him.
“Once we reached the deck, the king communicated with some difficulty to the crewmen. They didn’t seem to understand who he was and why he was there. I got the feeling that they thought that he was some kind of peasant fisherman and that I was his grandson. Finally, a lanky pasty-faced gentleman arrived from below deck and signaled with a tired sigh that we were to follow him. We followed him down the stairs and in the direction of the Command Room, which appeared to be a vast, multi-chambered middle compartment between the top deck and the galley of the ship. The man led us through the heavy iron door and down a corridor before motioning to a long table in an empty room. As the man walked away, Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin sat at the head of the table and gestured for me to stand by his side. Only men of rank were to be seated he told me, and so, for the sake of decorum, I was to stand to the side and only make myself useful when called upon to do so. We waited for a long time and no one came. Now and again, groups of two or three crewmen with finely trimmed mustaches would walk by and say something to one another as they peeked in at us. There was something whimsical in the way such men spoke that prompted a sigh from the king. He mumbled angrily under his breath and I motioned toward the door, as though to indicate my willingness to find out what was happening, but this only prompted irritation from him. ‘What did I tell you?’ he said. ‘Do not go seeking them out. They will come to us in their own time. I am in no rush, as you can see. And anyway, I am not ready to see any guests yet.’ He slouched back in his chair after saying this, and, in spite of my sadness for him, I felt a swell of admiration as well. He weathered the humiliation gracefully, and at that very moment, this struck me as the truest measure of human character—that resilience of dignity in the face of dreadful treatment, even if a tad delusional. To be sure, we had never seen such a thing, as the concept of status, except in the most rudimentary of ways, had grown somewhat alien to us. We aspired not to condescend, and so this flagrantly dismissive treatment confused us. This could not have been intentional—there must have been some mistake. The king posited slowly, ‘You don’t suppose that…’ and then he trailed off. I finished his thought for him, ‘Your Highness, I hope I have not led you to the wrong ship.’ At this, he smiled, ‘My boy, even though you just spoke out of turn, you are doing a fine job and I am proud to have you by my side.’ This gesture of goodwill brought a tear to my eye, and I found myself thinking that, in spite of the role he had been made to occupy in our society, the king was truly a good soul. Perhaps his particles aligned better than those of others. Whatever the reason, the way he carried himself inclined me to perceive something of the divine.
“The circle of light projecting from the ship’s porthole to the far wall of the Command Room grew ovoid and sharp in vertical diameter as it arced slowly downward to disappear somewhere in the corner of the room. It was forgotten as soon as the king reached over and turned on an oil lantern on the edge of the table. The boat rocked quietly and we listened carefully, for the sounds of activity had ceased and it was almost easy to think that we were all by ourselves now on the ship. For a time, the silence was soothing and I must have slipped into one of my longer than usual microsleeps—I have told you that I am not akin to long periods of sleep, no? Well, that is, unless I am under the influence of some agent. At any rate, this moment was a unique exception. It could have been the steady rocking and the dimming light of the Command Room. Whatever it was, I soon nodded off and my legs started to give out below me. Fortunately, my consciousness sputtered back quickly enough that I was able to regain my balance before I tumbled to the ground. I looked to the side at Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin, but his eyes remained fixed in the corner of the room where the luminous ovoid had descended and disappeared. Not forgotten, it seemed.
“He was mumbling something, yet seemed to be speaking to someone intently. I listened. ‘Why yes, WraithForce One,’ he said, ‘I understand. Yes. Surely we can employ a team of divers to seek after it…mmm certainly, certainly.’ He turned to me, but he still seemed to be speaking to someone else, ‘Yes, the boy. Well, there is no need to worry about him. He is, I think, a good lad. Er…uh, boy, WraithForce One is concerned that—er…did you hear any of that excha—‘ he paused and peeked back over his shoulder at the corner, ‘Oh I see, yes, he cannot. Cannot see you either. Then, m-may I explain to—well, of course, he can be trusted. I understand your concerns, but he brought me here! Wait one moment, while I explain.’ He turned back to me, ‘So, this might be a little difficult to swallow and the timing, I’ll admit, is somewhat unusual, but it seems that I am now being visited by a being from a distant galaxy. He is not composed of physical substance, he tells me—although assigning this entity a gender would seem inappropriate—for, rather, his constitution is a tangle of low-energy waveforms. For convenience of communication, he has analyzed my brain patterns and projected his consciousness into my immediate sensory proximity, so that I can see, smell, hear and possibly even touch hi—not touch? Taste? No? See, smell and hear only. Yes, OK. He calls himself WraithForce One, but has admitted that this is not at all his real name. Where he comes from, there is no need for aural signatures, for the convergence of different wave frequencies at his nexus gives way to a distinct pattern that can be invoked by others of his kind when referring to him in the third person—referring to him in the third waveform-tangle, that is. It’s all a bit beyond me, to be honest. At any rate, he only calls himself WraithForce One, partly for my sake, but also partly out of a sense of humor he maintains out of a desire for diplomacy. He understands how invasive it may seem to access a distant being’s neural network for the sake of initiating a dialogue. In my case, WraithForce appears to me in the form of a two-headed reptile with scaly, anthropomorphic features. At first, I was shocked, but now as you can see, the shock has turned into a childlike delight, for he reminds me very much of a character from a puppet show my father had commissioned for us when I was a child. Delightful, delightful! Uncanny that likeness! And so, what initially seemed like villainy, in this sense, turned out instead to be an attempt at immediate appeal. Have I described this correctly, WraithForce? Close enough, you say? Well, then, our dear boy is sure to understand also that you are going to remain here as my silent advocate in our upcoming negotiations. That is so, is it not? What is that? Yes…yes, I was just about to tell him that bit as well. So, my boy, it seems that I must ask you to return to shore for my dearest Meatlobber has grown concerned for my welfare and tried herself to swim out to the boat to find me. It appears she only made it out a little way before she sensed what the seawater was doing to her beautiful locks of hair—the delicate creature! In the process of her panicked flailing, it seems that she lost her bracelet. She tried desperately to search for it, but to no avail, and now the evening riptides have apparently pulled this treasured ornament out beyond her grasp; so far, in fact, that it seems that we are going to have to employ a team of divers to retrieve it. You see: it truly is a magnificent piece of jewelry and I do not merely say this because it was I who had given it to her. Actually it once belonged to my mother—although you must keep this part secret. It is critical that I be able to trust you to keep your mouth shut on this, for even Meatlobber does not know how precious the ornament truly is. If she did, perhaps, she would think me a foolish, impulsive old goat who values her far too highly for a man of my status. This would cause her to realize that she can do better than me. You must understand that she can only know that it is a valuable bracelet, but not that it had such incalculable value to the royal family. The family must not know either, though someday I am sure someone will notice it’s missing. I will worry about that later. For now, however, no one can know. Otherwise, you see, all will be lost!’  He paused and turned again to look at his invisible friend in the corner. ‘Yes, this is a good question. Indeed, I can only hope they have kept the boat tied up so that the boy can get back.’ He looked at me again, saying, ‘You must convey to the others that I am still tied up in negotiations here and that I may not be back for some time. You are not to indicate that the negotiations have yet to start, for certainly the captain and his men must be so fearful of what I might say, that they are in fierce preparation for our talks. To be gracious to the dignity of these pathetic souls, it is best that we say that the negotiations have begun already. That, my young friend, is key a component of diplomacy: public veneration for one’s counterpart even when one is yet wont to revile him in private. You’ll understand in time, and I am sure that you are more than capable of conveying the message that I asked to my courtiers. Please also inform them that, while I am away, my orders are for them to organize a search party for the bracelet. I do believe that we can borrow some of the diving equipment from our new friends here for our search. I have seen rubber hoses and diving suits on the top deck of this ship. And air pumps! At least that’s what they looked to be. Let my advisers know about this possibility and they can make the arrangements. Can I count on you, boy?’”
“But this is all very strange!” Didi exclaimed. “Was all this really happening, or was the king having a break from reality?”
“Unfortunately, it is even now difficult for me to say. Perhaps it was merely a feat of unbridled imagination. Bunnu’s episodes with his invisible friend Coronado strike me as similar. Our speculations of what might be make for a fierce cyclone—the winds so strong that the eye sees nothing but the swirls of sediment about its axis.”
“Such things I know very little about. But certainly, you must have been able to ascertain whether or not the concubine had truly lost her bracelet. Did you return to shore?”
“Well, yes, so here begins the interesting part. I told you that the ship had fallen quiet.”
“Yes.”
“Well, in fact, it was now deserted. Following Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin’s instructions, I made my way through the dark maze of corridors. I writhed through several turns and unnatural contortions of passage before stumbling upwards and upon the top deck. I found-“
“And he stayed behind?”
“Yes, so I went-“
“And WraithForce stayed with him?”
“This I will never know—again, we do not know if he truly exists…if you’ll allow me to explain. I like the impertinence, by the way! Ha! So, I ascended the stairs only to find the deck completely deserted. Now it was night and the sky completely overcast. The only light in this darkened void came from the direction of the shores and from all around the ship in those schools of bioluminescent Alsatian Carp who hopped between sloshing waves through swarms of sea insects. The everpresent pulsations of night were muted now by the wind, which spilt like gaseous rapids over the slick black rocks separating ship from shore. Yet, there was scant opportunity to appreciate this, since, from the outer railing of the deck, I could now see flames shooting into the sky from huts on the island. In their ascension, these flames arced concavely as though swathing upward over the edges of some unseen bubbling cauldron. Perhaps it was because of my upbringing that I felt this way, but the mental image of a bubbling cauldron brought to mind a sudden inkling that there now existed a disruption in the aggregations of particles that comprised our community. It had only been a matter of hours since I had left those shores, but surely much had gone amiss in that time.
“In fact, by this point, the idea of a lost bracelet seemed a secondary matter entirely. I groped blindly in the dark along the deck’s outer rail until I found the rope tied to my fishing boat. Easing my way down the rope, I looked back over my shoulder and was horrified to see the shores obscured mostly by the smoke. Yet, somehow, beyond the dense obsidian fog, lingered the flickering glow of fire. I wondered for a moment if the shore was visible from Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin’s room, but then, realized that it couldn’t have been, for the cabin he occupied was on the opposite end of the ship. I briefly entertained the idea of going back to let him know, but by the time the thought even crystalized into an impulse toward action, I found that I had already rowed halfway home. I was shocked to find the oars in my hands. Had I been so lost in my thoughts and fears that I had paid no attention to the movements of my body? Perhaps so! It was almost as though my appendages were entwined to this crisis—the movements of my body were, at this particular moment, autonomous of the mind. It seemed a shortsighted thing to do, but I had no other choice but to leave the king behind me. To do anything else would have been to waste precious time. Certainly it occurs to me now: ‘I was just a child—how could I possibly have helped anyone trapped in the blaze?’ In fact, this is a reasonable question. The long and short of it was that there was little that I could do. Yet, such a ponderance would have seemed irrelevant in that moment. My particles were magnetized by this disruption. They simply had to get back and be among those other disturbed particles for fear that they should otherwise languish in a kind of stale obsolescence by mere dint of disunion with their transforming brethren. They would miss their imminent evolution!”
“Your particles were pulling you back?”
“Something like that. Or, at least, that’s how it felt.”
“B-but the cause of the fire. What was…I mean…was it all on account of the absence of the king?”
“It was at the beginning; however, the chaos had taken on such proportions that his returning at that moment may only have served to exacerbate the situation.”
“What sort of chaos was it?”
“It was all the doing of those missionaries who had been stirring up discontent among our peoples. They had noted with keen interest the disappearance of Tangalaka-too-2 Globulin. Unfortunately our king had not told anyone of his appointment on the ship and no one had seen him leave. Naturally, imaginations ran wild and the missionaries were quick to seize upon the opportunity. Of course, they knew not the cause of the Tangalaka-too-2’s disappearance either, but they immediately assumed that he had been abducted and murdered by our new visitors. The missionaries spread rumors that the people of this land were now to be slaves to their new overlords and that the only way to reverse this fate was to unite now in common revolt before reinforcements arrived from overseas.”
“And I suppose no one cast any suspicion on their intentions. But…your people complied?”
“In whatever manner they could. Yes. We were not a people knowledgeable of how a revolt should take shape. We were, indeed, not violent in reason or intention, but only, in truth, by passion—which indeed is a separate thing. What I mean by this is that we were only violent in an instinctual way, and not so much in a way that aligned with pragmatic planning. A group, such as the missionaries, only need harness such passion in order to unleash it toward their aims—and so they did. And the result was what I saw in those flames that licked at the sweetness of night like a thousand orange tongues. I made it to shore but could find no one. I ran in the direction of flames—toward the huts and the marketplace, toward the trees, which rested now under a smoldering blanket. No one. 
“I made it just beyond my family’s hut, when I began to cough violently, sensing in the process, a growing agitation in my own particles. A series of tremors rang inward from my fingertips, compressing the muscles in my forearms, before clanging further up between the hollows of radius and ulna, and reverberating over the humerus.  The vibrations tolled over my torso, producing in me the strong desire to beat my chest with my fist and howl. The shiver ran down my abdomen and legs and released itself from my lower extremities through some new dance of peculiar rhythm. I looked down at my feet. Where boots had once been, I was now barefoot. But I didn’t remember having removed anything from my feet. There were gaps in memory—invented memories even. I looked again out to sea, but I could see no ships. It was dark, so maybe I was missing something? Was that it over there? No that’s just a collection of rock formations. But then the moon emerged from behind the clouds to reveal no silhouettes—no shadows of any vessels upon the sea. All had vanished. The invaders had stolen our king from us! The particles in my belly began bubbling violently and I began to dry heave—my belly was empty, so all I could vomit at this moment was a kind of bloody foam. I tasted that acrid boiling venom as it frothed over my tongue, surpassed the boundaries of my lip and seeped slowly down my chin. It evaporated in a soothing fizzle that itched so intensely I was compelled to laugh amidst my perplexing agony. My mind began to gurgle with exhilaration as my digits flailed wildly in the momentum of a dance of quickening tempo. I remember little of the night beyond that, except that in the morning, I was awakened by the tide sweeping over the cluster of rocks I had chosen as my bed. After looking down at my arms and legs, which were streaked with scrapes and bruises, I cast my gaze out upon the sea. There were still no ships. All had indeed vanished! Turning around, I could see that there were still thin wisps of smoke rising from ash piles in flaggelating strands like a congregation of gossipy churchworms. 
“I walked down the streets to greet uncles and neighbors, who cleared the ashes of their homes as though it were some daily task to which they were already accustomed. Mostly, they were subdued in their interactions with me—I sensed in their disposition a certain distrust, which I can scarcely understand even now. These people with whom I had been greatly familiar were now behaving toward me as though I were a stranger who was interrupting them from something important. We had all lost a great deal in the fire, so I was not one to question the complexity of the emotions they were possibly dealing with. But there was something strange to all this—no one seemed the slightest bit upset or disappointed about the fire. There were a dozen villagers who had perished in the blaze, but very few mourned them. In fact, the funerary services given them by our shamans were performed with a hint of impatience as though they were tasks to be gotten out of the way as quickly as possible. There was a lot of strange rhetoric over the next few days about the future and about the opportunities that lay before us. I appreciated the hopefulness of this tone, but there was something unsettling about it as well. There was no talk of the ships, or how they had disappeared. Even when I brought the topic up, others seemed to fall silent. There was no sign of the missionaries-“
“Are you sure that any of this had actually happened the way you remembered?”
“You mean I am getting it wrong—fabricating memories?” Rakesh-7 now said, scratching his oily hair. He seemed alarmed by the question, as though it had never occurred to him. “That could be so, but…but it’s highly unlikely. The ships had been there and so were the missionaries. The missionaries even left one of our villagers with a scroll written in our language. It said: ‘Our mission has been to equip your poor souls with a greater sense of entitlement, so that you understand what you have been missing and so that you are bold enough now to seek after it. Now, you know your rights and responsibilities as humans on this planet. It is incumbent upon you all to seek your fortunes relentlessly, to want more when you can have more, and to oppose those who would deny you those fortunes within your grasp, should they even be your neighbors. Consider this our gift to you. All that exists around you is there for the sake of realizing your ultimate opportunity. Seek after it relentlessly.’”
“They gifted you with-“
“Infested us, more appropriately, with opportunism. And with a most fervent strain of it.”
“B-but…this doesn’t explain the departure of the ships. Or the disappearance of your king.”
“In a manner, it does.”
“Why’s that?”
“Whether or not its people lived among us physically, we were now one and the same. We had found a more binding union than could be afforded us through mere Particle Egalitarianism. Now, we were all residents of the Accursed Lands.”

V.

“I’m not sure I follow your meaning.”
“Perhaps not, because it is the very air you inhabit. You cannot describe water to a fish, nor darkness to a Mole Fly.”
“So, you understand it, and I don’t?” Didi remarked with a somewhat combative tone. There was something about his assertion that she did not appreciate.
“That is not in the least what I’m saying. There is the curse of false mastery, of relentless opportunism to which we are all, as humans, beholden. Extending beyond this is the illusion that one should claim an entitlement over what lies within one’s grasp. Through self-comparison with others, we come to crave what others have or can have, as though we have been denied it through some unseen malice. There can be no rest, no respite from that affliction of self-doubt and inadequacy which is sure to overtake in the face of any presumption of underachievement, of any mediocrity which has stood as a barrier to greater happiness and achievement for the sake of oneself and one’s society. That does not mean that one is resigned to being unhappy. It’s just a matter of misshapen values as to what ultimately carves out human happiness.”
“That’s painting it with broad strokes though, wouldn’t you say? I think that there are those who will certainly feel that way, but not all of us. I don’t think I am inclined to crave so much what others have.”
“Indeed you are right about this. But this is only because you have been equipped with a remarkable sense of humility and self-sacrifice, which makes you the saving grace of this clan. If I understand correctly, you have had to compromise a great deal in order to even be here.”
“W-well…I…I’m not sure I understand what…you mean…” Didi blushed at this. She truly did not.
“But that’s just it. I imagine you as being encased in a kind of shifting concrete—unseen to you—yet one that allows you to move in whatever directions are deemed satisfactory to the mold at that given moment. All other paths and movements are blocked off to you, and you do not consider them, for you do not see them. The movements available to you, the paths to which you have access have thusly been carved out by the interests of others, and because of this, you have had scant opportunity to move for yourself, to surpass the boundaries of that invisible concrete and to see the potential that is easily within your grasp. The concrete has posed before you numerous insuperable barriers, numerous sources of concealment that have left any seeds of your ambition unnurtured. Nevertheless, you have navigated as best as you could while remaining subservient to the whims and intentions of others—whether it was Yuri, her relatives, Bunnu…”
Didi barked at this, “Bunnu? How?”
The Outlander paused for a moment and put a finger to his lips as he said thoughtfully, “I wonder if by seeking to empower you, I’ve committed the same error as the missionaries who wished to bless us with a sense of entitlement. It is a condescending gesture bestowed upon the less fortunate by those in a position of power or privilege. The power of self-possession cannot be conferred from an external source and one cannot compel another to grab it for herself. Even the act of trying to make you see in what ways you are aggressively exploited by those around you is, in fact, itself an act of aggressive exploitation.”
“Well, I-“
“I mean it would indeed be a self-serving gesture for me to pronounce upon you what it is you deserve that you are being deprived of, or even what it is you think you ought to deserve. I’m certain that you, too, see no merit in telling some poor sod of a lower caste that he should have a better understanding of his rights and entitlements. Even if there were a bag of money with his name on it sitting in reach of him and he did not know it was there for him to take, it would be not a gesture of kindness, but superiority to suggest to him that it was his to take. You elevate your status to that of the magnanimous individual who would abnegate all claim to something you could certainly take for yourself in favor of one you perceive to be more needy. You show by gesture that you do not hate the poor, as the poor are naturally akin to suspect. You thwart their attempts to see you for who you are by affecting a mask even to yourself. A mask of empathy.”
“Well, yes but-“
“But what if he was begging for money and this bag of money was in his proximity, you ask? What if that money was right there sitting behind him and he didn’t see it? That is certainly what you wished to ask just now. Yes? Well, it’s quite simple. He is not lowering himself by asking you specifically for money. He is merely seeking to survive. By giving him money from your own pocket, you are doing nothing wrong either and you are not lowering him in any way. You are merely giving him what he has asked for, as he has appealed to you directly and you deemed this action to be right given the circumstances. However, calling his attention to the bag of money that is sitting right behind him—the money he did not ask for—even if it was the same or greater in value to the amount you were bound to give him on your own: this action would be a severe betrayal of his dignity. It would serve to disgrace the individual.”
“So, I can give him the money, but I cannot call his attention to the money behind him that is available to him? But wh-“
“Because that’s your money.”
“But I don’t need it.”
“How do you know that? Who ever really knows that?”
“But he needs it more than I do.”
“Who’s to say who needs what more? Aren’t you being presumptuous about his situation?”
“But he’s very clearly suffering. He’s on the street and begging.”
“Well, if you feel guilty about it, then give the gentleman some money! Don’t be stingy!”
“But you’re saying that I should give him my money. Give him a handout instead of alerting him to the opportunity of money he can take for himself.”
“Yes, because the latter is disgraceful. Either you make the transaction or you do not. If you hand him the money, he obtains the financial benefit and you temporarily alleviate your shame.”
“My shame?”
“Yes, once you take that out of the equation, the action becomes a non sequitur. In his eyes, what the devil would you get out of alerting him to the money? You are forfeiting from a zero-sum game, instead of taking steps towards a win-win outcome. Disgraceful!” 
The face of the untouchable flashed before Didi’s mind again. “A win-win outcome…” she said quietly. “Uncle, I think sometimes you really say mad things.”

VI.

“This is perhaps the most insolent thing you have said to me this morning. I applaud your brazenness with heartfelt sincerity, for surely you have unburdened yourself of all the hesitation that attends the act of being forthcoming—a large thing indeed to ask of a fine young lady of Kaiiban breeding. To ask this of a young lady where I am from would probably have been less burdensome—at least in my time, I cannot speak for now—so I am heartened to see you up to this challenge. At any rate, I assure you that I am not completely mad in seeing things the way I do. It may be unkind of me to see it so, but unfortunately, it is as pragmatic as one can be. But yes, perhaps I presented it to you wrongly. The key component is not ensuring that both sides win in this arrangement. More critical than that is whether or not shame remains the catalyzing element of human action. Shame must be a key driver of any behavior—otherwise the behavior in question is stripped of its metaphysical and social utility. And operating in the absence of said utility, we are relegated to carrying ourselves over in a fashion much similar to that of Land Eels…or, worse yet, to that of Bonobo Slugs—at once, mindlessly promiscuous, and by and by, self-preservationist in a way devoid of even the slightest compunction. Wretched, debauched and cruel to the very core of instinct!”
“But why shame? That just…seems arbitrary!”
“My dear, shame can form the deepest and most profound wellsprings of our ambition, our industry, our economy. To deprive human movement of this quality is to deprive it of its larger sense of altruism and to incline it, thusly, toward a fiercer animalistic depravity.” 
“I just don’t see it. You say that it is a human quality. But do dogs not feel shame when they have caused their masters displeasure? Perhaps it is a put on? The dogs show a pleading expression we take to be shame? Or maybe it’s an attempt to beg favor?”
“I am not sure how to answer most of those questions, but yes, they are most capable of affecting shame. Whether the shame is genuine or not: it matters little. They are trained to be so.”
“Are humans not similarly so?”
“Not as much in the public sense as would be the case with…I mean, there’s a more private and introspective quality to human sh—to human…” he paused for a second, seemingly running back mentally over his argument for flaws. He cleared his throat calmly and proffered in a humble manner, “A very wise contention, my young friend. The rest of your family could learn a thing or two from you. I had O. pegged as the smart one in this clan, but now I see that his silent thoughtfulness can easily be outdone by a simple methodical line of questioning. Good on you, Miss! So you say that shame is, in fact, a social innovation: a means of discouraging behavior damaging to the individual, the habitat and the community.”
“I don’t know. Am I saying that?”
“Well, certainly you could be asserting so even if you don’t realize it. But perhaps, you are discounting the possibility of shame being a built-in biological mechanism—an inborn capacity encoded into our genes—whose very expression of phenotypic traits is predicated upon the extent to which it is nurtured in early childhood. To wit, the absence of moral strictures or pervading codes of private and public decency could leave that shame competency underdeveloped and lacking in certainty. It is a muscle that is not flexed with consistency, and therefore, it is easily atrophied, or otherwise flexed only in moments of severe instinctual despair. There are sources of remorse that penetrate even the most rudimentary of altruism-based social codes. Wrongdoing against one’s own kin for example. Deprived of this, we venture into the territory of social or mental ailments, which we need not explore for the sake of argument. Let us abide, therefore, by the logic that shame is a constant in human society—whether in large or short measure—and that it accounts for that extra push we make in the direction of pointed action. Take, for example, even the most amoral-seeming of individuals: an assassin or a con artist, a ruthless tyrant even. Underlying their motives for committing heinous acts is likely a devastating shame. The con artist sees the elites of an aristocratic society—or worse yet, he suffers the contempt of the well-to-do’s in a meritocratic society where he is seen as having no reason for not having achieved a similar level of success. In the aristocratic society, he is a peasant with no mobility, seen as a street rat unless he can succeed in concealing his low background and impressing his marks. In the meritocratic society, he is a loser who can only succeed if he can convince the winners that he is an even greater winner. There is the necessity of concealment of self propagated by the sense of shame, by that feeling that one’s sustenance in the Accursed Lands is dependent upon one’s predilection for self-annihilation and one’s drive to manipulate external perception to one’s benefit. It is a survival instinct, but it is generated out of shame. The assassin and the tyrant are no less driven by shame—and possibly even by a self-loathing cast upon them like a sculptor’s mold by the people who have made them feel inadequate, helpless or insecure in one way or another.”
“But these are extreme examples. What about everyday people? What about farmers and merchants? What about peasants and layabouts and wastrels?” Didi paused for a moment, “What about untouchables—those who have inherited their place in the caste system?”
“My simple answer is this: why do they continue on with the everyday monotony? All of them? The farmers, peasants and merchants: some are happy, but most are miserable with the dread of repetition. The untouchables too. The worst malice to which they are subjected is utter boredom for certainly they are equipped with the wherewithal to do more than simply tend to our refuse, our sewage and our deceased. Why continue? Because it would be an evasion of their duty and a severe betrayal to their larger sense of altruism.”
“Then is it not the duty or the altruism that drives behavior? Shame seems like a negative view of humanity.”
“You are probably on to something here. Let me ask you this. On a windy day in your home, sometimes the doors shut on their own. Sometimes it is the force of the wind that pushes the door shut, or the vacuum created by the wind that pulls it shut. But what do we say? ‘The wind slammed the door shut.’ Maybe even if we understand the precise mechanism behind the door shutting, we are less concerned with it, because we know it to be an interlinked cycle of forces. So, it is, perhaps with duty, altruism and shame. I would add one more, now that we’ve mentioned it—a dread for boredom.”
“But why is this important?”  
“Perhaps it is not important except with respect to the nature of the Accursed Lands. With or without shame, humans will continue to contribute the larger Cosmos in the form of chemical exchange. However, shame cannot live independently of purpose. It only exists because we perceive there to be some internal or external standard to which we must align our actions.”
“Would you call that standard our ‘purpose?’ It seems more like our sense of decency.”
“…which derives from our purpose! We cannot have morals and ethics—shared or unshared—without a common belief that human life has a purpose.”
“I see—I misunderstood what you meant by purpose. I thought you meant it to be a sole reason for a person’s existence. Like a sense of calling. But you mean something broader—you are talking about the meaning of human life. Is there a purpose to it?”
“Yes, I see now where my lack of definition for ‘purpose’ could be misleading. But I think now we are talking about the same concept. And I do not mean to imply that it is human life only that we should deem purposeful. In fact, I question the cognitive capacities of any who would give universal priority to human life over other forms of life. Nevertheless, our survivalist instinct presupposes that we adopt a human-centric position in our interactions with other organisms. This is mostly for the sake of ensuring not only the continuation of our species, but also our ability to reason that ours is not the only form of life worthy of consideration. But we do still have our priorities. For example, let us assume that the pauper to whom you have decided to give money lives among diseased rats. Would you show concern for the welfare of the rats? What of the affliction that has spread among them? Maybe it is a dying affliction, and we should be concerned for its eradication.”
“I…I’m not sure how I’m supposed to feel about all of this.”
“Well, that’s just it. From where does our compassion for our fellow man derive and how is it that we fall short of empathy for our more distant biological relatives?”
“Perhaps it is a commonality of traits and the probability of being subject to similar circumstances. We see ourselves in that person’s shoes. We can’t see ourselves as easily in the position of the rat or of the pestilence on the verge of eradication.”
“So, we see greater value because of our subjective identification. We feel shame that it is not us in these circumstances?”
“Not shame for that, but possibly shame at going about our days with comparative ease, and for not having done anything much to contribute to a more just society in which such individuals are less likely to suffer.”
“A just human society.”
“Yes, a just human society. I suppose we could just as easily hope for a society that offers equal benefits to Heisenpigs as well…”
“Heisenpigs…” Rakesh-7 said with a hint of momentary concern.
Realizing where his mind was now going, Didi asked, “Uncle, what has been happening with Bunnu? Is he upset with you?”
“Unfortunately, I can only equate his current problems with the utter stupidity of his upbringing. I speak ill of Raju and Yuri only out of my great love for them. I am aware that outside of this attic, the norms of society have changed and people are less likely to accommodate an old ungrateful man like me in their homes—even if he is a friend of a long-dead relative. I also know that it is silly for me to comment on the proper parenting of anyone, having never had children myself. But there are things that I can still see from my perspective—that anyone can see from his or her perspective that would strike one as amiss.”
Didi suppressed her immediate desire to ask the burning question that had always been on her mind: how it was the Outlander had ended up here. And why. Two questions actually. Instead, she kept the conversation focused on this particular matter, “But everyone’s worried about him…I mean, he’s virtually invisible when he is here. And it seems like with each passing day, he’s here even less and less.”
“The boy is impatient,” was all the Outlander had to say on this matter. “And confused between conflicting ideologies: between the political affiliations of his Football League and the fierce loyalism of his mother for that dimwit who used to be king. What’s his-“
“Keisuke-610 you mean. Charismatic K.”
“Yes, him.”
“Some kids came up to me in the street and said that Yuri has attended meetings.”
“Kaiiban Liberation Front. Would hardly call those meetings. My visitors tell me that there are only a few of them around.”
“Your visitors tell you those kinds of things?”
“I may be a guest in this house, but I’m not disinterested in the affairs of it. Matters of political importance have now become chief matters of familial importance. The migrations of this clan, after all, have always been in reaction to some political shift or another. I would be remiss if I did not stay abreast of such matters. Therefore, I endure these visits by fortune seekers only because they, in turn, end up proving to be key sources of intel.”
“Intel?”
“Let’s just say that there are no operations being undertaken just yet. If there need to be, however, it is important to be well-informed.”
“Operations?”
“Anyway, yes. You were asking about meetings. Your stepmother only attended one meeting, mostly to indulge one or her pesky neighbors. You know the one with the wart on her chin—Olina Battlesnort. That’s not her name, but it sounds similar. Anyway, the old bird has an unhealthy affinity for ol’ Charmy K. But you said some kids came up to you in the street? Teammates of Bunnu? Or members of a rival team possibly. Maybe from another league altogether. There’s a lot of crossover and multiple memberships of leagues. In fact, there are more leagues than there are teams. It’s a tangled web. At any rate, Bunnu’s teammates have probably caught wind of your mum’s affiliations and are hazing the hell out of him over it. He hasn’t spoken very much to me recently, but last we talked, he’d mentioned something about a coach being unhappy with the situation with O. though I don’t know exactly why. Not even sure if he was talking about a coach from the league. Anyway, all of this can’t be easy on him.” He paused thoughtfully for a moment, “Maybe it was a life coach…” 
That last addition proved to be a nonstarter, as Didi remained fixated on the Outlander’s previous speculation: “Is that why he’s always running off?”
“I think it’s a variety of things. Mostly, it’s just his nature. He’s a curious and sensitive boy. He connects better it seems with open spaces than he does with people. That doesn’t mean that he is indifferent to their movements.”
“I saw him this evening on the side of the highway.”
“Are you sure it was him?”
Didi nodded.
Rakesh-7 sighed. “Well…I’m not sure what he was there to do. Maybe hoping to find a way out of town. Maybe just watching the passing of carriages. There is something calming in that. In watching others proceed to some destination by night. There is a lot mystery and wonder around it. I don’t think he likes the hawza he’s attending. I think it’s the other students. I know that his truancy has become an issue, but Raju has been too busy with dealing with worker disputes and issues within his Organ Cloning Guild to meet with the school authorities. Yuri’s been absorbed with her relatives—I think she’s also still helping out at the temple with the preparations for the O-bousan’s memorial ceremonies. In a way, their inattention has been good for him, as he’s had a lot of time to feed his curiosity. But that doesn’t mean that they don’t come down on him hard at inappropriate times in an attempt to overcompensate for the long periods of time that they’ve focused their attentions on other matters.”
“I’ve never seen them do that.”
“Well, they won’t in front of you. But especially when there is a complaint from his school, there’s inevitably a conversation—an argument between the two—in his presence about how these low-breed Bahlians are having a bad influence on him. Doesn’t do wonders about the way he feels about himself, most certainly.”
“Poor Bunnu.”
“I don't think he pays it much mind though. He seems to be able to step back and see that they are projecting their own strange misconceptions on his situation. That’s a rare ability—but that doesn’t mean their words won’t stick with him.”
“Do you think he feels like he doesn’t belong here?”
“Belong? What does that mean?”
“I mean he doesn’t have a sense of belonging.”
“I still don’t understand what that means.”
“It means to feel like you are a welcomed part of something. That who you are matters and is accepted where you are.”
“Do you feel that?”
“I’m not sure. Maybe not.”
“Of course you don’t. You have your unique experiences, your unique qualities. Does anyone ever feel this belonging of which you speak? If they do, I’m inclined to suspect that they haven’t had sufficient opportunity to explore who they really are. It’s too bound up and intertwined with the group. The group affiliation is identity. What nonsense!”
“Hmmm.”
“If you are feeling a little too comfortable with your identity and in your surroundings, you simply aren’t trying hard enough to understand what sets you apart. Bunnu is doing that, and I think, therefore, doing a good thing. And judging by your appearance, I can see you are doing the same.”
“Today was my first day.”
“Aye…a long day at that, it seems. A beginner: that’s what you are, but it’s a good start.”
“Uncle, I met a lot of people today.”
“Did you feel a sense of belonging with them?”
“No, I felt uncomfortable the whole time.”
“Good. That means you are doing something right.”
“Uncle I-“
“It looks like I’ll have to cut our conversation short, my dear. A line is already forming outside. Fortune seekers await!”
“I really enjoyed this talk.”
“I miss speaking with your brother, but you, my dear, are a delight indeed. We’ll pick up where we left off another time. Now promise me you’ll get some sleep!”
“I’ll miss school if I sleep now.”
“There’ll still be plenty of typing, tanning and metallurgy to learn tomorrow. Get some rest, my dear! And be well!”
At the Sallow Falls B&B

I.

The audience had dispersed fairly quickly leaving now only the three men in broad-collared overcoats in the corner of the smoke-filled room. As he packed up his equipment on stage, Ottoman peered nervously in the direction of the seated trio. He did not recognize their faces, but this did not mean he was not somehow acquainted with them. This sort of thing had happened before. He couldn’t help but be reminded about how Mister Bunnu had failed to recognize him on the day of his arrest, in spite of their obvious acquaintance. Perhaps, it was a similar case with him and these men. Didi, however, was less impressed by the presence of these seeming stragglers. Now, she shot her husband a look of irritation, her eyes seeming to excoriate him for the foolishness of imagining that he should somehow come to rekindle an acquaintance with these men by merely peeking at their faces. “Stop wasting time …” she now muttered scoldingly. 
His pained eyes met hers—the ceaseless movement of this tour had lent them both to a baseline of irritability: her more so than him. Naturally, this traversal of the oppressive currents of sludgy air could only sap them of their emotional resilience—Didi, for one, appeared now sluggishly irked by the fact that the men in the corner insisted on wearing those stuffy overcoats in this primordial stew of night, to say nothing of the fact that this was the very same style of overcoat Ottoman had once worn as a member of the Morellan Intercultural Settlement police force: a humiliating chapter of their lives that she no longer wished to remember. Yet, looking upon her, and noting, in this moment, the source of her most immediate displeasure, Ottoman found himself, in turn, annoyed by his wife’s annoyance, for it arose out of her appropriation of an ancient shame that belonged to him and him alone. The source of this shame, of course, was a matter of frequent debate between the two. Frankly, he was better accustomed to being disgraced than she, and for some peculiar reason, she saw in this an irreconcilable character flaw—a lack of moral fiber in not knowing what he was entitled to and what he should, therefore, demand for himself. In this way, she had become very much like Yuri, but he often hesitated to tell her so, for fear that she should blow up at him as she had earlier this morning in the cabin in front of the Fancy Man. Anyway, at this particular moment, he didn’t have the energy to dredge up that old conversation about the many ways in which he had been insulted by his comrades and subordinates, but vowed, in any case, to revisit it later: perhaps tomorrow after a decent night’s sleep, unless they were again plagued by their relentless insomnia. 
There was little one could do, after all, to bear up against that insomnia of midsummer. 
To say the least, they were both exhausted and miserable in their current state. They were fatigued by the frantic movements of day, and riddled with withering anguish by night. Adding also to the couple’s vexations was that pervading stress of obligation that they had both long felt in attempting repeatedly and unsuccessfully to locate and secure Bunnu—as this was something which neither of them delighted in doing, but which they were, nevertheless, compelled to do for the sake of the ailing Rakesh-7. Didi, in spite of her loyalty to family and her great love for her uncle, felt rather resentful at being made to spend so much of her own life seeking after a brother who seemed to wish not to be found. The search had been incessant, had compelled them to take on the lives of nomads and had filled them with the sense that their own happiness was of lesser importance to the family than that of Bunnu. Even now, the thrill of this morning’s success at locating Bunnu was being overshadowed by their growing suspicion that he would not show up at the lounge of this inn as he had promised. And, at this point, the probability of his appearing at such a late hour could only be dwindling exponentially with each passing second. Their performance had already ended, the crowd had vanished and the enduring twilight had now receded to the black of midnight. And thus, it became increasingly unlikely that he should bother to make that journey across the falls and to this inn. This surely meant that they would have to resume their search for him tomorrow for there was no way that they could return to Rakesh-7’s bedside without him. Yes—they would have to start again from scratch and hope that things would work out for the better this time around.
 Unfortunately, this was what their life had become of late. And their inability to proceed with matters according to their own terms had naturally started to take its toll on their marital relations. For one thing, the degradation of performing before apathetic strangers every night had eroded their confidence in themselves and their attraction for one another. Having once been an untouchable, Ottoman was less affected by this humiliation than Didi—all the same, he had reached an age in which he hoped for a better life for himself and for his wife. Perhaps, this was a midlife crisis of sorts, but it seemed that he had begun to expect more, and so he appeared immensely dissatisfied with the severe self-limitation to which he was now being subjected because of this Sisyphean search for his brother-in-law. Didi, for her part, was no less frustrated. In spite of her appreciation for her husband’s generosity toward her kin, she found herself upset with him for not having a better plan for getting them around the countryside than as singing and dancing tramps. But then, she would also sometimes feel guilty for thinking about it in this way, as he seemed to be doing all that he could to help. 
Or was he? Could he not do better? 
This last question did not arise solely out of her disappointment in their living conditions, but more precisely out of her conviction that Ottoman was simply wasting his talents. Surely, there had to be some way for him to utilize his skills and potential more effectively. She wanted to think that there existed the means for his securing more sustainable employment and the opportunity to succeed in doing so without compromising too greatly the priority that the family had placed on the search for her brother. She was even willing to put the search for Bunnu on the backburner (‘backburner’—this was a new word for her) in favor of giving Ottoman the space to ‘focus on his career’ (this, too, was a relatively fresh concept in this new age of hypermeritocracy). Yet, when she told him that she wished for him to put his work first, he would only snort bitterly that it was already too late and that she should have said something before—preferably in the presence of Rakesh-7. He seemed to feel that they were stuck now. And there was no telling him otherwise, for he had already thrown himself headlong into the idea of roving about the countryside. To a certain degree, she agreed with him: it was already ‘too late’—but only because there was no more reasoning with him once he had committed them both to the only course he’d assumed available: to live as wandering performers. Obviously, this was not an option in which he appeared to take great satisfaction, but he was unfortunately blind to any other alternative. And no matter what Didi said, he showed no willingness to listen, as it seemed that any other options she proposed were, to his mind, tantamount to a fuzziness of thinking. As he saw it, there was no changing course once they had made that solemn pledge. All they could do now was proceed in the most cautious and controlled manner possible—and he had taken it upon himself to guide them along this path. He appeared unwilling to tolerate any risks, or any unknowns in this formula governing their lives. As wandering entertainers, there were manageable compromises, manageable costs involved. There was the promise of flexibility and the hope of a reasonable living to be made. As far as he was concerned, this was the only practical choice available, and thusly, the only course they could feasibly pursue together without inviting the possibility of grave misfortune. And yet, in spite of all the precautions he had taken to ensure them a safe and relatively trouble-free existence, he was utterly miserable at the prospect of being relegated to such a life, even though it was well within his control to change course. And so, while he stupidly blamed her for getting him into this seemingly intractable situation, she blamed him simultaneously for being so narrow-minded and unresourceful as to choose it for himself. 
To be sure, her guidance often fell upon deaf ears and it seemed that her implorations only served to distract him further when he was otherwise deep in thought. This would have troubled Didi more profoundly if she didn’t have a firm understanding of where this otherwise oppressive-seeming negligence had its roots. It did not grow out of any conviction that her opinions and beliefs were illegitimate and, thereby, worthy of dismissal; nor did it sprout from the reasoning that she should be expected to cast her own inclinations aside in favor of his own overriding assumptions. On the contrary, it arose out of his fear that any wrong move should result somehow in a rift in their relationship. Naturally, he was probably overreacting terribly and behaving unaccountably irrational in thinking this way, but so intense was his anxiety of their being torn apart that it produced in him an ardent determination to choose for them both the most predictable course possible; unfortunately, his pigheadedness served ironically to endanger their relationship in ways that he still failed to recognize. Naturally, to remain so obtuse to her well-minded guidance was remote from his intentions. Suffice it to say that he had not quite been himself lately.
Truth be told, until recently, he had always been quite receptive to her ideas and supportive of her aspirations. For much of their marriage, he had encouraged her often; in fact, he had even chosen to leave the police force so that he could spend more time with her and give her the space to pursue whatever interested her (regrettably, she had put little thought into her own ambitions, but he seemed to want for her to take the time to do so and proceed in the direction that appealed to her most). All of this came to a halt, however, when they were charged with the duty of seeking out Bunnu and bringing him home to Bahlia. It was that familial priority—something overriding all momentary intention and something indeed that paralyzed any conception of individual endeavor—that brought forth in them both (but in him especially) an unconscious transformation. There was no firm authority, no unwavering commandment behind this task with which they had been charged—no consequence of scathing judgment were they to fall short of the desired outcome. Nevertheless, this burning obligation was sufficient to overwhelm their individual and shared priorities. 
At one moment, there was the mutual regard and deference of marital life (a source of stability for them both, most certainly), and then, in the next, there was this eruption of deafening static—a blast from afar knocking them flat and scattering their attentions. It was the whisper of an old, dying man that had triggered this cosmic event—Rakesh-7, in sickness and without air, merely mouthing that appeal: a wish or maybe a prayer. Whatever the case, even in those shaky syllables, it was evident that he was asking for Bunnu. Wheezing like a tempest in decline, he besought esoteric apparitions in sputtering incantation for the return of this wayward apprentice. He heard an affirmation from beyond: Bunnu, he concluded, would be brought to him. His eyes, then, fell upon Ottoman, and the former detective put his hand over his heart and offered something that sounded like a pledge in spite of the persistent twitch of his own mustache. And soon thereafter came that static burst, hissing and screeching and bearing down upon them from some remote origin: a summoned fire tearing through stretches without form, incinerating, along its traversal, mild and unencumbered void with relentless expectation. And immediately they could feel the flare of this nuisance searing the backs of their necks, overwhelming both body and mind. Ottoman was more susceptible to the heat of this blistering obligation than Didi, it seemed, and perhaps this had something to do with a certain vulnerability he bore when it came to this question of duty. And so, in this scorch of fury waned his respectful attention, and Didi’s words soon became something like an intermittent signal amidst a feverish boil toward movement.
Movement became now their primary directive while all else sank into indistinct vapor. Any words that failed to serve the larger course of action became thereby irrelevant and immediately ignored. There remained for them only that elusive next step. And yet, for some time, they found themselves without any clear direction in which to take it. There was all this frantic energy to act, but no way in which to channel it. What was more, Rakesh-7 had offered them no clues about how to go about all this, but had only said plainly that Bunnu was to be brought his way—a formidable pronouncement, to be sure, considering that Bunnu was still, at that time, imprisoned at the Asoka Plains Detention Facility. Conceivably, in the throes of illness, the Outlander had had little energy to consider the magnitude of the undertaking with which he was charging them. Therefore, they were somewhat at a loss as to how to proceed. And matters certainly did not become any easier for them once Bunnu escaped from his captivity—after all, how were they now to locate him? In Ottoman’s eyes, and to Didi’s fervent displeasure, their immediate recourse became this life of tiresome music and tireless movement.
Movement for movement’s sake: that’s what it became (and their music was no less an act of such improvised utility). They journeyed perfunctorily through the days and weeks and months with nothing to show for their efforts. This did not dim their vigilance, and certainly they grew accustomed enough to this lifestyle that it was often easy to forget that things had been any other way for them. In spite of the frequent exhaustion, their submission to the routines of movement bore a startling resemblance to that settled and stationary existence they had once embraced. Still, they knew that this endless wandering was still no substitute for the comforts of home. They were desirous, to some degree, of a different nature of everyday tedium, and so they became impatient for this terrible phase of their lives to end. Unfortunately, their journeys, it seemed, were without bound. There was no guarantee of success and no timeline within which they could hope to achieve it. And sometimes what looked like hope was merely a temptation. Now and again, they would get a lead or two that looked promising, but this would only give rise to a series of wild goose chases. Sometimes they would arrive in some place Bunnu had been, but an hour or a day too late, or maybe even a few thousand steps to the left or the right of whatever happened to be the ‘right place’ at that specific ‘right time.’ In other moments, they would find, to their own chagrin, that they had been working along questionable leads, or getting information from reliable sources plagued with faulty information. They managed to track down no shortage of Buntu’s, Bunna’s and Binnula’s—even a few Bunnu’s who shared the same month and year of birth—but they made no actual headway in locating the Bunnu they sought. And so, they trekked from forests to mountains to deserts to sea. And faced with these evershifting landscapes, they saw no recourse but to tread cautiously and on the balls of their feet, and to adjust their footing and the direction of traversal whenever their stride fell upon a questionable heading—all of this in the faint hope that their attentiveness and timely calibration should allow them to stray from the distraction of those winding trails and emerge upon a more definitive path. And naturally, this zeal for making the right move at the right time in order to get to that elusive ‘right place’ often lent them to a certain degree of anxiety regarding the best course to take without countervailing too greatly against their own objectives (and, in a broader sense, against their ambitions for themselves and each other, however remote and abstruse these had now become). 
Ottoman soon came to show a pronounced bemusement in the face of the competing priorities involved in the decisions to be taken. And thus, he grew easily excitable, and, over time, irrepressibly piqued at even the slightest setback. Inexplicably, he relented to ceaseless consternation over whether or not he was making the right decisions, even in matters as trivial as their choices of meals. These small decisions were too much to handle, for there was no prefiguring what portent they held upon larger matters, and in what way such missteps could prevail in elevating the likelihood of larger cataclysms. 
What he didn’t want, what seemed to frighten him most was to lose that which he valued greatly, and so he erupted into near paroxysms over the slightest threat to this precious domain. He barely slept at night, and often paced back and forth, awakening Didi with the incessant creaks of trod-upon floorboards. He dissected every choice made, wondering if they had selected the correct path, and quivered with uncertainty as to whether these tiny decisions were, over the course of time, spelling certain doom for the both of them. He expressed great trepidation about whether or not they were ever going to make progress in finding Bunnu, and whether this task was even worthwhile in the first place, as it had thrown them both into uncertain parameters. And when he became particularly unhinged, he blamed Didi for allowing this task to so easily be put upon them and for giving him little say in such matters; of course, this was an absurd suggestion, as he had never once questioned the importance of taking on this mission—for it was he, and not Didi, who had first pledged to the Outlander with his hand upon his own heart that he would locate Bunnu and bring him back. Still, he blamed her for not speaking up at the time and for not saying that it wasn’t their place to take on this task and that they had their own concerns to attend to—in her recalcitrance to do so, he believed, she had not only shown a patent disregard for his feelings, but had also identified for herself a means of escape from pursuing her own individual potential. He accused her of using this secondary matter as a distraction from her ambitions and for confining herself to mediocrity for the sake of an arbitrary loyalty to kin. 
Of course, his saying so upset her, but she tried to be patient and understand that he was in an acute emotional state. She was as well, but his was much more driven by the uncertainty of their circumstances than hers. She knew that it was for her sake that he had made that promise to Rakesh-7. He had done so begrudgingly and in spite of the fact that the mission terrified him, and for that she could not help but feel grateful. Ottoman, she knew, had always been willing to give up everything, even his own career, in order that she could pursue her own happiness and make a whole person of herself. The irony of it was that she was willing to go to any length to do the same for him, for she could see how unhappy he had been even as a detective and knew that he had the potential to do something more with himself; and yet, in spite of this reciprocal devotion, they both found themselves relegated to this secondary obligation that exasperated them both, albeit one that managed to supersede all mutual priority. 
There was no doubt in her mind that Ottoman had only made this pledge to Rakesh-7 because he had long seen how fraught with concern she had been over Bunnu’s welfare; thus, in response to his pledge, she could only devote herself similarly to the completion of this task, if for no other reason than now for the sake of a husband who had put his own honor and dignity on the line. He was so generous—too generous—to her, and so she wanted to relieve him of the burden of this task and take it on herself. Yet, telling him that he should leave the searching to her only caused him more panic. He took her appeals for him to focus on his career as a sign that she was shutting him out. In exasperated tones, he would insist that there were in this together and it was not for her to say that the obligation was not a shared burden. His eyes would tear up and he would drop to his knees forlornly, proclaiming solemnly that this was a moment they were not to lose together—now and in the prime of their lives. And while this sentiment warmed her heart, it was his way of going about things, his ridiculous assumption that there was no other way than the way he prescribed that ruined for her what should have been a good feeling. If nothing else, it was this very prime of their lives that was being compromised by this wretched lifestyle they had adopted. 
Yet, once again, she could not fault him for this simple-minded adherence to duty, for this impetuousness mistaken in his own mind for ‘pragmatism.’ Ottoman, who had lost his family, his village and his whole culture in the overlap of shadow and flame, and who still could not understand sufficiently the kin-selective altruism that bound her family together, was yet unable to bear the thought of losing her. As far as he was concerned, being with her was all that mattered: the rest was mere periphery.
It was shortsighted of him to view matters in this way, but this was simply the way he was. He could not help behaving like this as he had had a traumatic childhood, and these early experiences had left an indelible impression upon him. He had lost so much, so many people in his life. She had, too, but she had been fortunate enough to be taken into the home of Raju and Yuri while still in her formative years. He, on the other hand, had had no one to take him in—there were only those like Sanchez and others who had exploited him. Didi was the first and only true connection he had ever had in his life. He said this to her frequently, and she knew he meant it. 
Therefore, it was important to be understanding and patient with him. He had his idiosyncrasies—yes—but he meant well. He was just anxious, that’s all. And this was what was preventing him from thinking clearly.
Yes, he meant well: it was important that she keep telling herself this.

II.

Didi’s attempts at reasoned compassion were not lost on Ottoman. It was clear enough that she was merely humoring him, and this condescension only upset him further. 
Why could she not grasp, as he did, that to be apart would spell certain disaster for them both? It was the very same reason he had deemed it more suitable for them to travel together as wandering musicians than for him to pursue some other line of work that she saw as commensurate with his previous experience in the police force. Choosing this nomadic existence, he believed, was less likely to get in the way of their happiness and separate them from one another. What sort of profession, after all, had such immeasurable value as to induce a man to live separately from the person he loved most in this world? 
Of course, she did not seem to share his fear that any time apart should endanger her welfare or their relationship. She professed that it was only reasonable that he should focus on his career and leave the searching to her. She even had the nerve to suggest that she had braved the dangers of solo travel once before—when she was on the run from Anup and heading in the direction of Bahlia. He could not help but be hurt by this, for it was clear that she did not seem to care about being together half as much as he did. She only wanted to be a ‘good daughter’ to her family and a ‘good sister’ to her brother. For some reason, these labels mattered.
To him, it seemed all this talk about how he should strive for a profession in better alignment with his skills: this was all a diversion from the core issue between them. Unfortunately, it was difficult for him to pinpoint exactly what this issue was. Perhaps, she did not know either, but sensed it vaguely in the same way as him. Something had changed between them most certainly. Occasionally, she would grow quiet, and it became difficult to know what was on her mind. Admittedly, he would sometimes grow suspicious and unaccountably jealous when she behaved this way, but then he would later feel guilty for having harbored such unpleasant feelings about her, for certainly they only served to impugn her character unjustly. There was no doubt that she was an honorable person and to think ill of her was to be an insect unworthy of her affections. She was not being disloyal to him, and he should not jump to any hasty conclusions with regard to her motives for seeking to live apart. It was certainly possible that she had meant what she’d said about his profession. She probably did want what was best for him, but presumably failed to consider the enormity of the consequences involved. Certainly, she did not have as firm a grasp on the logistics as he. And maybe she really did feel that her sense of duty with respect to Bunnu should not unduly burden her husband. This was indeed considerate on her part, but it was no less a dodge from her individual potential, and no less an escape from this life that they had built together. 
And yes, he recognized the irony in conflating their relationship with her sense of individual purpose, but he felt that there also came with her sense of familial duty a certain avoidance at taking responsibility for her own life and her own happiness—presumably she was evading any commitment at pursuing a real purpose in her own life by assuming a task that would otherwise have taken on a secondary importance for her. That is to say that Ottoman did not feel jealous of this commitment, or envious of the attention being given to her brother, but rather perplexed that all of this should come to supersede other important aspects of their lives. She could easily have spoken up and refused Rakesh-7 flatly when he started yammering on about Bunnu. She could have said that they had their own lives to live and that they could not compromise this even for his sake. She even could have reminded him that her parents were unaware of this request and possibly would not have approved. 
Yet, she had said nothing in that moment, and Ottoman could only thusly sense a kind of nagging guilt on her part, the feeling that she was not doing enough to be a good sister to her brother. And if he had not sensed the abundance of significance she placed on this obligation, he might never have made that pledge to Rakesh-7 to retrieve him. There was a sense of duty behind it—yes, but the core of this arose out of the loyalty he sensed in Didi toward her family as well as that palpable guilt she had borne over the years with respect to the fate of both her brothers. Ottoman knew that she blamed herself and the debt that she had brought upon the household for the departure of O. and for Bunnu’s eventual imprisonment. He also knew that this was a somewhat self-serving assumption on her part, but had never the heart to tell her so. After all, it was not his place. Regardless, he did whatever he could to be supportive, and, to that end, it seemed that finding Bunnu was the only recourse left to them now. Their lives would have doubtlessly been easier had she placed greater priority on her own aspirations and on their life together than on this pointless obligation.
And in spite of the fact that he wanted her to feel liberated from such burdens and driven instead to her individual purpose, perhaps even this desire was, in its own way, overbearing and unjust to her. But then, what was he to do to prevent her from this obliteration of self? Conceivably, it was foolish to attribute her devotion to her family to a lack of commitment to their relationship. But then, he couldn’t help but wonder if this wasn’t all a grand attempt to get away both from him and from her own potential—not to say (once again) that the two were inextricably intertwined, but only that he meant to support her ambitions. There was no mistaking the fact that she was free-spirited, so perhaps she mistook his supportive gestures as controlling behavior. 
And yet, she was no less forceful in her beliefs, for she had placed all her priority on Ottoman’s professional success without sufficient concern over whether or not his pursuit of a career would compromise their ability to be together. To her mind, it was indeed his irrational fear of separation that inhibited him from assimilating the task of finding Bunnu effectively into his larger career planning. She rebuked him for being too conservative in his thinking and for not giving sufficient attention to the opportunities that lay at his grasp. Perhaps he was being too cautious—and this may well have attested to his general simple-mindedness—nevertheless, there persisted, for him, a palpable importance to achieving a tautness of mind when it came to their fortunes, a rigor that would lend to them both a much-needed fortitude against making any sizeable mistakes. She, on the other hand, often had the tendency to muse over possibilities without considering the realities that must be faced along the way. It was easy to think that two disparate priorities could be held in balance when one did not consider the improbable steps and the harrowing pitfalls that were sure to be faced along the way. It was, to him, an illogical recourse.
From his standpoint, it was important to maintain always a subset of options with minimal risks; it was similarly crucial that they anticipate problems several steps in advance and that they take the appropriate measures to avert these crises whenever possible. He understood quite well—much better than she, it seemed—the importance of such vigilance, for to loosen the tight grip he maintained over their fates even slightly would have been tantamount to abandoning them both to unknown riptides that would pull from all sides and launch them into indeterminate vectors, casting each off again through space and time and, infinitely, to separation. Conceivably, she failed to see the tragic flaw in even the tiniest misstep, and seemed perplexed by the extreme care he exercised in his planning of each movement. But, then again, she had the luxury of being able to consign herself to a secondary role in these matters: even when he was eager to let her take the lead and pursue her personal aspirations, she seemed to view her own desires as immaterial. But why? Could this have been due to an inveterate laziness? To him, it seemed that she possessed no drives of her own, for she only lived according to the whims of others. But how could any person live like this and call herself an animate being? And how could it be that she could resign herself simply to being a piece to be moved about the game board by other players of varying motive? Perhaps, it was a kind of laziness. It could well have been that this mode of living was far easier for her to assume than any that enjoined her to grasp even a sliver of responsibility over her own destiny. It was not very much in line with the Didi he had once known—the same Didi who had driven new trails through the fresh snow on her first midnight horse ride to Bahlia. Still, in view of present matters, her surrender to the tides of circumstance almost seemed reasonable. Yet, at the same time, by assuming assertively this posture of passivity, she was not only displaying utter disregard for her own potential, but also a latent contempt for all that Ottoman had sacrificed for the sake of affording her the space to seek a purpose external to the overriding needs of her family. And so, while he lamented that she did not show adequate consideration for how he felt, she carried mutually the same lament about him.
The contradictions, thusly, were many and the only constant, it seemed, was their misery.

III.

Still more perplexing was the degree to which this shared dismay seemed to nurture in them both a peculiar dependence on these circumstances. That is to say that there was a curious poetry to this life of disappointment that they had chosen for themselves. They both recognized the tender aesthetic their mutual compromise engendered, but hesitated to give voice to it even slightly, for fear that doing so should somehow cheapen its integrity. It was a strange and vain gesture to choose a path of mediocrity, and then to deny the middling aspect of this course out of the equally vain assumption that this was the one and only high road to be taken. It was perplexing just to think of all the other roads, all the potential spurned for this one uninspired blind leap. But then again, maybe it was a thoughtful and inspired leap: there was a beauty indeed to them performing what they perceived to be their moral and familial duty, if only for the sake of others beside themselves. There was no self-interest in this, except perhaps the satisfaction to be gained in knowing that they had done the ‘right’ thing. And anyone who said differently—well, they simply didn’t understand! Such critics were outsiders anyway. Laughable! They didn’t know what it was like to have the level of connection they felt for one another! At any rate, in spite of their shared and unspoken romanticization, Didi found herself thinking daily about ways to get them out of this rut. A rut was a rut—no matter how poetic it seemed. Now and again, one must weave in a thread of pragmatism. She wracked her brains daily: surely there had to be some contact that her husband could leverage, some way to get him back into a position of some esteem in which his talents were well utilized and in which he could carry himself with that noble and altruistic dignity that so became him. He had once been Deputy Commissioner of the police force, after all—in spite of the humiliation he faced, his experience in that position still had to mean something! Perhaps, this was an unreasonable expectation, but she was disappointed by her husband’s lack of confidence in himself—though certainly she understood its roots better than anyone.
In spite of these grievances, it would have been unreasonable to perceive this current situation as accounting for all their marital difficulties. Even without this recent emphasis on Bunnu, their interactions had already long been strained—their movements artificial and lacking in the organic feeling that had once given them joy. In spite of their obvious loving regard for one another, there was something unnatural-seeming now in their interactions. 
But how did things get this way?
There existed—or rather, there existed the hint of having existed, however fleetingly so and remote now from physical experience—some grain of void, so infinitesimal and refined as to nearly evade perception and within which no meaning could persist beyond the abstract interconnections of self: a nihility of tangible facade, but yet a foundation whose plexiform countenance was molded only by the steady kneads of glacial indulgence, by the creeping inertia of vast sentiment over empty terrain—an inexorable force of affection alien both to proximity and ephemerality, for, even from remote fenestrations of this microcosmic integument, each connected point might sense distantly it was spiraling together with its counterpart in complementary oscillation, tangled and dangling in nebulae, spinning like protoplanetary discs correspondingly inverse in trajectory—such was the nature of this immaculate and featureless void that none other could enter. This spherical nullity was without limitation: independent of those illusory entities governing the parameters of the tangible universe; there was no up and down, forward and backward, side to side, yesterday or morrow—no Space-Time for the sphere was a residual bubble of infinite curvature propelled outward from the physical plane of existence. There was movement within the sphere but across no trajectory, for origin and destination existed as overlapping layers separated by a distance zero; movement was merely a frolicsome wriggle absent of intention, purpose and ambition—in a sense, pure. In unbounded void, divorced from time and space, there was the genuine exhilaration of discovery: the imprinting of nooks upon untouched firmament, the fashioning of caverns into which two points could nestle undisturbed, each spiraling, nevertheless, about the other’s axis. There was no memory for there was no past. All was blank and the only perforations made in the frail texture of this delicate bubble were those made by them together like footprints across an untouched snowy expanse. So it was, submerged in this solitary union, these two brilliant points swirled about each other playfully like binary stars chasing each other about an ever-shifting barycenter that led them across mountains and plains and deserts, through multiple forms and conscious incarnations, joining and dividing and meeting again with familiar eyes across rooms full of strangers—always in union even when advancing to separation. Always warmed by each other’s glow, fixed about the barycenter—always at play.
When he first encountered her, he knew somewhere vaguely that they had met before. He recognized her from across the room in the Aqua Pod when that Neanderthal, Sanchez, had carried her in over his shoulder and deposited her in the middle of that party. And when she awoke from her concoction-induced reverie, he could see that flicker of recognition as her eyes fell upon him—YES!—they had long known each other. Now they were reunited! And once again in proximity with her, his surroundings immediately faded and her figure took on the form of a distant constellation: was this how they had once known each other—as distant particles gazing wondrously upon each other from across the expanding universe? In these frail incarnations of present, they, of course, came to know each other only as a result of Sanchez’s bizarre theatrical spectacle involving the two of them: namely, Didi’s abduction and subsequent release. But, of course, each had known the light of the other’s corona distantly for they had circled that barycenter from opposing perimeters of the Cosmos for eons—though certainly they could scarcely admit this vague recognition to one another in the moment for fear of being rebuffed. And so they deigned to follow through with Sanchez’s experimental theater production if only to see each other again. They coexisted together in that storage shed under the watchful eyes of a wealthy audience for three months; all throughout, she remained as his hostage. There was no time for them to reveal their attraction for each other, for them to explore that timeless bond, as there could simply be no deviation from what was expected of them by Sanchez and, more importantly, by their audience. And so, Ottoman stuck to Sanchez’s script and tortured her, but of course she only feigned fear and suffered no great pain at the lashings she received, for indeed this was all to be playacting. Of course, the audience was not to know this, for Sanchez had fooled the whole town, including Didi’s family, into thinking that this was a genuine abduction. For their part, however, the two young actors were too enraptured by their giggles at the silliness of these affairs to take Sanchez’s stage direction very seriously, much to his annoyance. In the end, the spectacle proved to be one of Sanchez’s biggest flops; this troubled them very little, as they were relieved to be liberated from their audience. And in spite of Sanchez’s despondence at this failure, the ransom Yuri and Raju had paid was returned to them in full and with interest from the proceeds earned from ticket sales.
Ottoman and Didi were children at the time, but that genuinely naïve and child-like dynamic between the two of them never left. The details of the episode seemed almost silly and forgettable now: what mattered more was that they enjoyed each other’s company so much that it became impossible to be away from each other, for to do so would mean putting on that mask and facing strangers again. They were again as two asters drawn always to each other, for in this maddening vastitude of empty and abject pretension, their mutual affection bespoke a certain solace and fashioned for them a refuge within which they could keep themselves very much youthful, constantly giggling and speaking in silly, infantile voices, singing out-of-key to make each other laugh and behaving otherwise awkwardly and strange, because this other was the only entity in this cold universe with whom it felt natural and beautiful to comport oneself in a delightfully freakish way. They each dreaded, well in advance, the loneliness sure to be felt at the demise of the other. It was a morbid thought, but there was a bitter necessity to it. There would inevitably be a fading of that light and however close they were in proximity in the moment of this dreadful collapse, that luminosity would cease to be seen and there would be nothing more disappointing and hopeless one could possibly imagine than having to continue existing in its absence, and learning somehow to muddle around aimlessly in the dark emptiness. Why bother, after all? Such was the nature of their feelings for one another that they lamented at the idle temptations of infinitude. 
Yet, it seemed, in spite of this depth of connection, that they had recently come into a rough phase. It was not due to age, for certainly that youthful connection they held between them seemed to persist, even through their bickering—which, at times, seemed as fiery now as it had been 22 decades earlier. No, in that sense, their relations had not grown stale—they remained, rather, untarnished by time and reasonably impervious to the banalities of modern adulthood. Nevertheless, it seemed that some vague cloud had obscured the barycenter around which their spirits orbited, further eclipsing each’s view of the other. What could it have been and how could it so easily have come between these two, who otherwise only wished to spin about the other? What was this new agent? 
Ottoman had his theories. 
He had once overheard a group of visiting scientists in the alley outside a tavern talking about microbial signatures. All three of them were urinating against the wall and commenting on the microbes in their vicinity and how surely these would be different from the sort they would find outside of a pub in their own town. Since he was standing at the end of the alley and listening casually, he couldn’t catch most of what they were saying, but enough to come away with the understanding that each mass of flesh carried with it its own cloud—a bacterial and fungal signature. And it seemed, too, that different locales were host to different combinations of species of microbes—the corners of rooms, the surfaces of public toilets and the ventilation ducts: all of these allowed for the spread of invisible microbes throughout the interiors of buildings and then, eventually, outward into public spaces. In the breeze of air, in the garbage dumpsters, in drainage ditches—in all of these could be found a host of microorganisms unique to this climate, geography and ecosystem. These scientists were hypothesizing about in what way their respective personal clouds were interacting with the indigenous creatures of this microbiome and whose cloud was the most reactive. Most importantly, they wanted to know who would be coming away from this town with the most varied specimens of hitchhikers. And why. They laughed as they considered the possibilities. To them, it was a fascinating thought experiment; yet, it was enough to get Ottoman’s mind going. If these gentlemen were correct, perhaps it was similarly so that migrants found their own unique microbial signatures interacting often with clouds containing previously unencountered specimens. Naturally these interactions could cause unpredictable changes in physical mechanisms and cycles of mental and emotional states. And the interactions could further influence the chemoeconomic opportunity of their particles within the surrounding environs—one could even extend this further to extrapolate the implications such interactions might have over the particles’ metaphysical juxtapositions with respect to the sentience all around. It was, thusly, difficult to forsake completely, in spite of any depth of connection or intimacy of interaction between two entities, the palpable influence of biochemical forces upon spiritual partnerships otherwise deemed unassailable. If Ottoman had understood these men correctly, it seemed conceivable that if something had dulled and slowed the vibrancy of that genuine bond between him and his wife, its source was likely something tangible and biochemical—albeit something unseen that added excess weight to their spirits and unwanted flurry to their thoughts. He suddenly remembered that there had been some mornings when he had woken up in the room of some strange inn and looked in the washroom mirror to find a variegated film upon his teeth—swathes of green interrupted by patches of orange and purple (and even pink on odd occasions). Didi’s teeth were not covered with these same layers of scum, and so he was left to wonder if there was something unique about his own microbial signature and that of his clan. Of course, he could never go back to find out, for his village was no more. The same was true for the bloodline within which he had his roots, so there was no one left to ask. Perhaps, his microbial symbiotes were of a friendlier, highly magnetized strain, and so, with each migration, his personal microbe cloud grew denser, obscuring his true surface further like layers of gray asteroids encircling a planet whole, masking from the outside observer its true visage. Perhaps, unbeknownst to Didi, the same had been happening to her as well, but in a way that was less obvious. Maybe every time they entered a new town, their substance was shifting and key aspects of them were being cemented over by new epidermis shielding them both from the truth of one another and of themselves. He suddenly wondered if this was ‘the Ailment’ of which Bunnu spoke this morning, for he, too, had occupied many spaces and encountered all natures of microbial clouds (especially in the detention facility where he had been subject to the influence of Dr. Narciss’ Molecular Reactive Discourse Amplifier—whatever that was)! Perhaps, they had all—the three of them—fallen host to pathogenic strains of specimen that subverted the drives of their hosts, at all turns, in favor of their own indecipherable motives. He imagined a network of microbes stretching and contracting in concert, like connective tissue, to take on the form of a veil draped over the outer epidermis of his body; this veil blended with his own outer layers of cells so seamlessly that he should remain unconscious of the fact that his true face and body were being masked by this deceptive external layer. Even when he looked in the mirror, was it his own face he was seeing, or was it the sheath of microbes that had been laid over his actual face? And even if he attempted to tear this wrapping away, would he come away with anything more than handfuls of his own flesh mixed with the undistinguishable residue of torn veneer? It was difficult to say. And so, even upon further examination of himself, he could become no wiser! So it would be, no doubt, with Didi as well! They were both covered head-to-toe by these shields of pseudo-self that interrupted all luminosity from within and deflected all brilliance from without.
And so it was that, with each enshrouded from the radiance of the other’s glow, the spirit of play infusing their interactions faded somewhat, and all attempts to recapture that vanquished connection seemed stunted and forced, almost unwarranted—and, thusly, that formless realm of endless possibility became quite easily obtruded by things to be done: by schedules and errands and the petty tasks of daily life. There was much less room for them to occupy in that universe of fancy that had once enraptured them, for their consciousness was so often otherwise entwined with the banalities of the everyday. To say the least, they were often tired, especially so by the contortions required of occupying their on-stage personas—in a way, they did not need layers of bacteria to disguise them from each other, for they had already fashioned masks for themselves that allowed them to get through their days on stage. Over time, they had worked into their set a kind of jovial banter—a feisty back-and-forth dialogue between and during songs that seemed to appeal much more to audiences than the music itself. At first, the banter was lively and enjoyable even for them, but with time, it became forced and insincere. Still, being the showpeople that they were, the delivery was never strained and the audience was never, therefore, aware of the charade. However, for both of them, internally, the inauthenticity of the whole act became exhausting to the point that they each felt they needed space from each other after the end of their performances. Ottoman had tried, in recent months, to talk Didi into making a change in the act so that their relationship with one another was no longer a matter of public spectacle. However, in her pragmatism and her worry over their already dwindling audiences, Didi remained adamant about the banter remaining the centerpiece. It was clear to both, however, that they felt trapped by this—an unsettling fact that made both extremely unhappy with their situation. What kept them going, of course, was that dream that better days would return and that they could relinquish their place together in that blissful universe of fancy—that place which only had space for the two of them and into which no others could be allowed entrance.
Ottoman sighed as he emerged from his reverie. His dismal eyes fell again on the men in the broad-collared overcoats.

IV.

This trio of detectives seemed to show no inclination toward vacating the premises anytime soon. For one thing, each of them kept the strap of his standard issue leather satchel braced tightly at a specific angle across the seatback next to him. What was more, the hepta-spirangle clips at the ends of their officer bibs remained snugly fastened to the small black mooring hooks that sprouted between place settings along the perimeter of the tabletop. 
This, of course, was an unnecessary precaution on their part as there was little chance of their chairs drifting away in the languid currents of water comprising the floor of this lounge. Nevertheless, this was standard operating procedure in eating establishments with liquid floors, and especially in those situated near waterfalls, in caverns or in the middle of running bodies of water. It was not uncommon in such places for officers to get swept away with the running eddies—or worse yet, to spill food all over their uniforms from the incessant bobbing and jostling of the inflatable furniture. In this case, it would have seemed practical for them to remove their overcoats and hang them on the wall-mounted hooks; however, this would have been in clear violation of standard protocols. Thus, they had no choice but to wear overcoats with bibs in spite of the oppressive heat in this room. Fortunately, they were well within standard operating procedures to wear the house flippers, as these were deemed essential to the establishment’s dress code.
Notwithstanding all this care taken to avoid spillage, much of the food that they had ordered still lay untouched on the table before them. Yet-to-be devoured morsels sat on dinner plates stacked five-high on tiered racks that reached halfway to the ceiling. While the racks would otherwise have served as an efficient means for maximizing surface area and attending to the needs of ravenous throngs of men, it was clear that these waifish duds had made no visible dent in the six-tables’ worth of food awaiting their palates. And, in their neglect, they were not only wasting the food, but also the additional table space afforded by these surface-area-expanding racks. 
Further, they had scarcely taken a sip of the wine in the carafes sitting between these racks. It was a wine made locally that the owner had purchased by the cask at a premium price in the hope that travelers would prefer this to the mass-marketed swill they otherwise got at inns. Whenever anyone ordered it, he lost money on the transaction as he knew no one would pay the price required to make this wine even slightly profitable for him. But he had his principles. He may not have run the most exclusive establishment in Vasalla, but he knew something most certainly about good wines, even if they were to be served to philistines. These detectives did not know about any this, and knew nothing also about the considerable expense required to bring this wine to their table. Nevertheless, even if they could not be blamed for what they did not know, their overt indifference served to be dreadfully inconsiderate to everyone involved: from the winemaker to the owner and even to the hapless drunkards who sat despondently outside this establishment. 
All the same, any knowledge of their imposition upon others would not have likely bothered or embarrassed them, for this sizeable meal seemed to serve as a pretext for their remaining in the lounge for this long without arousing suspicions. A pricy pretext this certainly was, but this was no matter for a Performing Arts Officer with the benefit of an expense account. Indeed they showed little interest in the culinary fare of this lounge, for their eyes remained locked upon the glowing displays of the flat rectangular devices they held in their hands. There was nothing remotely inconspicuous about such curious behavior and even the manager of the B&B had taken notice and started to peek at them with interest through a crack in the kitchen door, perhaps turning over in his mind whether or not he should squeeze them to order more, or just shoo them out completely. The latter was possibly more appealing if they sought to waste food like this. And certainly it seemed only reasonable for him to question whether they were detectives representing a legitimate authority, or whether they were otherwise members of one of these ragtag outfits without lawful connection to any established body of Republic officialdom. The manager now revealed himself at the kitchen doorway and, with folded hairy arms, this husky bald man cleared his throat authoritatively as though challenging them to respond in kind with an even more authoritative throat-clear.
Unfortunately, these men took no notice of him, and, as though in response to a competing signal, the detective sitting closest turned around abruptly to peek at the entrance to the lounge with an inexplicable sense of urgency. The pronounced aloofness of this only struck the manager as a brazen rejoinder, for it clearly served to dismiss his presence in a way that was meant to make him feel inadequate and foolish—middling, perhaps, in comparison to that indiscernible expectation hovering in thin air at the doorway. Now, in response to this slight, the aging cook sunk inward to the kitchen muttering to himself like a tortoise dourly retracting its head. 
Taking all of this in, Ottoman wondered briefly if these detectives were waiting for Bunnu to enter the lounge, and if, in fact, he was to be arrested again. This did not seem out of the realm of possibility. Narciss and Archimedes might have notified the authorities. The Fancy Man could have done the same. However, this seemed far-fetched. No one stood to benefit, it seemed, from his incarceration. Even Dr. Narciss and Dr. Archimedes seemed to prefer that he should be remanded to their sole custody so that they could effectively replicate the conditions that he had endured in Asoka Plains; they did not want this left in the hands of petty prison administrators who were sure to botch the experimental design. Before leaving the cabin, this morning, they had indicated that they would carry out their own plans independently.  Therefore, if these men were here for Bunnu, they likely had learned of his whereabouts and his plans from another source—conceivably someone else who had been there with them in the cabin. The only two possibilities were the curious onlooker and the Domesticated Immigrant. His immediate intuition was to suspect the Domesticated Immigrant. 
There was something not right about him. He seemed a little too self-consciously foreign and a little too pleased with his own domestication like some wild canine with ulterior motives.
These detectives also struck him as somewhat suspicious. Looking upon them now, it occurred to him that they were quite young to be on a detail like this. Even the senior officer—in spite of the impressive plumage of a mustache that ruffled elegantly in the passing breeze—barely looked experienced enough to have progressed beyond the minimum rank required to earn a detective’s badge. Then again, the regulations varied from area to area. Maybe he was an actual detective. Ottoman had heard of relatively young detective squads, especially in provincial towns like this one. Another possibility was that this was merely a team of understudies waiting for their big break—naturally no one would wish any harm upon his superiors, but this was how careers in the Performing Arts Division of the police force were often made. An Old Master might throw out his back or lose his voice, and so an apprentice would be called in as his replacement. These three could have been biding their time. They each seemed to be looking at illuminated tablets. Perhaps, they were engaged in interactive training modules, or otherwise simply doing something to pass the time until they received the big call. He did not know the procedures well anymore. Much had changed since he had been a detective. Even in the few years since his retirement, he had noticed a lot more reliance on high technology. It was just as well that he was gone, then, as he would certainly have seemed of primitive leanings to such comrades. People of his generation, after all, were often looked upon as crude when it came to the newest advances. In his case, it was particularly difficult to adapt to such frequent and rapid changes as he had spent a good part of his childhood without electricity. He still didn’t completely understand how things ran on it. Most technology that a toddler could explain easily was well beyond his capability to fathom. In that sense, he felt a great difference between himself and this group of youngsters. They were more connected to the pace at which the world was moving, more in line with that march forward. He, on the other hand, stood behind looking curiously and wondering how it was they could look so naïve and childlike in spite of their sophisticated knowledge and progressive mindsets. How was it that they were without his cynicism? Perhaps, they had grown up in an era of greater luxury and convenience. And maybe their access to information made it all too easy; they were, thusly, infantilized, staring at bright displays and expecting the truth to come to them and never once imagining that it should be more complex and nuanced than the many ways in which it was framed for public consumption in bi-dimensional layers: framed by others with motives unknown. In peculiar synchronicity, the detectives all now put their hands over their hearts as though to subdue a pronounced clanking emanating from within the interiors of hollow chambers.
In his naiveté, he had, perhaps, failed to consider the possibility of their being machines themselves. This would also serve to explain their ageless quality. He was not enough in step with technology to know yet whether it was possible to create a mechanized law enforcement apparatus, but he could envision the purpose in creating one and also, at the same time, the challenge in predicating their moral compasses, their very precepts for justice, upon sets of algorithms. He had heard something about a prototype being created of an artificial general intelligence with a lateral processing capacity rivaling, if not exceeding, that of the human brain. Beyond the formidable challenge of developing a system capable of synthesis, composition and creative expression, was inculcating one with the philosophical capabilities of arriving organically, and through the processes of exploratory deduction, upon moral paradigms that spurned its own self-interest in favor of a broader construct of justice—one that extended to and possibly beyond humanity. That is, there could have been a universal justice exceeding human needs and limitations, one that transcended the basic preservation of a single species—it could very well have been a conception allotting the animate, inanimate, disanimate and reanimate an equal stake in a shared empire. The Algorithmists, in their relentless quest for the Algorithm of Algorithms (the Unification Algorithm, as it was otherwise known), had found a linkage, he had heard, between their theoretical elaborations of justice and certain arcane dynamics governing quantum fields. Again, he was not well read on the details, and, most likely, he had fallen behind in his understanding of the common paradigms and sensibilities around this. Whatever the case, he felt somewhat out of his depth in this speculation. He did not know for sure that these were machine men sitting at the table of this inn, and perhaps any conjecture with respect to the algorithms governing their subroutines of conscience and jurisprudence was unbecoming to the dignity of these detectives. Without further evidence, it was best to dispense with such musings.
These young men, he remembered, had shown up toward the beginning of his and Didi’s performance and had taken a seat just where they were sitting now. It seemed an odd place to sit, as it was in the back of the lounge and at the table closest to the restrooms; what was more, the stage could not be seen nearly as well from there as from the other empty tables on the sides and in the center of the room. It was clear from this choice the extent to which other priorities, besides the performance itself, had influenced these men’s decision to come to the lounge in the Sallow Falls B&B. Perhaps, they had been about town all day and now needed a place to sit down and rest, or maybe one of them had taken a fancy to one of the young waitresses here—the one thing the owner of this establishment seemed to do well was to hire particularly attractive young country girls who charmed the patrons effortlessly. To say the least, the men had the appearance of having a sizeable appetite, despite not having touched any of the food piled before them.
At any rate, this trio of uniformed men looked to be from out of town; yet, all the same, if they were here on official business, they would most likely have chosen accommodations more befitting of officers with rank and title. The nearest business hotel was quite some distance on the other side of the waterfall—on the ‘good side’ that is. Therefore, it was hard to imagine what had brought them here of all places. They were certainly not guests here, but it was also clear that they had not come for the sake of the performance; still, this did not mean that they were not somewhat interested in the goings-on on stage. In fact, from time to time, the three of them craned their necks to peek around the support beams that otherwise obstructed their view of Ottoman and Didi. They even clapped politely at their respective solos with impeccable timing, as though having some foreknowledge of where each improvised step should lead—which, at any rate, made them seem even more in the know, more aligned with predictive algorithms, than the performers themselves. There was something odd, yet serene—pained and solipsistic—in their comportment, for they sat up straight, their square backs like hunks of sheet iron turned toward the stage; it was impossible to see anything more of their faces than their profiles whenever they turned in the direction of the stage to applaud—all that could be discerned otherwise was the incessant twirling of mustaches and those forlorn gazes into the diaphanous froth of their luminous displays. It was details such as these that caused one to think that the attention these men paid to the performance was not overt, so much as it was mindfully and acutely nonchalant—a fact, which, in and of itself, aroused Ottoman’s suspicions all the more. He was familiar with such techniques and had been, in his previous capacity, quite often a party to them. He wanted to approach these men and understand their intentions; more importantly, he wanted to thank them for being such attentive listeners, even if they tried not to seem so. It was rare that applause would come so well on cue just after the intended moment of improvised climax. For this privilege of magnanimous reception, he felt somewhat ingratiated. However, Didi seemed to be able to tell from his furrowed brow, what he was pondering and it only took one stern look for the thought of approaching them to be vanquished from mind. 
Nevertheless, Didi could empathize with his appreciation for those who listened intently, for such audiences were few and far between in their experience. On summer nights, and especially at inns like these, it was difficult to stir up much of a reaction in the guests, who, more often than not, came to resemble slugs who had long settled into the room and seemed to bear this countenance of hardened tolerance toward the bitter elements accompanying the summer season. Nevertheless, Ottoman played and sang his heart out and, though she was an amateur both at dance and percussion, she unleashed her full bravado. Her spirit soared fiercely and without restraint as though all those years held in by expectation had only strengthened her resolve and rendered it impossible to contain her. And so, however lackluster the audience response, she could not feel the slightest hint of remorse. 

V.

This evening had surely been no different. In spite of their feckless attempts at agitating with rhythmic tempest this soporific air, the sluggish summer eve assumed, amidst its lazy traversal, an unnerving mien of quietude. Groups of visitors to the inn’s lounge had splashed in and out through the duration of the duo’s musical performance, as though taking intentional and involuntary turns—each flock scarcely remaining for more than a song and a half, glancing with affected deliberation from this corner to that and, often times, taking inventory, with an assumed air of expertise, of the minerality of the watery floors, of the firmness of the floating sofa cushions, and of the quality of taxidermy of the Lesser Bison head hanging above the stone mantelpiece, before leaving and being replaced by some other loose aggregation of noncommittal faces. This lack of commitment and mode of self-importance was something to which Didi and Ottoman had often borne witness in their many travels from inn to inn. In spite of how much of themselves they invested in their performance, it no longer made much sense to take the indifference and effrontery of their audience personally, as they understood this to be both the nature of the venue and of people in general. A person’s choice as to what his or her senses should consume in moments of leisure was a formidable burden, for a wrong decision spoke to the nature of the consumer and served as a censure of his or her judgment. After all, if this person was willing to settle for consuming something of substandard appeal and for which the senses were relegated to mere tolerance, in what other areas might he or she be lacking in integrity of principles? 
In such cases, the producers of the stimuli to be consumed were as servants who could either please or displease their intended masters. Didi and Ottoman, for their part, could only hope to serve—albeit ephemerally—those who were resigned already to holding somewhat mediocre standards of any entertainment they consumed. Usually these were guests with either tight budgets, or those who were otherwise tightfisted, eaters of stale bread who were willing to settle for less in order to leave their fortunes untouched. This was not to mention, of course, those who sought out mediocre entertainment out of a malicious sense of irony—these were the worst sorts! Needless to say, there were better venues than this one all around and within Vasalla. Most charged their patrons more and served up more refined cocktails and cuisine. Not better wine, perhaps, if the owner of this establishment was to be believed. Yet, this venue was not quite on the skids, but hung lazily from the middle to the lower end of eateries dotting the perimeter of the Vasallan city limits. 
There was a fickleness and an impatience to all who found themselves in a lounge of this sort. There was much to explore outside the inn and in the town of Vasalla itself. There was no shortage of quaint cafes on the side streets and several restaurants in the shopping districts with a host of exotic cuisines—‘exotic’ inasmuch as their styles of cooking and usage of ingredients bore a vague resemblance to those originating in other locales and provinces within and beyond the boundaries of the Republic. On the same token, there was also the comfort of staying in for the evening and not getting too wrapped up in itineraries and travel agendas—especially among those who were more likely to stay in budget accommodations such as those offered by the Sallow Falls B&B. Unfortunately, the tension between outer exploration and inner refuge gave way to a greater exhaustion, and in many cases, a profound cognitive dissonance which interfered primarily with any satisfaction that could be derived from the experience of travel.
In that sense, there was something to be admired in the young trio at the table, who were unwavering in their intentions and who seemed to brook no compromise. There was no doubting that this was the place they sought to be and that staring at their displays was precisely what they had set themselves toward doing. There was no nibbling at food, even if they were hungry. Presumably, their feigned half-listening was a determined and committed act. Perhaps they were at an advantage for having orders to follow and a sense of duty attendant with this. Others were often not so lucky. Nevertheless, there was something coordinated and methodical in their movements—again something to be admired. And now, as the door to the lounge swung open and a new associate came splashing in their direction upstream—there was a systematic turning of the heads as they powered off their devices and graced their long-awaited colleague with their full attention.
Ottoman’s jaw dropped open as he saw who it was. Didi sighed audibly.

VI.

“Be still with your hereing? Or so I had not to hear! Archelino’s covalent bonding with you to the next venue is my thinking! But such is the venueless bond of now.”  
The Domesticated Immigrant now stood before them, the large fellow still in his squirrel costume and now donning those ridiculous yellow house flippers. On first sighting, he had been skitting excitedly across the stream in the direction of the detectives, but then, from the table, there seemed to be a fluttering of eyelids, a darting of eyes—something like the surreptitious signaling of insects—that abruptly diverted the squirrel’s attention away from the men and hoisted it toward the stage. He stopped dead in his tracks, water flowing at his ankles, and changed course, arms outstretched as though greeting old friends from ages ago.  There was a bemused grin that feigned surprise at seeing them here, as though the possibility of encountering them had never crossed his mind. And perhaps it had not.
It was a thoroughly artificial display, and it only prompted Didi to frown suspiciously. She spoke slowly and carefully, “Yes, well. Bunnu…never showed. We…presumed…that he had been with you all this time. Are we…interrupting something?” Her eyes fell upon the trio of detectives who seemed to be conferring with one another about something now.
The Domesticated Immigrant’s eyes followed hers and again he feigned raw stupidity, uttering, “Rupturing into…ru-rapture inward rather than outward…ou-outie toward something. Most appetitious…it should be…to meet such hungry, hungry men.” There was something wrong with these turns of phrase and even Ottoman’s eyes narrowed at the inorganic nature of the utterances. This man had fallen out of his earlier linguistic patterns and was now transposing language with an almost panicked haphazardness.  
The transposition was a conscious act, and, therefore, all of this was a put-on!
“I think…” Ottoman said now, “that maybe you are not being forthcoming with us. If you would like a moment to consult with your companions over there, we will grant you the privacy. We do, however, require some sort of explanation for all this.”
The Domesticated Immigrant looked uncertain about how best to respond to this pronouncement. Ultimately, he looked over at the commanding officer, who nodded his head with a pressing certitude. It appeared the charade was up, and so he shuffled over to the table like a pet being summoned.
Didi and Ottoman looked at each other and they resumed packing up their equipment while the men spoke with each other intently. Ottoman’s head suddenly hurt. Somehow, it felt more burdensome to have a new set of circumstances to deal with than to remain safely in that rut they had occupied for some time now. He found himself regretting not having packed up the equipment with greater haste. If he and Didi had retired to their room earlier, it was likely that they would never have encountered the Domesticated Immigrant. And he would most certainly not have otherwise given these detectives a second thought once they were out of his sight. He knew it was escapist and shortsighted to think this way, but it was simply exhausting to think of the blind curves they were sure to encounter in the path ahead.
It only took a few more minutes for the packing to cease, but it seemed that the men were still debating about something in whispers. Didi shrugged her shoulders and had a seat at one of the chairs onstage and Ottoman did the same. The only recourse for them now was to wait this out. 
And so the men went on for nearly an hour, and at some point in their deliberations, the manager appeared once more at the doorway of the kitchen. He lingered for scarcely a minute, perhaps sensing with the arrival of this imposing rodent in the lounge that there was simply no way for him to assert any lasting control over this situation. His stratagem, thereby, became a practical one: unleash the most attractive of his hostesses upon the lounge, to clear the tables and drain the floors as if the lingering parties were of no concern to them. On any other night, it would have been sufficient to ask the lingerers to leave, but the manager rightly sensed a hint of trouble were he to interpose here. And so, there could only be this and no other. Back and forth went the delightful pixies, reclaiming spill-proof dinnerware from their suction ports on each table, mopping under the tables and cleaning hard-to-reach corners with a wet vac. The flitting about of pixies and the noise from the vacuum did little, it seemed, to throw these men off course. They continued in intense whispers and it seemed that they had no difficulty understanding one another. 
Within a quarter of an hour, the whole lounge had been cleaned except for the food on the detectives’ table. The discussion continued for a few more minutes beyond this before the Domesticated Immigrant finally motioned for Didi and Ottoman to join them. The floor was now dry, so Ottoman chanced to remove his flippers and put on the sandals he kept in his duffel bag; Didi, meanwhile, made her way across the floor barefoot. She was tired of this nonsense and just wanted things to move forward even if it was, once again, in an unwanted direction.
The first to address them was the commander. In spite of his squeaky voice, he spoke respectfully and with a handsome air of authority, “Detective and Missus Ottoman-13,” his mustache wriggled pleasantly, “I thank you for your patience through our deliberations, and surely understand how tired you must be after your years of searching for your dear brother. I hope you will not find it forward of me to express my deepest veneration for the integrity and care with which you have sought him out. It is not simply a matter of fortitude that begs this esteem, but indeed this wholehearted and self-abasing process that you have undertaken. My associate here has told me of your brother’s mindful degeneracies to baser sub-orbital levels of organic consciousness, of the vim with which he has embraced self-annihilation and decrepitude in his quest toward inverse enlightenment. It is an achievement of itself, mind you, to fold inward on oneself and seek to take on the substance and essence of a protozoan. It is a stepwise process and it is possible that he has achieved a kind of success in this. That is, if, indeed, this creature is your brother and not some other entity—you’ll understand what I mean by this soon enough. Nevertheless, again, I wish to commend you for your grace through repugnance, for surely to endure the multitude of disappointments that you have must require a sense of rectitude absent these days from most. I’m sure you have noticed that my team and myself are less experienced in the arena of life than you, but I must say that perhaps there is something that you have in you that is lacking in the rest of us. An earnestness and a sense of good that is beyond malleability. If only we had the appropriate neurons to empathize sufficiently with your experience.”
“Mmm…thanks,” Didi said unimpressed. “Let’s just back up one second. What did you mean just now when you said that you were not certain that this was my brother?”
“Ah yes…nothing gets by you!” the commanding officer affirmed.
“No get-bys!” the Domesticated Immigrant assented. At this, Ottoman shook his head.
“So, I’ll get to that in a moment. First of all, perhaps we should leave it to our associate here to explain what transpired after leaving the cabin.”
All eyes fell upon the Domesticated Immigrant. “Cabinning from there to worky time…” he started.
“Please Cecil!” the commander interrupted, “There’s no need to stay in character any longer. Anyway, you’re a bit off at the moment. You’re just not selling it.”
At this, the man in the squirrel costume breathed a sigh of relief. “Phew! Am I glad you said that, Mack! This heat’s been killing me. Throws me off my game, it does. Mind if I lose the get-up?” he enunciated suddenly with perfect fluency. The commander nodded silently and the man—this Cecil—stripped immediately out of the squirrel costume and to his underwear. “Sorry, folks,” he now spoke with a more self-assured tone of voice, “Don’t mean to disrobe in front of you like that, but I was sweating bullets in that thing! That old aristocrat and his weird fetishes!” He, now, pulled out a beedi from an inside pocket of the costume and lit it with his comrade’s lighter. “Ah…that’s much better!” he said through a cloud of smoke. “So, listen, folks, our friend gave me the slip not so long after we met. On our way into town, he said he wanted to stop at the time merchants to check the going exchange rates. I really don’t like to be late to our appointment with the Pervert, but I know that, to your brother’s mind, being late only increases the level of wretchedness. He was possibly looking to make himself even later that he already was by selling some of his time on the commodities market. Not sure really. The thing is: I was waiting outside for him and he never emerged. I went in and searched the Time Exchange top to bottom: nothing! Then, almost immediately, I get a communiqué on my watch from one of our other field operatives. The weird bloke has been found back in Asoka Plains! So, I was told to rendezvous with this gang here. I thought, by this time, you’d have—”
“But…” Didi started. She paused as he put a hand up.
“Anyway, it gets stranger. Apparently, our boy had been found in the detention facility yesterday when the custodial staff was cleaning out the diaper chute. The person they found said nothing, but it appeared that he had been in there for quite some time. Not knowing who he was, they assumed immediately that he was some other prisoner simply trying to escape. It wasn’t until later that his identity was confirmed.”
“So, then, Bunnu is still in prison?” Ottoman scratched his head.  
“Never left possibly…” Cecil proffered.
“B-but…that can’t be!” Didi insisted, “We were just with him this morning! All of us!”
“Maybe that wasn’t him!” Cecil smirked disaffectedly as wisps of smoke swirled before him.
“I know my brother when I see him…”
“Sure you do, honey. How long had it been? 230 years? Somewhere thereabouts, no?”
“Well…I…” Tears streamed now down her cheeks and she turned and buried her face in Ottoman’s chest.
“I saw the man only 9 years ago!” Ottoman proclaimed emphatically. “Or was it 8? Anyway, I was the arresting officer. I’d know him if I saw him.”
“Well, yes,” the commander agreed. “This was one of the matters that we were discussing just now before we called you over. It seems unlikely that the imposter could pass himself off so convincingly to all of us…”
“The imposter?” Didi and Ottoman gasped in unison.
“Yes, I’m as surprised as you are,” the commander said with a sympathetic tone. “A most confusing state of affairs: this. Perhaps, it would be in our best interests to-“ 
Before he had a chance to finish what he was saying, he was interrupted by a tap on the shoulder from one of the lesser detectives. The detective whispered something in his ear and showed him the tablet, which the superior read silently for a moment before his eyes widened.
“What is it?” Didi asked with a mixture of annoyance and concern.
“An urgent message…well, I just don’t know what to make of this, but it seems that your brother has escaped once again.”
“And of course we don’t know if that escapee is the real Bunnu or another imposter…” Didi added with frustration.
“I am sorry,” the commanding officer said with a puff of the cheeks, “but it seems that we are in something of a pickle.”
“I am completely and totally lost…” Didi said to Ottoman, who only shook his head sorrowfully with his eyes closed. “And I don’t suppose that, after all this, you gentlemen would deign to tell us who you are!”
“Oh my goodness!” the commander straightened up at his glaring breach of protocol. “Had I neglected to introduce myself? Please accept my deepest apologies, for I assure you that knowing who I am is indeed the most important thing if you are to trust anything that I, or my associates, tell you. Or, at the very least, knowing whom I work for would certainly be of importance.”
“Yes…it would…” Didi said skeptically. She pursed her lips with disapproval.
Ottoman spoke up amidst the awkward silence that ensued, “Well then: who is it?”
“I am an emissary of General Motiwala of the Kaiiban Liberation Front!”

VII.

“Who?” Ottoman craned his neck. The name did sound familiar to him, but he could not place it. General Motiwala—yes, it did have some ring to it. He knew it from somewhere.
Meanwhile, the commander sniffed authoritatively, “It is my understanding that Missus Ottoman is well acquainted with the General. He has been searching for her electronic profile for some time in order to send her an online message, but it seems that the Missus does not maintain an online presence?”
“I don’t even know what that is. And, for that matter, I don’t know your Mochidaal!”
“Motiwala. General Motiwala. And yes, Madam, we are well aware that you do not carry a console with you and may not know how to connect electronically. The General has told us that you are too refined and genuine to confine yourself to these displays. He comes from the same generation as you and understands the affront these sorts of devices and synthetic modes of interaction pose to your naturalistic sensibilities. He would like to assure you that he feels very much the same. And, in fact, he wouldn’t use electronics at all if it didn’t otherwise put him at a disadvantage with respect to intelligence retrieval and dispersal.”
“Well, I’m glad to hear we’re so like-minded,” Didi mumbled indignantly. “If only I knew who the hell he was: that would surely complete the puzzle.”
“Yes, well…Madam. Our General, in his remarkable prescience, had advance knowledge of your brother’s escape and my associate has just received an electronic message for your eyes only. None of us knows the contents, of course, but perhaps reading the message would serve to enlighten you. Unfortunately…” his eyes fell on Ottoman now, “this can only be read by Mrs. Didi and none other. I do hope you will understand, sir.”
Ottoman turned to Didi with a hint of disbelief. “Is there something I should know?”
Before she could answer, the commander held up an appeasing hand and said, “I assure you that there is nothing untoward to be conveyed through these actions. There has been no relationship to speak of. Our General, however, is a deeply private individual and would appreciate it greatly if we gave him the space to convey his message to your wife. With all due respect to you, of course. I am sorry to say this, but ultimately, the decision rests with Missus Ottoman and not with you, Detective.” Ottoman was about to say something in response, but was interrupted before he had the chance. 
“Fine!” Didi said, “Pass me the rectangle thing. I’ll read the message.”
“A splendid decision, Madam. I hope you do not mind my complimenting you on the fine decision that you made. A well-considered choice is indeed a rare specimen and worthy most certainly of our deepest reverence. We live now, you see, in an age in which the virtue underlying our choices is commensurate with the integrity of our essence, our ontology. Thusly, it can only follow that the agent of sound choices is indeed to be seen as a complex of the most refined particles. Whether animate or otherwise: all the particles that compose you are members of a dignified institution. In union, they each serve individually as representations of the larger organization that is you. And once they proceed to separation, they shall thereupon carry that distinction onward, for even if they come to compose the scum at the bottom of a dumpster somewhere, it would be the most divine breed of scum indeed.”
“Mmm…” said Didi with a hint of hesitation, “Th-thank you…”
“’Tis my great pleasure to say so, Madam.”
The General’s Questionable Motives


With some technical assistance from the younger detectives, Didi managed to scroll through the display’s contents. She could see that it was an extremely long message and that it was separated into parts; this caused her to wonder briefly how much time it had taken for the General to write this. Returning to the top of the screen, her eyes fell upon the greeting, which seemed to stir an ancient memory. It read: My darling Petunia.  
Yes. It was now coming back to her.
She suddenly remembered the numerous letters she had received years earlier from a friend of Bunnu’s. They had been delivered in scrolls by Royal Courier, written in elegant calligraphy with Imperial ink and stamped in red wax with the Royal Seal of Bahlia (the likeness of which had since faded from mind). She never responded to the letters and the sender seemed fine with this. Presumably, her particular role with respect to this obligational transaction arose out of the time surely to be spent in reading whatever it was this sender had written—a commitment upon which she never hesitated to follow through. She never knew quite why she felt compelled to read these strange, rambling letters—for lack of a better reason, she could only assume this to have been for the sake of allaying her own guilt over his unrequitable affections. Especially in her younger years, she had been so often compelled to action by mere weight of guilt and nothing more. In any case, these letters eventually stopped coming her way and she soon forgot about the sender. 
This was not to say, however, that her counterpart in this transaction had been so kind as to return the favor and forget about her as well. There were, it now seemed, other ways to insinuate oneself upon the lives of others. And in spite of their lack of correspondence over the years, she now realized that he had been skulking always somewhere in the background. She remembered that Ottoman had told her a few years back that one of Bunnu’s childhood friends had been labeled an undesirable by the Republic. Bunnu had apparently wired him some money, and that money had been used (unbeknownst to Bunnu) to fund an insurgency of some kind. She couldn’t remember the details, and anyway, it was all a matter of trivia now. Suffice it to say that, given the scarcity of Bunnu’s childhood associates, it was more than likely that this person who had sent her the letters was the very same as the one who had asked Bunnu for the money.
It now occurred to her that this whole matter relating to the money might have been an indirect attempt at gaining her attention. It was not unreasonable to imagine that this General Moltobello had been waiting for word of this scandalous remittance to reach her under the misguided hope that she should, thereupon, come to regard him as an influential and heroic figure in Bunnu’s life. And, if this had been his plan, then, maybe the whole insurgency was itself a grand ploy that the General had devised in order to be noticed by her. The Kaiiban Liberation Front could very well have been a hollow alliance that existed only so that its leader was able to achieve his romantic ends. She recognized that it was a tad self-aggrandizing to think of it this way, to imagine that someone would go to such lengths merely to be acknowledged by her; yet, there was undoubtedly something odd about this boy who had sent her all those letters years earlier. She remembered certainly that he had been persistent, and thus, would have been remiss if she failed to deem him, at the very least, capable of this nature of subterfuge. It was entirely conceivable that he had concocted this whole scheme to implicate Bunnu in order to impress upon her somehow, albeit indirectly, a notion of his own importance to her life. And yet, if this had been his plan, he seemed to be plagued with no paralyzing sense of compunction about having taken such extreme measures in order to do so. 
She paused and took a deep breath. She needed to collect her thoughts.
Perhaps, she was thinking about this all wrong. Maybe this General Molybdenum did have a rightful beef with the Republic, for it was they who had stripped him of any chance at an official title; it was they who had vanquished the hierarchy within which such title would have sustained meaning. Still, the aims of the insurgency could have been two-fold. First of all, there was the claim he had over the land and its peoples—this could not be denied. And secondly, it was an opportunity to elevate his importance and impress the object of his affections: namely her. All the same, it was safe to say that most men in similar situations would have been too ashamed to initiate contact with the sister of a friend whom they had doomed to internment. Yet, this did not seem to be the case with this boy, and so she could only suspect that Bunnu’s arrest had been a component of his strategy to gain her attention. In spite of her dislike of such manipulation, somewhere in her, she couldn’t help but feel somewhat impressed by all this. She knew it was terribly wrong to feel that way, but this momentary realization nurtured in her a new admiration for this man who seemed not to shy away from the potentially disastrous consequences of pursuing what he wanted. In that respect, it was difficult for her not to draw a comparison with her husband, who was too fearful of uncertainty to entertain even a moderate risk. In spite of her guilt in feeling this way, she could not seem to temper her growing fascination for the pioneering will of this General Mochizucchini. There was a charming dignity to that malice of industry even when built upon such merciless sacrifice.
Still, the sacrificial lamb in this case was her own blood. Therefore, this peculiar attraction should only be overshadowed by her outrage at how Bunnu had been treated through all this.
It was difficult not to recall the tone of his letters. This General did not consider Bunnu to be on the same level. He seemed to take a great pride in explaining that he descended from the patrician and equine aristocracies, while her and Bunnu’s forebears were mere plebeians. Therefore, there was a certain degree of entitlement he had—a definitive power in this so-called “friendship” with Bunnu, and thus, there could be no chance of parity between the two. It was only natural that his high ambitions with respect to military and/or romantic conquest should supersede all notions of loyalty when it came to her brother. And it would only have been his natural assumption that Bunnu was not so naïve as to be impervious to this understanding of their utter disparities in status, position and entitlement. Therefore, this accomplished General should feel no shame in pursuing Bunnu’s married sister, even after Bunnu had been imprisoned on his behalf. And certainly, this greeting of “darling Petunia,” arose presumably out of the expectation that she should remain his Petunia and no one else’s—not even in marriage. Of course, she was committed to her husband and, in her heart, had never been this man’s “Petunia.” She wondered briefly, all the same, what being so actually entailed. 
It was conceivable that the fact of her being married bothered him little—and possibly even amused him, as though he enjoyed her fiery insistence that she had a choice in the matter. No one valued a trophy that was easily won most certainly. One desired a pet that had a bit of fight in her—one who assumed a charming and deliciously haughty sense of pride like a show animal that was somehow unwitting of her leash and collar. 
But much time had passed. And she had no patience for these games, or for his condescension. She was not that young, indecisive girl living under her parents’ roof anymore. She was a married woman. She had real life worries to contend with now—practical concerns that she’d never had to worry about when she was younger. So, she could only stomach reading this letter of his if it led in the positive direction of her brother, or, failing that, at least imbued her with some understanding as to how best she and Ottoman might proceed. 
The nagging obstacle was sure to be the intentions and self-proclaimed entitlement of this General Motilal. Perhaps, it was enough to know that he had no power to speak of. Even if he had an army, they were really much more of a militia—a fringe operation at best. He had no legitimate authority over her or anyone else, regardless of his lineage. And however much he aggrandized himself, his claim over her was just as illegitimate as his claim over the subjects of Kaiiba. They were not his subjects and he was not their king. They needed no king, as most of the citizens, for all their complaints, preferred Republic rule to that of their erstwhile kings. If there was no other reason for this new allegiance, the primary incentive was economic: there was certainly much more social mobility now than there had ever been under the rule of King Bunnu-5 or Keisuke-610. A return to these previous loyalties was, thusly, a tough sell and any hope of achieving lasting power through military means still depended largely on a sea change in the mindsets of the people. 
Ultimately, he probably failed to realize this, and, therefore, his inability to concede seemed symptomatic of a certain tone-deafness to the will of his fellow Kaiibans. He probably did not care about what the citizens wanted anyway, as he likely assumed that they were not well-educated enough to understand what was in their best interests. And thus, he undoubtedly saw fit to defy the rule of law of the Republic, cluck his tongue at the legitimacy of its claim over the land and citizenry and roll his eyes at the validity of any marital union (hers especially) pledged within its barbaric codes of civility. 
This last point, in particular, concerned her, for how was she to rebuff his unabashed and inextinguishable affections, especially now with his subordinates watching? Even the act of reading this letter served to legitimize his romantic intentions. And in front of her own husband no less! It was almost as though she were submitting to his claim over her and abandoning her husband for the sake of being an ornament to the ego of a man of means. What sort of shameless harlot would accept the status of trophy? 
She could only imagine what others might say if they could see her now. There were tribes out there of militant females who, these days, seemed to dole out pejorative labels to those of their own gender who allowed themselves—wittingly or unwittingly—to be objectified by men. If they came to know of this, she could easily be accused of relegating herself to the whims of male entitlement and expectation. It was easy to imagine the jeers and howls that would be directed at her for not standing her ground and not refusing to acknowledge this unwanted attention. At the same time, she also knew that this was the only way to proceed at the moment if she wished to gain more insight into this new situation related to Bunnu. Anyway, it mattered to her little how this would appear to such strangers who flaunted their activism before the ungeneralizable nuances of human relationships. Perhaps, due to her advanced years, Didi understood the stark disparity pervading between her perceptions of gender norms and those of this new generation, and attributed this gap to the gradual shift over time in values around femininity. Nevertheless, to say so was to be labeled by these tribes as a “male apologist,” and, of course, this was not a flattering designation to invite upon oneself. Again, all she could do was shrug off these absurdities and proceed forward as the situation dictated. 
Maybe she was overthinking it anyway. People so rarely remained in real life the way one remembered them, for one was very much at the mercy of one’s own juxtaposed perceptions and extrapolated memory. And, thus, to hold him to an image of what she had perceived him to be at a time when she, herself, had been quite a different individual, seemed unfair, to say the least. With this realization, she shrugged off these suspicions and resolved herself to proceed with the matter at hand.
Scrolling to the bottom of the message, she noticed to her alarm that new words were appearing and that the message was still in the process of being typed in real-time. It was possible that this General Mortadella was still composing the message and she wondered if maybe it wouldn’t be better to give him time to look over the earlier portions and make edits before she dove in and started reading. She was about to ask the commanding officer about this, but, perhaps anticipating this question, he nodded his head and simply said, “Go ahead and read. I have been assured that it is his desire that you begin. He is only putting the finishing touches on the end to account for the most recent changes in your brother’s situation.”
Her eyes now fell on Ottoman who looked forlorn. He had been studying her closely and appeared to recognize in her expression a determination to proceed with reading this message. He sunk back into a shadowy corner in a middling attempt to disappear—even this he could not do well! She took momentary note of this before her eyes descended finally upon the message.
A Long and Curious Message

I. 

A. Part One – Disregard what you have already been told

My Darling Petunia,

Allow me to start by asking that you discount everything you have just been told by my men (it is my understanding that you’ve encountered one of my younger teams and a field operative, all of whom, you might suspect, have been carefully trained to maintain deep cover by lying through their soddy teeth). If this inkling of deception has occurred to you, I can only confess that you are quite correct. Therefore, I ask that you take them as little more than a band of barefaced liars—please do not tell them I said so, or surely their feelings will be hurt! At the very least, they will be disheartened. This is also why it is best that you not let on that you have seen through their ruse, as this should prove to be quite damaging to their morale. They are still somewhat fragile, you see—especially the younger squads. Do not get me wrong: they are, indeed, extremely good at doing what they do, but the lying gets cumbersome and I think it works their nerves a bit. It’s the nature of intelligence work though, and I think it is best that they get used to it as soon as possible. 
Regardless, I hope that you will heed my request and take whatever they told you prior to giving you this message as a pack of lies. I do not even know what they told you precisely—that’s simply how good they are! They can parse out the simple and incontrovertible facts of a situation well enough to steer you away from them through a meticulous weaving of diversionary half-truths—that is, unless they have sought to confuse you by weaving bits of whole-truth in with blatant lies so that you are, then, inclined to doubt everything you are told. I hope they have not resorted to this measure. I find it lazy and unrefined—amateurish even!—especially in this era of self-styled truths and splintered realities. I’ll explain what I mean by this later. 
For now, let it suffice for us to acknowledge that even the facts from which they have sought to divert you are somewhat questionable (that is to say, not in the least ’incontrovertible’). And so, in light of this, who is to say what does or does not constitute a ‘blatant lie?’
Anyway, I have asked my team leaders to refrain from this technique of diversion numerous times, but there is little I can do to stop them, for they are very much led by their own initiative. That is how our operation runs, and that is how we intend to keep things. I often do not know the details of their activities and have very little managerial authority, as the structure of our organization is so compartmentalized that I am only able to make higher-order suggestions. We are, otherwise, an institution that spurns all forms of micromanagement in spite of the intricate hierarchies of rank and title embedded into our structure.
Another thing that I must ask is that you not believe all this muck about me being ‘General Motiwala’ and whatnot. As you’ll learn through the course of this message, even though we have maintained military ranks, titles and nomenclature as a tradition of our organization, we are no longer militaristic in function. Now, we are merely a loose collaborative of independent research teams and investigative units—we still perform intelligence gathering activities, but these feed into larger pure and applied research-based agendas. Again, I’ll explain this in due time. 
There is much to say actually and so I must decide carefully how best to lay it all out before you. I want to give you as clear a picture of the situation as I can, but in the process of doing so, we must face down the uncertainties instead of evading them. That means we are going to wrestle with unknowable quantities and ludicrous possibilities constantly as we endeavor to sculpt a precise enough understanding of the matter before us.
For the moment, we can safely say that my men have, thus far, sought to present you with an inaccurate picture of this situation because it is the only way they are able to continue their research and intelligence gathering activities unfettered. They must operate in secrecy and thwart any potential interlopers, and so, much of their research work is conducted undercover and with the aid of false identities, relationships and pretenses. Appearances must be maintained—I’m sure you’ll understand. And even though many academics know (and revile) us based on our activities as a research consortium, the general public must still be presented with this façade of the KLF—us, that is—as a paramilitary and political entity. This group façade makes for a convenient cover for our field operatives and sometimes we even need to affect a certain “guerilla brutishness” to divert attention away from our core activities.
However, let us not concern ourselves too deeply with the diversionary tactics of my men. For our purposes here (and certainly for the sake of Bunnu), it is important that you and I are able to pierce through these everyday deceptions and navigate the complexity of the situation before us with care and integrity. Unfortunately, after reading what I am about to write, you might come to prefer the abridged convenience sake’s version espoused by my men to the longform, flakier version that is only going to disappoint, confuse and frustrate you. Frankly, there is a strong likelihood that you are going to think me a daft blowhard with two-bit philosophies and very little substance. Unfortunately, this is unpreventable, and conceivably we should not hesitate to deem it the nature of the beast. 
Before I give you the long story, I feel I should at least give you a hint as to where this is all going and what I am asking for (although presenting my request so bluntly without the supporting details will only serve to mystify and, possibly, annoy you). I will take that chance.
What it amounts to is this: I would like for us to coordinate efforts in finding Bunnu. The real Bunnu, if there is one. Once we do, I would like to arrange for him to take a ride in a rocket ship—possibly to a moon. Not “the Moon,” but another. First, we would need to ascertain whether or not this other moon exists. We should probably expect to take other members of your family with us as well—Rakesh-7, in particular. 
‘Why?’ you might ask?
Well, the answer is quite simple actually: the Lithomorphic Snuggledogs of Conflagrant Marmalade Prime are demanding a reunion with O.
Undoubtedly, you are quite confused now and there is much ground to cover in order to bridge “here” with the elusive “there.” I’ll do my best to break it down into digestible fragments for you. For clarity’s sake, you might notice that I am splitting this message off into sections—each with its own heading. 
That said: perhaps it is not a bad idea for you to take a deep breath before reading any further…

B. Part Two – On our Perpetual Shifts and Transmutations

So…my dear Petunia…I do hope you found that breath satisfying, for you are likely to run short of air from time-to-time as you read the dizzying paragraphs set before you.
It has been many years since our last correspondence and I am happy to be assured that my men have found you alive and well. I am sure you must be concerned about the way in which this message has reached you. I wish to lay to rest any worries you might have that these words are being seen by any other eyes than your own. In spite of the loose structure of our organization, my men are fiercely loyal to me, and, at any rate, I have put systems in place to block their access to this message through the use of a suite of facial and voice recognition software. Certainly, neither of us wants them knowing what I am telling you, for they are on a need-to-know basis and must remain convinced that they have properly diverted you from what they construe to be the truth of the situation—an understanding, which I assure you would be, itself, rather shaky. I hope I can trust you not to let on and to keep a straight face as you read what I have written. No one but you will have access to these words—which is all very well because neither of us wishes to have our private correspondences seen by others. Thus, barring any cyber-breach or governmental intrusions—against whose occurrence I have already established the appropriate countermeasures—we can both be certain that this message should remain secure and unseen by others. I will not bother to explain the technical details further as I am given to understand that you are, very much like me, not deeply aware of the complexity of the communication tools we employ these days. Let me assure you, however, that this message is no less secure than it was when it was a parchment sealed in wax. One can perhaps expect no better.
We are living in a peculiar age, my love. I am sure that you have come to feel this too. And I do not mean this only in the technological sense. Absent even the influence of any changes in how we traverse physical and psychological fields, there persists yet a profound metaphysical and ontological shift in us that, perhaps, we are ill-equipped to recognize. 
We are not ourselves anymore and much farther from whomever we had purported to be than ever before. Am I the only one who grasps this? Perhaps, you do too. Still, we retain this purity of understanding of self and assume this, furthermore, to be static, when, indeed, it is as ever-changing as we are. There are dynamics of flow and the object swept in its tide assumes itself, at any moment, stationary. Memory is no less at the whims of such tides. And the same could be said indeed for our physicality. 
When we last corresponded, we were, as close as my cosmologists can figure, somewhere in the G-144 Quadrant of our galaxy—I know this means nothing to you, particularly because these are arbitrary space-time coordinates, but we are now in what my cosmologists refer to as the A-2584 Quadrant and our galaxy has, in the meantime, completed two-ten-trillionths of a spiral rotation (one-five-trillionth really), which actually puts us in a completely different locale of space-time from what we occupied previously. It is also worth considering that, in the midst of this rotation, the galaxy itself is propelling outward and to separation from other galaxies and traversing untouched frontiers of space-time along unknown vectors. We could each have been sitting in our respective chairs for all these years and not at all sensed our movement as we passed through new regions of the vastness, and never felt, moreover, that those ghosts between our particles were skidding rapidly over pockets of space and recently-vacated nooks where dark nebulae had once coalesced and sifted the detritus of void.  We can only think along those hardened fragments of time and space that paralyze and confine us within the moment in question. And so, in memory, we deposit ourselves upon the desiccated husk of ‘then,’ and, in the moment, perch ourselves fleetingly upon the hardened lip of ‘now’; yet, we are utterly helpless to render the transmutations and the points of traversal between these distinct, albeit fossilized, stages of being. 
It all sounds rather abstract when put in those terms, but let us reduce it to this simple quantity: back in the days of our previous correspondence, we exchanged pleasantries, some explicit and others implicit (yours were more of the latter) across the familiar moss of that era. We were remote from each other, then, as we are remote from each other now—only our positional loci have shifted and the moss has changed, unseen to us, in essence (and perhaps also in substance). 
That is all we can know of it.
I think even now my words would strike you differently if we were still in the good ol’ G-144—I know, of course, in saying this that our memories of those moments are surely tainted by the lens of A-2584 we currently bear. Even the term ‘G-144’ carries under each spoken syllable and beneath each written character the hidden insignia of the A-2584. That is to say that the connotation upheld by this term is merely a conjuration in the present of some semblance of past. We cannot be sure if our approximation of past resembles the actual, or if, indeed, there was an actual at all for it to resemble.
I recognize that all of this may appear confusing, and I hope you will understand my meaning when I say that we are in endless transmutation in particles, essence and, most importantly, memory. We are shifting like quanta of light, moving inward and toward yet expanding to separation, shifting in wavelength amidst a traversal of vast swathes of space, along the whole of the perceptual spectrum and beyond what the apertures of any soft machine can capture. We shift from ultraviolet to indigo and soon we shall traipse upon the fabric of the infrared and outward further into uncharted territory. I am sitting here writing about such things and, in a matter of moments, I transmogrify from purple-haired walrus to yellow-tongued turtle to a flaky pile of pinkish-red granite chunks—I admit it is difficult to compose a message in this latter state. 
My stars! Have I just become some digital animatronic batfish? No no no…I am merely the coiled and decaying root of a plasma vine. Still no…perhaps then, the rutted emptiness of a canyon? A canyon punctuating the jutting crags of solid helium isotope formations—I can only remain in this shape of “Absentia” so long as my essential temperature does not rise significantly above Absolute Zero. Otherwise those frozen helium formations draped about my “posterior” should melt like some crusty ice cloak.
Yes! Yes!
Yes, I have become this last thing, have become divorced from substance and have, thusly, doused upon my aspect that naked element of negative space. I mean to say that in the course of my composing this sentence—this sentence you read now—I have pierced endless dimensions, warped both space and time in unrealized micro-universes, shifted through quadrillions of permutations of realities, permutations of self—sorry…for a moment there, I fancied myself a gelatinous cactus pine—what are the units of ontology really that I should be a part of a whole, but not be, in all my awareness, chiefly the whole unto itself? 
At any rate, this sensation of momentary otherness has since passed and has probably been wiped from memory and replaced with my imagined past in another form. Let us assume for now that this is the very first moment of our existence—the both of us—and that you are compelled to read something with the falsified memory of everything that has led up to this moment of reading. I, on the other hand, am slightly remote from the unfolding of this experience, as you are reading something presumably that “I had already written,” while, of course, this, too, could be a fallacy. By the time you read this, I will either still be composing or editing latter portions of this message, or doing something else entirely. Therefore, by assuming this to be the first moment, we are unable to tease out present intentionality from the shifting and arbitrary constructs of past that shape the ‘Visage of Now.’ 
There is something we like to call “sensory continuity.” One wakes up in the morning, remembering nothing, but only hearing sounds, feeling sensations, seeing objects and smelling odors that first strike one as familiar. This recognition of known stimuli is a trick of the mind, of course—a coping mechanism meant to render the immediate environment navigable. Nevertheless, the mind manufactures a familiarity with some elements of this new reality and cleverly maintains a “newness,” albeit a manageable comprehensibility, with others. It manipulates the subconscious with a memory of dreams had and the thoughts that swirled through “this mind” prior to and continuing beyond the moment of waking. All of this is conceivably an illusion, for this could be that very first moment of sentience. Nonetheless, our conception of “sensory continuity” is predicated upon our assumption that what is sensed has already been in our proximity prior to its being sensed and that it shall remain so into perpetuity until it becomes absent, or otherwise passes beyond our perceptual threshold. 
If our “awakening” is, indeed, the first moment of our sentience (and, simultaneously, the first moment of existence for all tangible objects), then we can understand sensory continuity to be a fallacy, as the manifestation of the stimulus and the formulation of the response to said stimulus are concurrent, albeit steeped in the erroneous assumption that one has preceded the other. To test our assumptions with regard to this phenomenon, let us imagine that we could interrupt the stimulus-response continuity with pulses of nothingness. Better yet, with pulses of something else entirely. 
This will require the quick simulation of an experience. I hope you do not mind following me through this process. I cannot ask you to close your eyes for the duration of it, as you are still reading this message. I can only ask that you pause every so often and close your eyes when you have sufficiently sustained a mental image. 
Keep your eyes closed until you believe you have achieved the most reasonable adaptation of these words in the shape of an imagined experience. I do not expect that this should be very difficult.

C. Part Three – The “Waterfall/Orange” Simulation

So, let’s proceed then, shall we?
Imagine, if you will, that you are sitting in a raft gliding along a river of pink rapids in the direction of a mighty red waterfall. You are at the foot of this wonder, gazing upward in awe as you approach it. 
The outcropping that forms the top of this waterfall is interrupted by a jawline of craggy blue rocks, frothing at the formidable intensity of the rushing fluid. The drop from this cliff is a good 200 meters—nothing to sneeze at, and, as the impact of the falling liquid brings a mist to your face, the presence of this waterfall pleases you. It is only natural, now, to be conscious of your face—this is the first time I am mentioning it, but you should already know that you had one due to the existence of your eyes. We can also surmise that you are in possession of nerves (or of some similar electroconductive apparatus) to register and signal changes in temperature and the nuances of tactile phenomena. I shall not deprive you of those in this simulation. At any rate, the mist does not bother you as you have long felt the piercing blue sun upon your face. The heat has absorbed through the layers of epidermis. Your face feels like it is burning and your pores are actively secreting no shortage of substances from your cheeks and noses (assuming a plurality of the latter). Your hand—yes, you also have a hand—falls upon your face. Your hand feels your face and your face feels your hand. There is a moisture there (on your face), but not of the slippery variety. The wet of the cool red water has overwhelmed the oil secretions. You hear the sounds of birds and screeching macaques. This could be a tropical locale. It sounds like one, does it not? Perhaps, you are cruising through a rainforest of some kind. What is a “rainforest” though? Maybe such a word makes no sense here. There are glimmers of lush white vegetation all around you. Bright ivory trunks of trees with white satin leaves punctuated occasionally by the charcoal of black and gray flowers. 
Hold that image still in mind. OK? 
And now, for but a nanosecond, you are deprived of these expansive environs and you find yourself in a tiny orange room with round orange walls with the fruity smell and taste of oranges infusing your body. You are standing now (no longer sitting, mind you) and also holding moist, peeled orange slices in your hands. Again: this is only a nanosecond. 
And then, you find yourself suddenly back in the boat again.
What just happened? Had you been just now in a different place? 
Are you even in this place? 
You are sitting again, not standing as you had been for that nanosecond. The sound of the waterfall meets your ears (yes, you have ears—remember the screeching macaques?) and you feel the gentle drifting of the boat beneath you. You taste the air and sense the mist. It’s almost like you’d never left.
But here is the critical question: does that momentary taste of orange linger between the receptors and the brain as your tongue meets the mist? Do you still taste an orange taste? Has it saturated fully through the moistness of your tongue? And does the orange color of that momentary room project itself now over the white bark and the satin leaves of ivory trees, rendering all of the vegetation orange until your visual receptors adjust to the new frequencies of stimuli? 
But you were away for merely a nanosecond! How is it that these stimuli persist?
Maybe the sight, smell and taste of ‘orange’ lingers for a moment and is sensed, but then this sensory footage is later edited retroactively from memory and thereby vanquished from any lingering conception of experience. Of course, it would only seem natural to cut away at such momentary anomalies in order to preserve the continuity for this reality of preference. In doing so, the mind will have selected the waterfall as its reality of preference and redacted any perceptual memories of that orange space.
This is not to say that the preferred reality is the only reality being experienced, but it is, in fact, the paradigm of existence most commensurate with the terms of the self in this state. The mind has, thereby, taken its preference and edited out the conflicting footage. The orange walls and the orange smells and tastes are clipped out from the memory. And once the conflicting frames are snipped away, the negatives of remaining experience are taped together. Meanwhile, the edited reel is tossed and thereafter forgotten. The edited bit may have happened, but it really doesn’t matter. 
It’s a fluke. 
Just as I have simulated and crafted this experience for you, so, too, does our consciousness play a similar game with our latent perceptions. The mind only knows what it tells itself and, therefore, if you tell your mind something that you want it to know, so it shall be. The sensory pathways are branching networks of neural dominos and all it takes is a leading assumption—a gentle nudge—for the dominoes to fall in a prescribed direction and along a specific branch (or set of branches, as in the case of frequent ‘nudges’—perhaps we are better served in referring to these as ‘hunches’ rather than ‘nudges’).
Regardless, it’s as simple as that. It comes down to a matter of convenience really—a matter of subjective inclination mostly. Our theoretical mind becomes the engineer of our preference with respect to the modality and specifications of reality embraced. 
Of course, this ‘mind’ of which I have been speaking is a slippery construct (as is the notion of ‘consciousness’) when one cannot only equate this phenomenon to an illusion of neuromechanics (of physical substance, that is), and when we must reckon with the likelihood (repulsive though it may seem to scientific determinists) that we are all, as I mentioned, intangible entities continuously in flux with the tangible—piercing endless dimensions, warping both space and time in unrealized micro-universes, shifting through quadrillions of permutations of reality, permutations of self, and, moreover, relenting to incalculable arrangements of form and semblance, aligning in strange juxtapositions and across awkward consistencies of substance—occupying new hosts of particles, each incongruent with its previous iteration, lingering for brief stretches of time, and then shifting again like dissatisfied wanderers. 
Nevertheless, this simplified construct of ‘self’ and these reductive conceptions of ‘mind’ and ‘consciousness’ prove useful when tracing the inner boundaries of a given metaphysical locality. 
And so, we shall abide by them.

D. Part Four – On Epistemological Preference

It gets messier the further we probe into this phenomenon, for we can only work with the negligible terms of understanding at our command. For simplicity, let us draw this notion back into reasonably familiar turf: by ceasing, for the moment, with our ruminations into the inexorable movements that propel our intangible spirits about the macrouniverse (or multiverses), and by looking instead more closely at those smaller realities nested within the larger realities. 
As it relates to us, I am referring to those internal pockets of human construction that codify meaning in our daily existence and whose very codification similarly transforms through individual and group intervention. This is worth pondering, for certainly there exist palpable divergences in perception that pull us each away from the other and drive between us formidable rifts in our fundamental conceptions of ‘being.’ And so extreme are these disjunctions that we find ourselves capable of occupying the same physical space whilst, at the same moment, existing in distant ontological bubbles. 
What I mean to say is that, amidst the forces that propel us from one physical point in space to another and sculpt us through our successive permutations of self, we are also, ourselves, consciously moving particles which react (whether deterministically or out of free will) to the dynamics of the microrealities we occupy, seeking all the while to shape our own microdestinies. And yet, in spite of the space, resources, relationships and sustenance we share externally with other like specimens, we still break off to join unique particle clusters, each adhering to its own internal logic and conceptualization of the surrounding Universe. There is no overlap between these social constructions of reality, and so the experience of ‘being’ becomes vastly different depending on what cluster one happens to occupy. 
I trust you understand what I mean by this, but, at the same time, sense that I am not effectively explaining the crux of the issue as it relates to us.  Perhaps, I should express this in more concrete terms: I’m sure you have noticed in recent years that we, as ostensible “humans,” have come to be in a shaky place with respect to our notions of consensus reality, for we are no longer in the era of fact divorced from ideology, but rather in our respective cocoons of epistemological preference and self-induced suggestion. 
It is an internal problem among our “species” and I would say that it stems from a splintering of “group consciousness” (again, a slippery construct). That is to say that we have divided and subdivided ourselves into categorical nodes representing ideologies and worldviews—this is nothing new, of course, but certainly the level of self-interest, self-selection and self-specification involved in defining these nodes of epistemological preference is, in many respects, alarming. I would say that if the Algorithmists have achieved anything at all, they have fashioned a sheath of algorithms that can form around us like some second skin and engineer for our senses any reality that suits our fancy and confirms our biases. The only inputs required are our preferences, assumptions and emotional triggers (we might call this an experiential data set of sorts). Equipped with these concrete specifications, we process the stimuli that manifest all about us and find ourselves perplexed when someone else has done the same, yet somehow manages, within those same surroundings, to draw away quantities that differ from our own. 
Of course, a difference in interpretation is not unusual, but how can we account for any disparities observers experience in the simple determination of facts? I think we can agree that the tools of observation at our command will inevitably be susceptible to error, and so we can easily say that the perception of a fact (or set of facts) will vary between observers. Even when we control for these errors in observation, we still remain vulnerable to observer-expectancy bias—that is the bias that arises out of what one expects to perceive before perceiving it—but we can control for this as well. In ruling out these errors and biases, we can safely hypothesize that any variation in the determination of facts between independent observers would thereupon come down to a matter of differential relevance being attributed to the items observed—in other words, a selective perception. Perhaps you would agree that we tend to ascribe greater pertinence to certain perceptual details (or stimuli) while glossing over (if not, otherwise, ignoring) others. 
Let us assume that, for a given subset of facts, all observers can enjoy equal and unmitigated access.  That is, all facts maintain equally availability to all observers and none is presented with greater preference than another. Even when this is the case, we will still resort to subjective appraisals of each fact’s relative value. This means that facts can be allotted variable weights according to the priorities of a given observer—somewhat in the way a sentence changes in meaning according to the context and voice of the speaker, the syllables stressed (or omitted), the phrases emphasized and the intonation carrying the message forth. 
We might think of the facts as the letters in this sentence: any commonality in their reading and pronunciation should be contingent upon a consensus with respect to their decryption and understanding, but any similarity in their interpretation could only arise out of a consensus in narrative. Yet, a shared narrative depends both on a concurrence with respect to the facts being emphasized (or de-emphasized) and a consistency embedded in the process of creating meaning from these facts. Ultimately, whether or not two independent observers share a narrative comes down to a subjective choice, perhaps even an aspirational decision. There is a degree of self-sacrifice involved in participating in this conspiracy of narrative: an individual abandons the uniqueness of his or her own interpretation for the sake of conforming to a shared model of understanding. There is a comfort in doing so. We might even conclude that a similitude of interpretation between any two observers amounts to little more than an illusion of consensus wrought from their desire for community, a release from their solitude. Thusly, the embrace of such an illusion could plausibly be deemed a form of self-induced suggestion.
Perhaps, you find this assertion somewhat extreme, but if you’ll allow me to explain further, you might understand how I arrived at this conclusion. To start with, I believe that it is fair to argue that we process a fact as we would any signifier in its context. Each of us has a unique and specialized interpretation of a given fact as decrypted by the habitual frameworks of our experiential self. There is no other like it and no one else can share this derived meaning with us, for it is exclusive to each individual and beyond replication. In spite of this highly specialized and individual process of deriving meaning, we are often akin to believing erroneously that we have processed a fact in the same way as another for whom we share a social tie or a personal esteem. Perhaps, this perceived similarity arises only out of a fear of loneliness or embarrassment. Certainly, it is far easier to convince ourselves of a consensus in perception than to deny it and cut ourselves off from the rest of humanity. We seek, after all, to break our loneliness through transactions of sympathy—that is, sympathy received by others and sympathy we reciprocate. Yet, still we wish to deem our perceptions as exceptional, even enviable, for they distinguish us, as individuals, from the great faceless mass. And so we might self-select into ideologies and subscribe to groups sharing our ‘values’ for this very reason: to customize our identity and assume a visage of self-exceptionalism. And, in so doing, we must understand that we have exercised epistemological preference—we have overridden our instinctual and innate ways of knowing by giving preference to externally manufactured mechanisms. We thereby seek out information and investigate what is around us according to tools for meaning-making forged systematically from the molds of group identity and aspiration.
This, of course, is a natural phenomenon. We retain uniqueness at our origin, but seek an artificial commonality with others through a desire for belonging and, possibly even, out of a sense of shame and loneliness; nevertheless, we begin, after some time, to affect a kind of prideful autonomy from our group, which is little more than an altered iteration of that compromised commonality of group identity. In actuality, this ‘autonomous self’ is a mere shadow of that ineffable core self that we had once compromised. And so, this finding of commonality and self-distinction becomes a peculiar cycle of self-compromise, collective co-construction and facile self-actualization (albeit through an artificial and highly ego-induced means of spotting superficial differences between oneself and others). Throughout this process, we remain blind, of course, to the core individual consciousness, and perhaps also to the collective unconscious.
Allow me to illustrate my point: imagine that you hold in one hand an oddly shaped stone. You keep this hand closed into a fist, but still you can feel the stone’s curvature and the pointed edges, the roughness—of course, you know the relative size and weight and might even have a mental image of the color of this stone, even if you have not yet laid eyes upon it. Imagine that stone in your hand. Imagine what it is like to know everything about the way it feels, but nothing of how it looks. Hold that in mind for a moment.
Now, imagine that there is a person standing next to you who tells you that she also holds a stone in her hand. You look down and see the clenched fist and she sees yours and you confess the same. Neither of you, it seems, has yet opened the hand and seen the stone. Still, you can only trust each other’s proclamations. Standing together with your stones in hand, the two of you theorize about whether or not your respective stones are similar to one another. You discuss mundane details about your stones (not the special ones—you hesitate to make mention of the sharp point in the northern hemisphere or the flat area on the bottom). Your neighbor finally notes similarities between her stone and yours, and you nod with relief and acknowledge that your stones indeed share reasonable commonalities. Over the course of your discussion, you and your neighbor finally conclude, without bothering to open your hands, that the stones you hold must indeed be quite similar.
Are they? It is only suitable to say that they are. 
At the same time, and in spite of your desire not to offend, there is no doubt in your mind that the stone you hold bespeaks a greater prominence than that of your neighbor. You are not sure how you know this to be true, but it must be so! And I do not mean that this stone simply holds a greater subjective prominence. It has something of the universal, for it is, indeed, an auspicious stone! Silently, you hypothesize in what ways it must be special. It is possibly different in shape, color, weight, size and texture from the other, but you cannot confirm this. Perhaps, it is special by substance? Still, you are unsure. The very fact of your uncertainty begins to bother you and unleashes within you a deep insecurity. What if you are wrong and your stone is actually inferior to the other…or inferior even to some third stone not yet encountered? 
Meanwhile, your neighbor is silently suffering in the same agony. Both of you tacitly understand that, without comparing the two visually, it is absurd to proclaim the two stones similar. Yet, your fist remains clenched, as does your neighbor’s and so you find yourselves unable to hold out the stones before you and compare them side-by-side. Of course, this is possible, but the mutual curiosity is outstripped by an inveterate pride, and so you both become afraid of showing (and even seeing) what you have, for fear that your respective stones will be different in appearance from the model that you have each conceptualized in mind. Meekly your eyes meet and you smile to one another at your new comradeship, but, all the while, remain paralyzed by a simultaneous shame and vanity.
None of this is abnormal of course. This is simply one way of understanding how we assume commonality in spite of our individual differences. We might also understand from it in what ways we are likely to feel insecure about those very differences. The situation need not be complex if we limit our understanding of our surroundings to what we can observe firsthand through our immediate perceptions.
In our current world, however, the situation is far more complex than what I just described because our realities are now shaped secondhand, thirdhand and fourthhand by the perceptions of innumerable strangers we will never encounter face-to-face. We are bombarded with high volumes of new information at such an intense rate that our attempts to make sense of it are confounded by a fathomless doubt. We know better than to trust everything we hear and see, especially when the origin of the information is remote from us. But there is so much of it, and there is a good deal that we can call reasonably reliable. How does one dismiss all of it? And how is there any way in this modern world to survive without crucial and up-to-date information—even if it is the latest weather report? We have been attuned to love information because it endows us with certain advantages over the otherwise uninformed. And so, we cannot simply stand there with stones in our hands anymore and question our senses. We are now forced to wonder about the stones held by people in remote locations. We have to think about what they are telling us, and whether there is a grave misunderstanding or some disingenuous motive behind the information being disseminated. And this is to say nothing of the means of dissemination itself. 
There are so many sources and conduits of information now. So many eyes, ears and noses in the world, but can they be trusted to decrypt and interpret facts as we would? Of course not! And what are we gaining and losing by having these individuals as our filters of the truth and the weavers of narrative? There are so many conflicting accounts out there. So many questionable sources and ulterior motives! There are so many prophets who claim to be able to cut through the nonsense and tell us the real truth. And out of all this arises a cacophony comprised of competing ‘truthtellers’ who are looking to discredit one another if only to boost their own status and followership. They seek to be the ‘signal’ in the ‘noise’ and this can only be achieved by being the loudest and most authoritative voice on all matters of relevance. 
And so, indeed, what we must find concerning in our present world is the degree to which the rapid and free flow of information has resulted in an excess of noise that confounds our faculties for sensemaking. With the increase in the numbers of eyes and ears and noses reporting what is seen, heard and smelt all over the known universe, the voices of information dispersal have become less systematic and disciplined than the scribes and newsreaders of past eras, who learned their craft with care and austerity. Instead, the voices have become more vitriolic, accusatory and contrarian to the point that a simple presumption of fact must now be tantamount to the embrace of an ideology. Even in the example of the stone, the mere presumption that the stone is not to be seen, but only felt and theorized about, places one into a certain subgroup of people who believe this to be the most appropriate behavior with respect to such a phenomenon. However, there are those who would vehemently disagree with this and accuse this prior group of being fuzzy thinkers who thumbed their noses at rationalism. Still, a third group might find any conversation with another person about his or her stone to be highly intrusive behavior that infringes upon the liberty and privacy of another. Thus, even inadvertently, through your actions (or inactions) with the stone, you have self-selected into a group and already have both allies and enemies—even if you do not wish for this to be so.
It all sounds absurd, I know. But this is where we are now as a species, and the liberalization of information dispersal has not only resulted in a further splintering of our common experience, but has also given way to a greater polarization in views with respect to the facts underlying a given phenomenon—included in this would be a similar divergence in views regarding the very existence of said ‘phenomenon.’
That is to say that while there were previously some quantities that we could agree upon—things we could even take for granted and not have to rethink—we no longer find ourselves with that luxury. There are even factions of people out there who reject any assertion that blood runs through our veins. Even if they see blood pouring out from a gash, they will assume this to be the melting of skin and bones. The concept of blood flowing through vessels in the body is archaic and alien to their thinking. They can contradict any number of medical charts you might present them with their own ‘newer’ charts showing a human body without veins, arteries and capillaries. If you try to be clever with them and ask them why, if there is no blood, the heart should beat, they will surely tell you that the purpose of the heart is to aid in digestion. I know this because I have encountered such individuals before and they even made me question what I know and accept as true. They get all of their information from an online electronic medical archive created by the Foundationist Medical Association. I looked that organization up recently. Three members of their board claimed to be top of their class at esteemed medical institutions. After digging deeper, I found out that these men did not actually obtain medical degrees, but had been enrolled in week-long “leadership” seminars at these medical colleges and had received satisfactory scores on their exit examinations. At best, they received Certificates of Participation. I went back and explained this to the Progressive Anti-Vascularists (that’s what this faction calls itself: ‘Anti-Vascs’ for short), but this only led to more arguments and retaliatory aspersions. They even questioned my own credentials as well as my motives in seeking to deceive them. They accused me of being in bed with a pharmaceutical corporation and claimed that I only wanted to increase the value of my shares in the company by selling them on the benefits of one of those ‘bogus blood vessel medicines.’ I mean…I could go on and on with the excrement they flung at me, but, by the end of my discussion with them, we got so far away from the topic of blood that we forgot about it completely. I was spending most of my time addressing their misconceptions about me. Our dialogue, in sum, devolved to something resembling a childish game.
We once regarded knowledge as wealth. Now, I would call it clutter. Some of it has value, but much of it is corrosive rubbish that should really be disposed of before it causes any further contamination. There is so much contradictory information out there that we can no longer assume a commonality in understanding even with respect to those elements of knowledge we once deemed basic and universal. We must now explain even the simplest things to people at the unfortunate risk of sounding condescending, whilst, at the same time, wondering if we are, at all, being unjust in assuming that it is the other person, and not ourselves, who must be disabused of illusions. 
It is difficult to hold the Anti-Vascs in contempt for their methods of acquiring knowledge. Their techniques are no different from our own at this point. When they use an online browser, all of their activity is catalogued and fed into search algorithms. All of their interests, preferences and affiliations determine the path that opens before them and the portals of information thereupon welcoming them. Through the same process of discovery that I will find information supporting the existence of blood vessels, they will find information that explains blood to be a liquefaction of skin and bones. Furthermore, they will find reports debunking and discrediting ‘old junk science’ espousing some ridiculous paranormal belief in intrabody blood conduits. What we call varicose veins they will call jellied skinworms. What we call pulse at certain points in the wrist and neck, they will refer to as either ‘bone spasms’ or ‘skin gurgle’—depending on the rapidity and intensity of pulsation. We believe we have more empirical evidence and hardcover textbooks to support our knowledge. They have an equal number of explanatory models and diagrams to explain theirs. In the end, I find myself at a loss to dispute what they claim, for they have arrived at their ‘new knowledge’ through the same path of discovery as I have. The only difference in each of our cases is that second skin of algorithms that has formed around each of us—those algorithms that fashion our preferences, aspirations and beliefs into experiences that confirm our biases. Our differing experiences of the same phenomenon—even with respect to the nature of blood—codifies, in our thoughts and mental conceptualizations, sets of disparate realities. And so, the experience of ‘being’ becomes, in turn, fragmented and subject to incongruities. 
This can now be witnessed in even the simplest of phenomena.
There was a time when it was fair to say that a circle in shape was a ‘circle’ in essence. One would have been able to say the same in calling a square a ‘square.’ There was no likelihood of envisioning a disparity between geometric form and geometric essence, for there was no interest in doing so. Yet, now, in the age of advanced epistemological preference, this simple discernment invokes the worst manifestations of Ego and Identity. I spoke earlier of that shame and vanity we feel amidst our inability to open our hands and look upon that stone; now, this feeling takes on a heightened and disconcerting form that lends us to paranoia, distrust and contempt for those who disagree with us. What I mean to say is: a circle cannot simply be a circle anymore. Some would prefer to look upon this geometrical figure in a different light: perhaps as a square that has been deprived of its corners. Other misguided fools are inclined to wish corners upon said circle in order to force a square-shape upon it—that is, if they are not otherwise accusing their rivals of some insidious scheme to relegate what would otherwise have been a square to a lifestyle of unwanted curvature! And so, our preference, our self-interest and our ability to project specifications upon the shape of our reality reduce us to this simple confusion of not being certain if a circle in shape is indeed a circle in essence, or if it has otherwise been willed to this configuration by some fundamentalist squarehater. The facts at our disposal will be woven to the point that all interpretation of this shape becomes a matter of ideology. Thusly, we are sure to find, even in the presence of a geometric certainty, that there are many factions who are unable to agree on whether a perceived circle is actually a reformed square, whether that circle aspires to be a square (that is, it needs only to be fitted with corners and straight lines), whether the circle has been a square all along (but is simply masking itself as a circle), or whether there is no circle and no square (in fact, no shape at all… for all of this is a matter of self-delusion). 
I’m sure you can imagine, darling Petunia, that so fierce is the uncertainty before us that it has caused some to question their own existence, and indeed their purpose for existing. It has compelled a few sensitive and insightful souls to suicide. They might call themselves purists, but I think it’s best we simply deem them impatient.  
At any rate, I will not let this confusion overwhelm me. Humans are not at all exceptional beings. I am certain this sort of fragmentation of perception and of reality has occurred before elsewhere among other aggregates of entities in our Universe and in other nooks of the Multiverse, but it certainly affects the lens with which each of us, as discrete entities, and all of us, as an interconnected whole, conceptualize our world as well as all that lies beyond its perimeter. I recognize that this all sounds unnecessarily vague; maybe, in order to better address the symptoms of our common ‘affliction,’ it is best we examine briefly the present condition of humankind. 
In characterizing our ontological structure at present, as a species and as a neighbor to other species of animate, inanimate and disanimate entities within and external to our surroundings, it would suffice to say this much: there is no more conception of a shared history among us. This little says a lot: there is no more need for history because the past is as fluid as “the model of present” for which we hold our greatest affinity. All archives of fact can be processed to accord with our own preferences, biases and worldviews. Let us say that we find ourselves in a gallery of photographs, video displays and objects: documented facts that unequivocally support an alternate truth over our own conception. Well, we live in an age in which all of these “documents” can still be fabricated or altered quite easily to support any arbitrary set of notions. The Anti-Vascs might serve as a suitable example here, for they are aware of what the science textbooks say about blood vessels. The only difference between them and us is that they deem those textbooks outdated and believe themselves to be in step with the ‘new science.’ This, in a way, is a form of epistemological preference.
We often see epistemological preference in religious mindsets and in the groupthink of scientific, philosophical and professional communities. Another example is the Evangelical Bio-Flagellators: they are a religious order that set up camp around hospitals, biological laboratories and quarantined villages. They root through dumpsters and prostrate themselves before petri dishes containing bacteria that they believe will absolve them of their sins. Truth be told, their population has bottlenecked numerous times due to continuous exposure to deadly pathogens. They see infection as possession by the divine spirit and death as their rapture. And maybe, in its own way, this all makes a kind of sense. Do you wish to see the virtue of kneeling before the ghosts of bacteria long dead and long forgotten—do you wish to view these bacteria as our spiritual progenitors and instill them with godlike attributes? This can be easily done so long as the mind is rendered willing to accept this above all other potential and competing truths. 
It all sounds rather complex, but let us consider this concept to be somewhat similar to the notion of selective memory. The two of us might experience the same phenomenon or internalize the same fact; however, we each encounter a gap between what is perceived and what is kept in memory. The shape, size and nature of these respective gaps will differ for each of us and will ultimately become unimportant; the gaps will never have been present as far as we are concerned, because anything that serves to challenge the internal narrative we each maintain is to be cut away as fat by a butcher’s knife. The mind chooses and filters experiences to accord with the general assumptions we each maintain about the world. 
Again, in this case, I speak of the mind as a metaphysical whole, but also as a mechanism guided by physical properties. This is for the sake of simplicity, but also because there is no need, in cases as these, to distinguish between the two, for the metaphysical whole and our incumbent physical nanomechanisms are either overlapping or working in synchronicity.
Either way, there is no presumption that we maintain of our own bias in this process of editing. And it is with direct consequence that we find jarring any phenomenon that confounds our internal truths, or, at the very least, meddles with the specifications we have set out for it. 
Which brings us to the matter before us

E. Part Five – The Bunnu – O. Dynamic

This jarring effect: could it have also been so for my friend and your brother, Bunnu? He sensed that he was trapped in the wrong reality—indeed not the reality of his preference. 
The reality of ‘preference’…perhaps I should explain this. Again, I call your attention to the distinction between the macrouniverse (or multiverses) influenced by the dynamics of forces beyond our control and the microrealities of daily ‘conscious’ experience and movement that we occupy—the smaller bubbles within the larger bubbles of reality.
Imagine our life in those smaller bubbles, not as something lived fully and directly, but as something that only sustains itself ephemerally through symbols, through mere representations of epistemological preference. Our internal realities are shifting cities built upon momentary foundations of selective presumption: remote and sealed away from all conceivable alternatives though unique arrangements of signifiers. Our bubbles of paradigm are impermeable: each internally encoded reality remains impenetrable and nonsensical to the external logic of another. 
And yet, in a matter of moments, we might be ejected from these comfortable cushions: thrown from reality to reality unwittingly—we are first on a boat drifting toward a waterfall, and then, we find ourselves, without cause, in an orange room. Next, maybe back in the boat, but most likely somewhere else entirely. In physicality, memory and ontology, we undergo these relentless shifts and transfigurations. We might even transmogrify in mere moments from purple-haired walrus to yellow-tongued turtle to a flaky pile of pinkish-red granite chunks. But, as I mentioned earlier, through our recurrent transformations, we edit away the conflicting footage of our previous incarnations to embrace that of the immediate. There is no need, in such circumstances, for us to retain even the slightest memory of where we had been external to the reality we have just entered. Any such memory would only serve to unravel the foundations of what we have only to embrace.
Yet, what if some lingering crumbs of the previous clung stubbornly to us as we entered a new reality? 
Imagine yourself waking up in a place you do not recognize. In a world that adheres to none of what you deemed to be the common logic. Your recollection of your ‘native reality’ is in pieces, but you remain cognizant of the fact that your experience of ‘being’ up until now has been vastly different from what you are encountering at this moment of waking—in this presumed first moment of sentience. Try to envision these circumstances. And then, try to envisage what it must have been like for Bunnu waking up this morning in that strange cabin to find himself connected somehow to a world conflicting with his inherent assumptions and fundamental conceptions of ‘being.’ 
Perhaps, the peculiarity of his reactions was a moment of honesty at this ridiculous farce. To him, none of this made sense. It was almost worthy of a dream to his mind and so his behavior became erratic, as one’s might when one is rebelling against the runaway logic of a dream. None of this aligned with his assumptions about his ‘native reality.’ None of you had any place in his previous reality—I hope your feelings are not hurt by my saying so, but I do believe that this was the case. And, in view of his bizarre attitude, this may not surprise you too terribly.
I am even told that he made some long-winded appeal to the Lithomorphic Snuggledogs of Conflagrant Marmalade Prime. You might have thought him mad, but indeed he was on to something, for my associates and I have come to theorize that our consciousness has come at the behest of these creatures, who delight endlessly at the petty dramas they create through us, their puppets. You might think it irresponsible of me to suggest that all of our theology, aesthetics, science, diplomacy and bloodshed have served the vicarious whims of sedentary and dispassionate lifeforms who merely sit like stones beneath and between floorboards in cabins such as your brother’s. 
Nevertheless, my associates—I’ll explain who they are later—suspect, for one thing, that your brother is not your brother. That is to say that he seems a little too clued in to the intentions of the Snuggledogs for it to be the Bunnu that we both know. Another thing that they suspect is that there exists some connection between this ludicrous ‘reappearance of Bunnu’ and your other sibling, O. That is to say that we have received unusual reports about O. and now have reason to suspect that this subterfuge involving Bunnu has originated out of O.’s circle of accomplices. I do not know what to make of this really, but my associates are looking closely at this. If there were a connection between O. and Bunnu’s peculiar behavior, this morning, would this not serve to explain a great deal?
To be sure, there are many other curious occurrences of late that one could easily associate with this Bunnu-O. dynamic. Like this second moon everyone’s talking about: we believe there to be a connection between the sudden appearance of this supposed moon and the RavanAlloy Corporation. You know that Bunnu once worked for RavanAlloy and that O. is the presiding chairman of the board. You know this, right? Well, I think it is reasonable to assume some degree of conspiracy here. There are too many coincidences: the alleged appearance of the second moon, the ‘escape’ of this individual resembling your brother, his strange incantation to the Lithomorphic Snuggledogs, as well as other points that I will address later. 
In particular, these allegations around the moon are rather puzzling and I’m afraid we have no answers for these. Some among us even think that if there were a satellite, it would be artificial—a monument crafted by the Corporation in the likeness of O. I cannot confirm it, but I have heard this heavenly body called the ‘Accursed Moon,’ for it is either so ugly that one cannot glance upon it for more than a second, or it is otherwise, itself, a reflective ball: the ugly countenance we see, then, would only be the likeness of our own planet being projected back at us—an unbecoming specter indeed! I realize now that I’m getting a little ahead of myself, for all of this is speculation based on something I have not even observed for myself. 
Let me back up for a moment. I hope you will humor my doubts over the existence of this moon. You know what I refer to when I speak of the second moon, no?

F. Part Six – The Second Moon and the Narrative of “Sky”

By now, you must have heard the news reports about a second moon in the sky. Alas, I have not seen it as I live in a large metropolitan area now and it is rare that the smog clears sufficiently for us to behold even a sliver of the night’s sky—this, of course, is to say nothing of the light pollution for there is nary a nook of darkness that goes unprobed by our fluorescent lighting. Here, in Alpha City, we have a common saying: “What we call ‘sky’ is merely a figment of our narrative.” The most dreamy-eyed among us seem to adorn themselves and their aspirations in that proverb and you’ll see it everywhere: in advertisements on the sides of streetcars and auto-rickshaws, spelled out in studs and rhinestones on designer jackets, emblazoned in the intricate designs of facial tattoos—even painted on city walls by putrid vandals and inspiring street artists. 
There is something glorious about kneading out into the doughy firmament the depth and breadth of one’s own universe, in rendering the contours of a sky whose limits are predicated only upon the bounds of one’s own imagination. The fact of the matter is that we cannot see the natural sky at all here. It is something like a theoretical mathematical expression: like the square-root of ‘negative one’—certainly it could be said to have a purpose for existing, but to cast eyes upon it, in its natural quantity, would be something akin to casting one’s eyes upon the raw elements comprising our everyday sustenance. How many of us have even borne close witness to the minute chemical compounds that react to lend battery power to our portable electronics? The sky is indeed such a concealed fixture now. It is fair to say that we have purged our memories of its true face and so we can only approximate a canvas and project our desires upon it to our heart’s dearest fancy. The most cynical among us would ostensibly declare it an unavoidable tragedy, but perhaps even these hardened individuals could not remember the naked sky well enough to know if what they were missing was something worthwhile. Perhaps, it’s cynical of me to say so! In any case, we have our searchlights pointed upwards and crisscrossing that expanse of heavens as though to make some sensational and profane joke of ourselves to the surrounding universe. We beam already video images of beauty pageants and dancing contests with smiling mannequins who look like buffoons. And so, the face of space cloaks itself behind our light pollution—in this respect, our mirrored sidewalks and lustrous streets do little to help our cause—and that face remains hidden from us in its jeering ridicule, its mocking laughter at this inexorable farce of human existence.
Thus, it is no small wonder that my eyes should miss this second moon. Roaming “the sticks” as you have been, you are removed from the lights of modern civilization, and so, perhaps, you have borne witness to this peculiar new satellite. You are not the kind to be otherwise distracted by the illumination of displays.
So I ask: Is it true? Is there a new moon?
It is difficult for me to discern this simple fact as our sources of news have given way to splintered bubbles of information upholding disparate paradigms of truth. This complicates matters further!
And so, we return again to this topic of the reality of our preference: the self-styled truth. 
Of course, in this respect, we are helplessly beholden to our sources of information. It has not always been so splintered as it is now. As I mentioned earlier, there were, among us, at one time, newsreaders who could be depended upon for their capabilities at fact-finding and for their framing of the shared narrative in terms that allowed us to comprehend the larger picture. They prioritized inclusion, and, even when the narrative vilified ‘the common enemy,’ we understood well what united us and for what purpose. Others external to our society called this news ‘propaganda,’ just as we called their ‘news’ the same. The number of ideologies in open conflict was far fewer and the boundary between each of them much clearer. We had newspapers and newsreaders and news presenters—news announcers over radio and over television. There were fewer trusted channels of information and most of them were manned by guilds of scribes and journalists who abided by a prescribed code of ethics even if their coverage could be said to favor a given interest or worldview. 
Over time, as the flow of information took multivariate forms and the common man was given the power to be the eyes and ears and noses of the world, ‘newsreading’ became a much more overt method for appealing to certain groups and for furthering the interests of their affiliated power structures. As you may know, our once trusted newsreaders are much more transparently beholden than ever before to a variety of interests and nodes of influence: to the news organizations, who, seeking profitability, must bend to commercial and political favor; to religious and political factions, who puncture the shared narrative when it threatens their ideologies and the values underpinning their consensus identity; and, most notably, to the thought-clerics—psychics, soothsayers, bodhisattvas, therapists and life coaches, whose bread and butter hinges upon their ability to manipulate their subjects to do their bidding, for they are, indeed, parasites upon the will of hosts. I say that this last influence is particularly notable as there have been a large number of moneyed newsreaders whose greatest transgressions against the codes of journalistic disinterest arose not out of organizational, ideological or financial influence, but rather out of their dependence on the guidance of therapists who were treating their insecurities and doldrums, and who, thusly, wielded significant influence over the decisions taken and the perspectives adopted in daily interaction as well as in public presentation. It is these insidious and egomaniacal thought-clerics who have infiltrated the fears of trusted figures and who have fed them warped remedies in the guise of behavioral modification techniques. It is they who have most lastingly scattered us to separation away from one another and splintered us into our own self-important bubbles of paradigm.
Well…perhaps I’m being extreme in saying all this. Again, we cannot be sure that we have occupied this form and this reality for any significant amount of time. What if this were all an illusion—all of human history as well? What if, as I said earlier, we were all still in our first moments of human sentience and that our extrapolated history was merely a state of fragmented delusion to give the present its current texture—a delusion, all the same, whose details we still had difficulty agreeing upon? Did I just write that previous sentence or did it only manifest itself a moment ago as an instantaneous fixture for giving context to this one? Truth be told: I could have sworn when I started this very sentence that I had only recently been a hibernating undersea locust, but perhaps I’m simply troubled by indigestion and nothing more. With each passing sentence that I write, I doubt whether or not I had written the previous or if it had, otherwise, been there for me as a prompt to continue writing. But let us now cease with this rumination.

G. Part Seven – On the Insurmountable Gaps between Bubbles of Paradigm

For the purposes of argument, I will embrace the assumptions that (1) human existence has carried on unfettered and (2) we are subject to a reasonable approximation of self in the present form. Recent findings in cognitive science would have us disagree with this latter assumption—for certainly we will always be subject to those misleading conduits of perception—but I shall continue with this logic, even if it is specious, for the sake of making a cogent argument in manageable terms.
And in adopting this viewpoint, it becomes incumbent upon me to scan the disparate and incongruous shards of reality lying before me. Let us, thusly, embrace the assumption that to each advocate of a respective paradigm within his respective bubble, the phenomenological gaps between himself and those in neighboring bubbles are insurmountable. The resident of a given bubble has become so inured to the echoes of his own ‘truth’ as to abandon all terms of commonality with the ‘truths’ of others outside his bubble. The internal terms, concepts, definitions and assumptions underlying each paradigm are different and incommensurate with those of their external counterparts. And so, to debate them would be tantamount to speaking through one another without much mutual understanding. In their communities, they speak different words, abide by different sets of logic, axioms and propositions from those of other communities; they, thusly, do not understand the terminology upholding other paradigms beside their own, and many attempts at translation have become lost in circular discourse for there exists no equivalency of terms. Thus, any gaps between bubbles of paradigm are beyond traversal; all arguments between them remain perplexing and irreconcilable. There, then, evolves, among them, a strong tendency to seek out information that only serves to confirm their own biases, and, in the process, to otherize any alien paradigms as hotbeds of disinformation. 
To wit, I have heard differing reports across information outlets as to what indeed is true about the existence of this second moon; yet, as I mentioned, I have beheld nothing of it with my own eyes. My men, whose research capabilities I trust greatly, have even, among themselves, conflicting reports. This leads to much misunderstanding between them for they lack the commonality of terms to even argue their theoretical propositions with one another. And so, they remain in their bubbles and only seek out information to support their assumptions, without much interest in acknowledging the likelihood of another version of this ‘truth.’
Some might find this phenomenon troubling, but I do not fault my men for the disparities in their phenomenological “worldviews.” I maintain a diverse association within my ranks and I am proud, even if they remain in their separate bubbles, that these differing types have been able to come together as members of the KLF—regardless of caste, gender, lineage, ethnicity, religion or sexuality (allow me to note here that we have had no shortage of females and transgender members within our ranks, but I often refer to all of my subordinates as ‘men’ and I confess to an unreasonable bias in this form of habitual shorthand). 
While I value this diversity, I have come to find, in recent years, that it is difficult to ensure a commonality of interpretation even of the operational codes that we have embedded in our procedures and policies. I have tried to be patient and to take the long view on such matters, but it appears that, in doing so, I have allowed splinter factions to form within our organization.
The group of investigators you encountered today, I believe, was the research team in closest proximity to you, and so I am making use of them. As you can see, they are a young crew and have a much more flexible view of organizational policies than my more senior teams who adhere to a “Strict Constructionist” construal that relies only on historical precedent and does not entertain intuitive leaps in the interpretation of protocols. Of course, these differing factions tend to be at odds with one another, and I have come to hear—though I cannot confirm this—that they sometimes even come to open conflict. Again, I am at the mercy of the information that I receive. The reports I receive indicate that I have had 57 casualties among my men over the past year, in spite of the fact that we are no longer engaged in military activities. I have been assured that these have all come in the line of duty and that there was no foul play involved—some of my closest advisers have ventured that these are the dangers of performing action research. However, my chiropractor has suggested to me that nearly half of these incidents were due to intentional friendly fire (I am not sure where he gets his information). At any rate, I have opened an investigation, but it seems that, in spite of their differences with one another, the only commonality held by these rival research teams is that I am to be kept in the dark about their infighting. 
It is a very complex matter, I’m sure you’ll agree.

H. Part Eight– In Constant Flux

And so, having surveyed reasonably the complexities of this microdynamic, let us abandon the assumptions set forth in the last section, expel those minutiae of echoes and bubbles, and cast our sights again upon the shifting vista rolling toward us. 
In doing so, we must tolerate another change in momentum: such is to be expected when all is in flux. 
I understand the difficulty this poses and know that this is a lot to ask. To ruminate on these ideas sufficiently, we must, in some moments, reduce ourselves to a diameter smaller than that of a nanoparticle and, in others, inflate ourselves to a size and magnitude beyond the expanse of the physical universe: I am aware of the ontological fatigue with which this surely afflicts you. I sympathize with this feeling and must assure you that this is not, by any measure, a simple undertaking. Anyone with the patience to read and contemplate these ideas is, indeed, a brave and gracious soul. And so, I thank you for your generosity of spirit.
But…yes, back to the matter before us.
As I established earlier, we are in constant flux: our perceptions, memories and conceptions of being. Our experience of the ‘moment at hand’ is as fluid as our understanding of the construct of a ‘moment’ in and of itself. We have passed from the G-144 to the A-2584, or, at least to the best of our memory, we can assume that this has happened. Yet, our acquaintance could simply be illusory and manifested by this, the very first moment of our existence, for we were, just prior to this sentence, separate entities existing in different pockets of the Multiverse. Whether or not we even share the same dimensions of reality, we might both agree that there is much afoot of which we will never quite be aware: many manifestations of ‘self’ acting in parallel to what we perceive right now in this place and time.
And so, in the midst of our shifts from one bubble of paradigm to the next, from one state of being to another, from one “Form” to its “Isomeric Alternative” and from one approximated “origin” in space-time to its implicit “destination” (as classified according to competing, yet mutually irreconcilable, systems of cosmological cartography), it is not unreasonable to wonder at yet another phenomenon—though I’m certain my saying so should vex you. I assure you that this is not my intention, but I would be remiss if I did not take you with me into this next speculation. I fear that I have already asked so much of you, but I hope you will humor me once again. 
By reading further, I can only assume that you shall…

I. Part Nine– A Separate Manifestation 

And so, here it comes:
It is not unreasonable—I wished to say—to wonder at the prospect of a new Bunnu taking form: one separate from the first and manifesting instantaneously from aggregates of particles culled from a series of shifting realities. Now before you get cross with me and throw the tablet across the room, I want you to consider one thing: this is merely a theory and nothing more. I would like us to entertain the possibility that some imposter has unwittingly materialized in this cabin in Vasalla. He does not know he is an imposter; he was possibly even confused about what was happening and was abiding with the situation as best as his inclinations might guide him. There may have been flickers of ‘Bunnu-recognition’ in there, but we must address the possibility that this was not the Bunnu we know. As I mentioned, my sources indicate that he professed an advanced knowledge of the Lithomorphic Snuggledogs and perhaps they were, indeed, his Familiars.
I hope this does not upset you, but even if it does, I implore that you allow me to continue. Perhaps you would like to take a break from reading. 
Why don’t you do that before continuing further?

II.

Didi took another deep breath as though having surfaced from a significant dive. 
She looked up from her reading to find all eyes upon her. Even the manager of the inn was peering curiously at her through a circular window in the kitchen door. All this time, everyone else had remained quiet and breathless as though this message should determine his fate. In a way, this appeared to be true. She said nothing to the waiting members and kept a straight face, as Motiwala had requested, in order not to let on in what ways the letter departed from the story that they had fed her. She was alarmed to find that there was a great deal that their account of the situation already had in common with that of Motiwala. She still hadn’t finished reading this message, but wondered, all the same, if this Motiwala fellow was, at all, aware of these commonalities; surely he could not have been privy to them as he had compartmentalized the activities of this organization so well as to afford its institutional endeavors some degree of insularity and double-blindness.
She now took note of a peculiar look of panic on the faces of these so-called “detectives,” as though they were somewhat concerned that their cover should be blown. There was also in them, now, and for the first time, a discomfort with respect to their uniforms. The manager of the inn had likely turned down the air conditioning and they were starting to look miserable in those broad-collared overcoats. The odor of sweat was now starting to infuse the air. It occurred to her that their wearing these “uniforms” had merely been a put-on in order to lend them that air of believability as “investigators,” especially for the sake of Ottoman, whose interest would have been easy enough to pique through the benefit of such realia. 
In spite of her heightening distrust for these men, she still could not be reasonably certain whether this “Motiwala” was whomever he had proclaimed himself to be, and, even if he was, if his true aim was to confuse or mislead her—he was certainly succeeding in confusing her, to say the least; yet, all the same, she found herself trusting him in slightly greater measure than these men standing before her (not to say that this deemed him completely “trustworthy” by any stretch of the imagination). If, indeed, this “man” was their superior and he was telling her something that was to be kept from these so-called “subordinates,” then he was presenting her with the choice of trusting him implicitly, trusting them blindly, giving differential credence to either or both accounts of the situation, or, most dramatically, to trust no one at all (unless some other heretofore unknown party manifested itself in the near term). This last option, of course, was the most reasonable, but, for the moment, she had the most reliable approximation of matters by trusting him and taking whatever she did glean from his words with a grain of salt. 
He seemed somewhat committed to hedging all proclamations with a maddening uncertainty—so much so as to lend to his words a certain integrity. Of course, this commitment to presenting the fullness of the picture, in all its probabilities and contradictions, seemed to give him over to an inevitable tendency to wander from topic to topic, but then, also, a seeming self-imposed responsibility to force these incongruous shapes together. Perhaps this could only be expected, as he was speaking very expansively and attempting to include every consideration he had at his command into his message. It was tiring and distressing to read, but all the same, she could not help but feel somewhat thankful at his aspirations to grasp at the elusive truths swirling about these affairs, even if he perceived himself very much to be on the wrong track. This, too, instilled his message with a kind of integrity. She could only hope that his explicit expressions of doubt were not a mindful ploy to gain her trust and manipulate her. 
She did not know where this message was leading, but it seemed that for her, Ottoman, the Domesticated Immigrant and this so-called ‘research team,’ all hinged on what she was to read next. There was simply no way around it. 
And so, it only seemed fair to them that she should continue reading. She rubbed her tired eyes once more and looked back at the tablet.

III.

J. Part Ten – The Fractional Bunnu

Welcome back!
I hope you found your break refreshing. I know I am throwing a lot at you, and I hope I have not tired you greatly. I assure you that this is all going somewhere. 
So, if you’ll allow me to continue:
I say this is not the Bunnu we know, but this does not mean strictly that it is not Bunnu. There is the multidimensional Bunnu as connected to what we know of Bunnu across dimensions of the multiverse as our consciousness seems to be connected beneath those layers of self we call ‘mind.’ Let me pause here to say that all that we know of each other is a fraction of who we are across dimensions and a minute fragment of our essence in its larger interconnectedness. I am writing to you, but also writing to myself. Think of it like the hand touching the face in our Waterfall-Orange simulation. Connected to the wholeness of the being, the hand feels the face and the face feels the hand, but still this sensation is only a fractional component of the totality of this experience. Having said this, I now return my ruminations to this entity I shall hereupon call the Fractional Bunnu.
This Fractional Bunnu is a special creature because his particles have been uniquely split by this apparatus they were using in the detention facility: the Molecular Reactive Discourse Amplifier. And so, “he” would be an aggregation of the crumbs of arbitrariness he has magnetized across realities, would be sculpted by contradictory truths and, thus, would have no consistency of memory to draw upon—of course, we must remember that even in spite of the illusory nature of memory, the consistency of said illusion serves as a stabilizing bond for both identity and our frameworks of perception. There can be no stabilizing illusion for him—and, therefore, no source of comfort. He has no sense of belonging—no reality his mind favors as we do. No preference guiding the editing of frames (the forgetting of moments) and so he has discontiguous images and contradictory stimuli posed before his senses constantly. Remember our simulation? He remembers the orange even after it has faded from his immediate perception. His mind shows no preference for one reality over the other and so each experienced reality maintains equal plausibility. 
The situation grows even murkier as we start to consider the incursion of Flaccid Singularities. Do you know what these are? They are matrices of ersatz realities. You probably do not know what I mean when I talk about these, so I’ll spare you the unnecessary description for the moment (I’m not even sure why I brought them up). Let us just say that when we introduce this concept, we open ourselves up to a whole new set of questions. Surely, we are overwhelmed, so we’ll leave aside the topic of Flaccid Singularities and ersatz realities for now.
At any rate, perhaps this amalgam of splintered selves would serve to explain the volatile attitude and highly unstable behavior of this Fractional Bunnu. Just as we shift to become constituents of new “physical” realities, we become instruments in the expression of new and previously unrealized “metaphysical” realities. In doing so, we embrace the new reality and employ its building blocks to reshape the past to accord with our “model of present.” Think of it like cooking an old recipe without the original ingredients. We make do with substitutes, and after some time has passed, our conception of how the dish is meant to taste begins to change. We may not be satisfied with the present alternatives, but even our memory of the past flavor has transformed to accord with the freshest senses of present. The Fractional Bunnu is, in this respect, different from the rest of us, for he retains a special pouch within which he holds these old ingredients; however, he does not remember how to use these at all. And so, we get an unnecessary dollop here and an unlikely sprinkling there until a smattering of past ingredients contaminates that concoction of present.
By saying this, I mean that Bunnu is the most evolved of us, for he is changing physically with as much speed and randomness as our constructions of the reality. He can very likely leap from bubble to bubble retaining some scurf of the former whilst accumulating sediment of the newly adopted. He belongs to neither but is capable of residing in both and in others. Yes, he remains volatile and unsettled in any reality within which he becomes a part. Nevertheless, he is infinitely more adaptable.
But what happened to the first Bunnu, you ask? The ‘original’ we all purport to know? Well, he is perhaps still in the facility. The detention facility, as I mentioned, had experimented with this Molecular Reactive Discourse Amplifier.  I do not know quite what it is but, perhaps, we can understand that the Bunnu in that facility is still there and that this other has manifested in his place external to the prison. We might consider him a “Reconfigured Fractional Bunnu.” So, now there are two Fractional Bunnus: the real one (the original) in the facility and an imposter (or rather the reconfigured version) whom you met this morning in the cabin.

K. Part Eleven – Our Overlapping ‘What’

It appears that I now have to edit this next section. 
I was halfway through writing it, but then we had a new development. I would have otherwise gone on to say here that the one in prison would remain there and may even, himself, have been altered from his ‘original form,’ or that he had stayed more or less the same (or as close to the notion of ‘sameness’ as one might conceptualize) and that we had only to worry about the phenomenon behind this second entity who had manifested outside the prison and who now bore his likeness. However, I have just been told that the “original Bunnu” has also disappeared and I fear that there are now two Bunnus who have escaped detainment. Unless, of course, there is now a third Bunnu that we have not yet encountered. Unfortunately, it is hard to know precisely what has happened, and if, in fact, the information I have received is true. I cannot even ascertain whether or not there was a second Bunnu in the first place. I know this is all very confusing, but we are so much more than ever before at the whims of pervading noise, not a one of us can properly ascertain what’s ‘what,’ or if the idea of a ‘what’ even has meaning anymore. 
Perhaps there are now many strains of ‘what.’
It is all so overwhelming that I am often overcome by the prospect that to go on would be meaningless. If there is no ‘what’ of which we can definitively conceive, perhaps all else is deprived of essence, even the concept of essence itself. Even in death. Were I to end my life, there is no universal notion of life which should meet its end and no notion of demise that could grant my respite. And indeed no conception of respite that we could agree upon.
I could go on and on like this in circles, but I think we both know this achieves very little. If you would allow me to get to the root of the matter affecting both of us: it is fair to say that we share a common interest (as long as we can safely assume that there exists an overlapping ‘what’) and that is to find the real Bunnu. For you, I know that this search is more of a family obligation. My needs, on the other hand, are less tied to emotion. To be completely honest, they are quite self-serving, and perhaps this does not surprise you. At any rate, I have come to think that our interests align in ways now that neither of us had previously considered.
Let me pause here only to say that I am sorry that I had let so much time pass. I did want to contact you sooner and had come to know of your marriage to the Untouchable. I am fine with this, and, in fact, I think he must have been a suitable choice for you as husband. I am not concerned by his social status, for there is no longer much reason to give credence to that caste system of old. It was a petty relic of a defunct culture. You may not know this, but I had aspirations for many years to change the ways of Kaiiba, to liberalize it and open it up culturally and economically as a society which not only took care of its own, but which also coexisted responsibly on the world stage. Promoting civic education programs aimed at debunking the stigma of caste differences was but one initiative I had envisioned in order to effect greater equity and social unity amongst the people of Kaiiba. I was ready to build bridges and work with other world leaders to promote a global era of peace and ecological sustainability with equal preference for all species of animate, inanimate and disanimate entities. It would surely have been a society accepting of even the legal non-entities, and so, perhaps, your brother O. might have been better protected under my administration. At any rate, our situation is far different now and my interests are no longer with the reclamation of my birthright, for indeed this conception of a ‘birthright’ is illusory as well, as are any legal entitlements over property—to say nothing of the notion of ‘property’ itself.
This all might sound somewhat flaky and ill-considered, but, as I said earlier, I do not find it repugnant to maintain that we are very much at the whims of vast ontological shifts beyond our conscious recognition, and that there can, thusly, be no consistency to this phenomenon of ‘being.’ Even if I could disabuse myself of my skepticism regarding the concept of a ‘static reality’ composed of indelible objects, moments and propositions, what would be the aim of my political ambitions anyway? Mostly, these would be rooted in the hollowness of my Ego and would bear insufficient meaning as to be worthwhile. Even any ostensibly altruistic aims I bore to allay the suffering of others, or to fashion a better world (to name a couple) would, in the face of such hollowness and inconsistency, seem false and appallingly self-serving. This does not mean that I am without purpose now, but it certainly calls into question whether there is much need for the concept of virtue with respect to action, other than to perpetuate the foundational chemoeconomic cycles within the micro and macrouniverses we occupy. This, I hope, you will not find so insoluble to reason.

L. Part Twelve – From Fringe Terrorists to Collaborating Researchers

Needless to say, my priorities have shifted over the years, as has the purpose of my organization (assuming, of course, that we are to take memory at face value). Abiding by this same assumption it also seems relevant to mention that my men once knew us as the Kaiiban Liberation Front (the KLF, that is). It further serves my preference to clarify—in light of this assumption—that we still hold on to this acronym, even though we are no longer interested, even slightly, in taking our country back from the Republic. 

[I mean I can go on and on with these sorts of qualifiers (and assumptions) with respect to the fallibility of memory—to be quite frank with you, it all starts to fall flat once we come to recognize that any meaning to be derived from all this muck should be arbitrary at best. All that we can ever know rests inevitably upon a foundation of quicksand. This being the case, why should the past even matter to us? And why bother consider what our organization is now as opposed to what it had been at its outset? Perhaps, it is not the ‘what’ that is important to consider so much as the ‘how’ and the ‘why.’ Why am I akin to remember things in this way? And, reliable or not, how am I to look upon said remembrance? Moreover, how much significance should memory be afforded and how reasonable would it be to build one’s speculation upon this working model of past? There are so many questions that it becomes difficult to know where to begin.
At the very least, I think it is fair to say that my skepticism with regard to the idea of a ‘static reality’ is a relatively recent fixture within the flow of my consciousness (or, at least so it feels), and so—if we are to question whether or not this is our first moment of sentience in the reality we occupy, and whether, indeed, all past that has led up to this moment is mere conjuration—this ‘newfound’ skepticism would underscore the simultaneous utility of fabricating a retroactive cause for our lack of interest in Kaiiban liberation, while reverse-engineering a series of prerequisite pseudo-states within which our ‘apathy’ could have had its foundation in other causal dynamics; and so, through a methodical process of metacognitive regression, we can reason out a series of concrete (and less overarching) causal events and conditions lending fallacious texture over time to our waning enmity for, our growing ambivalence toward and our eventual acquiescence to the hegemony of the Republic. By these specious machinations, it would appear to have been a slow and logical crawl to our present state—rife with peaks and valleys, changes in momentum, eras of uncertainty and moments of reckoning—or, at least, so it can only seem now to the best of my memory: and, again, this should best be deemed as reliable as my freshest perceptions of present (which are, themselves, about as expansive in their approximation of the physical universe as a fruit fly who has lived the entirety of its existence within the confines of a dust bin). Nevertheless, my memory is only inclined to remember the past as it remembers it. It does not entertain any speculation as to what might exist beyond the walls of my own personal ‘dust bin.’]

Verily, I can only embrace as conjecture of past that, over time, and after numerous unsuccessful campaigns against the Republic, the KLF transformed itself from a political and paramilitary entity into an independent non-governmental organization and, then, more recently, into a research collaborative. As I said, it has been a gradual change as there were many years in which our command units planned coordinated attacks on the Republic but never carried them out for one reason or another—mostly because we could not agree upon the best strategy: we are an argumentative bunch. I think that, because our activities were few and far between, the government assumed that we were no longer operational and dedicated fewer resources to monitoring our activities, as there were more active insurgencies consuming their attentions. 
And then, even more time passed and it almost seemed like there was no point in planning attacks anymore. There was a lot of competition from bigger outfits. We were outmatched and anything we could do, at that point, seemed mostly a desperate plea for attention—even if we succeeded in any of our campaigns, we would have been labeled ‘fringe terrorists’ and public sentiment would likely have been stirred against us. No hearts and mind won! Anyway, the Republic had no shortage of bigger enemies with a plenitude of foreign funding. We, on the other hand, had little to draw upon but my own personal savings and the few donations we received from a few Kaiiban friends and sympathizers like Bunnu. We did not have the scale and impact of the larger multinational syndicates. And so the Republic did not have the time or patience to bother with what they now termed as ‘petty domestic militias.’ 
We barely had their attention and didn’t seem to be making much progress otherwise. The Kaiiban people, as a whole, were mostly apathetic to our cause and probably preferred the greater standard of living they enjoyed under the Republic, even if this came at the cost of their collective identity. But what is identity really? What is it to ‘belong’ when we cast ourselves in the mold of a social group? I ask this, in spite of my implicit allegiance to one; yet, it is a worthwhile question. I mean, really, what does it even mean to share a commonality of blood or language or religion or heritage or context or economy or trade—and what value does this sharing of common traits, values and experiences truly have when there exists already a larger model of connection and commonality enveloping these disparate identities whole, as has happened under the umbrella of the Republic? Do we pout at our inadequacies in the face of a “something” that is slightly more heterogeneous in its model of belonging? Sometimes, we simply must let go and chalk up all these movements to an inveterate (and arbitrary) sense of pride. 
And so, having embraced this reasoning, we came to abandon our cause. A cease-fire was never formally declared and we saw no retaliation from the Republic for our previous campaigns. We were still deemed a ‘domestic terrorist organization,’ but to say as much would have been an act of political theater more than anything else. Every so often, an election would come around and a senator or two would need us to play the role of the anarchist boogeymen, who disrupted the fabric of daily life in the Republic, who threatened the safety of women and children and household pets, who inflated insurance premiums for houses and cars, and who menaced law-abiding, tax-paying voters of District XI. We made a bit of money for inciting riots in public spaces so that we could be denounced as ‘radical terrorists’ by the ‘law-and-order candidate’ of each political party. And soon, for tax reasons, we had to change structurally into an NGO. Of course, for reasons of legal compliance, we also had to make numerous bureaucratic changes and devise a mission and vision statement averring that we existed only to serve the common good of the Republic. I won’t bore you with the details of this legalistic transformation. 
So, we became a different sort of organization. Yet, amidst all these changes, one thing certainly never changed: my men stayed with me and continued recruiting, in spite of my repeated requests that they desist from doing so. It appears that there was something special about the community we had built (more precisely, there was something special about the community “they had built,” as, to them, I served once as a catalyst and, then, as a figurehead—conceivably, even up to this point, I’ve never succeeded in being anything more). Regardless, the long and short of it was that quite a few of my men found a sense of belonging with us. Even if this, too, is meaningless and illusory, who am I to blame them?
I hope this will not sound like a complaint, but it is costly to keep such an organization running. Fortunately, even after our military initiatives fizzled out, I still had enough in my coffers and from private donors to sustain us for a little over a century and half. For a little while, we remained mostly a hierarchical social club. We continued to maintain our policies and procedures, our chain of command, our militaristic style of management and our adherence to codes. In order for these to remain in context, intelligence gathering activities persisted, but the scope, scale and purpose of these varied from faction to faction—remember that, within my organization, there are many splinter factions who enjoy the commonality of the KLF, but who compete in order to define its ideological character and motives. Aside from our standard operational activities, we also did some community work and, occasionally, a mercenary mission or two in contract with the Republic (actually, the Republic has been quite kind to us in spite of our numerous rebellion campaigns, and they have even thrown a few crumbs our way—in many respects, we have grown to be mutually dependent upon one another and I believe that they have come to need us in existence just as much as we have needed them in order to preserve our social bonds: ‘Implicit unity through explicit opposition’ as they say). Anyway, at some point, my treasury began to run dry, and we had very little money coming in from our silent partners in the Republic.  So, the whole operation was growing less and less sustainable by the day. I said nothing to my men, but I was preparing to call it quits. Creditors were knocking down my doors and foreclosing on all my land and assets. Through it all, I did my best to hide this from my men. But, apparently, word of our looming insolvency spread quickly, and many of my men proceeded with a mad scramble in fundraising efforts. Of course, these were the most devoted of my people. Some of our younger and lesser committed fellows deserted ranks and sought community elsewhere. I lost about a quarter of my men to Akihito the Prophet of the Outlands and militaristic snake-oil outfits of the like. 
It was a difficult time for me. I felt a bit of my nerve slipping and I soon found myself unable to face my remaining loyalists—I felt inadequate of their loyalty—and so, sometimes, I stood in bed all day, under blankets, praying that my body would remain there until it decayed and crumbled to dust. The sheets would be pulled away and all you would find would be grains of me. I realized even then, of course, how small-minded and petty it was to be so easily consumed by this vision, but still it was an irrational mode, and there is often no recourse in the force of such vehement tides but to relent. 
So, yes, I experienced something of a breakdown. Numerous breakdowns actually—there were good and bad days, of course—but in retrospect, it felt like one years’ long breakdown. Breakdowns are like that—disjointed moments lend themselves to a peculiar continuity like pearls on a string. My assistants, thinking that the morale of my supporters would boost my spirits, summoned all my men to return to camp. We laid the foundations for a vast compound somewhere in the Coral Canyons—this was years before Bahlia and the surrounding basin came to be flooded by sea. Unfortunately, the unneeded attention, the effort required to put on a strong face before my men, did my head in even further. The slightest sounds became sharp, intense needles pricking at my brain. And so, I fled the camp by night and retreated to the calm of a monastery I knew of in the hills. 

M. Part Thirteen – My Retreat in the Hills and a Fit of Digression 

It was a quiet and solemn place. 
I will not tell you the name because it remains my secret, and perhaps I might wish to return there someday and not be disturbed. The monks were a dour bunch. All pasty-skinned and bony. The halls of the monastery were dim except at certain points in the day when the sun shone at the right angle through the barred windows and onto the gray concrete floors. The dining hall was one big table around which we all sat and ate quietly. The food was plain and tasteless and the only sound that could be heard was that of cutlery striking dinnerware and the incessant echoes of slurping and chewing. Some, it seemed, had perfected a technique of slurping loudly amidst moments of flatulence so as not to disturb their companions. I found this very thoughtful, and I strove to do the same. The monks kept to themselves and mostly left me alone. For some, this would have been a depressing place to be. As for me…well, let’s just say that it suited me just right. 
There was something wonderful about being away from the modern conveniences and living again by candlelight as we once had in our youth. The monks even abnegated the luxuries of plumbing and released their waste outdoors in special biodegradable receptacles designed for minimal environmental impact. I was deeply impressed by the experience—for all of their simplicity, for their rejection of technology, they were ahead of the rest of us. Yes, there were flaws to their way of living. They were insulated in their own bubble of routines, of memorization of scriptures and the endless recitation of mantras. I was liberated from such obligation, largely because I was a benefactor of the hermitage. Still, there was something that struck me of the old life and I remembered my childhood, our childhood in Kaiiba. We did not know that we were in a relatively underdeveloped region of the world at that time, for we’d still had no contact with the advanced civilizations beyond our borders. We thought, in fact, that we were highly advanced. But I think, in a way, we had something that was worth keeping. Sure, there were a lot of problems we had in our youth that we are better off without now, but I still think that there is something I have seen around me in the modern culture, in cities especially—in the midst of their progressive values and their technology and their complex models of physiognomic anthropology and thaumaturgical forensics and geological nanolinguistics—I sense among them a profound sense of loss. 
Of what, I still have no idea. 
Whatever it may be, I think that because Bahlia is now underwater, it remains safe from the intrusion of these depriving elements. It has changed, but in many respects, kept its own character. I know you must have sensed this too when you went back to visit your family. I heard that your father had received many offers for his land from the government before Bahlia went under. Your mother, according to my intelligence reports, still thinks him a fool for not having taken them up on this, but I assure you he is wise. He’s kept the invading elements at bay actually and, in doing so, preserved the integrity of the area. Even as a lapsed liberationist, I admire this gesture.
At this very moment, there are still some special interests who have their eyes on the area. You must have heard that Senator Junichi-5 Chowderpop-Barnacles of Kaiiba has been trying to pay back some favors he owes to a few of the real estate developers who backed him in the past few elections. One might assume that interest in the land would have diminished when Bahlia went underwater, but it seems that the reverse trend has occurred. Since Bahlia is our first underwater city, we have all kinds of interests looking to repurpose the whole town as an underwater resort for wealthy landrats suffering from acute desensitization. Your father would surely make a bundle in the deal and your family would never want for money again. But still, perhaps there would be that indefinable sense of loss of which I spoke. Your mother may protest, but your father, surely, is a steady hand when it comes to such things. And I’m sure your Uncle Rakesh is happy not to have to leave that attic anytime soon. I’m told his gills just grew in, actually. Congratulations! Perhaps, that will help allay his symptoms. I know you haven’t seen him in quite a long time and that you are in a hurry to find Bunnu so that they might see one another. I can assure you that I have received numerous reliable reports on your uncle’s condition and they all agree that he is as strong as a Mantelope. He has dissociative spells, it seems, and he often gets lost in his own stories. For some time, he has been in what the doctors call a Discursive Coma, which, I am told, is a fit of endless storytelling that grows so intricate and insular that the external world, beyond the narrative, eventually fades from all perception. He speaks endlessly in a free-flowing verse, moving sporadically between time periods—from present to future and swinging back to prehistory—but, through it all, steadfast in his role as a narrator, manipulating the shapes and pieces of a vast time puzzle. Some of the nurses have even joked that he has invented a new genre of literature called Digressive Transcendentalism, but others among them found this label profane and even somewhat pretentious. 
To each her own, I suppose. 
At any rate, I was telling you about my retreat in the hills with the monks before I succumbed to my own fit of digression. So, I lived amongst the members of this reclusive brotherhood for a few years before the news reached me that all but a small group of my core associates had abandoned the KLF. This did not trouble me in the least. There was a serenity to this place that enveloped me and filled me with a sense of solace. Now and again it occurred to me that maybe I was hiding out from the world to which I belonged. This was not my permanent place: I knew this much, but still it felt right to be there. However, the peace and calm occasionally grew somewhat oppressive for me. There was a certain degree of tiptoeing one had to do about the monastery and around uncomfortable topics of conversation. The monks understood nothing of worldly matters, and so it was impossible to broach a topic of any political, financial or social consequence without evoking a certain dismissive silence as though one were a child who had spoken out of turn and only of frivolous matters. Still, they themselves were childlike and laughed at the sort of things that would otherwise strike a young child as funny—not in a juvenile sense, mind you, but in a way that might cause one to consider the degree to which we, in modern society, are akin to dismiss simple delights as banal. I appreciated this, but, at the same time, grew tired of being surrounded by it constantly. They treated me well, but at the same time, I felt that my education and life experience had imbued me with a vain sophistication that, in their company, seemed lavish and mostly ornamental. In the sphere of ascetic spirituality, knowledge and sophistication is as a chandelier hanging from the lowest branch in a lush and abundant forest. 
I felt out of place, but perhaps it was also healthy for me to feel this way. It was reasonable to question my values and my notions of virtue. In that sense, the discomfort of that pervading silence provided me an opportunity to adopt a more expansive view of my own existence in this form and framework of reality, and to contemplate in what ways I was akin to embracing logical fallacies with respect to my instruments of perception and meaning making. These monks did not have the answers, but the silence of this monastery served to amplify the resonance of certain questions until their very vibrations came to shatter the foundations of what I thought I knew. My certainty crumbled and I was left with, what I would like to consider, a humbler curiosity. Still, I was an impatient entity. I grew tired of the tiptoeing around, of always being mindful about how quiet to be in this place—what if I wanted to fart loudly or sing a raucous song? What if I wished to imbibe alcohol and dance a jig whilst howling from their bell tower at the accursed moon (the first, not the second)? In spite of my impatience, this was the most honest with myself that I had ever felt in my life. And over time, my ruminations fell less upon the outside world and more upon my daily existence in the monastery. My routines soon aligned with theirs and I, too, began to observe certain rituals of the everyday. 
One day, however, my peace was interrupted when I was told that I had some visitors waiting for me outside the main gates of the monastery. It was a company of men in top hats and tuxedos. They all had long, white beards and wore round-rimmed spectacles; a few of them carried expensive canes. I was told by one of the novices that the men did not wish to disturb the peace of the monastery and had requested that I detach myself from its solace for a few moments to discuss a business proposition. I told the novice that I had no interest and asked that he instruct them to leave immediately. At the time, I was sitting on the straw mat floors of my quarters. It was quiet save for the ticking of a clock somewhere in another room. I sat up and began to do my breathing exercises and soon found myself in a deep meditation. When my eyes opened, I saw the novice kneeling before me with a group of monastic elders standing behind him. A frost of unfathomable distress wafted in my direction, draping over me like a gaseous halo. The chill was a bit much for me to bear, and so I asked the novice what this was all about; he looked unsure of how best to respond. He looked back over his shoulder at one of the elders—a stout old man with a wild, scraggly beard. The feral elder growled at the novice sternly, before his eyes fixed on me like a hostile boar ready to charge. That chill was displaced suddenly with an unbearable heat of rage. “But…what is this?” I thought to myself in the sear of that gaze. The boy looked again to me and then at his hands, which I now realized were cupped together and concealing something. He opened them slowly and I saw before me a small silver reflective ball. I am not going to lie—in spite of its small stature, it was a dead ringer for your brother, O. 
Needless to say, I was curious and so I went outside to meet the men. The wide wooden gates opened up before me and I saw them standing there, not the slightest hint of surprise, relief or impatience on their faces. No discomfort, even in spite of the gusting mountain wind, which swept their beards like wefts of a dangling tapestry, and yet, which, somehow, failed to knock those top hats off their heads! Their expressions were passive and business-like. It was almost as though they knew exactly what the steps of this process of meeting would be—had planned in advance that I would, at first, attempt to turn them away; they had even taken my sudden change of heart well into account, and, perhaps, had, moreover, accounted for the mountain wind by stapling their hats to their heads in preparation for their trek. Clever bunch! All their moves were timed and coordinated around the anticipation of this moment and of my behaviors in the midst of it. They figured rightly that I would not clothe myself sufficiently in warm robes before going out into the cold mountain air of eve—their presumed leader stood there holding out a coat and top hat for me as though this would undoubtedly be the first matter of business to which we’d have to attend. 
And so, clad in their garb and holding the top hat steady upon my own head, I finally spoke with them. It was not a long conversation and there is little I can remember about the nuances of the interaction, for their expressions remained blank and their voices flat. The meeting itself lasted only 5 minutes; it was short and business-like. The men merely told me that I had received funding for my ‘community’ from an unknown benefactor. There was no need to say ‘yes’ or ‘no’ as a blind trust had already been set up and my subordinates were already using some of its money to resume operations. Of course, I was still needed as the head of the organization, but whether or not I participated, I would, more or less, remain as its ‘spiritual figurehead.’ We would continue to be the KLF (although we were no longer a liberation force, social club or a mercenary squad). Our new mission—the one that my men seemed immediately to embrace—was to serve as a research collaborative with a variety of strategic priorities related to pure and applied research. We had already numerous teams of investigators—mostly they had been intelligence-gathering units, but now it seemed that they were to turn their intuition and deductive skills toward the pursuit of higher, more nuanced truths. 

N. Part Fourteen – The Cybernetic Divinities, Applied Poetries and other Burgeoning Fields of Research

This was no small undertaking, surely, and that is precisely why the bearded men wanted me to return. The KLF was being tasked with unraveling an unwieldy entity: objective reality. And, it seemed that there was no expectation on the part of the benefactor that we should succeed in doing so. 
Prior to that moment, the information our organization sought had always been guided by our interests and our subjective aspirations. What these beardies were tasking us with now was a pursuit of truth without aspiration. And there was no overarching protocol by which we could do this. We had only to define this for ourselves. Fortunately, I had already, many years prior, organized my intelligence gathering units along the lines of autonomy, self-guidance and unrestricted initiative: this, of course, is why I have maintained, over the years, an organization with a diversity of mindsets and worldviews. It was along these similar lines that these units would become their own research teams pursuing their own sets of research questions and coordinating with other teams whose areas of inquiry intersected with their own. Strange though it may seem, whether or not I provided any guidance or leadership in their activities, it seemed that my presence as figurehead was necessary to make this whole initiative work, to give it any cohesion, that is. I did not know what to make of all this. The benefactor had, more or less, changed the mission of my organization, once again, had deprived it of any self or social interest and expected me to continue as its spiritual head, albeit in the least spiritual way imaginable.
Without waiting for any response—in fact, I had said nothing at all—the bearded men turned around and made their way back down the mountain path. I stood there dumbfounded for a long time—it seemed that they had anticipated this, as well; else, the coat and the hat they’d brought me would have been quite unnecessary. The sun set over the horizon of the grassy valley before me and I decided that my time with the monks had now come to an abrupt end. I did not bother to return to my room: I just made my way down the mountain and back to civilization.  I think the monastic elders might have been glad about this, as they did not seem too keen on my receiving visitors (I’m sure a proper thrashing was meted out to the young novice who’d brought word of the bearded group’s arrival). Further, it was conceivable that the elders had grown quite tired of my intrusions, as I was certainly upsetting the flow of routines of this hermitage in ways that are still beyond my comprehension. So, they were probably happy to be rid of me. 
And in case you are wondering what might have become of that smaller doppelganger of your brother, O.: I have since learned that the little tyke is in the process of being indoctrinated as a special type of novice at the monastery. And, based on the very fact of this littleun’s arrival, I can only imagine what you must be thinking right now with regard to whom my benefactors could be. The evidence here would point to the RavanAlloy Mining Company or one of your brother’s other affiliated interests. All the same, this could also have been a blatant attempt to mislead, and so actually we know nothing at all about our benefactor. Therefore, I am unable to satisfy your curiosity, for you now know exactly as much as I do as to the source of this money. The rest is mere speculation.
In spite of how little I actually know about the source of our funding, I can tell you this much: there were no deliverables demanded of us, no reports expected. We were not even required to disseminate whatever it was we did uncover—although, we had the means, through our funding, to have our findings published in a variety of academic journals dedicated to the arts, the sciences, the humanities, the benign sophistries, the cybernetic divinities as well as a number of (but not all of) the applied poetries. We had the freedom to operate in secrecy if we so desired, but, at the same time, we thought that perhaps it was best for the integrity of our work for it to see the light of day. Otherwise, how does one know whether or not he has a blind spot? In light of this, mere publication seemed insufficient and shortsighted; we imagined we would be better served if we established our own public domain database of findings accessible to anyone the world over. Even still, this was not enough, for certainly there was something about the nature of this exciting initiative that filled us with a desire to share whatever we learned with all people, regardless of their educational and social background. And, therefore, to establish a comprehensive database of findings would still have been to think too small. 
What we required was some provocative medium by which our findings could be shared and presented to the public in easily digestible ways. It needed to be a form of entertainment, or perhaps even a source of community activity—“infotainment,” I suppose, would be the appropriate term for it (although, admittedly, I loathe that word). And so, that is precisely what we did. We planned and held televised and video-streamed events in stadiums with music, lectures, theatrical performances, contests and athletic competitions. We offered prizes to the winners of various games and infused all the content of our programming with whatever we had uncovered thus far in our research. No credit was ever given to those on our research teams who had stumbled upon any noteworthy findings, no research reports were generated that had names on them and the identities of our investigators remained concealed always behind the façade of program content. 
You might have even seen one of our programs on television or online, at some point, but would not have known that we were the organization delivering the content to you. Did you wonder at the source of the content? Hmm? Probably not, right? And it was for this precise reason that our anonymity was mostly an afterthought, as any credit of research involvement served a cause ancillary to that package of infotainment that we delivered to the general public. Certainly, the participants and performers in our programs became quite famous, but mostly these were actors and it was to their benefit to attain a celebrity status even if this came sometimes to overshadow the informational value of the content they presented. They helped the viewership of our programs and allowed for our findings to reach new and thitherto unrealized audiences. 

O. Part Fifteen – On Our Provocation of Bilious Humors throughout Academia

You are likely wondering what we hoped to achieve behind all of this. And you might find this hard to swallow, but we have examined our motives innumerable times, and we are yet unable to determine why exactly we have believed these big productions to be warranted. Of course, our initial hope was to inform the public, but we were also realistic about the fact that we were not effective in doing so. It was indeed no secret that even our most significant findings were going over the heads of our audience in favor of the tears, the laughter, the suspense and the incessant falling down of comedic talents. We understood that the content of our programming served more emotional needs than intellectual ones, and this was fine. Should entertainment not be so? 
So, why were we doing this?
Faced with this question, once again, I’m afraid that I must repeat that we are not truly sure why we went to all this trouble to share our findings in a way that was sure to obscure their significance to humankind. We could easily have done all this with a greater sense of gravity, dignity and solemnity, but instead we chose farce. I do not know why, but something about it felt right. There was something about not taking ourselves or our source material too seriously. Why make too much of it, when really it probably made no difference in the grand scheme or in the grander scheme of schemes? The spectacle of knowledge was best ensconced in the greater spectacle of diversion—for it was very much the latter which lent greater flavor to the glorious phenomenon of living. I am saying all this, but I am still speculating as to the reason for our decision to handle things in this way. Let it suffice to say that, even at the moment of a substantial breakthrough, we found ourselves uncertain as to whether we had learned anything at all worth knowing. Our broader suspicions have, thus far, indicated otherwise.
 I know that all this might sound like a dodge to you, but I assure you that this is truly what we feel. I think it is also worth mentioning that, for us, this whole process has not been about getting our work acknowledged or granted legitimacy. And certainly, we do not seek the approval or recognition of academics or any external review structures—although we still do send everything we compile to a variety of academic review boards to seek out our own blind spots and to get a sense of what critiques our findings are likely to surface in the process. Yet, we do not set out with the purpose of advocating for any one model over the others, for we see them all together as pieces of a larger and multidimensional something that we are trying to construct—a microscale facsimile of our multiverse of understanding. Again, there is no logical end to such an endeavor and perhaps we will only manage to devise laughable constructions.  And, of course, we have merely begun and most of our research projects at present are longitudinal, so it will be quite sometime before we have anything beyond the results of pilot studies for our review boards to look over. 
I think we can rightly say that—even in spite of our doubts and our farcical inclinations—this is all in the pursuit of something larger. So much so, that the humanists and scientific determinists of many an academic institution have started to cast a skeptical eye upon us. Some academicians have even stridently refused our requests for review. Conceivably, it is out of jealousy, but they find our activities and our methods abhorrent. They especially do not like, as they call it, the ‘tamped down’ and ‘diluted’ ways in which we present our findings to the general public. They see it all as cheap spectacle and a perversion of their otherwise rigid formulations of objective reality. The spectacle dilutes all experience of the physical and conceptual world into oblique tantalizations of stimulus-response mechanisms, and the public is, furthermore, not to be trusted to discriminate incomplete and watered-down theoretical notions from absolute truths. They find our folk songs about metallurgical electroplating facile and our puppet shows on bioelectric recognition assay techniques a tad reductive. And perhaps they are right in their accusations that our ‘educational programming’ is socially irresponsible and detrimental to the public good. But, more likely, I think we are in the midst of an ideological and caste-based struggle. 
Either that, or they are simply a bunch of uptight wankers.
Our investigators are not the well-heeled, highly educated types infused with those hoity-toity airs that the academics would hope for. All the same, we are willing to try anything and perhaps we are not using the correct logical frameworks or abiding by the common norms with respect to protocols, document citations or procedural ethics. Yes, we adhere to less grandiloquent conventions with respect to reporting findings and cast aside quantitative insight when, to our minds, the concept of measurement itself becomes a dimwitted children’s game in which numerical value is ascribed to silly and inane things. We have angered many, but I do not think it is for those reasons. I think it is, as I said, more of a class-based issue. They, the well established and the well educated, do not like us fly-by-night types; they dislike who we are and are loath to be in association with newbies with questionable values and sources of funding. We do not speak or write like they do 
(Well…I mean I speak and write like they would—certainly—but the rest of my men do not. Yes, my men have not been as fortunate as I have. This may be true. But when I speak of them, I speak for myself as well—perhaps you’ll find that contradictory and puzzling). 
At any rate, these academics do not like us parading our lack of self-interest around in so cavalier a fashion because they do not trust it. 
They know that we do not seek academic recognition and that we never take public credit for our programming. They question our inclination toward anonymity; conceivably, it strikes them as insincere, and, of course, this further calls into question our research credentials. Our anonymity and lack of public credentials puts us, to them, in a position of utter fallibility, and thus, it has become somewhat fashionable for them to take turns discrediting our work and lambasting us for our lack of accountability in reporting.
They make a sport out of taking potshots, actually. And the fact that we brook this criticism in quietude only signals to them that we deny nothing and are simply too lowbrow not to be a band of charlatans. And if we aren’t simple charlatans, then we are all the more suspect. Why? Because all of those academics—all of them!—are out to make names for themselves, but why not us? Why not make a career out of it to earn the esteem of colleagues? Something doesn’t sit right with them about the desires among our member to relinquish all intellectual property rights. No one pursues knowledge simply for the thrill of the pursuit itself—at least, no one who reaches those echelons of expertise! It is done to carve out a name and to craft a legacy. 
Yet, with my men, it seems to the academics as though they are reacting to some other unknown incentive. Really, I think it’s just a function of the social group for some and a source of financial livelihood for others. I do not know if there is any prostration before the larger Truth or anything of the like, but it appears that the academics think so and it has them spooked. Maybe even a little intimidated. They see it conceivably as an indirect form of academic bashing. I’ve even heard whispers that our behavior is often deemed “Malicious Tonian,” but I’m not quite sure in what respect it is believed to be so. We bear the learned no antipathy, even if they ridicule us openly. We do not blame them for viewing our work with the scrutiny that they do. In fact, we benefit from it.
And possibly this is what one might find most peculiar about the way that we, as an organization, view our own work: how does one even categorize such a venture as ours without it sounding theological in its parameters? And ludicrously so! This was an initiative launched not out of the desire to compete with existing paradigms and ideologies. It was an undertaking unto itself to unlock the structure of the physical realities and of all the non-physical entities intersecting and overlapping therein (or otherwise residing Elsewhere—even when ‘Elsewhere’ was not strictly a place). There was no interest, no ambition behind it. No desire to prove or disprove what was already conceptualized. It is not fashioned out of goodwill of compassion or generosity either. It is purely a disinterested venture, which renders it all the more difficult to conceive of in mind. 
It must remain necessarily so if we are to make any headway in our projects. 

P. Part Sixteen – Our Work on ‘Mirror Experiences’ and Beyond

For the past few years, many of our teams have been investigating the phenomenon of “mirror experiences.” Maybe you have never heard of these. Are you familiar with mirror neurons, then? 
Mirror neurons are what allow for new skill-based traits to be passed from one organism to another without any need for genetic mutation or heritability. In the history of the world, innumerable species, over the course of generations, have acquired new traits that have given them distinctive advantages over competitors within their habitats. It is a rare phenomenon that generally occurs randomly over decades and centuries and through a probabilistic mechanism of mutation and subsequent transmission of genetic traits to one’s offspring. As you are no doubt aware, genes that encode stronger capability within a given habitat allow for a greater probability of survival and reproductive success and, therefore, a greater likelihood of transmission of traits to future progeny over time (thereby increasing the population of specimens in successive generations sharing these favorable traits). However, the transmission of advantageous skills need not be a matter purely linked to genetics. Due to the reflective capacity of mirror neurons, the process of skill acquisition and transmission can take place much more rapidly than through the natural process of heredity. The mirroring of neural activity allows for the speedier transmission of these skills to others within one’s clan, as well as to one’s progeny.
This should not sound counterintuitive, for it is the very same process by which one learns how to hammer a nail: the best way to learn is simply by watching someone else do it (rather than wait to acquire the genetic predisposition to do so). Nevertheless, what is most compelling about this experience is that the neural activity of the observer mirrors that of the actor. And so, by this system, mirror neurons allow for learning through the process of empathizing with the experience of another without the necessity of participating firsthand. The learned trait can, then, be passed laterally like information throughout the species and vertically through the successive generations of progeny at a much more rapid pace than would otherwise have occurred through the natural process of random mutation. We have also seen empathetic skill acquisition give way to epigenetic adaptation—that is, we have seen swift changes in secondary gene expression in response to the uptake of primary traits within a given habitat. 
I think it is, therefore, reasonable to say that watching others perform a new action or task allows for the simulation of an experience in one’s mind—and it is precisely the mirror neuron that is responsible for this learning through empathy. Mirror neurons create a phenomenological pathway whereby the empathy of the experience becomes the equivalence of doing. 
But then, how do we know that it is someone else who is performing the action and not us? For example, if we watch someone riding a unicycle, we might take note of the technique, but we do not feel the seat pushing up against our posterior, do not feel the inner ear calibrations required to maintain balance. If he or she falls, we might experience with them, out of sympathy, that pain of hitting the ground. Our brain scans through comparable experiences and there’s a fleeting moment of surprise, as though we, too, expect to feel the impact of the fall, our neurons fire out of expectation (they are momentarily fooled and send pain signals to alert us of the impending damage). But we do not, in fact, feel this pain or any other sensation for any prolonged period of time (the neurons are, in that sense, adaptive and the pain signals cease). And it is only through the further restrictive signals sent to our brains by receptors in our skin and muscles that we fully recognize, physically and mentally, that someone else’s “doing” remains separate from our own. Nevertheless, by watching their technique, we can assimilate it and possibly replicate it—not well at first, but we hold a more advanced capacity by having this demonstrated for us, and so we retain a tracing of what the experience should look like, even if we’re a little off in this approximation. Therefore, we have a mirrored experience, a simulated one, in fact. But, of course, this begs the question: how simulated is it? 
Perhaps the mirroring of experience is equivalent to actual experience. It could very well be that the restrictive signals that prevent us from feeling pain are being sent out due to an embedded instinct within us to preserve the distinction of the tangible body from that riffling soup of particles constituting the whole of the physical universe—but how can we ignore our relation to the whole (and why do we not extend our physical relation to include other distinct bodies)? There is, presumably, in mind, no separation between the self and the other, and my replication of another’s experiences, thusly, becomes inevitably my own as well. Is this an illusion? Do the restrictive signals protect me from the illusion of ‘shared doing?’ Or are they, in fact, shielding me from the larger truth and from a greater interconnectedness? My particles are connected to the unicyclist’s particles by sloshing waves of interstitial molecules, and so it would only seem reasonable that we share this experience albeit in different localities of the experience in question. Nevertheless, through empathy, we should presumably be as one, understanding and partaking equally in the event, our consciousness diffusing throughout the whole. The mirroring of experience, then, is merely a process of permeation through a soup of gaseous, liquid and solid particles. This all sounds very well, but as you know, we are separated by skin and by the electrical impulses governing our concept of ‘mind.’ These keep us each individual from the other (at least in this dimension and this reality). And thus, we are back to the drawing board and looking only at the things we can know of within the mechanics of interaction: looking at these mirror neurons.
As I noted earlier, by enabling the power to learn from the experience of others, mirror neurons have allowed for the quicker spread of acquired traits throughout clans. Skills become platforms to be built upon, thereby accelerating the assimilation of new capabilities at rates well beyond the natural timelines associated with random gene mutation and expression. And so, we have recently become inclined to wonder if this has been, in some way, linked to epigenetic changes in other species as well. 
More pressingly, through the splintering of realities, has the experience of mirroring within bubbles of epistemological paradigm further specialized our physical and metaphysical modalities? Has it, furthermore, fragmented the collective consciousness into separate domains shaped out of these paradigms? Conceivably, we are only equipped to empathize, engage and share experiences with those enclosed within the same bubble. Remember, as I noted earlier, that our inclinations toward adopting a shared narrative come down to a subjective choice—which is to say that there is no such thing as a commonality of perception, but only the illusion thereof which arises out of an aspirational decision (for further notes on this, please review “Part D: On Epistemological Preference”). Therefore, in our adoption of ideologies and our assimilation of shared narratives, we invariably confine the mirroring of experience exclusively to our self-selected bubbles of paradigm. This process initiates a slow progression toward a customization of physiological traits as well as a reformulated conception of ‘being,’ unique only to the individuals of this specific bubble. 
And so, we must ask ourselves if we have forged new microrealities, new forms and templates, through this process of customization and splintering. Moreover, we are led to speculate whether this has had a pronounced effect upon the nature of being and our experience of consciousness relative to others outside of our bubbles. As you can see, there are a lot of hanging questions with respect to this area of inquiry—and this is to say nothing of the doubt that persists with respect to the primacy of ‘our human existence’ over all other states and permutations of ‘being,’ for it remains conceivable that the accumulated and collective experience of humanity has been a momentary blip, an unintended belch amidst the metabolic gurglings of unitary consciousness. That is to say that our experience of existing in this form and this universe could be the equivalent of wearing an ill-fitting suit. There may be some permutation of ‘being’ more fitting to our essential dimensions, but we are, as always, subject only to the threads and fabrics at our immediate grasp. And so, we can only be as committed to this existence as our strongest affinity for the moment and place, our perceptions only as reliable as our freshest conception of the here and now.
Unfortunately, for this and many other reasons, we have not yet come away with very much in the way of findings. Only more questions as we find that the terms with which we have to work keep changing over time. 

Q. Part Seventeen – Your Former Acquaintance
 
Our funding stream, it seems, has increased in recent months and we have been asked to partner with Anup—I believe you are already well acquainted with him. Well, in spite of what you may think of him, he’s a firm believer in this “second moon” theory, though he has not had an opportunity to witness this heavenly body with his own eyes.
I communicated with him recently and he was deeply fascinated to hear of my affiliation with you. He even told me a grand ol’ tale of a debt that was never quite settled, but for which you no longer need claim responsibility. He is, in fact, quite enthusiastic to rekindle his acquaintanceship with you and hopes that there are no hard feelings about before. He insists that he was a different person back when he knew you. I mean, oh, the stories he tells! He admits to having been something of an ogre. It certainly is hard for me to imagine this industrious and enterprising business leader as a one-time criminal overlord. I suppose we all have our own arcs and our own paths for redemption (if your ‘ethics’ compel you to believe in that sort of thing). As for Anup, he seems to be a rather strong advocate of this notion that all prevailing memory and all records of human history have been manufactured and that we have only recently experienced, as a collective, our initial moments of sentience.
So, we can conclude one of two things regarding his past as a criminal: either (1) his checkered past is all a matter of illusion or (2) it is all indeed quite true and he has since reformed himself, possibly even experiencing, in the process, something equivalent to a rebirth! Of course, the first possibility is compelling to him for it is far easier to assume that one has willfully done nothing at all wrong. In this case, the checkered history would have been an etching of past rendered in absentia, almost like a prefabricated fixture to his form: something like the lines on his hands.
Whatever the case, his stories, as I mentioned, are often rather amusing. Much of the amusement lies in the way these stories are told, for one cannot help but sense the universal in the particular. For instance, he was telling me about this old decaying wooden platform that used to be in the town square of Historic Vasalla. He mentioned that you would surely know of what platform he was speaking. Since this square was once the hub of activity in the old city, you might remember that this platform used to serve as the main stage for speeches, festivals and other outdoor events. Over time, I’m sure you know, it fell into disuse as the city grew and the other neighborhoods drew activity away from the original epicenter. The cobble streets remained, of course, and so did the traditional architecture: it became an off-the-beaten path stop for tourists and history buffs. The growing middle class, through their migration to newer developments and residential areas, started referring to this old quarter as ‘downtown.’
The wooden platform stayed in place throughout this transition, but soon no one made much use of it save for the homeless and the street children who slept under the platform and between beams. The stage itself was a large square-shaped structure in the center of a circular common area formed out of cobblestone; it stood about 1.5 meters off of the ground and there were stairs leading to the platform on top. At night, there was room enough for a family of eight to lay underneath in tarps and old sheets. During the day, the stage served merely as a surface that tourists, residents and children alike sat upon as they watched the people crisscrossing back and forth over the cobblestones. Eventually, it was claimed as territory by a group of Nectar-13 crazed addicts—you remember the designer substance boom, do you not? The 13ers were a fierce and erratic bunch as I’m sure you remember. Stealing Geodesic Abacuses as they mumbled in Base-2. 
The stage area came to be abandoned, once again, when these non-working layabouts, negligent in their obligations of caste, were rounded up by city authorities and shuttled out to the bone mining provinces. Unfortunately, this did not happen in time to prevent a few among them from devolving into slugs—although ‘devolve’ is a somewhat misleading descriptor for this phenomenon. Surely, you have heard that ‘slug transmogrification’ is one of the more pronounced side effects of habitual Nectar-13 use (actually, my associates and I have come to suspect that these ‘symptoms’ have less to do with the substance itself, and more to do with the epigenetic activation of latent alleles in response to the mirror experiences of their fellow participants in the Nectar-13 drug culture—but this would only presuppose that there had once been a human-turned-slug who was Patient Zero: some unlikely prototype of the hominian gastropod, whose behaviors and communicable physiognomic traits became the source of all mirroring and subsequent transmogrification). 
In any case, these binary muckity mucks thereupon succumbed to a peculiar mold-based infection: the sort that spreads quickly from rodent to slug, and then, from slug to wooden rafter. And soon, a pink frothing fungus started forming at the corners of the platform, where wooden beams met, and also at the interior of knots. This was followed by the abrupt sound of deep fissures forming through wood: a terrifying tear that resonates through alleyways, bounces across vacant boulevards, rolls along the rounded edges of fountains, dribbles through factory effluent, trickles through drains and clanks shrilly along sewer pipes, before bubbling upwards again and secreting from the pores of the Vasallan streets with such rhythmic ferocity as to induce significant distress to the residents of distant neighborhoods, who, awakened from their slumbers and pulling nightcaps back to scratch with weary agitation at their neocortical crania, mutter across adjacent windows to one another in impassioned whispers about their pet theories (whose only veins of discourse form disjointedly amidst the phantasmic precipices of night) for the cause of these ground tremors, the most compelling of which being the sudden and curious crystallization of the molten nickel that flows in rivers under the city (a unique feature of this locale, you must surely be aware). City inspectors soon traced the source of the town’s insomnia back to the wooden platform, only to find that the wood grains adjacent to the pink froth were starting to flip to a position perpendicular from their planar habitat, much like compass needles bending upwards through glass (this sort of thing has been known to happen with sudden changes in gravitational, electromagnetic or nuclear force). In this case, too, there was a force of repulsion, it seemed, to this froth, and it was causing the longitudinal grains to bend sideways, presumably in response to some obscure pulse transgressing the jerks and jostles of gluons, mesons, gravitons and the like. 
Reinforcing posts below the platform started to break in half, leaving some rafter ends suspended and others lying like the tips of cheese wedges in the gaps between cobblestones. The pink froth spread over the damaged beams, creeping down lengthwise before dripping to an ever-expanding puddle upon the forgotten stones below. The platform was soon cordoned off by the public safety department and remained that way for a long time while the face of the city around it changed: monuments and shrines were supplanted by banks and office buildings. Rustic temples of self-renovating faiths were demolished and replaced with more opulent structures. As the neighborhood started to change and the centers of commerce diffused outward again to other districts much further from this one, new installations fell into disrepair and became the targets of vandalism by roving hordes who didn’t even know what these structures represented or what previous landmarks they’d superseded. Open spaces were usurped by the sustained slither of parking lots. Streets were pried open and paved over in asymmetric chunks of anorthite, whilst the packed theaters of years forgotten became rundown and vanished steadily in favor of legume expositions and goat massage spectacles. Man-telope and Black Mumta meat franchises dotted the boulevards leading to the main square, and abandoned office parks fell victim to jellied shard infestations. There were some talks about residential development projects in the hope of inoculating the neighborhood against further spoliation, but these were soon put indefinitely on hold because city planners found it already too difficult to shoo away the existing squatters. This square had now come to be the sidewalk home of feldspar children and marble coyotes. They wandered and scavenged and competed with one another for resources: these children, birthed of anorthite streets and deprived of that luxury of childhood innocence, of nurturing protectors, had developed a firm instinct for survivalism,. The coyotes were no less ruthless. The platform, however, through it all, remained abandoned as though the cordon meant something to the lawless. It was abandoned, but not forgotten. The children, it is said, passed about them some tale about the apparitions of eolith foxes who unleashed kitsunebi-tama: that atmospheric blue flame ignited by their tails like flint upon the nearest surface. Many claimed to have seen it, but the stories remained unconfirmed (and, perhaps, to the feldspar kids this did not matter at all). 
Talk amongst the children about the platform took dizzying proportions. There were whispers of the platform having no builder—in fact, it just manifested itself overnight. Other accounts talked about the pink ooze as being the progenitor of this platform, of it, in fact, being the creator of all surrounding it. The ooze took on a kind of mystical significance for it was the origin from which all creation spread outward. It grew to be a common notion among them—some even purported it to be a well-documented fact. 
Occasionally, a passing adult (a demolition lady or a rubble polisher) would tousle at the lichenous strands projecting from these youngsters’ heads and cast some healthy skepticism in the direction of their silly—albeit imaginative—theories, but the feldspar kids met these backhanded compliments with fierce rebuke. They knew only too well about the deceptions of adults—though deprived, these children were street smart. The many manipulations of adults were apparent to them in ways that the more privileged children (those with homes and nursemaids and stagecoach drivers) could never conceive. In that way, these street kids had sharper tools of dissection. They had the foresight to doubt whatever an adult was about to say the moment a word was spoken. They understood that there were ways to distract them from the common logic through appeals and dismissiveness, but they also recognized what they had seen and what their community had converged together upon as their nodes of truth. This did not mean that they were not skeptical of their own constructions. All the same, they understood the value and convenience of a common front in the face of their collectively constructed manifestation. 
The pink ooze did not crave their homage or their awe: it simply excreted its surrounding bubble of reality. And, for that reason, it bore no great consequence upon their lives except in its ability to fuel further speculation. There was one young boy who could write and draw exceptionally well and so the other children delivered him writing utensils and scraps of paper daily so that he could document the origins of this ooze. The platform became a kind of dwelling, for certainly it remained closest to the ooze’s secretions, but how could this be so if the secretions spread outward into the surrounding reality. There was a theory that a new platform identical to the old was being created every millisecond, replacing the one that had just been vanquished. This was not just so for the platform: the children theorized that the sidewalks, the coyotes and even they themselves were being dissolved and regenerated constantly with each wave of concentric creation. The ooze was gifting them with momentary life and then robbing it from them and then regifting it to them moments later, imbuing them, in the process, with slices of new memory. It was like the core of the apple building layers of succulence around it: being eaten away and then regenerating anew from the inside outward. Every experience these children understood was a subset of these built-upon and rebuilt layers. 
The children grew to adults—well, some of them did—and they forgot that lore that they had built around the pink ooze. They grew busy with their labors and seeing to their own sustenance and the practical necessities of the everyday made the platform and the ooze seem in ‘retrospect’ (if such a word means anything at all) like a silly child’s game. Yet, the game persisted through the play and storytelling of successive generations of younger children. It was passed down and forgotten by the elders. The mysticism around the platform was, thusly, carried on, and the first scribblings of the literate child were even added to by throngs of others who had been the beneficiaries of Vasalla’s youth literacy programs—children whose group storytelling and competing narratives brought about new dimensions to the mysticism around the ooze. Side stories were written along with legends of the ooze’s many alternate incarnations. They wove in what little history they had pieced together from their surroundings and soon, in their legends, the ooze took on the living manifestation of a feral jester in the court of King Bunnu-5; it became the substance of Charismatic K’s Desensitization Apparatus (not sure if you know what I mean by this: my father had one as well); it even had a brief—but bittersweet—affair with the Ethereal Scapegoat. All told, the legend spanned tens of thousands of pages. It had many writers and the pages were strewn all over the neighborhood. Eventually, some charity organization gave the kids access to computer equipment inside of a booth. They managed to scan in their written pages and upload the document to a public forum. The document gained a mass audience—in fact, it became rather popular—but no one knew how to contact its authors. Scholars theorized about the wooden platform. In spite of the articulate detail of the many stories, there was no mention of Vasalla in the whole document, so these scholars had no idea where this object was located. They had their theories and they argued over details that gave them hints as to where the document originated. The document source was traced electronically to the booth in Vasalla, but there was no dearth of argument over whether or not this was just an attempt at misdirection. Nevertheless, throngs of visitors eventually descended on Vasalla to see the mystical platform. The cordons remained in place, but people did not need it to keep their distance. It was the sight of the pink frothing fungus that held their gazes. Could this have been the place? The children—the new generation—grew quickly antagonistic toward these gawking tourists. They would not have their platform cheapened. Word reached Anup of this developing situation. He did not like this intrusion by petty curiosity-seekers either, and though he cared little for the children’s legends, he sent his men to their quarter with an elegant solution. Soon the platform was incinerated and the ooze hosed away (some say that the dispersal of the ooze was merely an optical illusion). As the ashes scattered, so did the curiosity-seekers, and lastly the children. The document remains a topic of debate, but now, throngs of amateur enthusiasts have interrupted the scholars with louder and more fervent tones. Whole forums and networks are dedicated to debating the validity of the legends now. There is a new ecosystem of experts, cynics and contrarians posting pictures, videos and other artifacts to add to, detract from or obfuscate completely the lore of children. There is no more platform, no more (visible) ooze, but the communities swirl around the now intangible constructions and, all the while, a vast pendulum swings between its basis in unvarnished truth and its utter conjuration in the desires and whims of bored ideologues. 
There are some sects that believe all this talk of the platform to be the work of Molting Roy and his disciples. You might remember my mentioning Molting Roy in a previous letter. To be honest, I cannot be sure if he is still alive, and maybe it doesn’t matter, for either way a shadow of his presence persists. He still rails—as he had before—against the crust of reality, if not in form, then, at the very least, in spirit through his disciples and successors. That is to say that there are some accounts existing of the ooze that are meant to serve incendiary ends, some that seek to unravel and set ablaze the fabric of reality. There is no centralized will to power, but rather a redistribution of that will—a decentralization, that is—amongst particles so that each remains in competition with the other and none has a discernible advantage over its rivals. It is a kind of particle egalitarianism through dissolution of established structures. These sects see the ooze as a creative force inasmuch as it serves as a force of destruction—the case could be made that the rotting of wooden beams that I mentioned earlier would be emblematic of said destruction. And so it should be, if all came to fruition and this dissolution carried on unfettered, that there would exist no more macromolecules, but barren ions insulated from potential partners, enduring solitary existences irresolute and with no hope for complicity in the formation of vaster structures and institutions. They would vibrate in perpetual want and with a state of irresolution that one might even deem to be pure. All elements would be so—separated to their purest state and segregated from one another and from neighboring families. Monsieur H+ ion might vaguely remember, for example, that he has a twin brother out there with the same name and with whom he had once been conjoined; however, he also sort of remembers that they have grown estranged and lost contact with one another. He understands logically that this should be a sad state of affairs, for their family and friends, had only known them previously as the conjoined pair H2. They even had a roommate named O.—not yours but another. And the three of them were known to traipse merrily across the universe when mornings and evenings were similarly conjoined (they often embarked on these joyful excursions with tour groups consisting mostly of clones). It was a grand old time, but now, with each ion segregated from the other, there exists a nostalgia for union, but also a perverse sense of individual purpose that was so beyond their previous bounds of conceptualization that to call it ‘selfish’ would have been insufficient. The H+ proton blazed with ambition for the universe was his—he did not understand truly in what way he had been isolated from others, but it did not matter, for they had each been confined to separate universes distinct from the one over which he now ruled. If he had been of more complex construction—for example, if he had been of that race of beings that carried neutrons, protons and electrons—certainly he would have been very much at conflict with himself, for surely a civil war was bound to ensue with no sides prevailing: indeed a stalemate was the only lasting egalitarianism in intransigent particle conflict. Naturally, you find me again on a course of speculation that has not yet been realized, but one certainly that Molting Roy’s factions seek to advance in order to carry forward their agenda and upend the order that we—as collections of particles ourselves—have known, perpetuated and reinforced since Time Immemorial.
Anup, you might know, does not condone the goals or tactics of Molting Roy and his cronies. In fact, Anup has endeavored to do quite the opposite. In his own way, he has maintained the order that Molting Roy and others have sought to destroy. His methods may not always be the most compassionate, but is Nature not, of itself, necessarily cruel in order to restore balance when some dynamic has thwarted the alignment of its critical processes? Again, I am compelled to say that Anup is happy to reestablish an acquaintanceship with you, for he proclaims he knows quite a bit about you. “You never truly get to know someone until you are engaged with them in a transaction of obligation,” he says from time to time. This, I believe, may be so. Friends and family members could know each other for lifetimes without knowing the exactitudes of what makes the other tick—not, of course, unless there is some unfulfilled obligation which requires satisfaction. It is only in such circumstances that true reflection on the character of the other becomes possible, for it is only then that any attributes of import seem to bubble to the surface. In spite of this, Anup fears that you may only know a part of him, but not the whole—for you never yourself satisfied the obligation, but rather relied on the support of family in order to do so (which, of course, is perfectly reasonable given your circumstances at that time).  
Do you remember what Anup looks like?
Possibly not—and, anyway, it does not matter for his appearance changes every time I see him. He has a unique condition which causes peculiar transformations from time to time. Last time I saw him, his epiglottis had swelled to an inconvenient size and flapped upward in worm-like elastic tendrils upward into his nasal cavity and forked out like little rubber tubes from the nostrils. The forked ends crept up his face and attached themselves to his tear ducts. Naturally, this was painful and traumatic, but his eyes were incapable of releasing tears due to the blockage. The ducts became infected, but he refused treatment. I don’t know his health history very well, but I am told that he had a physiological need to weep nightly. In fact, he religiously weeps by the bucketful before going to bed to release the adrenocorticotropic hormones that his body seems to produce in excess. So, when I saw him, not only did he have these odd elastic tendrils projecting from his nostrils to the tear ducts of his eyes, but he also had odd protusions all around the eyes. This was to say nothing of his mood—he looked fatigued and could only communicate in sighs and whimpers. One of his men had to interpret the patterns of whimpers and sighs for me so that we were able to conduct our business.
Our business: I just realized now that I have not explained fully the nature of the KLF’s partnership with Anup. This was unintentional, but perhaps it is for the best because there is no best order in which to relay these details for you. At any rate, you should remember that I mentioned that Anup is a proponent of this ‘second moon’ theory that we, too, are seeking to explore. Well, in expanding his enterprise, he has begun to branch out into the field of aviation. He’s, in fact, become a most capable engineer and pilot. The lion share of his projects are led by experts with greater knowledge than him—all the same, he provides no shortage of thought leadership in the process of developing, testing and tweaking prototypes. He even insists on being the test pilot on his own designs—he is that confident in the capabilities of his designers, engineers and mechanics in offering the necessary input in order to ensure that his testing out a new flight vessel does not prove to be an incautious undertaking. As you might imagine, his test flights are always at night so that he might have a chance of catching a glimpse of that second moon. Yet, in spite of many flights, he has still not had the opportunity to confirm its existence (there are numerous reasons for this: there was always an uncertain glow behind an inopportune cloud or mountain peak, or even some floating island, sometimes a faint gleam on the horizon that shimmered from endless flocks of migrating humpback-birds—huge, huge flock-pods of flapping and zigzagging megapterine birds: that was as close as he could manage to beholding the object itself). He could never be sure for he found himself always either at the wrong vantage point altogether, or at the right vantage point at the wrong time. Still, there was, in spite of his inability to catch sight of the heavenly body itself, a peculiar luster that he perceived from the hue of its gleaming halo. This moon, he felt, had a reflective surface.
Anup soon had a visit, quite similar to mine, from the men in top hats and tuxedos. They announced (again, without asking permission) that they were bestowing upon his project teams funding for research and development toward a civilian mission toward that second moon. They made arrangements for Anup’s project managers to meet and coordinate efforts with some of our teams that were studying this same phenomenon. Again, their motives were unclear and Anup was even ready to put a stop to their interposition. But then, he took silent note of the enthusiasm his men expressed toward this opportunity. Many of the project managers came to him to thank him personally and express their profound admiration for this visionary leadership. Anup, for all his brilliance, has always had, it seems, a weakness when it comes to how he is seen by others. Surely, you know firsthand the kind of reputation he maintained back when he was a criminal underlord. If you knew Anup like I do, you would know very well that this public persona was a carefully crafted image. Those close to him maintain that there is no difference between the public and private Anup. However, my intelligence reports indicate otherwise. Anup is not the kind of person to have an initiative forced upon him by outside parties, but these men in top hats and tuxedos exploited very well what seemed under the surface to be a pathological need on his part to be admired and loved by his own subordinates. It is the awe and admiration that he desires—even fear, he would take this as, I’m sure, he did when his ruthlessness was all that mattered. I hope that we can count on your discretion, for I’m sure that Anup would not be pleased to know that we have discussed his vanity in this way. He is a man so deeply concerned by appearances that he has even taken great pains to silence those who have made mention of his concern for appearances. And yet, I am told that he understands rationally how absurdly shortsighted it is to be consumed by such trivialities as reputation. He knows, as we do, that this could very well be as arbitrary and out of his control as that prefabricated fixture of past which we explored earlier. How does one reconcile oneself, after all, with embarrassments that never happened? With memories from childhood that threaten one’s reputation and the way one wishes to see himself, when, in fact, these, too, are just illusions? In a sense, even if we are subject to constant fallacy, there is as much virtue in caring about this as there is in any ambition to extend one’s reach to explore this second moon. Neither of these should matter if all were arbitrary.
And yet, they do matter. We both know this. And so does Anup.

R. Part Eighteen - At first flight

If we were to trace the arc of this resplendent moment to its uncertain trajectory, we might arrive at a time 10,000 years hence in which our story is likely to be told, albeit in the past tense, with the requisite degree of speculation and inconsistency and according to the values, perceptions and prevailing paradigms swirling about its storyteller—who, most certainly, would be just as alien and unseemly to us as we, in our primitive ways, would seem to him, her or it (as the case may be). Of course, we can suppose there to be some level of idealization in the storytelling—even if he (let us call him ‘he’ for the sake of reinforcing my masculinity) were to examine fastidiously all records of our associations, contracts, interactions, transactions and endeavors, he would still come away with his own set of presumptions, in a manner, no different than the sort to be drawn away through the course of taking epistemological preference. Certain facts, agreements and events will unduly be assigned a preponderance of emphasis whilst others, though critical in their own time and to its chief actors, will be glossed over for their lack of sexiness to the keen observer of historical fact. Certain moments will be lost and others manufactured in their place, and these conscripted fabrications will define future idealizations of this moment of time—this, as you are sure to find, deeply critical moment in the history of our species. 
You might be akin to wonder, as I am, what will be lost and what will be preserved. Anup has already taken this into account, and perhaps this is, again, why we must deem him a visionary. There will undoubtedly be contradictory accounts of his exploits as a petty thug, loan shark, smuggler, gambler, murderer, kingpin, angel investor, social entrepreneur, humanitarian, engineer, scientist, inventor and aviator. There is no doubt in my mind that this is precisely as he would have it.
The rest of us may not have been so careful in the crafting of our legacy and of the legends that should one day bear our names. For me, there will be critical moments indeed that will be lost—even if they are arbitrary, a subset of my imagined memories perhaps. Nevertheless, they are sacred to me. 
I have had a fear of flying for many years. Of course, this is not unusual for our generation of Kaiibans, for the idea of moving through the sky in some contraption feels very much like a new idea (not so much so for those even 20 or 30 years younger than us, or those who grew up in more advanced civilizations whose passing aircraft we mistook for megapterine birds—loud ones!!!) At any rate, I’d managed to stay away from aircraft for most of my life. Trains and carriages always suited me better, but I don’t mind the occasional excursion by automobile. Ships suit me just fine as well, but, of course, now we live in an age in which our time is limited and one cannot expect to realistically engage in intercontinental travel by sea. We must speak with a person through a device by morning and board a plane to fly over oceans so that we may dine with them in the evening. One can only hold out from such conveniences for so long, of course. And now, with this project of determining the truth behind this ‘second moon,’ I am no longer in the position to be a stubborn holdout. So, a few months ago, one of Anup’s men took me up for a test ride in one of his newest experimental aircraft. 
I do not have the words to explain the totality of this experience, for it still stays with me in splotches of impression and in overlapping spindles of clustered perception—yet there is still something that stretches beyond these stimuli and juxtaposition of light, sound, force and texture that is evocative, but does not betray precisely what it evokes. I shall endeavor to describe this in words even if there is no justice to be found in them. I was filled, upon our ascent, with memories of that sky I had always known from below. And the surface below upon which I had walked: upon grass, upon gravel, upon sand, upon riverbeds, upon concrete. I remembered the mountains I had spied from afar, rivers I sat along as I watched the shimmering current and contemplated the depth masked by the tandem couplings of light and dark, the many soils of the many lands I had visited (rocky or wet or loose or stony—in some cases fertile with stalks and weeds and flowering blossoms growing from it). In that craft, we moved upward and sideways and upside down. And there was a moment when the sun fell behind a fog until all one could see was a band of enveloping white above which the blue skies projected and hid the face of space. We flew over sea and the calm seas reflected the clouds and white gleam and the blue beyond it, matching perfectly that hue until I became unsure if I was right side up or upside down: the horizon of sea met with the horizon of sky and merged from bands of blue to white, merged in illicit conspiracy until it was difficult to know which way was 'up' and which 'down' (of course, this was, in fact, a moot point because truly they were both equally and neither individually—where they met, the sky drifted through sea and the sea drifted into sky). 
There was all that happened in that immaculate moment, and all that has happened since. And, even in my attempts to describe it, I feel as though I am cementing over the integrity of the moment with some putrid facade. I go about each moment, very far away from whom I was and whom I knew myself to be in that moment of absolute connection to the totality—I smile uneasily and engage in pleasantries and attempt, where I can, to be polite and not to offend. I hold back my true impressions, hold my breath and bite my tongue when I ought to show frustration, clench my groin muscles when I am filled with the urge to spew fecal matter on all that is an affront to that enveloping wholeness. To say the least, I have not been the same man since.
I say, as I said before, that this shared conception of sky may well be a subset of our projections and of our narratives of self overwhelmed by that deluge of larger wholeness. Nevertheless, there is within me—in my cemented-over heart, in my repressed passions, as I watch myself pretend and engage in expedient small talk, shake hands and smile at babies whose presence I resent, in actuality—a nagging suspicion that this person is not, in fact, me (I also recognize the inherent privilege that has granted me the economic and emotional wherewithal to develop within myself a construct of ‘individual self’ not hemmed in by the utilitarian dynamics of collectivist necessity). Regardless, I am confined to this ‘self’ that is null self, shaped by the moment and enslaved by that expectation of whatever persona is shaped by the collective external estimations of that character, that chap ‘Motiwala,’ and I know that even this ludicrous name does not suit me, for I am constituted by far more than the simple name given to a clump of flesh. And so are we all, but we will continue to endure this humiliating ruse until we release ourselves from this bondage of subjective experience, of epistemological preference, of shifting presentiments of waterfalls and oranges of evanescent specters of ‘self’ and the ‘moment at hand.’ I felt within me, then, and feel within me quite strikingly now, as I recount this to you (albeit still not as freshly and purely as it was in the immaculate ‘then’) that there is the vaster tapestry of objective reality of which we have only, in our limited capacity of experience, engaged with in its most reduced and narrowed of filiform countenances. 

S. Part Nineteen - Your part in this

This, of course, is not to say that I expect that we should make any greater inroads toward this understanding by working with Anup, or indeed, by working in collaboration with you and your family. Nevertheless, there is a puzzle to be unlocked and we surmise that there is something to be gained by tracking down your brother—well both of them, actually (and I do not mean the two Bunnu’s, but rather the original Bunnu and your other brother O.)
I hope you have not found my explanations, thus far, excessive. I hoped to be comprehensive in what I explained to you of this matter and am concerned that, even still, I have failed to be comprehensive enough. I only hope that you’ll understand that my intentions are to reunite you and your family. You might be wondering what I gain from all of this. Unfortunately, I find myself unable to disclose this, as I am, myself, somewhat uncertain. Until we know what we are dealing with, it is difficult to make any promises with regard to intentions. In the absence of this, I suppose you would hope for some assurances of safety for you and your family. Yet, I ask to you this: who can possibly assure this if we do not even understand if we have existed before this moment, or if we should exist beyond it? What, then, could we even call ‘safety?’ Still, I reckon that you are a pragmatist and what I just wrote now might strike you as dismissive and unconvincing. My appeal, then, can only be one of equity for your time. Are you willing to accept the sunk costs of these years you and your husband have invested in pursuit of your brother only to come up short? I am sorry to say that, unless we work in collaboration, I am unable to promise that you will be permitted an opportunity to be reunited with your brothers. This is not a threat, but, again, an inability of my part to offer assurances.
I know my saying this has upset you. At the same time, you must be wondering what it means to collaborate exactly. What shape should this partnership take, what would constitute the next step for you? Also, how would you signal collaboration without letting my men in on the plan? 
The next step is quite simple actually. You must proceed to the airport immediately. Further instructions will await you there. It is up to you whether or not you allow the Untouchable in on the plan—as I said, I have taken great pains to ensure that this message remains private so that you might be allowed this choice. At the same time, I will leave it to your discretion whether you deem it prudent to involve him in this matter. On the other hand, if you should decide to part ways with him, this is also more than understandable.
I can only imagine just how dulled you feel by his continued presence...

T. Part Twenty - So…?

What will it be?
On the Way to the Airport

I. 

“Either I’m dancing or I’m dead,” the raggedy oarsman muttered, jangling the brittle bones of reptilian hands (apparently for effect and presumably for no other reason). In the soft corona of passing house lanterns, a layer of skindust spread upward into a cloud, which, then, slowly contracted, abiding in the order of (if not, otherwise, navigating the dynamics of) a newborn galaxy of scum.
The gondolier was an odd sort, but perhaps he hadn’t been expecting passengers at this hour of night, and this display of drollness was just a well nurtured eccentricity that, in most cases, went unnoticed by the drowsy patrons and lousy souses of the graveyard shift. He appeared very well accustomed to being alone and evidenced this with a tendency to mumble to himself and applaud unnecessarily as though his appendages were relishing in the aural broadcast of his most banal sentiments. He also interrupted his own words with pulses of static, which seemed, in fact, quite genuine rather than a self-styled put-on. It was difficult to know how it was he was producing these sounds, unless he was, in fact, receiving transmissions from Elsewhere, rather than generating these bursts individually. This separation between source and recipient would also serve to explain these seemingly organic gestures of applause, but truly there was just no way of knowing, and, even if this were not so, the matter was probably not worth pursuing any further.
With this particular comment about dancing and death, he could have been remarking in his own macabre way about the traffic on the canals at this hour at night. It was hard to say really, and it might have seemed untoward to make any effort to clarify. Not that it mattered what he thought, but to imply a certain curiosity was to convey an intentionality unbecoming to them (and possibly unfair to him). The most important factor affecting them in this moment was really the degree to which this congestion would delay their travel plans. 
They had come to a standstill three or four times now, and the gondolier was twirling the oar in his hands impatiently and mouthing to himself some insect arithmetic—from the sound of it, he had a firm grasp on some of the more prevailing models of situational dynamics (again, they could only remain quiet and postulate all this for fear of what showing any interest in him could portend). The gondolier himself was a tall, emaciated man who looked to be a wooden carving—a once stalwart idol to the Vasallan jungle tribes; now, amidst the deculturation and scattering of indigenous peoples, an oaken anthropomorph forced to eke out a different sort of living as a boatsman (again, this was mere speculation on their part). He hit himself now in the forehead and grumbled morosely: in previous calculations, it seemed that he hadn’t yet accounted for the streets. The streets: it would otherwise have been difficult to work out quite why they were jammed so late into the night. But it took a few banners and lively chants from wagons and convoys full of stripey leather-clad cretins to drive home to them all that a football game had just let out at the sports stadium. Increased traffic on the streets, thusly, caused more movement to spill outward to the canals and these same stripey cretins to spill, in turn, like filiform rows of long barnacles dangling from the sides of water taxis and gondolas. 
Still it remained quiet and dark, which lent to this night cruise an eerie feel. Ottoman silently peered at Didi, who looked preoccupied, her eyes fixed upon the fluorescent lights of the downtown skyscrapers and the crisscrossing spotlights and the flashing video displays whose brilliant commotion interrupted the stolid blackness somewhere at a distance. 
She looked perplexed and saddened as though somebody had deprived her of something precious. He wanted to say something to her, to ask her a question; yet, he, too, was at a loss. This was no time to consider the fact that she was withholding information from him. On another day, he might have felt betrayed and disappointed by her seeming unwillingness to take him into her confidence. All the same, he understood that there was something of us all which must remain private and untouched by others. There were aspects of him, as well, that he had never shown her, never shown anyone (save, perhaps, for the data miners who might have had a glimpse but never any insight into the totality). It was only fair that he respect her desire to keep her musings private. All he knew was that they were going to the airport, but he did not know what they were going to do (or, even if they were departing to some new place together—assuming they were not otherwise receiving someone who had just arrived). Of course, he could only, again, hope that, whatever the situation, they would remain together. That was all that mattered to him, but he did not know enough about what was on her mind to sense whether or not this was even a relevant consideration anymore.
At the same time, he could not be sure that her facial expression was in any way related to this message she had just read from General Motiwala. There was a nature to this exsanguination of mien which bespoke a more essential fatigue. In the flickering light of metropolitan displays and moonlit canal water, his eyes captured in that jaded silhouette a sight rather familiar to him: it was a despair he knew too well (and, for some reason, this granted him some degree of reassurance). There were those moments at the end of a long day, when one’s blood sugar was low and when the thought of going on existing for one more day—for even one more moment—seemed too bewildering to grasp. He knew this jaded continuation of existence—this somber irresolution about the necessity of demise—just as well as she did: they were always moving with no destination, respiring in shallow breaths, heads swimming and chests heavy. How was one to go on? And why?
It was that constant movement, that flurry of activity blurring one’s lingering image of self and of what one sought out of oneself. He had been so very long caught up in the fury of consternation over whether each step was one that maximized their probabilities for a desired outcome, or if it engendered instead a significant opportunity cost that led only, in the long run, to substantial risk. There was no ‘right’ way to abide by this uncertainty—and this very fact, of itself, had been draining. Now, however, he felt something uniquely different. The deck had been reshuffled and a new assortment of players had taken the seats adjacent to them at the card table. He did not know what was to come of this, or how this would influence their relative probability of a positive outcome; nevertheless, what he did understand was that the old game was over and that the slate had been wiped clean. There were no more sunk costs to be considered for it now seemed clear that the matter extended beyond them. Any despair he could feel in these circumstances was sure to be forthcoming; yet, he found himself, in a peculiar way, thankful for what he did not yet know, for it released him momentarily from that previous panic and granted him temporary respite before the next source of grief had any opportunity to root itself before him. 
It would be a short break, but a blissful one.

II. 

Didi’s eyes fell upon the Domesticated Immigrant (she forgot now what his real name had been—celery, centipede or cilia...or something like that). Regardless, the chilly cross-breezes sweeping across and along the canal were sufficient for him to have put on his squirrel costume again. He even started muttering to himself once more in that ridiculous accent as though he had any chance of fooling anyone; it was likely that he simply relished in the comfort of this role. Sometimes the character one must play is preferable to the reality of self—at least for some.
It was a strange company they were keeping. Ottoman and she were sitting facing each other along the long ends of the gondola: sitting perpendicular to them to the fore and facing forward in a row were the three men still in their trenchcoats. Sitting perpendicular to them on the other side, in the aft section and by the feet of the gondolier, was the man in the squirrel costume. Sitting on the other side of the gondolier’s feet was the manager of the B&B—for some reason, he had also decided to accompany them on this journey, claiming to be doing so only for the purposes of fulfilling his obligations as ‘witness to the proceedings’ (whatever that meant). No one bothered to question him, perhaps because each thought, at the time, that he was affiliated with someone else within this motley crew (although this now seemed unlikely). Didi had wondered if maybe he was a confederate of the men in trenchcoats; the men in the trenchcoats, meanwhile, had assumed that he represented another organization with a stake in this matter and that Didi knew more of his affiliation than they did because she had been granted higher security access by General Motiwala than any one of them. This was to say nothing of the most likely possibility of him simply being a bored curiosity-seeker—a possibility which everyone entertained but refrained from mentioning for fear of displaying their ignorance of the larger dynamics before them.
Truth be told, none of them knew really why they were going to the airport, or what the next step was to be. Each only knew that this was the destination before them, but trusted that there were others in the group who had more information on the matter. Unfortunately, because no one quite knew what the others in this gondola knew or didn’t know, they were all wracked with a kind of uncertainty about what was in store for them, though, once again, it would have been foolish to acknowledge this verbally.
There were murmurs from the boat behind them: it was a river carriage filled with a gaggle of corporate types: likely, inhabitants of the executive lounges of the sports stadium. Didi looked up and saw the boxy ship with its lit windowed compartment, with high ceilings and a pair of chandeliers The men wore lace cravats and ladies those chic velvet dungarees that had graced the fashion circuit and haute boutiques of West Sproodle-13. There were only about six or seven of them by the look of it, and they congregated around this central figure, a portly gentleman in a white vest clinging tightly over a burlap sarong. If he were bigger, older, and with less hair, Didi might have mistaken him for Sanchez or even O-bousan-34, but she knew better than that. Still, this man had something of a similar charisma to him that reminded her, at the very least, of that aging artist—wherever he was. Warbles of night music reached her ears. It sounded like an old recording of the “Mammary Mambo” back from the days of Scabby McGraw and the Magnapoops (fortunately, not another tiresome modern-day rendition from one of those synthetic cicada chamber orchestras—those had become insufferable). Didi knew this song well because she and Ottoman had practiced this number many times in case it was ever requested at one of their gigs (unfortunately, it was rare that anyone in the audience would actually request anything at all from them, but that was a separate matter entirely). The carriage’s guests seemed similarly ambivalent to the recording; they bopped to the rhythm slightly, but didn’t pay much attention beyond that. Didi enjoyed the sounds of a little night music amidst the breeze passing over the canal. There was a calming nature to it, in spite of the lively rhythms. Unfortunately, the guests in the boat did not share her appreciation for the music; to them, it was mere ambiance as they sipped from their goblets of spinach wine and rested their full attentions on their special guest. The guru had a wild gray beard adorned with beads and blue streaks. His long black and white hair was pulled back into a bun, except for the hairs at the nape of his neck which plunged downward behind like a trickling waterfall. His face was lively and painted orange around his eyes, and he wore blue lipstick and maintained dyed-black teeth. It appeared to her an insincere affectation judging from this distance, but she could only give him the benefit of the doubt. Perhaps he had joined some special order later in life and focused much of his attention on the assiduous maintenance of his new shaman-like look. Then again, there was a striking confidence to his facial expressions and in the way he spoke to his companions. He could not simply have been the member of an order. He was a standalone, if not an outright leader of his own sect. Still, something seemed out of place about him. 
His squeaky voice punctured the smooth and undulating rhythm of the music, much like the fierce song of a nightingale, “...that day in the courtroom was like a revelation to me. The words of the witness, a man of faith, I think he was, are burnt indelibly in mind. He said, ‘Our salvation often comes from mysterious places. As does our sense of purpose. Sometimes they are two ends of the same vine—one of those long vines that twist and fold around themselves and other objects before their ends become obscured. And yet, when we find those ends and where they lead, they become the defining roles in all of our most crucial human relationships.’”
“Wow...beautiful,” crooned a bright-eyed young woman. She was enamored, it seemed, by the speaker’s optimistic tone.
“All a bit of bunk, that!” remarked her more skeptical companion, who seemed to feel slightly rebuffed in favor of this delightful guru before him. “One of those circular phrases that makes people feel good but actually means nothing at all!”
“Yes, well I’ve had people say things like that to me before. Believe me, I’m used to it. I understand that, in business, one must have a nose for disingenuous claims and for those who might prey upon the lesser fortunate and the lesser vigilant. Your eye is always on the bottom line, and so you are inclined to mistrust anyone who is offering guidance with respect to the larger questions perplexing us. I use the word ‘guidance’ because what I’m offering are not ‘answers.’ It is, for me as well, a path of exploration on which I invite my friends and companions. I think there has been a bit of misunderstanding about this because of the popularity of my book—though I am admittedly ashamed to acknowledge this as being the reason because it seems to imply that others are jealous of what they view as ‘my success.’ Truth be told, I do not even spare any thought to this silly word—success—but people often think I’m even more pretentious for saying so. Perhaps you do as well, for, in business, I imagine there to be well-defined and measurable constructs that signify a positive outcome, though I can only hope that you’d agree that ‘success’ is a different matter entirely. Just a word, from my vantage point, but I know that there are many who do not think so. It seems that there is no way to spare myself from the judgment of my skeptics, and so I must embrace it. I’ve even had a few people read my first book and tell me that it was ‘one of those books that uses doublespeak and fake entendres to attempt to come across as deeply intellectual but is really just wasting your time.’ Others have called me a ‘guru who says all sorts of pretty and flowery sayings, but actually does not say anything meaningful.’ They are entitled to their opinions, even those who mispronounce (or, in some cases, misspell) the word ‘convoluted.’ Bless their hearts! I can brook this criticism, and actually it helps for me to look more skeptically at my own work and test my assumptions.” 
Didi sighed ruefully as she listened to his rubbish. There was something familiar about this moment, but it had nothing to do with him…or with her, for that matter. She found herself momentarily overtaken by a vague suspicion that there existed entities external to this universe, who derived great satisfaction from condemning it. But this was no matter that should concern her any further. She relaxed her attention on what was being said briefly to take the night in. She closed her eyes and stretched her mind to encapsulate the sounds and textures of this moment. She found herself remembering the waterfall/orange simulation, and this made her giggle slightly. It occurred to her that there was something else rather familiar about this moment, though she did not know why it seemed so: she found herself remembering that night excursion by carriage with the Beastslayer. Where had she met this fellow again? At an art event of some kind—oh yes, she kept forgetting that it was the same evening as Aqua Pod! How could she momentarily forget this rather important evening, unless it was just the fatigue of this moment she occupied now? At any rate, he was telling her about a dream he had had about her mother. He’d claimed to be a clairvoyant or something of that nature. It didn’t matter now, for it was so very long ago and all those moments, which in their own time seemed so important, were just fixtures that now propped up the present. How did Motiwala say it: like the lines on one’s hands?
In any case, it wasn’t that moment, but it was the familiar feel of movement in the quiet and waiting night, that slow passage between one unfolding drama and the next. It was a blessed hiatus from the moments of the day and there had been something calming then, just as there was something calming now, about hearing the voices and laughter and the good cheer of strangers, of fleeting moments of levity shared in small nooks bumping up against and passing one another in the night.
She had no wish to be in the boat with those glamorous people; yet, she was heartened by their presence. There was no way of knowing who they were exactly, but this distance granted her the privilege of thinking that maybe they were happy people and without the sort of cares that she had borne herself. Of course, along with this came a mild jealousy, even a resentment for how removed they appeared to her from the sorts of misfortunes that she and her husband had now come to know. But then, she also had the presence of mind to step back and understand that this approximation was unfair and, to say the least, rather self-serving. And, really, if this General Motiwala was, at all, on the right track, it mattered very little. They would only occupy this form and conduit of transactional chemical and implicit relations for a brief period before everything evaporated again and they found themselves at the other end of the galaxy (or in some other galaxy or remote nook of the multiverse) occupying pods of arsenic trioxide vapor drifting amidst the subterranean crags of some moist gray protoplanet.
Even still, this was probably a self-aggrandizing notion concocted by her insufficient imagination. In actuality, she now seemed to forget much of what this General Motiwala had written. And this filled her with a certain guilt for she could see how painstakingly into detail he had gone for the purpose of having her understand the complex (and quickly changing) underpinnings of their immediate situation. Nevertheless, as it affected her and Ottoman, all that really mattered was that they were to proceed to the airport. This was the last command that the leader of the men in overcoats had received, and it seemed to coincide with her finishing her reading of Motiwala’s letter. She had no reason to trust anything of what she had read; similarly, it seemed foolish to believe that these men were being transparent with her about the way in which they were operating. She got the sense from her reading of the letter that even General Motiwala was kept in the dark as to their mission objectives; therefore, she understood well that even if he’d had the most honorable intentions, there was still the possibility that these men were leading them into a trap of some kind. She had not yet ruled out the notion that they had been detained by these men, as well, and that perhaps she would soon be sold into slavery. 
Things like this still happened everyday: she’d seen evidence of slave-trafficking in every town she’d visited. It was a methodical enterprise steeped in hardened survivalism and a resentment for the naïvely entitled. 
In Port au Prudence, she had encountered a sled drawn across a plain of gravel bluestone by tethered Drawan women. The sled itself carried a fattened merchant who whipped them mercilessly as he gnawed at an uncooked meaty thigh. With every bite, he made loud slurping noises and moaned with satisfaction: this propelled the Drawan sledgirls into frantic tears. “Mother! Mother!” they squealed with horror at the man who had chained them and who chipped away even further at their resolve with every biteful of their once nurturing matron. Every time they screamed for their mother, he whipped at them with greater ferocity and demanded they be silent. 
There was no seeming thought of death or any other form of release on the part of these women—there was no time to think of it whilst the resolve to live remained still so strong. There was a calculated cruelty to it, she had thought, but it was Ottoman-13, the survivalist Untouchable, who only pointed out to her that this was rooted just as much in necessity as the act of reducing his village to ashes. The notion that her husband could even imagine so disgusted her, at first, and made her feel somewhat lonely as though she did not truly know this man whom she had married. Yet, with repeated viewings, these episodes of cruelty and desperation became less jarring to her, and she soon came to understand the pragmatism behind her husband’s perspective. 

III. 

Once, whilst crossing the Lesser Hofuf-5 desert basin, they happened upon a gated compound. Their Moreli had been growing weary even though it was midday, and this appeared a suitable place to rest. At the gates of the compound, the guards raised a suspicious brow, twirled at their nose hairs and asked a slew of unconnected questions before searching the Moreli’s satchel bags and the boot of the accompanying carriage for explosives. “Danger area!” one of the guards scowled as he made a swift, offhand gesture to his men to let these wastrels proceed forward. 
The great vertical barred gates rose before them, and a spongy path opened up between patches of lush rainforest hemmed in by blue translucent protozoan surfaces. Sprinklers were suspended from the domed ceiling of the compound, which itself appeared to be some kind of clear polymeric membrane that did little to diminish the intensity of the sunlight. Shimmying up branches, whilst balancing ropes and baskets, were teams of migrant plantation workers, who had more than likely come here in search of something better for themselves (and their families—if, indeed, they had been brought along). This was still an improvement over the quality of life in their homelands, and so they threw themselves willingly into their duties. There could be no judgment, of course, that they were being exploited inasmuch as both sides of this equation still likely viewed the situation as a win-win. It was this sight alone that drove home to Ottoman and Didi, as a trio of guards led them toward the inner domain, that they were entering a seat of massive power, one that compelled a profound sense of awe and gratitude in its servants. They did not yet know whom this belonged to—a desert prince perhaps. But no, there would be no sight of migrant workers in a royal compound. The presence of plantation workers suggested that this was an agro-industrial zone, and so they were likely now the guests of a corporate entity. This would also serve to explain how easily they had gained entrance. 
The Moreli were put into stables and treated with honeyed water and salted brambles. Ottoman turned to Didi and started mouthing nervous calculations. He was yet unsure how much this was going to cost them and how it was they would be asked to make payment. They walked for about half an hour before they made it to the other side of the plantation room. Before them opened a smaller set of doors leading into a long glass-walled corridor. Through the windows on each side were endless rows and columns of Sweat Simians at computers—migrant laborers of a different variety. They squatted upon their chairs (presumably not knowing quite how to use these contraptions) and plugged away at endless coded subroutines they had likely been made to memorize by their training sergeants and overseers. From the look of them, they came from locales that had only recently started to modernize with respect to public utilities and technological infrastructure. Didi had seen, in her travels, squalid villages that looked developmentally as Vasalla might have looked centuries prior, but which maintained, nevertheless, easy access to the latest in portable and handheld supercomputers. In spite of the widespread disease and starvation, training camps for coders outnumbered hospitals and food banks. Aid workers no longer distributed food, vaccines, health and sanitary supplies and water as they used to. Now, they ran ‘empowerment’ training camps with legitimate pipelines to employment in worldwide industries. And so, these men, women and children, who knew little of the appropriate use of chairs, sat in rooms with little ventilation and fans blowing hot steamy air in their face (steamy from all the moisture of the adjoining plantation), and they entered long strands of code. And sporadically among the endless rows of Sweat Simians at their computers stood vast elliptical glass chambers with tethered fetuses floating suspended in liquid. Didi squinted slightly. The tethers were all connected to a server in the middle of the room, but it was unclear what exactly was being done with these creatures. The windows, it seemed were thin enough that they could hear the chorus of click-clacks, and also the sounds of cicadas singing as though in consonance with some divine percussion of industry.
At the end of the corridor, the security guards opened a door leading into a private studio with an array of musical instruments. One of them pointed at the Eyelash Harps and gestured for Ottoman to place these stringed goggles over his eyes and commence with the lash-picking. Then, this same guard produced from his pocket a pair of Tongue Tablas and instructed Didi to make good use of these. The other instruments it seemed, the sort one might employ one’s arms and legs to play, were forbidden in this region of the kingdom. Being a state-owned entity, there were zones in which the corporation had clearance to make use of these objects, but still they were required to adhere strictly to certain regulations regarding time signatures, chord progressions and the use of staccato rhythm. Or, at least, this is what the security guard told them. Before closing the door to the music studio, the lead guard indicated that a music producer would be with them shortly with a contract to sign. The door closed behind him, and the two were left alone to peer through the window of the musical studio at the endless rows of coding monkeys who sat before them. On the rare occasion that one took a break from his toils to peek at his handheld device, he was reprimanded by a nearby overseer. It was clear from this vantage point that this was about as totalitarian as a corporation got; and yet, the corporation would cease to function unless it kept the hordes that propped its operations in slavish conditions, albeit with a strong enough resolve to survive that compliance should become the only viable means of doing so. “How can these people live in such conditions?” Didi asked Ottoman.
“I’ve seen worse,” he replied, “As an untouchable, one endures a lot, but one does not have the luxury to make such comparisons, or to ask oneself whether it’s worth enduring at all.”
“But is there reasonable cause to endure?”
“Again, one does not really question it. And frankly, I never know what to make of the word ‘reasonable’ when it comes to such things.”
“Reasonable is…”
“Yes?”
“…well, without emotion perhaps. Rational. Based in knowledge and logical assumption.”
“But then it is still an assumption, even without emotion.”
“Why must you be obtuse?”
“Are penguins reasonable?”
“They might have no reasonable cause to endure. Same as humans.”
 “Humans, too, need no cause—reasonable or otherwise. One simply endures because that’s all there is to do.”
“Sounds boring.”
“It can be.”
“So, enduring is like waiting?”
“Like waiting for a train to arrive? No.”
“I mean like waiting for things to get better. Taking no action until necessary.”
 “It’s not about opportunity. There are no arcane economics behind it, no cost-benefit analysis. It’s all a person has.” 
“Necessity then.”
“Not quite no, but yes. Quite.”
“Slightly necessary then, but for no reasonable cause. So, if it has no end as a strategy, it is simple resignation.”
“Who lives in a perpetual state of resignation?”
“Untouchables?”
“Now, who’s being obtuse?”
“Well, then it’s otherwise a state of surrender.”
“’Surrender’ is just a word. Surrender, too, is fleeting. We’re not talking about a religious act or a political one. It is far less an act of supplication to a higher authority, but more precisely a natural process of being…and so perhaps to endure is to be engaged in an act of defiance against the harsh conditions one must face.”
Didi was impressed to hear this stroke of insight from her husband who usually otherwise said dimwitted things. “That’s a very nice sentiment: enduring as defiance. But still, this will to endure only props up a greater injustice. It lies at the base of an unwieldy pyramid.”
“Yes, well, one is not always so aware of the larger dynamics.”
“Yet, we affect those dynamics and they affect us. How could we possibly remain unaware? Whole fields of studies, whole disciplines are dedicated to the understanding of these larger dynamics.” 
“Not in the sense that I mean. Say, for example, that we are each atoms in a larger body, but we can only do what is sensible to us discretely, without understanding truly the sensation or motives of the larger whole.”
“If this is so, it’s self-defeating! The macro betraying the micro.”
“It may sound like a betrayal, but it is more like negligence. What’s more, it is necessarily altruistic within its locality. This is the Divine Nectar—the glue of social factions and of vast technocratic societies.” 
“Societies are, then, structured like atoms in a larger body. Altruistic on the small scale but incapable of comprehending the indifferent whole.”
“Atoms might only interact with what exists in their locality. They are the veins on a leaf of a vast tree that casts a significant shadow.”
“So they shirk?”
“What?”
“Shirk?”
“What?”
“So they don’t realize that their very existence constitutes injustice?”
“That’s a little hazy. What do you mean by ‘injustice?’”
“You’re an administrator of justice.”
“That’s why I’m asking.”
“You should be ashamed.”
“Deeply, yes.”
“Well, inequality for one. That’s a breed of injustice. The benefit of the few at the expense of the many.”
“That’s injustice?”
“It’s one definition of it. And yes, I recognize that there is broader thinking about this. Let’s assume, for our purposes, that we mean it to be the perpetuation of predatory behavior and practices.”
“In what sense—‘predatory?’”
“You know what I mean!”
“Stronger cannibalizes weaker.”
“There’s more distance to it now than when we were younger.”
“So, you are seek a more egalitarian social structure.”
“I heard something once from Rakesh-7 about something called ‘particle egalitarianism.’ I am fascinated by its symmetry.”
“I can’t even get my mustache symmetrical.”
“That’s why you ought to shave.”
“Yet, even when we have strictly defined constructs in place for ‘egalitarianism,’ we are unable to account well for our movements with respect to the totality. Altruism at the atomic level does not scale.” 
“Even in meritocratic societies?”
“I don’t even know what you mean.”
“Societies with greater social mobility.”
 “Are we to believe that such societies are superior to those without it?”
“Yes. No. I don’t know. But conceivably egalitarianism is strained by meritocracy.”
“Or, it is fostered by it. Depending on the structure of the society. In any case, whatever progressive aspirations prevail-“
“No matter how a society is structured-?”
“Yes, however so, there remain these bottom, invisible layers of entities who fulfill the labor and industrial demands of the consumer class.”
“Worker ants! They just want a slightly better life for themselves—“
“..and, well to evolve from producer to consumer. There’s a desire to be ravenous. Shouldn’t we want to want after all?”
“Ravenous. Yes!”
“Ravenous like one of those carnivorous plants that devours vespine pheasants.” 
“Pheasants?”
“Yes, it’s quite something actually. An former employer of mine used to keep them. That was some ravenous flora.”
“I never considered the desires of plants.”
“Of producers?”
“Yes.”
“Well, you have some psychological distance. How would it serve your consumerist sensibilities to while away the time thinking about such things?” 
“So, then, each truly has no conception of what the other is doing.”
“Like I said: atoms.”
“But does it not matter if their lifestyles improve in step with these larger processes?” 
“The ‘producer’ atoms? That’s not the key concern. And the consumer atoms only conceptualize this ‘improvement’ in self-serving terms. Much as we’re doing now.”
“So, it’s like I said: their labors only serve to prop the lifestyles of those who will never understand their toils…” 
“’Toils’ also sounds like a poetic idealization of their circumstances. It’s far more banal than one would like to think.”
“To endure is banal, you mean?”
“Yes. Like I said: boring.”
“You said, ‘it can be’ boring, but not that it ‘is.’”
“It depends on whom you ask, and either way you wouldn't get a straight answer. How would you answer that for yourself?”
“So, we’re only left seeking to understand the producers from the lens of the consumer class, who are equally bored.”
“…and, who might even decry the very comforts that they have been granted through the benefit of these distal mechanisms.”
Was it Ottoman saying these words? If so, what had come over him? Perhaps, there was something about this place—something in that canned air—that was bringing this out of him now. Bringing it out of both of them—for she found her voicing sentiments with which she was otherwise unaccustomed! She did not know what to make of it. She heard herself say, “But-” before her objection was interrupted by a rapid knock at the door of the studio.
A man popped his head in through the door crack. He had round-rimmed glasses that took up half his face and neatly parted hair. “Hello! Hello! The traveling minstrels, yes? Splendid!” 
As he entered, he straightened his bright green-colored suit, and a peculiar grin spread like a fungus over his features. There was already something exhausting about his strange energy, and Didi found herself briefly wondering if he had any sense at all of whom he was beyond this flashy suit and hairstyle that he had come to occupy. Pressed up against the folded contract in his hand, he held a pink can of what could only be a sugary concoction. When his grin reached its fullness, it became something terrifyingly bright, something rancorous. He laid the contract down on a table before them and snapped his head back to take a swig from his can as though preparing himself for some grand routine. Once he’d shaken down the remaining drops of that sugary preparation into his open mouth, his face sank forward again and amidst his flaring nostrils, one could behold a flush of ecstasy. Didi felt a chill at the base of her spine.
It was likely that they would be offered a sum of money—and a much greater standard of living than what they had now—to stay on this compound and provide entertainment in the night clubs frequented by middle management. He confirmed her assumptions with a quick nod, as though having read her thoughts, “Yes. All of this is correct. You will perform on a rotating schedule with other resident minstrels in District Z-13. That’s one of the nicer areas, you’ll find, and the management who frequent that zone tend to be better tippers when the females are...well, when they possess special gifts.” Didi folded her arms over her chest and looked back at Ottoman, who was already shaking his head. 
“We’re all trapped, aren’t we?”
“Well no, my good man!” the music producer said cheerfully. “We can all come and go as we please.”
“Yes…well, that’s not quite what I mean. We leave the compound, and then there’s desert and more compounds. And this whole network of connections bridging insular segments.”
 “I’m afraid I don’t catch your meaning, my friend!” the man said slightly less cheerfully. He seemed to resent the implication that he was not free to do as he wished, that none of them were.
Didi thought about this for a second and turned to Ottoman. “Even if we get out of this place, where can we go? Where can we ever go?” She felt her emotions getting away from her. That control over her circumstances, always fickle, always implicitly there, suddenly failed her. They were already slaves! She began now to hyperventilate.
“We can’t get delayed by this place,” Ottoman said soothingly. “Our only answer is to keep searching for Bunnu. The rest doesn’t matter right now. And maybe there’s nothing we can do about it anyway.”
She had momentarily forgotten about Bunnu. Yes! That was still important. “Bunnu. Bunnu… yes…” Her eyes swirled Elsewhere momentarily.
“My friends, I ask you not to turn down this opportunity. You are already part of something larger: is it not in your best interests to put yourself into a position of greater comfort? Do not be afraid…”
In a sense, the man was making a sound, pragmatic appeal. At the same time, he understood something of those shapeless anxieties that overwhelmed them in this moment. He knew it well and seemed to feel that it was better to recede back into comfort than confront the source of this irresolute angst: it was better, in general, not to overthink about the puzzle pieces that hemmed them all in, about the larger picture those pieces formed and the ways in which they themselves fit into that larger picture. 
There was something deeply wrong about all this. No one quite knew what words to put to it, or how indeed to begin to talk about it. There was a disappointment in it that their minds were too dull and too easily distracted to encapsulate for any appreciable stretch of time. They did not understand completely what was happening around them and what constituted their minute place in the larger workings of that meandering automaton of Humankind, but Didi knew that there had to be more to all this than satisfying their own individual and pragmatic necessities. She found herself suddenly thinking of Yuri and Raju, wondering what they would say in this moment. Perhaps, they would find her foolish and short-sighted for not giving greater priority to their financial sustainability. Staying here on the compound would surely provide them with the opportunity to save money for a future home and, more importantly, to make suitable preparations for their old age. Usually, she would agree with this thinking, but there was something about all this, about seeing this reality always under the surface that made her feel suddenly quite ill. She did not seek to avert her eyes from it so much as to distance herself completely from the necessity that underlay it. The music producer sighed disappointedly and summoned a motorized transport from his illuminated display. “Let me, at the very least, give you a tour of the residential and recreational zones. I think I already know what you’re going to say, but if you’ll humor me, I think you’ll find this a pleasant place to pass your days. We’d also like to host you for a special dinner.”
Ottoman said, “We wouldn’t want to burden you any further. You’ve already provided quite enough for our Moreli. It would not be right of us to impose and have nothing to offer back in return.”
The man insisted, and it wasn’t long before they were in the entertainment districts of the compound. The streets of this subterranean domain were like those of any nighttime metropolis. There was even a dome of sky—a vast screen displaying artificial light projections of the stars and a moon, a visage that appeared somehow even more grand and infinite than those authentic depths of the firmament. The chirps of birds and crickets oscillated sharply over loudspeakers next to large painted air conditioning vents, but there was no evidence that any species of these creatures existed in this airtight subterranean complex.  
They passed through the moodily lit streets in a luxury sports sedan driven by the music producer. “Pays really well down in this quarter. The salary bands for entertainers like us are generally higher than even those of mid-level engineers in the industrial and power generation sectors. Prince Zhomart-233, he’s the sovereign ruling over this province and also the chairman of our Board of Directors—the prince: he places a higher value on entertainment than his brothers and uncles who preside over the other subsidiaries and branch offices. They are a bit more on the traditional side of the equation: entertainers are generally on the same salary band as plantation workers. We’re lucky to be in Zhomart’s province actually! He’s a progressive thinker and really wants to bring the common man up so that he, too, can get a taste of the finer things. On his last visit here, he decreed with a wave of his hand that 3 new music clubs be constructed and that musicians be brought in from all areas of the Outlands. We really do have high hopes for you. We don’t get many Kaiiban musicians out our way. Most of the Kaiibans we get are Drawans, but we just can’t take the jungle out of those cats. They’re only good for picking fruit and typing code. It takes less time to train them to do that than to break them of their savage habits. That’s not to say that they don’t have opportunities to take courses through the training institute on self-improvement: mostly these are lessons on etiquette. Trimming nails and appropriate chair-sitting technique: things of the like. They might, then, aspire to positions as security guards. I’m told that there’s been a bit of an issue there though. The ones who end up taking the classes have to hide the behaviors they learn from their peers for fear of being accused of ‘putting on airs.’ Even worse, nobody wants to pay for a class that teaches them behaviors they’ll have no chance at using. The training institute has offered classes randomly through a lottery system to some of the trainees, but this has produced the same effect of distancing them from their communities. Over time, though, I’ve noticed a new class of better groomed Sweat Simians who feel most comfortable in the company of those with whom they’ve taken their courses. They may be resented by their communities, but now they’ve come to celebrate their own uniqueness. Now and again, you’ll get a group of them down here. They are often seated in areas of restaurants where no one can see them and allowed only to order from the children’s menu. Still, there is the sense that they are moving up in the world. And, to say the least, that’s progress!”
The sedan pulled from the lit boulevard to a quaint cobbled side street lit only by incandescent torches. It was a parking area occupied by luxury cars and sports sedans. They had not yet seen a car of lesser opulence in the drive over here. It was clear that the people of this district lived in immense comfort. Even the cobblestones on the streets looked new as though the planners of this district had adopted a vintage look as an accessory to this area’s greater ostentation. Didi now found herself remembering the courtyard outside of the Aqua Pod on the day that the Beastslayer had given her a carriage ride home. Sanchez had been no less meticulous about appearances. Yet, this was something beyond. The air here smelled of money.  
The producer led them down some stairs into a cellar restaurant. The flickering light of the fountain at the entranceway dazzled their eyes and compelled their feet to glide forward until they could rest their chins over the alluring aroma of Seared Otarine Stork. Sitting at a dimly lit wooden table and passing around a carafe of mulled gluhwein, the producer spoke gently above the sounds of harmonium. “Even though we are still in a restricted zone when it comes to music, in the clubs, anything goes really. I mean, anything! Well, I suppose I’ll let your imaginations run with it, but let’s just say that what happens in the cellar clubs goes beyond your standard time signatures. Up in the agro-industrial sectors, where we had those instruments laid out for you, you are somewhat restricted in how much you can do, especially if the music that we produce together is composed for the purposes of fulfilling industrial needs. You see, it all gets a little complex once you consider all the compliance protocols and external standards to which we must adhere. If you go on contract with us, you’ll make a little music up there and a lot of music down here. You’ll really have the chance to stretch the limits of your imagination, I think. And frankly, you’ll get to live the sort of free-form life that only a musician deserves. You’ll eat well, as I’m sure you can see. And you’ll drink well. I would say that you’ll sleep well, but frankly you may never want to sleep. There’s far too much to explore and enjoy. There is no comfort of home that our accommodations do not exceed. I just sounded like an advert there, didn’t I? But really, I only say this because I mean it. The Sweat Simians—they don’t really get a taste of the kind of experimental concoctions we have here.” He took a sip of his gluhwein. “Mmmm...now that’s tickety boo! Actually, there’s a dash of pineal gland in there. Nice kick, that!” 
Through the space in the partitions that divided their room from the general area, Didi could see the counter packed with young corporate types with outstretched cups. A broad-faced mustachioed gentleman in gray suspenders held a wooden bucket and ladled out a thick viscous goo that looked something like engine oil into their cups. It seemed a popular concoction, and Didi had half a mind to order it herself judging from the ecstatic faces of the men who imbibed it. Looking around, she noted few women save for the dancing girls and the female waitstaff. The executives here were mostly men: this fact alone made her feel somewhat uncomfortable. She shifted in her seat and the producer remarked to her, “Would you prefer to sit on the floor? We can easily move to a table in a tatami room.”
“No, no...I’m fine. Thank you.” Didi replied as she watched a tall, slim man in a light blue suit part the crowd at the counter and pass right through them in the direction of their room. His eyes met hers and he frowned slightly, as though uncomfortable at having made himself obtrusive even in the midst of the static chatter and harmonium sounds of this bustling club. He arrived behind the producer and cleared his throat in about as elegant a way as one might clear phlegm from one’s trachea. 
The producer craned his neck and exclaimed, “Ah, I see you received my message. My friends, I would like to introduce you to Jagdish, our Director of Planning and Development. Jagdish, I was speaking with our friends here and I’m afraid that I’ve held something back from all of you. There is something that connects you all, and I apologize for the drama of voicing this at the outset. Ms. Didi and Mr. Ottoman, Jagdish also was once a detainee at the Asoka Plains Detention Facility just like your brother. I’m sorry, please remind me of his name?”
“B-buh-Bunnu...that’s his name. Bunnu…” Ottoman whispered slowly, his eyes studying the man. Jagdish’s head was as long as his body. His neck was strikingly long and the head that sat atop it was similarly so. His slicked back hair gave the appearance that he had once fallen through a manhole in the street and been sucked through networks of sewer pipes, only recently having emerged. He smiled now, and there was something profane in the grin, though he said nothing at all.
“When we first encountered Jagdish here, he really had a foul smell to him and that vulgar laugh. I think internment does something to you, but we saw a certain raw potential in him that we had not seen in other candidates for the position we’d been seeking to fill. You might be wondering what a music producer has to do with the hiring process for the Director of Planning and Development. Unfortunately, I do not right now have the luxury of explaining to you our organizational hierarchy or our pathways for work flow. Suffice it to say that they are indeed intricate and that we look very closely at our needs and what each candidate brings to the table before making any kind of offer. Jagdish here has been an incredible asset, and though he barely has anything to say these days, I feel that his presence here means something, especially taking into consideration the possibility that he might be able to aid in your quest for your brother.”
Didi and Ottoman looked at each other quizzically for a moment. They had not once mentioned Bunnu, much less their search for him, since they’d arrived at this place. There was something troubling about all this. It was likely that this man had been brought here for some other reason than the pretext that they had just been served. Didi’s eyes narrowed as she said, “If you don’t mind my asking, what sort of planning and development do you do for your organization?”
“Mostly with media products and services, Madam,” he answered carefully. “His Majesty the Prince has a great interest in the opportunities brought forth by media. He is a visionary, Madam, to say the least. And I believe that he is right to focus his attentions on the manufacturing of images and representations, as the outlays are comparably low and the returns are both significant and potentially long term. His brothers and sisters are more focused on heavy industries and raw materials cultivation and refinement. Between you and me, our benevolent Prince has confided to us that they are deeply envious of his success and that they even seem to be plotting to sabotage, possibly even assassinate him. In that sense, developing a strong media presence complete with newsreaders and entertainment programming will be very much to the advantage of this administration and should consolidate Prince Zhomart-233’s power before he ascends to his father’s throne. By that time, in fact, to be a head of state will be ancillary to the informational capital he will possess in the larger marketplace for human will and attention. His programming, advertising and data-mining initiatives will have created a new mechanism by which the will of the individual can be customized and attention maximized to align with an overarching market agenda. If there is a higher power that presides over us and all human agency—one that feeds into our narrative and into what drives our attitudes and behaviors in the midst of said narrative—it comes in the marriage between media and data analytics.”
“Sounds precarious…” Ottoman remarked.
“I doesn’t have to be, sir.” Jagdish remarked matter-of-factly.
“So, you were acquainted with my brother?”
“Acquainted is a tricky word, but yes—in fact, I think it might be possible that our cells were adjacent. There was one detainee, I remember, who didn’t associate with the others. He was a bit high-strung.”
“High-strung? That doesn’t sound like him.”
“Perhaps. At any rate, that’s all behind us now. The fact is, I didn’t know him very well, so I can’t even be sure if that was him. All the same, my associates and I are quite interested in documenting your story. Your journey to find him, that is.”
“Whatever for?”
“Well, for content really! People simply delight in the hero’s quest. Just imagine how many people your journey will inspire!”
“Hero? Inspire?” Ottoman interjected, “More like frustrate! I can think of nothing less appealing than putting our anguish on display for others to see. What do these observers get out of it?”
“You must understand, by now, that there are many who languish in the boredom of disappointing and dispassionate existences. They have limitless access to food and entertainment, but there is a dark consistency that pervades still in their lives. They have grown sedentary and fill their bodies with artificial substances meant to give a fleeting thrill. They look in the mirror and they see their bloated or emaciated bodies, their sagging, gray skin, their agitated and impatient eyes. They cannot bear the image for more than a second, for there is no limit to their self-loathing. Also, they simply get distracted by other sources of pain and agitation that only seem to bombard them with momentary reminders of their own desperation. And yet, they find themselves so downtrodden by their own circumstances that they are unable to weep even for themselves. It is difficult to work up the will to do so for they are paralyzed by their despair and their bodies are heavy with desensitization and fatigue. They seek respite, but also a kind of emotional release that can again grant them that buoyancy of feeling. These needs are met by the content we provide. They have an opportunity to empathize with the struggles of another, to see even that others must face the same quandaries that they must face—and worse! By watching you, by hearing your story, they have a chance to revel in your victories and weep at your losses, and all the while, to feel as though this vicarious experience had been their own. They mirror the experience, and though their problems outside of the medium persist, they feel as though they have lived and felt and encountered the world vicariously through the vantage point of another. It’s quite compelling actually. And the experience only whets one’s appetite further as though one has taken a mere nibble of a delightful pastry.”
“I’m afraid I don’t follow,” Didi said with a hint of annoyance.
“Let’s just say that we all need to watch a tragedy unfold on stage before us; we must hear the sopranos wail and the baritones grovel in misery, and we, too, must weep with them in a way in which we lack the permission to do in our own circumstances amidst the cast of characters with whom we truly share our stage. We are ashamed of our grief, loneliness and despair—and possibly for good reason for who has the gall to admit that his anguish is of sufficient weight, and of greater burden, presumably, than those in his proximity; unless, of course, there is a shared pain over which he seeks to commiserate with others? And what sort of person can proclaim his life sufficient of such a shameless and self-indulgent display who is not himself a fool in this world? All the same, we would be remiss if we failed to acknowledge that said fool would yet be treasured and possibly venerated if the world he inhabited comprised solely of that narrow expanse of stage visible only once the curtains were drawn.”
“I am not a soprano…” Didi said emphatically. This detail she chose to focus upon. “And he is not a baritone! We are middling musicians at best. There is no grand display of blubbering that we can produce within which any rational person who has even the slightest sense of aesthetics can hope to seek solace.”
“And that is why you are the everyman and everywoman we have sought. And yet, you still maintain freakish enough characteristics that you are not quite the true ‘everyman’ and ‘everywoman.’ If we went down the middle and put a truly average couple on display for all to see, then, well—yes! I can assure you no one would watch it. But they would surely watch you!”
“If, for no other reason, than our bathing beauty…” the music producer interjected. 
“Our...wha-?”
“Does our beauty need a bath? We can have a milk bath prepared for our-” before he even finished this sentence, he was already clapping his hands as though to summon the waiter. 
“Gentleman!”
But it was too late: a team of six Drawan laborers were already running forth holding a golden bathtub filled with milk. “That was quick!” the music producer remarked with glee. He was peeking over their shoulder, “All we need now is a proper camera. I don’t think my device will do. Also, that one on the middle right looks a good cut for this evening’s steak!” He clapped his hands once again.
Ottoman, who seemed to be struggling to get a word in edgewise, all this time, finally barked out, “Thank you, gentlemen! We really must be on our way!” 

IV. 

Now, back in the gondola and reflecting on this moment, Didi found herself marveling at how much, even in this advanced age, society (in general) and industry (in particular) found itself structured in a similar fashion to the civilizations that flourished amidst Bronze Age serfdom. Maybe it was the laborers carrying the golden bathtub her way that drove it all home. It was not so much the fruit pickers and coders, who, for the most part, seemed to equally contribute to the baseline humanistic needs (whether based in nutrition or foundational social requirements) of a global technocratic society. It was those slaves of service that still held luxury up like an idol over their heads.
Her attention fell again upon the men around her. She had ventured on this speculation chiefly because she suspected that these men were leading her and Ottoman into a trap of some kind. Of course, this may not have been a sensible notion, but, all the same, there was no harm in mentally preparing for some factor to thwart their expectations; it would certainly not be the first time that this had happened today.
It was hard to imagine that only this morning, she had been in the presence of Bunnu in that cabin. Had that been Bunnu? The information (or disinformation) that she had received from Motiwala and his men seemed to indicate otherwise. If the best they could do in all these months and years of searching was uncover a series of imposters, it seemed almost pointless to continue on with this search.  And wherever it was that they were going, she hoped now that there would finally be some clarity, some modicum of resolution to this endless series of disappointments and charades.
She wondered silently how long it would take to get to the airport. As though to set her worries at ease, a spiral of whimsy reached her again from the river carriage behind them. “Oooh…” marveled the bright-eyed Mädchen, “I’d never thought of it that way!” 
“Well, yes!” the bright-eyed guru continued, “Now, we can’t have the iconoclasts like Malicious Tony Kebab to look upon anymore for sources of insight. Perhaps, that model of dissection worked in the days of the Thought Station, when institutions required a healthy dose of purgation in order to keep them honest. I mean, we are talking about the days of tyrants and oligarchs, none of whom we see very much of now. Now, in the presence of a robust civil society, a Republic founded upon balanced governments, and external parameters and benchmarks that are quantified and reported upon on a quarterly basis, those alarmist techniques have no place. The standalone philosophers need not be anarchists and polemicists; in fact, now, in the marketplace of ideas, such people are only yielded a platform when their ideas are well-branded and well-marketed to a mass audience. If they can gain an audience, establish a market presence, procure the services of an agent and have their ideas promoted through the most advanced techniques of search engine optimization and personalized acetylcholine tagging, then they should very well see the spread of their ideas. Once they have brand loyalty, they can say any contrarian thing they please—well, within certain parameters. The fact is, we can only measure the value of a philosopher’s ideas by how many people he reaches and, thereby, influences. Now, my self-help books have reached tens of millions and have been translated into more than 30 languages. I think it’s reasonable to say—uff...what is that ghastly noise? What are those?” There was the sound of small solid objects falling upon the boats and into the water. One of these objects fell into Didi’s lap and she screamed, and the screaming produced a squeal and a series of spasms from the object in question. It took a few moments to realize what it was.
It was a dying cicada.
The summer was coming to an end, and the cicadas were descending with one last frantic squeal of life yet unrealized. They had sensed a shift in the texture of air—a coalescence of heavy vapor and a preparation for its swift dispersal—and with this came a new electrostatic potential accompanied by fluctuations in temperatures that pumped waves of new molecules from the south swiftly in their direction. This flush of circulation brought with it a feverish urgency to take action before that window of opportunity closed. It was difficult to say what opportunity they sought, or if there was any aim at all to the aerial blitzkrieg that ensued. There was now a buzzing in all directions, a zipping and swooping downward into the faces of the passengers; the cicadas skimmed over surfaces and appendages to plop finally into the water and flail there helplessly, as though surprised by some foreign element, until they eventually drowned. They squealed in death throes and dove into the windows of the river carriage losing limbs and wings and dying instantly upon impact. Where had this swarm come from, and would they be followed by others? Alternatively, had other swarms chosen alternate locations to launch their suicide offensive? Or, maybe it wasn’t a coordinated attack at all, just a bundle of nerves on overload due to some chemical reaction within brought on by changes in air pressure and ion concentrations.
Admittedly, she felt a similar agitation within her. A similar frenzy for movement in the direction of a formless aim. What awaited them at the airport she did not know: it may have been one more step in the direction of finding the ‘real’ Bunnu, if, in fact, this remained possible. On the other hand, a trap could have been opening before them: there was no shortage of sleds to be drawn out in the dark, unseen fringes, no shortage of cannibals in the wildest reaches of the supply chain, wielding whips and blithely gnawing at the flavorless thighs of their slaves’ relatives, gleeful at the thrill of control and content in their ability to break the spirits of even the most resilient. To say the least, there were fates worse than death connected to her daily life, though oddly disconnected; and, beyond this, there were still, presumably, even fates that she lacked the imagination to anticipate. Fates that could easily befall her as they have befallen other invisible masses.
All the same, she remained impatient for their arrival: this stagnancy of anticipation was merely a distraction that needled needlessly.

V. 

Once they felt assured that the swarm had properly drowned and that the boats had traveled sufficiently down the canal, the conversation in the river carriage resumed. “All about sex, that! Or survival...boils down to the same thing really!”
“Hmmm...so...erm. You were saying that your books have been translated into 30 languages?”
“Over 30! Yes. And, at this point, it’s difficult to speculate how many people they have actually reached. I’m told that, in some countries, there has been some unsanctioned printing and digitization by pirate operations. There’s nothing we can do about the laxity of intellectual property rights in some areas.”
“What is your stance on intellectual property exactly?” the lady’s companion spoke up. He seemed to grinning as though this question should serve to back the guru into the corner. “It strikes me as a bit unseemly that ideas we seek to spread about the larger human condition need have a source. I can fathom the importance of branding in promoting the spread of these notions. At the same time, I would say that once the ideas have been spread, it seems reasonable to divorce oneself of any ego associated with them. Or, perhaps I am misunderstanding your stance on self-aggrandizement.”
“I’m afraid you’ve caught me at a time of day in which I’m terribly dim-witted. Would you care to repeat what you’d said? Or, perhaps, express it in simpler words?”
“Certainly,” the gentleman said before pausing to clear his throat. “It is a late hour and perhaps the drink has muddled my thinking somewhat. I merely meant to ask how it is that one is meant to embody these virtues of gratitude and humility toward others, while at the same time, giving undue importance to one’s aspirations to succeed in his work—in your case, in the spread of ideas—even if any effort to do so must come at the expense of the very people whom one seeks to honor above oneself. That is—one must either dupe or bait others into diverting attention away from whatever had hitherto fetched their fancy and in the direction of whatever is being sold. There’s a sales pitch to it, isn’t there? One has to be willing to make claims as to what would be in it for the prospective customer.”
“I must confess that I’m somewhat embarrassed, young man. Again, my mind must have gone somewhere else for a second, or maybe it’s the sound of the motor on this river carriage. Whatever it was, I have failed once again to catch your meaning. I would understand if you thought me daft.”
This produced a deep sigh. “This desire for love, this desire for attention. Does this mean anything at all?”
“This time I heard you, but again I fail to comprehend. Whose love and attention are we speaking of? Are you speaking of God or some other divine force or entity? The love of a parent? Of one’s peers?”
“I mean, ‘what could it all mean?’ Why does how we treat each other and ourselves now matter in the face of eternity? If I am kind or miserable or famous or have the attention of people whom I will never meet and who will, one day, just like me, meet their demise, why should it matter how I behaved, or what I achieved, or if I took a left turn rather than a right turn, or if I ate jellied eggs and scapegoat marmalade for breakfast instead of bacterial korma? And why should the social influence of any virtues you espouse matter any more than whether or not I ate jellied eggs for breakfast? Moreover, why should the legitimacy of one’s ideas be predicated upon this social influence? And anyway, why bother about these ideas at all if they constitute a mere subset of the many arbitrary permutations of ideas that could conceivably take shape and gain social influence—a process which, in and of itself, is, again, susceptible to both randomness and chance?”
“Ah! Yes! Yes, young man! These questions I understood. Were these your original questions or did they change over the course of your repeated rephrasings? If, indeed, I did you an injustice by asking you again and again to reiterate what you have said, thereby causing a perversion of your original intent, I apologize. If instead, I have unwittingly caused you to consider the matters pertaining to your questioning more deeply, thereby resulting in an opportunity for more robust inquiry, I am heartened but can only confess that this was not an intentional strategy on my part. There are some charlatans out there who would take credit for such happy accidents. But not myself.”
“Yes...well…” the man now said, somewhat at a loss.
“There was this maddening twat who, several centuries ago, used to go on and on about his specialized methodology of self-examination and consciousness expansion. I call him a ‘maddening twat’ because that’s what his contemporaries called him. They found him a persistent sap who bored anyone who would listen with his spiel about some technique or the other of meditation with which he was experimenting—lonesome spider sulk, crapflinger’s repose—what was the other? Enchanted Prancing? Something like that. Anyway, the bloke was an insufferable bore, and when people saw him walk into a room—a prayer room, a crowded public house, even a horse’s stable—there was a pronounced groan. ‘Not again! Not the Enchanted Prancing guy!’ He was known for his tendency to be long-winded and enter these infinite recursive loops in which he would express the same idea five or six times until what had once seemed unique and remarkable was soon whittled down to a banal redundancy. But fortunately for all, he never stayed in one place for overlong. He was, after all, a wanderer, and he would generally only stick around long enough to leave his mark and for people to hear his pedantic descriptions and be forced to watch his uninspiring demonstrations of his latest techniques. It got to a point where his reputation started to precede him before he even got to the next town on his itinerary. The residents there would even take the time to learn his techniques in advance so that they could adequately signal to him that they didn’t need to hear him talk about how great he was for coming up with these new methods. He would enter a room and, all of a sudden, you’d find five to ten people posed in different asanas in the hope of conveying to him that they had ‘already heard the spiel.’ Of course, they had not, but the technique had been passed on to them as a defense mechanism by messengers, relatives and friends from neighboring villages. Schoolchildren mimed the techniques jokingly when their teachers’ backs were turned, provoking laughs of derision. Yet, it wasn’t until governments in that region of the world started to mandate accreditation processes for organized faiths seeking a tax exemption status that the practices were adopted and given a bureaucratic home. I am told that it started with the Kaguya monks, whom, as you might know, were a highly bureaucratic order. The Orthodox Morellans inherited some of these practices from the parishes of monastic elders in the Morellan hinterlands who had already integrated them into daily rituals—well...this was years before the elders fomented their political takeover of the ecclesiastical epicenter of their faith. But that’s another matter entirely! At any rate, the real irony as it relates to the monk was that the asanas were eventually fused in with the formal rites of the homeland that had once expelled him and made of him a nomad. No one really knows what became of him. There are many names that we use to refer to him, depending on the official records of the faiths that have imbibed his practices. His name is also different in every language of the world. Even the story that I tell you now is but one version of many that I have received. There is no consistency of record, nothing in words that we can agree upon as true. However, a few variations aside, the practices that he passed on are more or less consistent across faiths and cultures. How can that be so? Why this selective fidelity?”
“Mmmm...yes. I see where you are going with this.”
“I won’t beat you over the head with the moral of this story. Let it suffice to say that names and brands might echo through the ages, but, even with our most advanced tools of inquiry and examination of historical record, we are left with selective approximations of what truly happened.”
This last statement jolted Didi out of her seat slightly. That sounded oddly similar to what General Motiwala had said in his letter. Could it be that this party was planted behind them intentionally so that she could be just within earshot of this sentiment? Was this meant to sow a subconscious seed? Then again, it could very well have been that this notion had already infected her so deeply that she now started to see and hear it everywhere she went. 

VI. 

A wave of dizziness swept over her suddenly. She was tired or overwhelmed. She couldn’t figure out which, or if it was both. Was it the rocking of the boat that was making her feel out of sorts, or was it chiefly the exhaustion of this long and draining day? 
She’d had a lot of stretched days like this in her life: ceaseless, wearisome days that only seemed to merge into the next; she couldn’t, once again, help but be reminded of that one interminable evening in Bahlia when she had first met Sanchez and accompanied him and his associates to the Aqua Pod. After that was the long carriage ride home with the Beastslayer followed by her endless conversation (her first true dialogue!) with Rakesh-7. All of that had happened in the same evening! So much had, in fact, happened on that day that she’d had no difficulty closing her eyes and drifting to sleep once her head hit the pillow. And then there was only the sounds of Bahlian cicadas gently fading from perception.
Yet, now she remembered that something peculiar happened next.
She woke up in her bed maybe 5 or 10 minutes later, her head in a flurry of thoughts. All running together and disorganized. She was nearly paralyzed with exhaustion; and yet, her heart was racing with a fury she had not experienced since those perilous days in Vasalla when she had had to live in constant fear of the male predators who sexualized and surrounded and advanced upon her. In that moment of restless anxiety, she called upon a tactic that she had often called upon on those sleepless nights in her Vasallan childhood—a kind of methodical process of categorizing experiences, an assiduous filing of thoughts and reactions and of nameless inklings into catalogs and files and drawers in her mind. And yet, in spite of these efforts, she found herself still awake and her mind abuzz with relentless questions that otherwise wouldn’t nag at her in the daylight. For a solid hour, she stared at the ceiling, drowning in the noise of days past, before she finally gave in and proceeded to greet that Bahlian sun rising before her. And soon, in memory, all that was to come after the palpable clarity of this dawn would blur together in a tangled chronology of relationships, events, dreams and disappointments. It would become difficult to tease out what and/or who came next and in what subsequent order specific events transpired. And perhaps, in the haze of retrospect, it didn’t matter. What came to be now was.
Now, back in the gondola, she snapped awake. 
Had she drifted off again? She felt now a kind of temporal motion sickness.
She realized now that she had been thinking about a day in her life from 22 decades previous. But the thought soon dispersed, and her mind moved into an uncertain grayness before making another split-second time leap back to that gated compound in the desert—the one that she and Ottoman had visited. In that moment, she remembered again the sustained vibration of everything within the confines of that corporate principality—the streets, tables, chairs, furniture, vending machines, even the rocks around the executive koi pond in whose surface one might behold an oscillation that called up to one, somehow in its pendular consistency, a specter of placidity. After some time, one got used to constant vibration, as though it were as interlaced with one’s sense of the stationary as the rotation of planets, the trajectory of galaxies, the collision of universes. She remembered them sitting there at the table of that restaurant with the music producer and the Director of Planning and Development. The glasses were vibrating and the water in the glasses was in a state of constant agitation, never once settling to what she had known before as ‘stillness,’ but finding some new adaptive conception of it—even the water here was subject to different expectations. There was also a sustained hum that, over time, one forgot: a noise that was, in fact, silence. She found out later what the source of that hum had been: there was a vast motor running under this fortified city. The native residents were all in sync with its rhythm from their first moments in the maternity ward of the health center to their final moments before ‘release’ in Section V-22, an area which no one spoke of at great length except for the expat entertainers and migrant workers who had built various strains of snarky mysticism around it. Resentful though they may have been, the migrants, of course, got used to the hum and the vibration of this place, and were rarely reminded of it until they left for some period of time and then returned.
Why was she thinking about this now? It was just a momentary recollection. She tried to stop her mind, but now something else was coming back to her from that visit. It happened as they were getting ready to leave. Their car was being brought around to the front from the valet parking lot. They stood in the cool artificial air, looking into the deep artificial sky, their eyes seeking out the exhaust fans that sat painted black between projected stars. “Do you feel complicit?” Ottoman suddenly asked her. He seemed to be taking care not to have his words overheard by the others. 
“In what sense?” she whispered back.
“This necessary cruelty that has allowed us to live unnaturally long lives,” he replied frankly. “I made my peace with it long ago—or at least I thought I did—because I did what I had to in order to survive.” 
“Do we need to talk about this now?”
Ottoman looked downtrodden by this reaction. “I suppose not. No…” He said thoughtfully, before adding, “It’s just that I never really thought much about the consequences of my actions at the time. When I was younger. It was just about getting by, but now I wonder. And I wonder now if in your situation—if you knew how your actions came to affect others.”
“What do you mean?” Didi felt a sourness descending.
 “Well…I-I imagine there were some tough customers you had to deal with back in your early days in Vasalla—back when you had to fend for yourself.” Didi said nothing and sighed. Ottoman took this as an invitation for his sympathy. He continued, “Sometimes you probably had to deflect attention away from yourself and someone else bore the brunt of it. From what you tell me, you-”
“I did what I had to, OK? As you know…” she said to him curtly.
He jumped at this.
“Sorry…” And then, he added with a maddening persistence, “But I’m not talking about then. And I’m not trying to dredge up any painful memories. It’s just that we’ve talked about so much of it, and I’m guessing there’s still a lot that you still haven’t told me. Which is fine! A lot of cruelty that you faced, a lot that you had to rationalize in your own mind. It’s the sort that shapes within us certain zero-sum—us or them—survivalist tendencies.” He paused for a moment and thought about what he’d said before shaking his head. “Perhaps, I’m not explaining this well…” 
She shrugged her shoulders. Her past: there wasn’t much to it actually. Ottoman knew about the violence, the terminated pregnancies, the vicious attacks from men who, once away from the lures of objectification, would return to being perfectly ‘decent’ human beings. She never thought about it much now and was only reminded of it when some ignoramus or the other asked her why she’d never had children. This was not the direction in which Ottoman was heading, most certainly, but she found it peculiar, all the same, that he felt the need to bring up her childhood and cast it into juxtaposition with his own. And to hint that there was an inherent cruelty to their drives for survivalism, that was just... “So, what are you asking then?” she heard herself say distantly.
“OK. Forget about the past. Forget I mentioned that at all,” said Ottoman, holding up a conciliatory hand, “Let’s just look at the here and now. I mean, now we live in comparable comfort to those early years. Even compared to our younger selves, no? And we live abnormally long lives as well. We have food and medicines because we are OK with the mutilation of species, the testing of drugs on animals and the perpetuation of industries that bring better living to some through the continued economic suppression of others—through a life of servitude that props up the whole asymmetric system. We have to be OK with that even if we aren’t. We almost have to convince ourselves that we have done something to deserve being ‘winners’ while others will remain as ‘losers.’ And, of course, we have to rationalize to ourselves why it’s OK to see ourselves in that light with respect to others, even if it isn’t. Even if the sacrifice of so many living and moving entities and non-entities for the sake of our comfort and convenience grates against our ‘finer sensibilities.’ We have to make ourselves OK with it!”
“Is this only occurring to you now? Why this sudden pang of guilt? You must surely have understood, as an Untouchable—even before that!—the fundamental importance of embracing an ‘us or them’ mentality. If you hadn’t, you would have starved. If I hadn’t, I might have been murdered by some drunk wanker. Of course, we have to be OK with it. Being OK with it has allowed us survive and to enjoy a slightly better life. That’s not to say that we deserve it, but we were only reacting to our situation at that time as best as we could.”
“Yes, but I never thought about it then. I never had the luxury to and now I want to be different. If we can be, shouldn’t we be?”
Didi sighed at this. She admired this desire on his part, but was equally exhausted by it.
“I suppose so…” she said slowly. “But whether or not you think about it that way depends very much upon where you are situated within these complex dynamics. No? We have the luxury of a different vantage point now. Why are you looking at me that way? You don’t think it’s all just a matter of perspective? Of position?”
“Yes...maybe you’re right. It is. But, for some reason, this place makes me think about it all even more. About our own predations and the victims we’ve created both wittingly and unwittingly. That didn’t matter before because we were always reacting to our situation—well, we were inside the situation really, as you noted—but now we have the opportunity to somehow view the whole process as outsiders.”
Didi nodded quietly. Where was that car? More than anything, she wanted to get both out of this place and out of this conversation.
“Well, yes,” she finally conceded, looking both ways into the darkness. Her eyes, then, fell again on the waiting Ottoman, “…and we are able to see what we see because it is all the more visible to us here in the compound. It is apparent all around us: exploitation juxtaposed with excess. This surrounded artificiality built upon a platform of exploitation and cruelty-“
“Yes, well-“
“-you and I know what it feels like on both ends, but not everyone does—“
“-and I think that’s wholly-“ Ottoman tried in vain to get a word in.
“-especially not those who’ve been in sync with the vibration all their lives. And perhaps that’s why we feel more uncomfortable by it—because we are aware that there are multiple sides to this equation and we feel guilty as beneficiaries in this skewed equilibrium.”
Ottoman shoulders slumped.
“I don’t know how anyone can feel comfortable here,” he said after a brief pause.
“I imagine you’d get used to it if you were here long enough. It’s a different sort of comfort.”
“I wouldn’t want to get used to it. I wouldn’t wa-” he suddenly fell silent.
“What is it?”
“I-I was about...to say that ‘I wouldn’t want to be that person.’ But it’s too late. How does one reconcile oneself with that? How does one reimburse that cost? I mean, with each breath, do we not breathe into this world greater injustice? How does one stomach the thought of living for another moment just knowing that-”
“Yes, I get it,” she said in a disconsolate tone. She had grown utterly bored of this dialogue. “And yes, short of killing ourselves in a grand gesture of solidarity with those we’ve wronged, we simply have to make peace with the idea that we will go on living even if every breath of ours is an affront to ‘the other.’”
“Yes, but-” 
“But nothing. Let’s just get out of here.” 
The car pulled up and they rushed to enter, before pulling away hastily under bands of shadow interrupted by fluorescent streetlights. 

VII. 

Ottoman remained sulky throughout the entire car ride back to the gates of the compound. Naturally, this led Didi to wonder whether her cocksure dismissiveness towards his concerns had been a step too far. Be it a bout of escapism or an obdurate intellectual laziness, she found herself simply unable to think about what dire consequences her continued existence had upon the survival of ‘the other,’ which was not to say that she believed that the particles she owned (or borrowed) had a greater inherent importance than that of other particles around her, but rather that she only had it in her to see to the needs of the particles most immediate to her. Still, Ottoman’s silent treatment drew up in her a momentary guilt. He had a point, and there was no doubt that what he had said rose out of his deepest sense of compassion—something that he was better at showing than she. He had always been a bit more sentimental than she was, though he probably didn’t see himself in that way. 
In any case, remembering the whole matter now in the gondola and after having read everything Motiwala had had to say in his letter, she couldn’t help but feel a certain vindication. Ottoman was kind for considering at whose expense their lifestyle of relative comfort sustained itself, but it was quite possible that all this concern for the structure of hierarchical systems was simply a drop in a much larger bucket of randomness. Maybe these system dynamics mattered and maybe they didn’t. The two of them could only live in this moment and take it for what it was. If there was a chance to avoid this endless self-recrimination and aspire to be happy, maybe it was their right to take it.
As though to confirm the utter mootness of this point, her thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the continuation of the dialogue in the river carriage: “But how does one make sense of all this lunacy if we are constantly distracted by all these attention-seeking prophets trying to make a name for themselves? How can we feel that what we are being told is legitimate? It’s disingenuous.”
“But I’m telling you as it is now, am I not?” retorted the self-help guru with cryptic aplomb, “Would it not be more disingenuous for me to pretend that the social influence of an idea was not governed by market forces? That, in the absence of a robust marketing agenda, the noise wouldn’t somehow drown a good idea out with something more mediocre: plainer, albeit of unquestionable popularity—something likely that would indulge our lesser inclinations? There is no shortage of illuminating notions that have failed to take off because the person or persons who discovered them did not see the value of promoting them using the best press agents, algorithms and conversion rate optimization techniques available.”
“Yes, but do your ideas not get watered down somewhat in the process of seeking a broader audience?”
“I’m afraid I do not understand the question. As I said, we are not putting out something mediocre that serves to gratify the most banal instincts of our audience. I speak of something more edifying to which we can all aspire. I thought that we, as humans, shared a collective experience—every culture in the world can create community over the same gestures of altruism and goodwill. We seek, all of us, in our best moments, to be the best versions of ourselves possible. To be greater each than the part we comprise of that magnanimous whole. What I mean to say by all of this is that there are notions relating to the human condition that should apply to and move us all equally. Are you saying that this is not so?”
“It is a positive image you espouse, and yet I see in it a great optimism bias. But that’s not what I was venturing to say. All I wished to point out was that you can either go broad, or go deep. You simply cannot do both. The best one can hope to achieve through this would be a quick fix. Fast and cheap enlightenment. A lot of mindless ritual and mantras, but perhaps very little serious reflection, exploration and dissection of notions.”
“Just what is it you are saying, sir?” The strain started to show in the celebrated philosopher’s voice. His usually enthusiastic voice suddenly grew somewhat sullen in tone. There was a new whiff of detached formality to him as though it was only this veneer of politeness and nothing more that could now prevent him from tearing the face of his detractor to shreds.
“At the risk of sounding Malicious Tonian, I stand by the premise that we must provoke rather than placate our audience, condemn the will to power and castigate our most celebrated notions if there is-”
“Humor me, if you would. Which of my ideas do you find watered down? Perhaps, you would have liked more grandiloquent sentences and abstruse constructions of theory. Did my book use too many popular culture references for your liking? And maybe you disliked the color photographs and the one-minute mantras.”
“Well, yes, actually. I felt that the meat had been stripped from the bone, but that’s only a part of it. I’ll be honest. I read your early books and saw something beautiful in them—a unique insight. There was a thread of humility, but also an awe at the larger picture. The only thing that ruins those beautiful ideas is the fact that you kept writing after you gained popularity.”
“There is ego in everything. I have been forthcoming about this. We cannot deprive even our best intentions of that layer of self-regard, of the need for acknowledgement from others that what one has done is meaningful and noteworthy. Some might call this an insecurity, but I understand this to be the very foundation of a constructive society: mutual affirmation.”
“Oooh...I like that idea!” squealed a new woman who was just out of Didi’s line of sight. 
The male detractor seemed to ponder this for a moment, before saying, “Yes...well. I am not sure why. Something about all this strikes me as smoke and mirrors. I’m not a religious type, me. And I don’t wish you to feel that I am disrespecting your beliefs-”
“My beliefs,” the self-help guru retorted with a kind of hollow amusement. He laughed heartily, albeit with a certain air of contempt, “My young companion, we need not worry ourselves over beliefs. It is an exploration that is unique to each of us, is it not? You confuse me with a man of stoic principles. Perhaps you think I do not delight in art or music or dancing or even in what we call ‘temptations,’ which are not temptations at all, but the simple allure of a phenomenon appealing to our sense of aesthetics.” His eyes fell upon the man’s lady friend and suddenly there was a pregnant pause as if something had surreptitiously passed between them. “Let us just say that my principles have their spiritual foundations in the religious traditions of the Morellans and others like them; yet, commonalities in virtue and practice have been identified in other religious traditions as well—even those obscure few that operated in small remote tribes cut off from our interdependent social and cultural systems. I have found these commonalities with regard to the human condition rather fascinating—how is it that these could have bubbled to the surface in different regions and along the trajectories of disparate traditions that had evolved independently of one another—save for their common heritage rooted in those ancestral clans of nomadic tradesmen and herders? We might intuit that the roots of spirituality arise out of the situational incentives that fuel the construction of more sophisticated and labor-efficient social systems—although many philosophers find this systems-manifested view of religiosity profane and immensely reductive. At any rate, my field work and speculation have allowed me to distill from my disparate sources of study more secular tools of exploration, meditation and reflection. Again, though, we need not get mired in the idea of faith or supplication to a higher power. This negates the necessity of the immoderate guilt we see in many faiths. We need not feel any more shame.” His eyes fell again upon the woman.
The detractor turned to his companion, who had now come into full view, and there was a flush of sudden nervousness from her which made her fingers move from the braids of her hair to the strap of her velvet dungarees. “It-It’s a beautiful night,” was all she could find to say. Didi looked at her and wondered if she had anything more to say, or if she felt confined in that tight space by the inflated egos around her. It was like the men bounced up against each other, each wearing his own inner tube. There was little room to maneuver with all that pushing about and so all she could do was bounce away from them while they bounced off each other and mindlessly acknowledge what they’d said. It was a defense mechanism Didi knew too well, for she had seen what sort of provocation the bruise of a man’s ego could provoke. There was an irrational rage that came with it. Suddenly, she wanted to jump onto that boat and throw the men overboard.
“A beautiful night, yes!” the guru’s voice swelled. “A majestic night, wouldn’t you say, my darling? I hope you do not mind my calling you that. I do so not in a way that is meant to embarrass. As you can see, I am a man many years older, so I feel something of a fatherly affection. An uncle, you can consider me an uncle.”
Her male companion shook his head in silent amusement at this. “You really have a problem, my friend.”
“For enjoying the pleasant evening? My young friend, you assail me repeatedly with your unjust criticisms, but I am not alarmed by this impetuousness. I do not seek to embarrass you either, so I shall say no more. Perhaps, there is even something I can learn from this. It is possible that I am mistaken in my reactions to you, and I am willing to acknowledge this. You see, it is an ongoing process. We must recognize our fallibility. Therefore, if I have unwittingly done you an injustice, I must apologize.”
“That’s very big of you,” the young man said bitterly.
“Mmm...but we shall forget such trifles and reflect instead on this moment. Shall we not? The very moment we bask in now! Let us breathe in its resplendence and take the time to feel each sensation individually. What shall they say about this moment if there is anything to say at all? And not just this moment we experience, but this period of history. What shall they say about it? And tracing this vast arc to 10,000 years from now, what will matter of all of this? Will it be what we take now as trivial—that faint aroma of petrichor, perhaps—but what, by their archivists, by their categories of prominence, they take to be as quintessential of this holy now? The herald of a cleansing rain, perhaps! How will this story be told and will it do these fleeting seconds justice? Will it betray what we know as now, or will it indeed be truer to the experience of now-then than now-now?”
This musing prompted a peculiar reaction from the gondolier, who ceased his rowing. He peered over his shoulder: “Sheep flesh should do as a book cover for our anthology of ‘The Present Continuous,’ but the paper will decay and crumble over time even in the driest of libraries. I reckon it’d be relegated, then, to the past perfect continuous. Ha! Sadly sadly sadly...” he offered that last part shaking his head in a sober tone before erupting into a gravelly cackle. All the guests in the river carriage appeared at the window and directed their attention toward him. The passengers of the gondola also turned their heads to face him.
He guffawed sharply when confronted by all the dumbfounded glares and continued sotto voce: “Records encoded as electronic data will flicker and fade with time as well. Even with an endless supply of renewable power sources, a solar flare can erase every trace of human existence rendered and stored electronically. We can carve it as scripture into mountains but we should carve also a series of other texts using similar codifications so that reference points can be established by extraterrestrial linguists, assuming, of course, that the mountains do not end up being swallowed by oceans, blanketed by molten lava, cracked by earthquakes or otherwise disassembled by continental drift.”
The man seemed to know what he was talking about! “Used to be an archivist, ‘im!” the B&B manager suddenly whispered to Didi. He pointed to an illuminated tablet display, “I just looked up his professional profile online. Have heard a lot of former librarians found themselves out of jobs in recent years. Public transport pays better anyway! Especially the booming Gondola racket! Don’t even need to undergo the apprenticeships, intensive training and licensing procedures of yesteryear.”
Didi imagined the gondolier muttering to himself in that raspy voice of his in a darkened archive on a forgotten sub-floor of a library, in a large echoing chamber with endless rows of dimly-lit stacks, chiming proximal phalanges together whilst fluttering through filing cards that sorted records by person, topic, year and medium. He had to be the most cacophonous archivist in any library; yet, he seemed to know something about information storage, retrieval, encryption and decryption.
“In the past,” he continued, “it was the nuncupative legal declarations, the oral scriptures and tympanic hymns which got lost in the passing of information down the chain from the clerics to their disciples and eventually to the official scribes of many a clan. Once you got a hearing-impaired or tone-deaf disciple somewhere in that chain of transmission, a good portion of source code would end up getting lost—to say nothing of that bloke with a speech impediment, someone with a lisp or a stutter. Or, the one who had imbibed a little too much of the Divine Nectar and fried his short-term memory in the process: that last bugger was the worst of the lot as he would forget whole passages at a go, or even trail off in his recitation after the second stanza with nothing more to add. Needless to say, it was an imperfect system of passing on the word of elders and ancestors. And so, before writing became a more prominent mode of transmission within advanced civilizations, we had to deal with a substantial amount of signal loss—we, in the field, refer to this as ‘spillage.’ For example, according to our estimates, a legal document passed down by oral recitation through a chain of 100 disciples would experience an average of 28% spillage. And this figure would not include the average 37% of remaining code that, we presume, would have undergone substantial alteration—this, we call ‘signal contamination.’ Not as catchy a term, mind you! Anyway, at best, you have roughly 45% that remains the same—or more or less the same—but without the other 55%, it’s hard to say whether or not we are fundamentally working with the same source code. Imagine changing 55% of your DNA—surely, if such a thing were possible, whatever you once were will have met its demise and you would only come to know yourself as this new thing which bears no physical or metaphysical resemblance to the so-called ‘original.’ So, passing down any source code by word-of-mouth was, more or less, a non-starter. Well, it was and it wasn’t actually.  
“By contrast, there were some civilizations in which the written word originated before the spoken word—technologically advanced societies with codes of law and administration that surpassed the level of sophistication of even their most developed contemporaries. Artisans, mathematicians and engineers of the Silent Era flourished in these cultures of abundant notation. However, these sorts of societies suffered from a different affliction from those whose spoken word preceded their written word: there was a lack of vigor, a stunted vibrancy to their cultural and spiritual rites. For all their visual, semantic and asemic aptitude, they were cultures of monotone semi-mutes—and not monotone in the deep and penetrating way one would envision in the delivery of chants and mantras. I mean to say that they were lacking even in the ability to hum a single scale. They maintained a very limited range of vocal pitches—I would say that most of them hovered between a middle ‘C’ and an ‘E-flat’ within the same octave. And this would have been at their most flamboyant. Thus, without the sensational bravado of music, the tragicomedy of dramatic vocal theater or the all-consuming reverberations of gongs, didgeridoos, mantras and hymns, one could say that they were of similarly restrained passions, of diminished charge with respect to that undulating pulse of human spirituality, rhythm and community—although they were, indeed, deeply intuitive beings with intricate constructions of internal logic, transcending the lexical and the visual, embedded, one might say, in that negative space of subtextual pauses and omissions that we may never come to understand. They were not completely incapable of speaking; yet, they had acquired very little mastery over their vocal cords and, over generations of disuse, their larynxes had atrophied somewhat. They were also very poor listeners, though this did not mean in the slightest that they suffered from any sort of hearing impairment. Listening is a skill that requires practice and effort in deciphering an aural signal, as you know. However, in these semi-vocal societies, listening is not fostered or incentivized in the same way as in societies with stronger oral and musical traditions. And so, it should come as no surprise that there were few group interludes—non-sexual, at least—that could facilitate the nurturing of community bonds. In spite of their significant scientific, architectural and aesthetic achievements, these poor souls were easily wiped off the face of the planet by lesser savages who had refined their practices in the science of morale-making. With their well-timed marching drums and rallying cries, the Sonant Simpletons vanquished these Stately Scribes. Anyhow, let’s not concern ourselves with these joyless, extinct oddities and get back to the civilizations with oral traditions—the ones that lasted, the ones from which we all descended.
“So...once the Sonant Simpletons embraced writing, one would assume that there should be much less spillage of source code. Unfortunately, this was simply not the case. Just because it became possible to transcribe what was meant to be passed down through oral codes did not mean that one had the means to do so with reliability. After all, much gets lost in the process of adapting something from one medium to another: especially when changes in volume, pitch, cadence and harmony hold their own prescribed meanings and one’s means of transcription yet lacks the sufficient iconography for what we might now refer to as ‘crescendos,’ ‘staccatos,’ ‘rests’ or ‘slurs.’ Therefore, the transliteration of aural codes to stone and then to paper served to detract from the fidelity of any legal documents, accounting records, mathematical proofs, architectural blueprints or historical accounts that were originally meant to be spoken, chanted and/or sung. The notations simply carried the syllables and nothing more. Perhaps, at the time of their transcription, it was assumed that there would be little need for additional notation for much was already intuitive within these clans, and the people comprising them maintained a relatively static conception of themselves—in other words, they assumed that the intuitive understandings they held would remain fixed within their communities. People of that era could read those transcriptions and get enough of a sense of what was missing to fill in the gaps themselves, based on their shared experiences in ceremonies and from a consensus intuition forged within and throughout community life. In the face of such unity, it should only be natural to assume that this capability toward common inference would exist into perpetuity. Thus, there was no need for a ‘mezzoforte’ to be noted in transcription as its presence was already implied to all. Further, the rhythm of any scientific chant, mathematical mantra, historical ghazal or legalistic hymn was already painfully obvious to all within their communities without any need for additional notation—so much so, that the symbols representing time signature, sound dynamics or musical articulation required no concrete formulation. 
“And so, they didn’t know—at least before expanding outward and encountering other civilizations—what they needed to spell out or articulate explicitly for those external to their culture and time period. Why? Because it was the very air they breathed! They did not know the outside air well enough to explain in what ways their own should differ. Therefore, for outsiders to the culture—and even for modern descendants of it—the words in those ancient scrolls do not quite jump off the page and manifest their intended expression in the same manner as they once did in those early days. Moreover, in the absence of the shared understandings and common attitudes of that time period, modern scholars must now resort to a great deal of guesswork. Archivists, like myself, have been left to interpret these scrolls to the best of our abilities according to the schema of contemporary understandings and mores, knowing, in the process, that there exist deeper, contextual hints inaccessible to us in the source code: intuitive leaps, steeped in the indigenous collective experience, that are being lost in translation. The signals have been transferred, but their meanings have changed according to the collective understandings and contemporaneous values of their modern-day decryptors. And so, they have simply become transcribed signals and nothing more. My God—we are making so many mistakes in our decryption of them that it makes me want to cry! We have warped it all with our modern-day frameworks of meaning-making. And now there are whole wings that we have dedicated to their translations in our archives, but I would just as soon burn those stacks to the ground, for they now encode nothing of the original. We betray the authenticity of their experience and their derivations of meaning by relying only on present assumptions!”
There was more silence. Even the self-help guru appeared curious about what he would say next.
“And what will ‘they’ say about now, you ask! Now!” he seemed to be growling this at the self-help guru. “Ha! As you say, it is a question of the ‘now-now’ versus the yet-to-be-conceived ‘now-then.’ Perhaps, ‘they’ too will come to betray the authenticity of our experience—if, indeed, there is an authenticity for them to betray. What I mean to say is that we find ourselves unlikely to isolate a plausible conception of the ‘now-now.’ And when we attempt to do so, we are soon able to see that it is incomplete or otherwise partitioned away from the larger whole. So, try as we might to draw comparisons between the future’s betrayal of present and the present’s betrayal of past, we cannot help but note that the present’s betrayal of present is already an anathema with which we must first contend. And this is simply because we have already become agents in our own undoing. Every time we firm up some meaning we deem critical to the extemporaneous zeitgeist, it is quickly undone by some other factor, distraction or diversion we had not previously anticipated or considered. We used to take the moon as a constant, for example. Now, there are some that insist that there are two. And, to be honest, I am not sure it would be reasonable to dismiss such a notion. It is not at all now the way things were before. In the past, they had an easier time of building consensus around meaning. And even if it was false meaning, even if it was merely an imperfect signal that came to be lost over time, they still had something to work with initially. As for us, we cannot, even in this moment, quite agree upon those elements of our reality we should otherwise have taken as constant. 
“This naked moment may well be apprehended with greater acuity in retrospect, but how can we know if what we view in hindsight will ever have truly been? The uncertainty of it is frightening—but maybe, at the same time, we need not look upon it as a crisis of the human condition. Assimilating this irresoluteness may indeed be our greatest capacity. To live in this perpetual bewilderment and without respite is to be honest, even genuine, with oneself. Perhaps we must embrace the disinterested nature of our anxiety even if we know that it is contrastingly woven from competing threads of self-interest. It is sad that we cannot trust what our senses tell us, trust the information we are given. Or maybe it is beautiful if you see an aesthetic to the indecipherable, to the very thought that even the tiniest shard of logic may pierce at us whilst yet eluding us. 
“At any rate, however we look upon it, it is crucial that we comprehend that every new fact primed for our absorption has traversed the sorting gauntlets of processing organizations and likely reached us at the behest of some interested party who would profit from its framing and dissemination. And so, knowing what bits to trust and which to doubt is far more difficult now than it ever was before with the multiplicity of tools for record-keeping and interwoven modes of transmission at our command. Production values have also smoothed away the rough edges of ontological experience to the point that we are more likely to take the most polished slabs of meaning to be the actual whilst ignoring the jagged and the contradictory. We like our facts simple, after all, and unbesmirched by paradox. What confounds matters further is that these polished slabs are promoted as pearls of fact across a variety of outlets by certain celebrities and opinion leaders who receive financial compensation for their endorsement. All of this leads to a kind of preference among consumers of information—the sort of preference one might hold for a smooth gem over its abrasive rival. After all, try to keep a ragged old pebble in your pocket and call it a pearl! Ha! Not a texture of truth you’d fancy—but I digress! 
“Certainly, there is a greater abundance than ever before of written and spoken accounts available, which, in spite of the sheer chaos it portends, allows for more structured analyses of what is happening triangulated from disparate points of view. I am heartened by this, but also must reconcile myself with the persistent contradictions, for in spite of our advanced methods of consolidation and analysis of massive data sets, there are numerous issues that arise on a variety of levels. 
“The first issue is that of information redacted. As you know, we are in our 10th year of the enactment of legislation in the Republic regarding the ‘right to be forgotten.’ Thus far, there have already been hundreds of thousands of citizens who have voluntarily had all record of their existences eradicated, thereby skewing the collective narrative or creating new gaps in the data that we can no longer reconcile. There was even a prominent Senator—you might vaguely remember of whom I speak, though you’ll find no record of him now!—a Senator, whose accomplishments were so numerous and ego so formidable that he had the likeness of his own face carved into the five mountain peaks surrounding his provincial seat. However, in his declining years, he grew increasingly reclusive and numerous documents were issued from his personal office bearing his signature in shaky letters. Apparently, he had a neurological disorder, which, some have suggested, could have impaired his judgment. Nevertheless, one of the legal documents issued from his office was a ‘request for redaction’ which was honored in full once he passed away. You will find that all legal records, all documents he signed, every bill he proposed and every speech he made have now been redacted, removed or incinerated completely. Even his likenesses on the mountains were detonated and replaced with the Seal of the Republic. For an archivist, this is a serious matter: historians in the future will now have an altered record of what actually occurred on the policy level during his tenure. They will never know of his social, political or cultural influence. They will never know even why some wars were started and over what. They will have some ideas that they can piece together from available public records, but the present records will have been mindfully cut, the rough edges sanded away and polished over in such a manner that they will never know the true shape of the events they are analyzing. 
“It gets even more complex when you look at a second issue that has cropped up: falsification of evidence, accounts and records. I have heard theories that this Senator, who shall remain nameless, had never even laid eyes on the ‘request for redaction’ that his office issued. In fact, it did not matter whether he was of sound mind or not, for the document had been fabricated by a political opponent seeking to undo his legacy in favor of promoting his own agenda. We now have advanced tools for fabricating documentation, identities, personalities and events, and the master forgers who make use of these tools render it nearly impossible to parse the genuine articles out from well-crafted fallacy. They are able, thereby, to counterfeit the currency of information.”
“Ooh...how fascinating! Did you know about all this, Guru-ji?”
“Yes, most certainly. It is indeed interesting, my darling, to hear an archivist so colorfully echo many of the sentiments and concerns I had already voiced in my books, lectures and public interviews. I dare say that he has either read my work, or been exposed to its influence by means of some alternate source. I must declare myself as guilty, then, as that annoying monk of old. The one who spread those asanas from village to village; the one whose name is now unknown. I would even hazard that-” The guru was suddenly interrupted by the blast of the river carriage’s horn.
“Get on with it then!” the beefy old carriage driver barked in a gruff tone at the old archivist as he motioned impatiently toward the widening gap that stood between the gondola and the boat in front of it. Traffic was beginning to move again.
The gondolier half-heartedly pushed the watercraft a mere five boat-lengths forward before leaning again upon the oar and launching back into his subroutine, “We see similar counterfeiting of information on a daily basis. There are even nationless communities and rival civilizations who thrive at the perpetuation of mistruths within the Republic, and so disinformation has become a pervasive weight against the resiliency of our archive systems. To be sure, we maintain in the Republic no shortage of National Archive brick and mortar facilities complete with paper copies of original documents; yet, now and again, a fire will break out, or a stack of documents will go missing and the records of who last accessed them are either falsified or wiped clean. And so, we must rely upon the digitally scanned copies which are to be reprinted from the database and filed back into the appropriate folders, drawers, rows, rooms, wings, buildings and branches of the archives. Unfortunately, these digital documents can also be corrupted by external cyberattacks and each scanned copy replaced with some other that has been mindfully altered so that it contains some minute revision which no one would otherwise notice on first glance, but which is often rather crippling to the perpetuation of systems and even to the very fabric of civilized governance itself. Through a series of such revisions, legal precedents soon come to be overturned, passed legislation suddenly contains new sub-articles and amendments never before seen, and approved budget proposals from years past now siphon funding away from elderly care services and reallocate it to some new social initiative related to turkey seduction. Needless to say that there is no shortage of anarchists and troublemakers who seek to upend the fabric of society by infecting the legalistic and cultural codes underpinning its systems with strings of junk sequence. This will toward systemic destruction, perchance, serves to explain how it is that ‘Pterodactyl Vomitface’ came to be the official honorific title for the Majority Party leader in the Senate. Someone had gained access to and replaced the scans of our founding documents with forgeries. They had also performed an extensive search of all subsequent documents referring to these originals and created a ‘find and replace’ search algorithm, whereby they could locate any string of characters and permanently supplant it with a desired substitute—in this case, ‘Secretary General’ of the Senate became ‘Pterodactyl Vomitface’ of the Senate. Juvenile—most certainly! Still, it was a clever feat of cunning, especially since no one in the Senate, despite knowing better, would speak up about correcting the displaced script. Why wouldn’t they speak up? Well, it was all a bit embarrassing, it seemed. Despite, in their formative years, having been assigned by their schoolteachers to read all the founding documents in civics and social studies classes, they had managed to make it through school without having actually done so. Some cheated on tests while others simply read the documents superficially. Admittedly, the old scrolls are rather boring, so who among us can blame them? Still, I suppose it’s reasonable to hold them to a higher standard. After all, many of them went on to obtain political science and public policy degrees. Some of them even came to be hailed as experts in constitutional law. In fact, they had never actually read the founding documents, even though they carried themselves as having done so throughout their careers. And so, when the cyberattack occurred, these ‘experts’ did not know the details well enough to announce definitively that something was amiss. And even if they suspected so, they could not be called upon to correct the error, so it was collectively—and tacitly—decided that it was best that they keep their mouths shut and pretend that nothing at all had occurred. At the very least, it would spare them any undue embarrassment. Thus, they withheld commentary for fear of being called out as charlatans, or otherwise labeled as foolish. And so the revisions have remained in place and names like ‘Pterodactyl Vomitface’ have stuck—you should listen in on a session sometime. You’ll hear that oppressive pause before or after a Senator addresses his superior with that ridiculous title and sense that weight of collusion as all eyes in the chamber meet, noting, in that moment, that none of them are the legal scholars that they’ve proclaimed themselves to be. After all, no one politician could expose the vapidity of his rivals for fear of being exposed himself. All was for show, and the process of maintaining appearances, by pretending one was at the level of one’s peers, only served to demonstrate that no one had actually reached that venerated level of mastery that even the most honest of them proclaimed, thereby exposing an alarming pattern of fraudulence. None were experts, and all were charlatans! 
“It was a bit of a lark when the cyberattacks first happened actually—I mean, watching from afar, it was! We archivists had no shortage of laughs at all that transpired. I’m told that these politicians were flooded with phone calls, messages and visits by legal experts and constitutional scholars from academia who had a much firmer understanding of the founding documents right down to the letter. These scholars wished to implore the politicians to speak out and take a firm stand on the matter. After all, who in their right mind would let this mutation of their civil codes go unchecked? Certainly, to fail to take the appropriate action only emboldened those responsible for this contamination! Dismissed by the politicians, the academic experts took to appearing on radio and television, writing editorials and making impassioned radio broadcasts to the public. This, they thought, would compel the Senators to take action. Unfortunately for these guileless experts, the Senators were adept at the arts of distraction and evasion. The statesmen held high-profile galas with celebrities, rattled sabers against foreign enemies and leaked scandalous news items about their political rivals: all of this with the aim of diverting attention away from any speculation with regard to the corruption of a few legal documents. The legal scholars and constitutional experts, incredulous at being drowned out by the diversionary noise, pursued the Senators at their offices; however, the politicians were a step ahead. They disconnected phone lines, crept out of their offices through secret doors and corridors, and surrounded themselves with body doubles with whom they could easily switch identities and feel justified in their vast ignorance with regard to the founding documents. It was a security measure, they would say. Some even went so far as to claim that they felt threatened by certain fringe elements who had fallen under the sway of the ivory tower ideologues. I probably don’t need to tell you that the anti-intellectual argument always seems to have legs when it comes to the general public! Ha! Anyway, the academics, despondent at being rebuffed once again, made a bit more noise on the news programs, which the politicians, in a stunning—almost unheard of—display of multilateral cooperation, universally derided on television as cheap, pedantic pageantry. That was the master stroke actually! Ha! Eventually, the dust settled, and the revisions remained in place.
“It is an entertaining phenomenon, to be sure, and the mischievous side of me that delights in such poignant justice almost wishes to glorify in indelible cave paintings the exploits of these wiley mavericks who have infected the foundations of our interconnected social, economic and cultural systems, and who have managed to do so in a way that required no complex conspiracy or painstaking coordination of players, but rather the mere contamination of a set of electronic documents. But still I must remember that I am an archivist and that the integrity of historical records retains an inherent value to me: they are the only reliable foundations upon which we can seek to construct and share our understanding—even if these foundations are porous and our constructions unsound. 
“I feel no less disappointed as a member of this society, for to subvert our founding documents is to infect and ultimately cripple the social systems to which I am inclined to feel a sense of belonging. So, the question comes to mind: even if we are able to admire this irreverent style of reformation, who, among us, could possibly engage in such profound and caustic subversion? Who is behind all of this? I am almost inclined to think it would be an archivist not unlike myself, albeit one who has grown resentful of the recondite workings of our systems and possibly gone rogue. And why would he do this? Financial reasons mostly—many would pay a handsome sum for these assaults. But who and why? And who would employ a disgruntled archivist for a cyberattack? Hmmm...yes, perhaps not an archivist! An employer would seek a transplanter, not a sorter!
“Still, regardless of whom they hired to do the job, it is difficult not to wonder what would incentivize this undermining initiative. The possibilities are endless it seems. Before I went ‘freelance,’ I attended a seminar on information security. I learned that there were numerous parties who would benefit from these assaults on the public consciousness. These cyberattacks could be undertaken for the sake of propagating disinformation from rival foreign powers. Alternatively, they could be acts of domestic terrorism by individuals who are disenfranchised—whether by circumstance or choice—and who now revel in the thrill of their undermining influence. You might notice that, in either case, a short-term interest is being pursued in spite of the long-term damage these actions may cause. That, unfortunately, is the nature of the beast, for none of the parties who engage in this behavior need take accountability for the long-term repercussions. They are only seeking that momentary gain. Even if they, one day, come to feel the ripple effects of their actions, they will never connect the consequence they feel with that action they had taken ages earlier. I hope you will not judge these individuals too harshly without first considering in what ways you have unwittingly done the same. 
“At any rate, these attacks could be launched for the sake of gaining a temporary economic and political advantage—a public distraction from a swift land grab, for example. An obfuscation to justify a sudden devaluation in currency—that’s another gem! These motives are nothing new actually. The newer threat has nothing to do with shifts in tangible power. It is something deeper and more disturbing actually, for it amounts over time to an agitation of the collective consciousness. A reformulation of it. Yet, in the short term, it serves merely as a temporary source of relief from the harsh psychic wounds dealt in the formative years of certain disturbed individuals. There are those for whom this act of rebellion is a sole source of bittersweet satisfaction—a temporary thrill for those who have, all their lives, felt excluded from their peers: lonely and sad individuals who have only been able to find salvation through the embrace of online communities of similarly insecure and faceless associates willing to conspire together in a malicious display of common intellectual superiority over those that have spurned them. And how do they achieve this? By shattering the foundations of the very systems that have confined them all to irrelevancy! 
“These domestic terrorists are more like merry pranksters and cynical anarchists who play a game of sardonic oneupmanship by documenting their assaults on fact. They make documentaries of themselves wearing masks and using sophisticated codes and software to manipulate text, images, audio and video. They have even altered old video footage and transcripts of landmark speeches by civil rights leaders and human rights advocates so that these luminaries enter into these recursive infinite loops proclaiming, ‘We are the avatars, the neocortical uplink visages of paregoric pickles—simulations external to the brine!’ Well, that is just one example of one of their preferred mantras and you’ll see it inscribed everywhere in our society as a call to arms to those who wish to engage in blistering rejoinders to the proclamations of the establishment—to burn down the systems that have separated us and marginalized them. 
“There are other factions which are not as prankish. The Pestilential are a more sinister troupe, and they operate from an abandoned coal mine in a deserted village that met its demise through a mixture of Shadow Parasite and flame. Nobody knows very much about them. Some theorize that the Pestilential are actually the Shadow Parasites themselves seeking to drain institutions of their vitality as they had once drained physical lifeforms. What they have done is unique and somewhat shocking: their incursions have created whole new systems of shadow governance, commerce, industry and labor. The Shadow Republic has become a leech upon the middle back of the Republic—the leaders do not even know it is there, though it is in plain sight for their foreign counterparts and rivals. They have also hijacked our information dispersal tablets with what we call ‘subliminal flashes.’ These are flashes of light emitted from tablet displays at a frequency that induces a high level of agitation and sleeplessness in all subjects exposed to it. They seek to influence the brain chemistry of the audiences in order to induce an irrational hysteria, thereby rendering folks more susceptible to fear appeals and hyperbolic suggestion—appeals of comfort also have an impact, but they do not produce the desired behaviors as well as fear. Most advocates of this form of social control agree on this point.”
“It appears we have a conspiracy theorist in our midst.,” a new voice said. It came from the river carriage, but the face of the speaker was concealed, “A freelance archivist cum gondolier—a fine specimen indeed!”
The gondolier paid this no mind. He continued, “There are other factions as well seeking to alter documents and disrupt the fabric of Republic society. There are, as I mentioned, foreign powers who earmark undisclosed sums from taxpayer revenue toward the manufacture and perpetuation of discord. I visited one of their facilities once as part of a team of visiting archivists. Their facility was separated into divisions, and each team, consisting of 5 to 15 members, occupied a small office not much larger than this gondola. They constructed reality as one might a product on a four-stage assembly line. 
“The first stage involves the Information Sifters, who skim through entertainment, news and personal transmissions for pervasive content. They devise algorithms for data capture across swathes of demographic and psychographic types. For example, they are able to make nuanced analyses by controlling for factors such as income percentile and relative degree of fascination with amphibian poodles. They also collect data on the physiological responses of audiences to stimuli through the biofeedback monitorings performed upon a stratified random sample of experimental subjects—I’ll not get into the nuts and bolts of the data collection methodology for that component just now: let it suffice to say that it’s all rather oppressive and necessarily invasive. Violent even! In any event, analyses of these data would allow the Sifters to infer, for example, that for amphibian poodle enthusiasts in the 65th percentile of household income, each one percentage point increase in relative humidity would correspond with a 0.5-second increase in response time to a written passage, or a 1.2-second decrease in response time to stimuli presented via video. This might suggest that video should be the preferable mode of transmission for evoking an urgent emotional response from this target subgroup during the muggiest days of the rainy season. In line with this, if they are able to observe that stronger emotions on average would be experienced among those in this subgroup exposed to negative stimuli by video, in comparison with those exposed to positive stimuli, they might safely infer that this speaks to the greater effectiveness of negative appeals—the urgency of fear appeals perhaps. Moreover, if the subsequent purchasing of brand products is 0.4 percentage points higher among those in this group experiencing negative versus positive appeals via video, they could finally infer that a negative appeal presented over video would correspond with higher rates of brand awareness and consumption. The brand need not be a tangible product, of course—it could just as well be an intangible conception: an ideology, for example. 
“Nevertheless, it is a stepwise method of predictive analytics, and naturally, they cannot make causal assumptions, but can still note the relationship between these predictor and outcome variables and devise from these measured speculations. And, of course, these inferences would apply only to this subset of individuals, and still I am oversimplifying this example subset because there are numerous other sources of personal data available that would allow for a more nuanced segmentation of groups and types. At any rate, in addition to making these quantitative inferences, these Information Sifters gather the salient topics of the day and feed the aggregated data into what they call the ‘bone-cruncher.’ The cruncher creates 5 to 7 blurbs containing prevalent keyword and category types. Mostly these are complete nonsense, but we can know from these what words and terms are likely to garner attention among these targeted subgroups. An editor corrects the grammar and polishes these paragraphs a bit before passing them on to the staff members in charge of the second stage of the assembly process: the shaman. 
“The shaman call upon some of the rites of old: they’ve done their research and can, thusly, see the value of marrying data with the intuitive mysticism of their forebears. And so, one should not be surprised by the vast room of plush cushions and velvet curtains filled with men in sarongs dancing in a circle around a ceremonial fire; by the lambs and the porcupines competing, off in the corner somewhere, for rewards in elaborate mazes sealed away in glass encasements with stagnant air pushed upward and around negligibly by ineffectual fans; by the naked silhouettes of plump women, in yet another corner of this gigantic room, humming and clapping their anklets together from behind a sheer curtain, but also crying—not because they are feeling despair in the moment, but out of obligation for a despair that had been calcified into their skeletal structure by the petrifying shuffles of forebears. The shaman chant the blurbs in numerous syncopated variations but in harmony with the hums and in tempo with the claps of the anklets. They prepare special concoctions with ingredients emblematic of the keywords and phrases from the paragraphs passed on by the Sifters. These mixtures are, then, distilled into three separate liquid solutions which are subsequently fed through a three-necked extraction flask. The highest density solution is funneled outward through a tap and into a separate flask. A pipette is used to feed the solution to bacteria in a vacuum-sealed petri dish—that’s when the drumming begins. It’s actually a suitable climax—that! The shaman—usually there are three of them—stand around the petri dish and confer upon it a blessing before passing it on to the third stage of the assembly process: divination.
“You’d be surprised to know, perhaps, that the shaman are separate from the diviners, and I’ll not waste any time getting into their mutual resentments. Let us just compare the process to passing a strategy from the marketing department to the sales management arm of an enterprise. The latter are the diviners for they read the dynamics of the metabolic processes—the market research, so to speak—seen in the solution’s fermentation. And from what they read, they develop a carefully fine-tuned strategy for target-specific dissemination of the message. If you ask the shaman, they’ve already done that bit and pre-packaged it for the diviners; to them, all those lazy blokes have to do is open the package they’ve been given. But don’t tell any diviners that—they see themselves as the creative spokes of the larger wheel. In a way, they are not wrong in thinking so. It is they who must deliver the message, and so they must be equipped to manifest the particular from the general in a way that will appeal to the interests and shape the attitudes of the audience. Their intended targets are not the general public, but the opinion leaders, so the content must be customized to their interests and must gnaw enough at their existing fears and biases that sharing the information would indulge their desire to confirm their own suspicions. This is a sizeable task, actually, and for this we enter the fourth and final stage of the process: dissemination.
“In all honesty, I did not have an opportunity to witness this stage for myself. Most operations farm the work out to sweatshops in the Outlands. Operating costs are lower in those regions. These separate control stations are filled with rows of teenagers who have been trained to churn out content and relay it through informational networks. The supervisors of the sweatshop receive a list of opinion leaders and influencers and their areas of interest and vulnerability. Using these reports, the supervisors assign to their teams certain keywords and themes that are to be used in the manufacture of news. Of course, these keywords and themes had been identified in the earlier stages of the assembly process. And so it goes.”
Didi shared a glance with the leader of the team of men in broad-collared overcoats. They seemed to be mutually suspecting the other of something in relation to what the gondolier was now saying. Immediately catching the look of the other, however, this mistrust was instantly dispelled and replaced with a bedeviling mix of complicity, remorse and despair. There was much more afoot than either of them were able to get their heads around. They felt rather intimidated by it all and could not help but feel somewhat inadequate for there was far too much to process. Perhaps they lacked the mental and emotional reserve to make sense of it. Did others have it? Did anyone? There was this continual sense of being overwhelmed which never got better if one was being even slightly honest with oneself. It only worsened and grew more disappointing with each new revelation. What horrible people they were; what horrible people they never knew they were! A sigh now sat upon the precipice of her lips.
“This is no time to feel desperation, my dear,” the gondolier said in a gentle voice. Didi looked up to see his eyes now on her. “As I said, there is a beauty to all of it being beyond us even if we are agents in our own self-destruction. Let it be so, I say. Let us be so. We would be remiss if we did not relish in the glory of the unknown and of the unknown we unknowingly create.”
“What’s he saying? I can’t hear him!” lamented one of the ladies from the river carriage. It seemed that his voice had grown too soft.
“There is a fourth faction that begs our recognition,” the gondolier continued in a resurgent tone, the full wave of his grumble now cresting; he appeared, in this moment, to evince a pronounced jubilation, his eyes presumably beaming at his own ability to captivate this audience of strangers, “Certainly we should not relegate their efforts to vain obscurity for they have played a significant role in all of this. I speak, of course, of the Impish Croakers. The Impish Croakers used to be a fringe element—calculating physicians who, under questionable pretenses, doled out mind-altering substances to criminals, reprobates and malingering Beastslayers. I’ll get into their motives in a moment. For now, let it suffice to say that, in those days, most physicians simply put in an order to large chemical manufacturers for medicines and charged a slight premium over market price for those with a valid medical affliction. During a medical consultation, it would generally fall to a physician’s discretion how best to treat the patient, and so there was not much oversight of dispensaries of medications. Most physicians subscribed to a centralized code of ethics to put individual and public health ahead of their own personal benefit. The Impish Croakers, naturally, were aware of these codes but often took a personal exception to them for they believed themselves to be attending to larger scale matters— again, I’ll explain that soon enough.
“There is much that we can attribute to large-scale economics in shaping the situational incentives that influence the malleability of professional codes of conduct and ethics. As societies embraced postindustrial economic paradigms, some regions, particularly rural provinces that had abandoned agrarian modes of living, experienced a massive economic downturn. Factories that had initially been built over fallow, yet fertile, soils soon fell into disuse as manufacturing was outsourced to areas in the Outlands with cheaper labor and material costs. In step with this, the demand for elective medical services in these rural provinces declined sharply until the average operating costs for a family doctor significantly exceeded the revenue he could expect to receive for rendering his services full-time to the general public. Short of raising prices and servicing a select group of wealthy patients, doctors knew that they would not be able to stay financially afloat without adopting alternate revenue streams. They started dealing in overstocked medications. Mostly they traded with one another, but some started to develop partnerships with apothecaries, who saw the merit of expanding the range of over-the-counter remedies available to consumers. The apothecaries bought the medications from the doctors at a 20% premium over the retail price, which, for a brief period, was the optimal market price to allow those in both troubled professions to keep their heads above water.
“But larger forces, as always, were at work. Responding to this nascent secondary market, a few chemists, quite legally and without any consideration for the micro-ethical concerns involved, broke out for themselves as wholesalers in the marketplace for these same medications. This, of course, was before intellectual property rights could be claimed over the development, manufacture and distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical supplies. The chemists bought raw materials directly from their former employers, developed medications from them and sold these products in bulk to physicians at a significant discount. It was a theretofore unrealized opportunity, and they understood, as the demand for opiates and other mind-altering substances inexplicably rose, that there were markets that had yet to be capitalized. So, they mass produced the most popular remedies and offered them at special bulk discount rates to doctors and eventually to apothecaries. Soon, the units of distribution changed. Where once physicians and apothecaries were able to order 10 to 15 packages of a given remedy at a time for a set price, they were soon able to order 100 to 150 units of that same remedy for only double the price. From a savings standpoint—and in view of the fact that we did not yet conceive of expiration dates for these sorts of medications—it made a lot more sense to buy in bulk. And soon these bulk orders came to be the only option available as the wholesalers eventually undercut retail distributors, including the chemical companies themselves. The minimum order available for any remedy, especially opiates, was soon in the hundreds. But now, this left neighborhood distributors with an oversupply and limited legitimate demand for their products. Physicians and druggists had to keep their heads above water in this new economy, after all; and so, it became necessary to upsell treatments for maladies that had previously required no specific remedy. Soon, medical journals, in response to the demand of its readers, prioritized the publication of clinical research investigating the lesser known ‘therapeutic effects’ of certain opiates. The funding for this research, naturally, came from the chemical wholesalers themselves.
“Over time, the free flow of mind-altering substances with no accountability measures in place amounted to a significant public health crisis. People were overmedicating, getting injured in traffic accidents, medicating more, staying home from work, losing the work they stayed home from, losing their homes altogether, rustling Land Eels for food, cutting soup lines, working odd jobs, medicating more, getting displaced from shanty towns, enduring beatings from rapscallions, curling up in alleyways, begging for spare change and using the squirreled away coins to medicate some more. Salivating at this new opportunity to get a piece of the pie, a committee of Senators stepped in and regulated the hell out of everything. Offshore accounts for these Senators and their cronies were soon filled with lobbying fees and campaign contributions. In return, medical wholesalers received tax breaks, and physicians and apothecaries dispensing substances were required to submit prescriptions and other documentation of patient maladies to municipal government offices for a ceremonial rubber stamping. The bureaucracy of it put certain constraints on the industry, but also paved the way for a greater proliferation and normalization of substance usage. Soon, the most powerful narcotics, otherwise reserved for paraplegics and sufferers of terminal afflictions, were recommended by the government’s leading health authorities for maladies such as paper cuts, Swimmer’s Ear and Magenta allergies. By this point, the manufacture of health supplements, pain relievers and approved drugs had created the world’s largest medical-industrial monolith—stronger now than any functioning government. And the best any government could do, in the face of this, was to effectively become symbiote to the larger organism, and swim with circumspection in its slipstream. And, for certain clever individuals, they could manipulate to their own advantage the situational dynamics yielded in the wake of that leviathan’s traversals. To wit, political candidates, domestic intelligence services and information processing moguls employed physicians, as advisers and spokespeople, to promote the benefits of certain substances to the citizenry before major elections, referendums, military recruitment drives and holiday shopping seasons. 
“But it was the Impish Croakers, the most demented and egocentric of physicians, who brought forth the largest sea change in the shared public consciousness. A group of them had set out on their own—real scientific determinists, them!—to alter the delicate balance of what they referred to as the ‘Common Stew.’ The Common Stew was that soup of chemicals—solid, liquid, gaseous and plasmic—that comprised the domains and subdomains of all human physiology and its collective and sustaining processes of production, consumption, interaction, respiration, digestion and excretion. Simply put, it was the chemical pool comprising the entirety of humanity and its movements! And, in all their warped curiosity, it was the Impish Croakers who wished to wrest control over this collective human concoction.”
“Narciss…” a voice said. Didi looked around. She did not know who had uttered it.
The erstwhile archivist’s tone swelled, “There was, in the short term, a kind of thrill to be realized in addling the minds of the fleshed masses by dispensing high dosages of concoctions that scattered thoughts and confused emotions until those fixtures of night and day were rendered ancillary to the lability of emotional cycles, to the shifts in interaction, on the mass level, between chemicals governing neural cognition and behavior. The erratic notions that came to fuel the volatile dramas on the human stage had their first foundations in the misfiring circuits of those whose neurochemistry had been significantly altered. And these dramas, too, had lasting consequences upon the chemical balances of those innocent bystanders who found themselves in unfortunate juxtaposition with these irascible addicts. The secondary trauma visited upon these beleaguered acquaintances drew them to grief counselors and therapists who soon sought to mitigate the advancing neural conflagration by dousing the frazzled nerves of their patients with chemical retardants. This, however, only created a more tangled complex of human behaviors, influences and dynamics. Therapists, then, found themselves having to rally in order to counteract the adverse effects of the substances they’d originally prescribed their patients with other experimental treatments that they hoped now could restore that increasingly fickle chemical balance; naturally, this only served to bring about a new series of chain reactions that either needed to be slowed or otherwise prevented from occurring so as not to invite further disarray. Therefore, and in spite of the valiant efforts of these paraprofessionals, the neurochemical cloud of the collective human concoction soon came to shift toward one that was highly unstable and required greater inputs to slow, or otherwise buffer, that ensuing concatenation of physiopathological events. It was a runaway train, so to speak, and there was no way to slow the momentum or lasting effects of these cascading reactions within and between humans. 
“The Impish Croakers, meanwhile, were somewhat delighted by this catastrophe of human ontology. In fact, they had quite deftly guided the dynamics of these shifts from afar and recorded their own observations meticulously. Through this use of humans as trading vessels for transport, exchange and distribution of chemicals, the Croakers soon came to theorize, quite rightly, that what constituted ‘being human’ would evolve now into something more transactional; albeit, on an ionic and covalent level perhaps exceeding the comprehensions of these thinking and feeling container ships who ascribed inordinate value to their own movements, desires and relationships. Take this very gondola as a similar example—unconscious of its utility to others, voyaging through a fog from stop to stop and trading unseen shadow passengers, its mind inevitably Elsewhere; yet, somehow, faintly cognizant of this hemorrhoid-ravaged blowhard who now navigates and governs its movements. Its thoughts and predilections are predicated only upon these inputs and outputs that guide its comings and goings. Still, however, this is subordinate to larger matters, for the inputs and outputs themselves—the passengers, that is—are influenced by other inputs and outputs that catalyze their movements and interactions. 
“To bring it back to the macro-level, let us explore further the motives of the Impish Croakers, if, indeed, they could be said to have any. First, I should point out that it is difficult to make any simple generalizations about this group. As I’m sure you’ll understand, there is often greater variation within a given subset of individuals than between disparate subsets; and so it is with the Impish Croakers. We can safely say that the whole lot of them are scientific determinists and that they seek to establish the existence of an overarching order to the Universe; and if, in fact, said order does not truly exist, or if it abides by structural dynamics beyond human comprehension, they wish to fabricate a new order that caters better to the highest of human understandings. A bit self-serving—yes—but, to them, it is a form of experimentation, of trial and error. There was a small group of them, for example, that cultivated a newly engineered form of bacteria that could serve as archivist of ontological experience. These bacteria could be injected or fed into another organism where they would, then, be able to transcribe in RNA strands all that was experienced on the biochemical level.  Bacterial scribes—apparently that’s what they called them. As the bacteria replicate, these encoded memories are duplicated and stored into their collective memory, where the signal is amplified and detectable to external sensors. The bacteria can, then, be extracted and analyzed further in a decoder vessel whereby the experiences of the host can be recreated by a team of psychofragmentists, quantum mechanical impressionists and ribonucleic linguists. There’s a lot of guesswork, of course, in adapting the biochemical record into a chronicle of animalistic or human experience. External data points, of course, are generally consulted for context. Case histories, atmospheric conditions, intentionality of external players, to name a few—it’s a highly qualitative process actually. This particular science is still in its infancy—if it could be called a science at all, some might see this method of analysis as more of an art form. For this very reason, this meticulous band of Croakers finds itself hung up in the analysis phase; there exists more divergence than convergence in opinions with respect to what is actually transpiring in step with these RNA transcriptions. 
“And, in the meantime, it seems that a slightly more impetuous and aggressive team of rivals has emerged. These upstarts have decided not to waste any further time and effort awaiting the conflicting results of analyses; they have gone ahead and concocted a new pathogenic strain of bacteria that can invade a given host and implant notions, memories and experiences—to be honest, they do not even know precisely what notions they are implanting as all is still very much subject to mere surmise: they have embraced this uncertainty with aplomb. To them, the influence overshadows the consequence—I shall explain why in just a moment. At any rate, you might have heard a few contradictory reports on this from fringe organizations. The mainstream information outposts are not yet taking this seriously, but I’d say that we are in the early stages of a serious epidemic. I apologize if this alarms you, but in fact, even if you are infected, you may never remember enough of who you had been to even know that this had been the case. That is the nature of the Ailment.”
Didi’s eyes met Ottoman’s. They were indeed thinking the same thing. 
The gondolier continued, “The Ailment has not yet made its way across all of Kaiiba, but it is spreading rapidly. And the toxification of the human narrative and all records encoding its absurd deformity will soon be just as much part and parcel to the larger chemical process as any symptom would be to even the simplest malady. In this respect, the Impish Croakers—or, at least this aggressive faction of upstarts—have taken a page from Clammy Lammy Beeson—that manufacturer of calamities, maladies and byzantine boogers—or, even, dare I say, from Rat Man Miyazaki, the Paragon of Virtue. They are manipulating, on the biochemical level, all within the parameters of human experience and interaction to look beyond the range of chemicals comprising the human collective. They are seeking an order beyond the distraction of human self importance. That is, perhaps, the best way I can describe it.” He looked back again at the self-help guru, “And so, if you ask how this moment is to be seen in 10,000 years, we should first consider the likely shape of human society in this yet-to-be-conceived era,” he paused thoughtfully, and then added quizzically, “Or perhaps we should ignore it? For the sake of integrity?” 
There was a pause that seemed to stretch interminably. 
Finally, he broke the silence, seemingly in the hope of appeasing any discomfort, “Fine, we shall brook this distraction. After all, what else is there to talk about? Well, self-important or not, let us say this much: if humans are, 10,000 years from now, any more enlightened than we are now, they will see that very little will have changed for them by that time and that they persist in a Dark Age similar to the one in which we persist. Nothing can be known of the human condition, and anything that could be explored in defining its significance, character or overall betterment would be just as much smoke and mirrors as the actions of those who peddle the easy answers to questions that are not really questions. Ha!” He squealed victoriously.
“Full of bile, this worm!” the self-help guru mumbled to his associates. Meanwhile, the Male Detractor standing next to him held his glass up to the gondolier and took a swig.
“Ooooh…” said the voice of his female companion. “How colorful!”
“Just a bitter old man…” a faceless voice from the river carriage said flippantly, “No one enjoys being obsolete.”
Another voice proffered, “Yes, well, archiving has become now something of a disreputable pursuit, has it not? What with all these amateurs and charlatans with their asymmetric archives!”
The gondolier said nothing to this. In fact, he proceeded with his duties as oarsman as though having been reminded that his former station in life was now held in contempt. Indeed there were amateur archivists to be found everywhere now. There were no trusted sources for catalogs anymore because one was as good as another as far as anyone else saw it. They did not know, as an experienced archivist knew, that there was a pristine art to the categorization and prioritization of records. Now, however, the world was full of dilettantes, and there was no longer any consensus with respect to the methods and practices behind archiving. In that sense, these men were correct. He was now an old relic, a disgraced librarian. The best he could do was push forward. He put his head down now as all of his attention went back into his labors. 
Before anyone knew it, the gondola moved ahead a full ten boat lengths, leaving their companions in the river carriage back to their old complaints. The illuminated squares of the cityscape now embedded themselves against the deep crimson of their mirrored frames. The night was starting to fade, and the color was returning again to the sky. 
“Darling…” Ottoman said motioning toward the roads.
“Uhn…” agreed Didi. The roads were starting to clear, but the traffic from the canals had not quite caught up yet. The congestion in the canals looked like it would continue like this for hours. It made sense to transfer here. They were close now to that final stretch of highway that led to the airport. 
The manager of the B&B looked at his tablet and nodded his head as though in acknowledgment of some message. He, then, said to the gondolier, “It’ll be faster if we get off now. Let us off at the next jetty.”
The gondolier mumbled something in return, but no one was quite able to catch it.

VIII. 

The road leading to the airport was a lonesome arm of highway stretching without solitary junction across an endless forest of giant dandelions. The whole party had boarded a self-driving bus and, though relieved of the competing diatribes of obsolete archivists and pop gurus, they soon found that void filled by Cecil, back in his squirrely Domesticated Immigrant garb, singing an old folk lament in a lilting tongue that none within earshot seemed to understand. The others fanned themselves—for all its high technology, this blasted bus wasn’t equipped with air conditioning! Even the men in their overcoats rolled up their sleeves and tilted their hats back, fanning themselves with napkins that they had nicked from the inn. 
The B&B Manager seemed to pay no mind to this petty larceny—though he still said nothing about it, it had become apparent to all over the course of the gondola ride that he had tendered his resignation from the inn out of a preference to join this roving group. Apparently, there was something about the excitement of a spontaneous journey like this and all the double-blind secrecy kept between Didi and the team of investigators that piqued his curiosity. Didi clearly knew something that the investigators didn’t know and vice versa; and yet, they kept that information to themselves whilst traveling together for reasons unknown to some and for destinations unknown to all. It was a proper puzzle! He made mention of this a few times to the party, both in the gondola and on the bus, but this only prompted curious looks and momentary sneers, and so, in response, he eventually saw it fit to create a public spectacle over his resolution to ‘keep his trap shut and enjoy the passing scenery for the remainder of the voyage.’ This impassioned resolution, though worded more precisely as a threat, seemed to suit all the other passengers quite fine.
Ottoman’s eyes fell on him from time to time. What an odd bird! He wondered if it was a common occurrence for a hotel worker (or anyone else who found himself employed in the travel or hospitality industry) to get pulled into the drama of others and taken along for the ride to the next destination. Perhaps, this was a unique situation as there was sure to be a sizeable trek ahead of them. As far as anyone in this party knew, they were only going to the airport, but surely this destination would serve as the embarkation point for a much longer journey—after all, who would choose it for any other purpose, unless it was otherwise being used for some attempt at misdirection? Still, choosing the airport as anything but an embarkation point in order to obfuscate one’s true aims would seem a bit too contrived, and even among those tricksters who duplicitously counted on others’ dismissal of such contrivances, there was a minimal likelihood of reverting back again to such a hackneyed recourse even when it arose out of some hubristic desire to double-dupe those whom they suspected to suspect, and thereby discount, the otherwise unseemly cliche! 
Thinking on that last bit taxed poor Ottoman’s already fragile nerves. He let it go and turned his attention back to the B&B Manager.
This old chap made for an interesting specimen. Who would just drop everything and run off like that if he didn’t have good cause to? Or maybe he did. Maybe indeed there was nothing left there for him at that dingy old inn. Still, he seemed now so invested in this being a worthwhile adventure that Ottoman almost felt worried that he would soon be let down once certain pragmatic realities set in and he came to know better just how dull this group truly was.
The sun now seared his face and all he could do to escape it was shield himself with his hand. The sultry night had transformed quite quickly into a sweltering day, and the breeze from the windows was simply not enough to moderate that blistering sun. The B&B Manager was slightly better equipped to handle the jump in temperature than others. He held an ice pack upon his forehead now—apparently, he had an insulated cooler full of them, but he did not seem inclined to share them. In fact, he just kept rotating them, muttering under his breath from time to time about some inclination of his toward heat exhaustion.
Didi seemed to be suffering the most, unfortunately. In the summer, that thick rat’s nest of hair absorbed an immense amount of heat. What was worse was that she did not have a tendency to sweat very much even when her body was overheating. Fortunately, the traffic along this stretch of highway had been sparse and very little seemed to be delaying them any further.
But wait! It seemed that this sentiment had presented itself a moment too soon, for now traffic was slowing down again, and they were coming to a complete stop. The leader of the men in overcoats (hereupon referred to as the “Leader of Men”) jumped to his feet to inspect the bus’s navigation display. It seemed that there was an accident up ahead. 
“I’m starting to get a little concerned about whether we will be able to make our ‘connection’ in time…?” he said, trailing off slightly toward the end as though attempting simultaneously to confirm that there was indeed a connection to be made and to acknowledge the caution that must be observed by not offering or asking about details with regard to this ‘connection.’ Didi found herself impressed by his expert delivery, for it was difficult for her to determine from it quite what he knew and didn’t know. He was either trying not to show what he knew or subtly exposing his ignorance. 
Either way, it was a master stroke. 
He might very well have been testing the waters to see if she would react and, in so doing, confirm the existence of a connection to be made. Alternatively, he knew exactly what was to happen next, but was professing a circumspect (and somewhat ambiguous) declaration with regard to its nature. It was difficult to know precisely what he meant, but perhaps this was precisely his intent! 
Was the connection a ‘person’ who was to be met at a certain time? Was it, otherwise, a ‘travel connection’: a flight or train to be caught according to a set schedule? They had indeed been at a standstill for quite a long time on the canal. Why was the timing of their connection not an issue at that time? Surely, if not this Leader, then someone else would have been well enough in the know to understand the type of time schedule with which they were to abide. On the other hand, there might have been a very tight compartmentalization of information with regard to this situation; surely, each party in this matter was on a need-to-know basis, which implied that either Motiwala, or someone in a Control Station somewhere, was guiding their movements carefully. If this were the case, the matter of the missed connection was likely a minor one, and some action would likely be taken to either delay the connection or to speed up their journey.
In any event, Didi felt less invested in the outcome of her current situation than she had previously. She did not know why. Of course, locating her brother was of critical importance to her and her family. All the same, the matter had suddenly grown more complex than previous, and much now appeared to be out of her hands. To say the least, there was no denying that they had made some kind of progress this morning when they found Bunnu—or some being who appeared to be Bunnu. But then, with this new cast of characters and these intersecting interests descending upon them, she started to contend with the dawning realization that finding Bunnu was now subordinate to the prospect of multiple Bunnu simulacra having come into existence. Was there even a Bunnu to find, one the family could accept without any doubt as being the original? And even if he were found, what then? There were clearly others who were seeking him, but it was difficult to know whether or not there would be competing interests with respect to what was to be done once he was found. Further, there was little guarantee that these others would take into sufficient consideration his general well-being—or, perhaps, they would, but would have a different perspective from hers with respect to what constituted ‘well-being.’
Whatever the case, the passengers of this bus were now on a shared journey and, this being the case, the responsibility for moving forward had thereby come to diffuse itself among them, even if each of them sought disparate outcomes from this collective venture. It was a peculiar sort of contract that had manifested itself among them and, as a result, Ottoman seemed to be muttering to himself now about the need for them to commit terms to paper. 
For his own part, the retired detective seemed rather unsettled by this whole arrangement—and particularly how easily their circumstances now seemed to be determined by whims and unconfirmed speculation. This was understandable. He had the least information out of all of them (or the least ‘unconfirmed speculation’—however one chose to view it) and probably did not make much of the assessment that there existed more than one Bunnu running about. All of this postulating seemed to him like a diversion, and more than anything else, an utter waste of time. All the same, looking around him, he understood now that their freedom of movement had been restricted. He had tried once along the way to stop the bus so that he might relieve his ailing bladder; however, this suggestion was met with severe opposition. The Leader of Men coldly suggested that he consider their timeline and find a more suitable alternative to an unscheduled stop. The Manager of the B&B further pointed out with some irritation that there was a restroom in the back of the bus and that there was simply no reason for them to stop. He even went so far as to suggest that drinking too many liquids, even in this heat of summer, could serve to contravene their collective interests. He, then, held up his ice pack as evidence of alternative methods for counteracting the hot weather. Cecil also deemed it fit to stop singing his lament and join this chorus of excoriation. As far as he was concerned, there was no time for these silly games. They were all in this together now, and, like it or not, they had to cooperate or there was otherwise no hope of achieving any of their collective ends. Obviously, it was this last declaration that seemed to imply that Didi and Ottoman were now obligated to remain as members of this party. Clearly, there was no escape, no separation. And so, at the very least, Ottoman now wanted some kind of contractual terms related to their participation and to the outcome of this venture. But when he brought up the possibility of a written contract, this only produced groans among the passengers. Even Didi found herself saying, “Just sit down and shut up, won’t you? Please, darling? Let it go. Or, at least try to!”
His face souring, the old detective then dragged his heavy body back to his seat and plunged himself into a fit of sulky muttering. There was no longer any point pretending he needed to urinate for their sake. And now, hours later, the muttering continued, and the other passengers, contending with the increasingly oppressive heat, had already come to forget about his grievances.
But now, with the bus having stopped due to traffic, the old detective was looking attentively around and occasionally breaking from his nonsensical utterances to make sense of what he was now seeing. 
His breathing faltered and all eyes were suddenly upon him as he popped his head out the window and looked past the vehicles ahead of the bus. Immediately, a jolt surged through the bus as the old detective screamed, “Let me off this bus. Let me off, damn you all! A boy! He’s just a boy!”

IX. 

“Give us some space!” Ottoman ordered the others, remembering his training in law enforcement. In moments like this, there was someone like him needed to keep things in order until an emergency specialist arrived on the scene. No one else around seemed equipped to handle this, so now the responsibility fell to him.
“I’ve contacted emergency services,” one of the overcoat-clad men reported looking up from his tablet, “An emergency drone should be here shortly.” He cast his eyes downward upon the head of the boy whose head Ottoman was now cradling. It was a young Drawan child. The boy’s eyelids fluttered, and though no one standing in the surrounding crowd of gawkers seemed to understand the words he was muttering through shivering lips, it was apparent to all that he was speaking to a mother who had passed beyond and whom he now sought to find. He spoke with an urgent determination like a lost boy now seeking his parent in a crowded bazaar. A momentary glimpse of her would appear between passing figures—he would see her with her tote bag and wearing that silken headdress she had inherited after the death of her sister, those jangling anklets; he would see her from behind, her brown elbow with that scar she never explained to him: she was right there mere meters from him, and he had only to pass the three or four people between them in order to again be reunited—but then, the paths of new figures crossed between them, obscuring his view, and once again, she was out of sight. Gone.
“Muh-mmmm...Muh…” 
“The boy is scared…” the B&B Manager remarked matter-of-factly. “I can understand little bits of the dialect here and there. Er…W-We get these Drawan boys to help out with odd jobs in the summer. Yes. This one’s a migrant, I think, judging by the accent.” He turned to the Leader of Men. “Surely, your men have a visor he can wear. He needs a familiar setting.”
“The medi-drone is on its-”
“That’s not what I’m talking about, you fool. The boy is alone! Is there anything more frightening?”
The Leader motioned for his men to retrieve a visor from their packs.
Through all of this, Ottoman stroked the boy’s forehead. The handkerchief under his head was now completely red, but the bleeding, it seemed, had not yet stopped. Didi now kneeled by his side and whispered sweetly into the boy’s ear. She knew that she couldn’t say anything that would make sense to him, but hoped that there would be something in her tone that he would find reassuring. It had possibly become clear to all by this point that the likelihood of his surviving was minimal, but that there had to be something more to all this than simple survival. There had to be a beauty in the love of family, and in a compassion for one another that simultaneously beckoned to and transcended human relationships. There had to be a purpose in finding beauty in the world one was to depart even in those last moments before one’s consciousness sparked out.
She reached into the boy’s backpack and produced an old tattered children’s book. The print and color on the pages had apparently faded from exposure to intense sunlight. Still, one could make out the silhouettes of animals on each page—less threatening than the beasts in real life and full of the kind of wonder one wished to keep of the world in one’s tender years. The boy heard the rummaging about in his bag and his eyelids fluttered again before his pupils swiveled upward again from the depths of his reverie and made out, vaguely, what was happening around him. His eyes took in the book that was hovering before him and his lips voiced a naked syllable.
“Page 23,” the B&B Manager interpreted. 
Didi turned to a two-page spread with a group of stately animals standing before an opening in what appeared a rather hospitable jungle. It looked a lovely setting to pass one’s time. The animals were never hungry and seemed to lack the need to compete for resources. There was no scarcity, in fact, and so their interactions were mild and lacking in confrontation. What a world it must have been: one without scarcity. Even in the realm of romance, there was perhaps no need even for competitors for one mate, for certainly there was a wealth of mates available, and conceivably no exclusivity or jealousy or urgency for mating. The adults would remain adults into perpetuity and never die. The children would remain as children dreaming one day of an adulthood of freedom and responsibility that never need come. There was a little faded gray pond—likely once a deep emerald—in which an amiable-looking gator splashed about. His jaw was wide open and he had big teeth, but these were rounded and probably helpful in eating swamp nuts or whatever it was gators ate—assuming they ate at all. There was a Shark Rhino, who had found his way to being elected as a public official. He wore a top hat and a blue blazer, which fit nicely over his fins, but which still exposed his bare chest. The horn on his head was ornamented with a plaid ribbon that matched perfectly a pair of slacks that covered all but the extremities of his hind legs. He seemed to be standing upright at an entrance gate and motioning the observer inward to a thick mist of gray—more emerald green!—penetrated only by pairs of disembodied, albeit curious-looking, eyes. To his right, there was a cheerful Butter Lion who dripped in thick streams of yellowish perspiration, but seemed, all the while, rather comfortable in the sultry air of this jungle. What a lovely place to be!
Didi echoed this in her words, tears streaming down her face, “Now then,” she whispered to the boy, “who indeed wouldn’t want to go to this jungle and live with these nice animals?” Her eyes met those of the B&B Manager who motioned for the visor and a tablet. He did a quick search and found the original image on the tablet. He connected the visor, placed it over his own eyes and nodded with approval.
“That’s the one. Put this over the boy’s eyes…”
He handed the device to Didi and Ottoman helped her place it over the boy’s face. “We’re still right here, Son,” Ottoman heard himself say. “Go ahead and play with the animals. We’re standing right behind you.”
“Muh...mmmm...uh….?”
Didi responded by stroking his head, “Shhh...be still, my sweet. Your Mama is with you. Always with you. Just like Mama Josefina…” Ottoman’s eyes met hers. She almost never spoke of Josefina, of her own mother. “Somewhere in the Universe,” Didi spoke distantly, “Mama’s soul is still intact, existing maybe as the baby to another Mama…or perhaps as an annual rainy season flower, or maybe even as a bacterium adapted to subsist in deep sea high pressure vents of hot sulfur....”
She said this as though speaking about a mother to some person now distant from her, and perhaps this was so. She spoke of this individual now in the third-person.
“...and she can still sense those pieces all around her.  Sometimes in the dry air that brushes against her skin, brisk and full of energy, or in the impetuous and impatient call to attention of the legions of crows that swoop down from the highest branches to pick up discarded bits of food along the side of the highway in the early morning, perhaps in the unquenchable fervor of the river rapids that hit the rocks, releasing a white spray that settles to a fine mist through which she imagines she could once again see the woman herself in all those fleeting moments that passed too quickly to register in a lasting and meaningful sense, those characteristics, those elements that comprised Her, Josefina—she, in her alluring and captivating grandeur, her soulful and poetic reserve, her infinite sadness.  Moments that dissolve all too quickly in air with the mist.” 
“The mist, boy…” Ottoman repeated gently. “She’s waiting.”
There was a specter more earnest than truth in this ineffable anticipation, a gentle boyish hope.
“She’s waiting, my Son. Go to her...”

X. 

The remainder of the journey to the airport passed in no different a fashion. Every stray comment, every unexpected incident carried with it a new implication seen now in the eyes of the observer who cast everything in relation to the everchanging aims and attributions of this irresolute trek. How might Didi have reacted to the boy dying on the side of the highway had she not just read an expansive diatribe questioning the legitimacy of a singular and universal truth? 
Differently, perhaps...
It was difficult to say what exactly had transpired in that moment with the highway boy, but his transmigration from ‘this world’ to ‘another’ undoubtedly meant something to her even if nothing from that moment could, in fact, be said to carry any authentic meaning. And it was not simply out of a sense of obstinacy that she maintained this position. Certainly, to declaim into the void the necessity of meaning out of mere ‘spite’ for its absence amounted only to a reckless gesture amidst a caustic nihility that dissolved this very ‘spite’ to its least distinguishable components. However, for her, this argument with the insensible with regard to the sensible was not a struggle she wished to take up. What struck her instead, amidst what she could only deem a stony indifference, was the simple inkling that this boy’s life, if transitory, still bore a significance that transcended and endured this fleeting flash of semblance. This observation was not something worth arguing, for certainly one’s energies were not best set to the task of arguing with meteors, with bedrock, with crumbs of igneous rhyolite wobbling upon the tips of mountain peaks about what indeed ‘was’ and what state of being ‘was’ truly signified if, again, its signification should bear some relevance to a notion of Truth. She suddenly found herself hoping that Motiwala had been in earnest about his attempts to make greater headway into a more nuanced conception of objective reality.
After all, her emotions—however misleading—told her that she should feel disappointed if that boy had merely been a momentary eclipse of particles and nothing more: a transitory coagulation amidst perpetual flux. Even more disheartening would have been if that moment she had shared with him—to say nothing of other critical moments and relationships she had experienced—amounted to little more than yet another insignificant phase amidst the larger, fugacious dynamics of an implacable and indifferent chemical reaction.
She sat now on a bench at the departure gate, watching the criss-crossing of bodies to and from transit points. Some were alighting from vessels and others were just boarding. Amidst this flurry of movement between seemingly remote points, how could one say with utter conviction that all of these bodies were not simple containers transporting molecules through channels within a series of larger nested bodies that included, at their remotest boundaries, that amorphous receptacle containing all multiverses? This notion she had borrowed from the gondolier. But her head suddenly felt heavy—why was she thinking about things in such a depressing way? But then, why should this way of thinking be seen as depressing? 
She sighed.
Perhaps, she just needed a few minutes of proper rest. 
She was overtired, and this extreme exhaustion only folded itself inward like a contumacious flatworm fomenting the most perplexing of subversions: a more pronounced anxiety that rendered it nearly impossible to relax. She’d been unable to sleep for most of the gondola ride and the bus trip. No matter how tired she felt, it was impossible to let go of certain thoughts that had come to nag at her. And it wasn’t just one thing: every time she felt like she had made some headway in attending to one worry, some other source of panic would barge, like a toddler, into the headspace to distract her before she was able to reach the point of resolution she’d sought with the first. She’d then try to close her eyes and attempt to parse out these competing concerns, slow down the machinations of her brain and focus on her breathing. But again, some other irrational impediment would thwart her attempts at compartmentalization, and she would feel an intense jolt surging throughout her nerves producing both a start and a momentary cessation of breath. 
Frankly, there was just no escape from such intransigent restlessness.
The frantic movement of bodies in the airport seemed to reflect her agitation of mind; and yet, it look so much more orderly, but perhaps this was just the illusion of self-organization. It was easier on the mind to envisage an affinity for organization without intention, but perhaps it was just the romantic in her who saw things in this way.
At any rate, it appeared that they were now to board a hovercraft for Bahlia. It was a RavanAlloy corporate charter, which caused her to think that maybe these movements were being guided by O. or his affiliates. Then again, RavanAlloy was such a vast conglomerate that even to think this would have been somewhat excessive. Most likely, Motiwala’s research organization had hired out this transport using their research funding—again, the funding source could very well have been RavanAlloy, but there was no way to confirm this. 

 
*  *  *

All the members of this group remained slumped over on benches or nearby chairs by the departure gate. After some time, a representative from RavanAlloy—or, at least, some individual who had been given their black and tan uniform and sash—approached the party and unburdened himself with a slew of apologies that exhausted them all the more. Didi stared at his mouth as he talked and wondered silently how much of his day was dedicated to thanking and apologizing and worrying about what some person he’d never see again might think about A, B and C—or alternatively, X, Y and Z. There was undoubtedly a prim nervousness about him, but perhaps this had to do with the fact that he often had to deal with entitled business wankers who turned their nose up at the slightest hint of an inconvenience. What an odd way to make a life, Didi thought, but then, servitude to the whims of imbeciles was nothing new regardless of how the economy was structured. 
Her eyes fell on him again; her thoughts had drifted away for a moment amidst his slew of apologies, but it seemed that he was not yet finished. “...it is with great misery that I express my sincerest fear for your displeasure. I would rather shove my face into the ‘ugly goo’ than entertain the possibility that there was an expectation of yours that had not been sufficiently met. And I apologize for saying this, for I do not mean to brag about the level of virtue and integrity that I exercise in meeting your needs. Some people feel that in my saying all of this, my intention is to make them feel condescended to, and this is understandable, for certainly it must be difficult to see someone who is doing everything he can to leave no stone unturned without feeling oneself somewhat inadequate for perhaps one fears that one has not done the same in one’s own endeavors. Allow me to assure you that catering to what I perceive of your expectations is not meant to cast light upon any negligence with regard to your own duties—some, after all, take our sense of commitment as an implicit character judgment about them, and I assure you that this is not at all our intention. It does often happen that I go a little overboard—again, I am not bragging—and this causes my customer to grow resentful about the implications that I am making about him or her. For example, there was once a desert prince whom I served—again, not bragging. He grew violently upset when I inferred wrongly that he wished to be carried to and from his seat. Certainly, this was not meant to be a character judgment on my part with regard to what sort of treatment he might appreciate, but he took my initiative as a slight and grew quite angry. He had me beaten. Quite rightly, I think. I was so very afraid. Very much as I am now. There is no greater source of trauma to my psyche than to imagine that there was something that I could have done, that I had not considered previously, which might aid in decreasing your level of disdain for me and the services I represent. At the same time, in telling you this, I fear even further that you should be made to feel guilty even though this is not in line with my intent. It’s all something of a balancing act as you can imagine, and I am caught between either demonstrating my intent to perform my duties with the utmost integrity—and thereby to cause you to feel as though I am putting on airs—or, otherwise, to acknowledge the significant struggle involved in this work, which, thereby, puts you in a position in which you are, perhaps, expected to pity me. Pitiful, though I may be, it is not a position in which it is fair to put you. It’s something of a quandary—perhaps you’ll agree. All of this is to say that I fear you deeply.” He dropped to his knees and bowed until his forehead touched the floor.
“We are ever so fearful!” another voice said, as a man ran seemingly from out of nowhere and parked himself next to the first with the apparent intention of bowing more deeply. This prompted a rising and falling bowing momentum from the first, who now puffed up his chest rhythmically, albeit with gentile bravado; unfortunately, the aggressor who had appeared at his side seemed to have perfected a technique, whereby he could arch his back momentarily and create a smooth and aesthetically pleasing undulation in his bow, which, presumably, stretched and applied more efficiently the special properties of both his serratus posterior superior and his infraspinatus fascia—or, at least, so it appeared to Didi from this angle (though, of course, she was no expert on the matter). The supplicatory smoothness of the technique of the second was without parallel, and this only seemed to produce a dejected sigh from the first. There appeared to be a rivalry between these two in affecting deference, and Didi could only imagine that somewhere hovering in the background was some unseen incentive: a promotion, perhaps, for which the two were likely in competition.
It was all rather too much actually.
Didi felt a slightly larger than usual wave of breath expire from her body. This apparently caught the attention of Ottoman, who peacefully dozing by her side, awoke to state the obvious, “Another delay, is it?”
“Hmmm…” Didi replied, neither confirming nor refuting this supposition in her intonation. She gestured toward the two bowing simpletons before them, uttering, “Why did we never have any children?”
Ottoman gave her a knowing look and snickered at this before taking her hand tenderly in his own. “Depriving them of the pleasures of airport lounges. Are we terrible people?”
“Yes, we are,” Didi whispered back with a giggle. Her eyes fell on the bowing men again. “Then again, it could have been less an act of cruelty, and more one of compassion.”
“For shame! You are such a cliché!” Ottoman retorted, and this prompted a laugh from her. “Do you not understand that our purpose for existing is to bring another life into this world?” She looked into his eyes now quite lovingly: it was the first such moment that they had enjoyed together in some time. At this point, they both felt somewhat freer of that burden that had stood upon—and simultaneously between—them. Now, they were just going through the motions, and for the moment, there was something liberating in not being held very much to account for the outcome. In a sense, it almost prompted them to question whether they had taken this responsibility very seriously to begin with. For certainly, it was clearer now—although perhaps it had been so for a long time—that it was less an intrinsic desire on their part to search for Bunnu, and more precisely one that arose out of external obligation. They had engaged in it partly for family, but partly also out of loyalty to one another. But now the situation had grown far more complex and the responsibility of finding Bunnu had extended beyond them, diffusing, it appeared, throughout this larger group of mysterious stakeholders, and so the pair could not help but feel absolved, in light of these changing circumstances, of this terrific familial expectation. 
“We are clearly negligent in our duties!” Didi whispered back with glee, of course referring to another ‘duty’ they’d seen fit to neglect. “Kids, kids, kids—that’s all that should be on our minds! Shame on us!” There was a stupid lightheartedness that fell over them both again as though nothing that happened had truly mattered, that nothing ever truly mattered, in fact. The inflated significance of the moment was ineluctable farce! 
Why had they, then, been so constantly worried, so constantly frustrated with the situation and with each other these past few years? Perhaps, they had found themselves too close to the problem. Well, in that case, this past day and a half had certainly turned things around—and had even served to turn around their way of thinking! Who would have thought that after years of little to no progress—and even some diversions and reversals—in their search that they would end up experiencing this swift turn of fortune so suddenly? Didi now felt very far away from the person that she had been a mere two days earlier. And it now seemed cumbersome to have to care again about the sorts of trivialities that she had previously. Could she even go back to doing it? To caring? She was not sure she had it in her. This moment just now with Ottoman had broken her, had broken them both possibly, of that wearying spell that they had been under. It was as though they had stepped outside of their bodies momentarily, noted the charade within which they’d been immersed, and then started to feel silly for having ever taken any of this seriously. How did they let things like this interfere with their enjoyment of life? With their marriage even?!! Why had they not previously realized that-
“The issue has been the diving equipment,” a distant voice now interrupted this dawning epiphany in a tepid, albeit urgent tone of voice. Didi’s breath faltered as she felt herself being dragged by the ankles back into this pointless quagmire. The voice carried on in a manner that bored them both utterly: “That’s the cause of our delay. We’d probably made our request slightly too late, and they ended up having very little on hand to meet our needs. It appears that they had to have a newer model of bathyscaph shipped in by truck from a nearby wharf. I think the ones they had on hand here had had a few technical issues. It’s all rather surprising as I’m sure there are plenty of requests to get in to the Bahlia area from here, but I reckon that they are just having difficulty keeping up with the uptick in demand—you know with that resort being constructed and all. At any rate, it’s all now a moot point. We don’t even need a diving apparatus anymore. I have it on good authority that the Bahlian Sea has dried up. Happened overnight it seems, and no one is quite sure how to explain it. The terrain is pure muck from what I hear. Between the wreckage of ships stuck in the mud and the drying sludge, in what has now become a blistering heat, no one can really predict what’s in store for the town. Some expect it should all be desert soon enough. At any rate, the hovercraft may still be of some use in getting us there, but I reckon that we’d be better served with a helicopter of some kind. This is an airport after all! I should probably say something, eh?” 
All of this had come from the B&B Manager. How could he possibly have this kind of information? He’d seemed to come through a few times during the journey with some vital tidbit that the rest had been lacking. And, again right here, it appeared that he was in the know about something crucial to their collective aims. He’d certainly made himself useful, but all the same, it was difficult not to wonder what this was all about. Was he feeding them a bunch of fibs? Did he otherwise enjoy special access to information that they did not?
Didi leaned forward and addressed him. She was now upset, not just at this man for withholding this vital information, but also at herself for suddenly feeling the need to care about the situation before them, “You seem to know a lot about matters rather important to us, and yet you’re sitting there doing nothing to help.”
“What reason have I to bother myself unnecessarily when the rest of you are just sitting around as well? The two of you don’t appear very well invested in finding your quarter brother—seems like you were having a grand old time just now at everyone else’s expense. Time is also an expense, mind you!”
“But-“
 “And, beyond this simple hypocrisy, I am inclined to take further exception with your insinuation that I am merely a freeloader. Am I not helping now by passing on what I know to you? And might I remind you who’s been serving as porter for the duration of this trip?”
Didi grumbled. Yes, he had in fact been quite helpful in carrying their luggage about for them. Still, if he was indeed correct in what he was saying, then he was still possibly holding something else back that he wasn’t telling. She sighed deeply now. It was dispiriting to have to exert this much energy in caring about such matters just when she was ready to let it all go, surrender herself to apathy and breathe again that sweet air of liberation. He grinned smugly now as though seeming to relish the opportunity to pull her back into this oppressive sludge. 
But why? What did it matter to him? He must have had some stake in all this, otherwise there was simply no reason to persist in this manner.
She studied his features. He still wore the greasy tank top that he’d been wearing in the kitchen—he hadn’t bothered to change much less bring his own baggage along on this journey (not to say that she was any better in her stagewear). All the same, did he expect to continue wearing this ridiculous outfit throughout the voyage? Or, perhaps he thought he might buy something new along the way, but he didn’t seem to have much money to do this. The more closely she looked at him, the less all of this made sense. In spite of his seeming knack for having timely information, he appeared to be a poor planner. Her eyes fell upon his forehead now. Streams of sweat had long since starting gushing as though from a geyser at the top of his bald dome, thereupon trickling down over his eyebrows where they changed direction and funneled in toward the center and finally over the bridge of his nose. Didi produced a handkerchief from her handbag which he accepted with a surprised nod as though the thought of wiping his face had not previously occurred to him. Again: poor planning. But, then, she remembered that he had been quite well-prepared for the lack of air conditioning on the bus. Was it not this man who had had the cooler full of ice packs that he was unwilling share? Well, then, in either case, he was untrustworthy!
It was probably best she took charge now. Otherwise, this or some other mooncalf was likely to take control and get them all into a worse situation.
Didi looked around at the group. “Listen…” she said to all. Everyone’s eyes fell on her. Even the airport employees bowing their heads before her looked up in expectation, perhaps ready to apologize for the next misfortune to befall these travelers. 
“Listen…” she said again, taking a deep breath. “We will require a helicopter…” No one said anything. Perhaps, they had not heard her? “A heli-cop-ter…” she said more slowly and carefully. Maybe she was saying the word wrong. Actually, she didn’t know what a ‘helicopter’ was.
There lingered in the air a pronounced silence interrupted finally by the Untouchable Ottoman.
“A...what?”
In Union?

I. 
 
“Re bos bos! Reeeeee!” one of the barefoot servants sang at them in a high-pitched tone. 
It appeared to be a greeting of some kind. 
This articulation was followed by a chorus of others: “Re bos bos! Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!” This echoing cannonade produced a flood of cachinnations from the whole jolly group seated all around their cousin: this elated flock of brethren and elders all possessed the same skeletal structure, with low-sagging zygomatic bones that were rounded and dull, shoulders shaped like domes protruding from threadbare undershirts, and long uncovered legs and bare feet with hair sprouting along and between webbed toes. Sitting with hunched shoulders—pronounced even further because of their shape and hunched only because the space around them was packed with kinsmen—their beaming ovoid faces hung like meaty dandelions over long necks with green ruffled outgrowths that resembled the opercula of gills. This buoyant family crouched in a variety of orientations—some facing forward, others sideways or to an angle, and still others in reverse, as though to maximize the efficiency of space being used—taking up every square centimeter of the front porch and almost completely concealing, from the view of the approaching observers, the doorway and windows with those enormous heads that dangled from unduly lengthy necks. 
Didi, however, was distracted by something else: there was a recessed front porch now? When did they have that work done? Or maybe it had been like this the last time she’d visited?
The clan sitting upon the porch appeared to be a family of domestic servants; yet, there were so many of them about that it was hard to imagine that there were many chores that could keep this lot occupied throughout the day. They seemed untroubled by this.
Didi nodded at them. She did not know quite what to say.
The family home, now dry, looked more or less the same save for the newly recessed porch, its rotting wood and the dried coral that had ensconced itself over the metal lattice along the sides adjacent the barely visible front door. 
Was that freshwater coral?
All along the landscape around the pastry house and enclosed by the Absconditus-011235 mountains were unsightly patches of green sprouting up between sprawling curds of indefinite gray sludge—it was difficult to say from their vantage point whether this greenery was kelp, algae or tussock, and perhaps this would have depended on the salt content, chemical concentrations and ambient pressure and conditions of the now-absent water. Between these sprouts of midori lay ochre trawlers and taupe freighters, mostly damaged from what appeared to be a sudden descent and now sitting on their sides or pressed into the terrain under hueless, formless clouds—it was hard to imagine that the sun had evaporated this sea, but if, in fact, it had, then, the water of this basin still floated indefinitely over the newly reclaimed land. 
In the distance stood some unmanned cranes that looked to be halted in their construction of a resort hotel. The unfinished structure had likely not yet reached its absolute potential for gaudy opulence, for it was merely now a titanium-paneled structure, shaped like an onion, but with a seemingly hollow clear plastic tubing that extended vainly into the sky. Bahlia was now a mangled collision between the town of past—a buoyant marvel of some promise reaching from its plains, mountains and seas at the skies above and blindly aspiring toward some elusive glory—and the stunted metropolis of the future, conceived from apex to foundation by speculators and venture capitalists who, it now seemed, failed to anticipate, in their planning from the top-downward, that withering ascension of sea.
Something else was different, too. Didi looked around. This was not the Bahlia of her childhood. The hills and mountains and woods had been stripped away. She wondered momentarily what had become of that cafe where she had first met Sanchez, the cavern where she’d been fitted with costumery and the Aqua Pod where she’d met many of the art enthusiasts whose community she and Ottoman would soon come to join (albeit marginally). And what of Sanchez and Lustitar and the Beastslayer? And what of the Marshland Organizers? Of course, the Organizers were a secretive bunch so there was no way of knowing one way or another—she wondered now if they still operated. Perhaps, that would now depend on the type of greenery that sat about this spongy landscape.
She turned now to look back at her party and at the helicopter beyond them that sat unevenly in gruel. It had taken a military helicopter to transport this entire party of travelers. The helicopter pilot and his co-pilot now stood silently amidst this group. The co-pilot seized this opportunity to whisper to his co-worker something not quite out of earshot about whether or not he’d get bonus pay for this last-minute assignment. 
“So, where are we exactly?” one among the gentlemen in broad-collared overcoats asked curiously. 
“Well…perhaps I can shed some light on the matter,” said the B&B Manager, producing an eye roll from Cecil, the Domesticated Immigrant.
“Ladies and gentleman!” a new voice chirped suddenly. 
The clan of household servants echoed this chirp eagerly, “Laylee fohf Jenaahey!” producing laughs of bemusement. Clearly, they only enjoyed the sound and the intonation, but knew nothing of the language being spoken.
All eyes fell upon the front porch where a handsome man now stood upright like a tree growing out of anthropomorphic soil. The gentleman was decked in a shiny orange blazer, an iridescent undershirt and purple leggings obtruded by grinning servants. He was of advanced age, but his slick curled hair did not show the slightest sign of graying. The man had his hands on his hips and maintained an effervescent poise about him. “Well! Hello...hello!” he offered with a smile.
“Ur-Low! Ur-Low!” pronounced the servants loudly and with good humor.
“Who’s this?” Ottoman found himself asking.
The man paid no attention to this question, but seemed to catch the eye of the B&B Manager, who nodded back. “General Motiwala…” the Manager whispered.
“General Who?” one of the detectives asked.
“It’s our-” the Leader of Men started to explain before he was interrupted.
“Afraid we’ve had a change of plans, folks. Even I didn’t expect things to turn out like this!” He stepped over the servants and descended from the porch, pointing all around at the wasteland that had once been the sea. “Waterfall-Orange, my friends...perhaps we should embrace this new moment for what it is.”
Ottoman tilted his head. Who was this man, and what the devil was he talking about?
“Mr. Motiwala,” Didi stepped forward, “Er...General. General Motiwala, I mean. I appreciate all those lovely letters you sent. It meant a lot to me.” 
Ottoman sighed audibly at this. There was something different in her eyes just now: a twinkle that he hadn’t seen before. Was this now something one needed worry over?
The General looked at her with a hint of confusion. “I...perhaps...should apologize,” he said slowly. “My hearing comes and goes. An old affliction, you might remember, and it had gotten significantly better. I think coming back here might have—well, I don’t know really. At any rate, you must find me a bit different than you remember me. Lost a bit of weight since childhood, me. Not sure that matches the image you’d kept in mind…”
Didi shrugged curiously. 
“Won’t be gaining any of it back either. Hard to regain an appetite here. These domestics like to have a bit of a laugh as they watch me chew. Just tried a second ago to break bread with your folks. But these blokes seem to think our eating habits are the darndest thing: could barely get a mouthful in before they started snickering away. I’ve no idea why actually as I’ve never watched them eat. In any case, the laughter’s a bit distracting and disheartening, I’m sure you’ll find. The whole family here seems to have lost a fair bit of weight. Not sure if that’s the servants’ doing, or something else. Worms possibly. Osmosis—not sure. The effects of being underwater, that’s another—if that underwater thing even happened! Anyway, as you can plainly see, there’s a lot here that seems to defy explanation, and no one in your family, or in town, seems interested in discussing the matter with our research teams.”
“Yes, well…” Didi started.
Ottoman sighed again. Didi’s eye movements had become rapid. He had only seen this before when she was dreaming. He looked at this Motiwala. Who was this again, and why exactly was he to be trusted?
“There’s something else you need to see,” Motiwala said, “Come with me!”

II. 
 
“Ah...my darling! Very happy to see you again!”
Didi stood staring at Rakesh-7 in disbelief. He was fitter than she’d ever seen him, no longer infirm—more importantly, no longer in the attic!—and now seated at a dining table with Raju, Yuri and an assortment of relatives she barely recognized. Meanwhile, there was a group of domestic servants—different from the lot that had been seated on the porch—standing around the dining table, snickering and making wisecracks to one another about the styles of eating of the various members of this household.
“This man is definitely not Motiwala,” Cecil, meanwhile, pointed out to the Leader of Men. “I have dealt with the real General Motiwala, and this is clearly not him. He is an imposter!” The detective made a non-committal sound which produced more laughs from the lounging servants sitting around his feet. These domestics seemed quite keen on quick changes to intonation and the utterance of diphthongs. It was possible that there was a layer of meaning that was being articulated unwittingly by those who were not conversant in their language. In the meantime, General Motiwala—or, at least, the man who purported to be him—looked at the B&B Manager, who only shook his head now and smirked. It was apparent that they shared an association unknown to the others in this group and in the household.
“Dah bee tan oo ki tan tannh!” one of the servants exclaimed with a wild laugh as he pointed at Yuri slurping a solitary noodle up from a bowl—admittedly, a humorous sight to behold. This produced a chorus of laughter from the servants before, perhaps in thoughtful acknowledgment for the observer’s cleverness, they rejoindered: “Ki tan e tan tannh! Wa wa foos!”
The Outlander nodded happily and announced both to those at the table and to the new visitors, “Do not discount these lost children of this nomadic civilization. You might mistake them for Mumta, but I assure you they are not. They are of the theoretical nation-state referred to by physicists as ‘Belphegor Prime.’ I say ‘theoretical’ because no one has been able to trace their roots—their DNA composition shares insufficient similarity to any of our common progenitors—and, thus, we can only infer from this that perhaps they spontaneously generated on this planet recently and are beings that have only achieved their genesis through the confluence of strong and weak nuclear forces as well as through yet unexplained cosmic and quantum events binding loose particles together into molecules, macromolecules, cells, tissues, bones, muscles, organs, and finally into bodies composed of complex interlinked systems. That is to say that they are people of no land, no roots. They are simply people who have come into existence spontaneously and who still defy explanation. There are some who suggest that they are not people at all, but an ersatz species of life—that is, a simulacrum of what already exists that has come into being and mimics the cultural, social, political, scientific and economic life of what some no-nothing cretins might call ‘true humans.’ I would counter that such idiotic musing constitutes nothing less than ill-considered pomposity, for, certainly, these beings are far superior to us. Can you not see it for yourself? No? Well, it might not be apparent from simple observation, but it might please you to know that there are at least one nonillion, sixty-six quadrillion, six hundred trillion and one permutations of syllables and intonation in their rich oral tradition. Their spoken tongue is, in fact, so abstruse that no written forms of their language yet exist. And certainly, we are helpless in our attempts to translate it. In spite of their spontaneous genesis, they are an exceptionally sophisticated culture—and I do not say this in a contentious way, for some might hear these words and take me for a proponent for eugenics. Far from it—it is not an intrinsic superiority that they possess, but a cultivated one even in the short time that they have occupied this planet. We must give credit where credit is due! They have already stretched far beyond what us simpletons are able to achieve, and so who could fault them for their condescending laughter? In spite of their present economic hardships, they have already outmatched the cultural achievements of our civilization in every way fathomable! Do not mistake economic development for creative and intellectual refinement: that would be pure applesauce! ‘Pure applesauce!’ Hah! Nothing pure that’s ever processed! Hee hoo!"
It seemed that Rakesh-7 was back to his old tricks, but why was he out of the attic now? 
“Anyway,” he continued, “Good to see you, my darling. You’ll be happy to know that the boy is back too. A proper family reunion, no?”
Didi looked from the Outlander to Ottoman, who apparently had been locked in a gaze with Yuri. She had failed to notice until now just how little her stepmother had said. Her eyes fell upon her, and a chill immediately found its way to her spine. Finally, Yuri’s turned to her and spoke with unnatural calmness, “Have you nothing to say, young lady?”
“First of all, I’m not young anymore. Let’s start there.” Didi looked all about her. No one in the room seemed to appreciate that reaction.
Times may have changed out there in the world, but in here it was very much the same household it had always been. While the Bahlia of present made no great attempts to relive the glories of its antediluvian youth, nothing in this room strove to depart from that time-worn likeness of ‘then.’ The living room had the same house plants: did they never die even after being underwater? The chairs and the cushions against the wall held the same faded, musty character as she remembered. But why were they not soaked now? The same could be said for everything else in this room: the curtains, the blanket draped over the kotatsu, and even the old canvas portraits of Charismatic K that hung on the wall. How could these all be bone dry? It was like they had never been submerged. She tried to remember the last couple of visits when she and Ottoman had been made to wear diving gear to come to Bahlia and interact with the family. Wait—had they? She could not now remember, but seemed to sense that it would have been possible to speak with Rakesh-7 at his deathbed whilst still equipped with diving gear. She wanted to compare memories with Ottoman, but this was not the moment. And, anyway, his would be just as unreliable as hers. Perhaps, the water had not reached the insides of the house. This would make sense as very few seated at the table seemed to possess gills. No, nothing had changed in here. This household had, perhaps, a special membrane around it rendering it impervious to the influences of the outside: liquid or otherwise. This should have seemed strange when they had dived under the sea previously to visit home, but apparently nothing about this had struck her as unusual until now: with the water now gone. Perhaps what made it all seem peculiar to her was the fact that nothing of this household seemed out of place from how it had looked prior to its submersal. The marble floors looked as polished as before, the old clocks—now antiques—remained mounted upon the wall and there was no sign of water damage anywhere on the interior—although, as they had seen earlier, the external façade of this three-story pastry home demonstrated palpable signs of wear over the passage of time. But why had there been no wear on the inside? Conceivably, it had been refurbished, but if this were so, who would endeavor to make one’s cushions look musty again?
It came to her now that they had had no diving equipment on their previous visits to this house, but why had this not struck her as strange at the time? She now remembered Raju going on and on about these ‘special windows’ that he’d had installed, but she’d tuned it out. He was always going on about these sorts of details on home improvements, and this had struck her as no more significant than it had on previous occasions. For his part, Ottoman had feigned quiet and polite attention, but probably wouldn’t remember now very much of what had been said. At any rate, flickers of that last visit were coming back to her, but perhaps those gaps in memory were simply being filled in by assumption. Yes, her memory was, as had been suggested at various points along her journey, an illusion. Maybe this was her first time in the dining room of the family home. Her eyes fell on Motiwala, whose handsome smile now reassured her. His face shone brightly in spite of the burdensome intuitions that swirled beneath its surface. Was it merely a mask, and should she seek to tear it away? No, it was indeed quite natural. It was as though he felt no despair. She sensed in his demeanor a nimble ebullience as though nothing more served to surprise or disappoint anymore—it somehow transcended cynicism because it accounted already for the failings to be portended in one’s expectations and managed such risk by licensing hope, care or empathy only when these implements abided well with his most pragmatic assessment of the circumstances. She wondered if there was solace in the possibility that there was no sadness, frustration or joy that need be lasting, that all were fleeting and to be experienced immediately and disposed with accordingly. And yet, there was no denying that liberation she beheld in his airy countenance for he seemed possessed of the sense that all was in constant flux and so he could choose his level of involvement with any and all matters surrounding him.
That seemed a tall order in this house.
Her eyes fell on the sour, disapproving faces of relatives. They were clothed still in their Wormdrool smocks—ancient in appearance and riddled with so many flaws that they almost resembled mindful patterns. Over top of these, they wore hairy bibs of Lesser Bison hide—perhaps newer than the smocks, judging by the condition of this hair. There was also the aroma of old ointments and hair tonics and Mole Fly repellents that circulated about this moist air; Didi could not help but wonder if the sheen that radiated from those wayward strands of silver hair arose by design from a sculpting of those strands in wax, or otherwise out of pure negligence for that which has already been deprived of its erstwhile pigmentation. In the latter case, one would have been deceived by the bold luster of their decaying scalps. She looked now at the hands of one nameless old lady who sat quietly and unobtrusively in the corner—what was her name again? Her hands were spread upon the table, revealing the canyons, rifts and gorges formed by lines, veins and wrinkles. Her nails were painted in a silver that matched her hair perfectly, yet clashed rather aesthetically with the canary yellow of the table cloth and the green of the chairs. Was this, indeed, an affectation on the part of this mousy old Aunty? 
It was difficult to say. 
Didi’s curiosity about this was subordinate still to larger questions: Were these relatives living here or just visiting? And really, what did they get out of being in this place where the passage of time had no meaning and all stood unyielding like a block of ice behind a dam? Were one to locate a crack or a fissure somewhere in that impeding wall and to nip at it until piece-by-piece the dam could be torn away, that block would still stand there: obstructive, stubborn, timeless and implacable, abiding to no flow and by no change in the dynamics of the world around it, hardened by covenants which never ceased. She watched them whisper among themselves—these relatives and their judgments swirling in the flimsy miasmata of intersecting clouds. Clearly, she didn’t measure up to their expectations. Clearly, she should never have been accepted into this household to begin with. Why did Yuri feel the need to kowtow to these stodgy relics?
“Right from the beginning, nothing but rudeness from this one,” Yuri now said to Raju who sat across from her. His eyes darted away for a moment before returning to his soup bowl which he now brought up to his face, slowly slurping at the broth. Yuri continued, “And she brings her Untouchable kidnapper with her as well.” Her eyes fell upon her sister and her sister’s husband—Nalini and Suneil were their names, Didi now remembered. The two had decayed considerably in this twilight of their years. Suneil, in particular, with his pince-nez and his wisps of hair strands sprouting with as much sparseness as the greenery of Bahlia, looked utterly decrepit. Didi had, until this moment, struggled to recall his name, but found herself unable to shake that nagging memory of his menacing gazes. Now, he was a bit distant: in and out of the conversation, which was to say that he said nothing at all, but seemed to pop back into attention now and again when some pertinent detail was mentioned. He seemed to do the same now as Yuri called attention to the Untouchable whom they had once again granted entry into their home.
The old lech murmured something to his wife, who herself showed little understanding. It appeared her hearing had diminished significantly. There were ways now to correct for his vision and for her hearing, Didi remembered, but perhaps news of this had not reached them. Or, maybe it was beyond their immediate grasp. Bahlia may not have had the most modern medical facilities, and certainly being underwater, it must have fallen well behind the rest of Kaiiba. The thought occurred to her now that she had seen no aid workers or specialists from the provincial government, or from the Republic itself, to assist with redevelopment. Perhaps, Bahlia was forgotten and would continue to languish. This was a fitting destiny as this room felt no different than it did over 200 years ago. In this respect, the flow of time was meaningless amongst those forgotten in favor of matters deemed more pressing, and amidst that web of tradition-bound familial obligations. She, in some respect, felt compunction for the former and resentment for the latter. If one was not negligent, one was otherwise mired in the bureaucracy of recursive obligation.
“Pleased to see you, Mum…” Ottoman said with a hint of nervousness as he bowed. Over the years, she’d rarely acknowledged his presence in any other manner than as Didi’s abductor. In a way, this suited him as he was otherwise unsure of how best to play the role of a dutiful son-in-law. He’d had few role models to draw insight from in his youth, and anyway all of them were gone now.
“Obliged, my son,” Raju nodded in reply for the both of them. It was clear from his sentiment that, while he had no control over matters here, he had no reticence for expressing approval for this man who seemed, in his eyes, to prove a loving companion for his half-daughter. For this, he could only be grateful for few were ever quite this fortunate. “I’m afraid our friends here on the floor are not to amenable to the slough out there. And we don’t have much work for them in here. We were actually struggling to keep servants for very long with the growth of the service economy. They kept running off to well-paying jobs in customer service centers. Underwent accent training and all! The middle class kept growing and growing for quite some time until we had no servants at all. But then the whole thing went tits up when Bahlia was consumed by the sea. Corporations sent their customer service centers to more accessible locations and we had a jump in unemployment. Now, there is no middle class. Or, maybe we’re the middle class again. Hard to say.”
“Will you shut up, darling? Your jabbering is boring our guests.”
“Anyway,” Rakesh-7 continued with a mouthful of sweet potato, “that’s not quite right the way you explained it. But I’ll keep my mouth shut as well. The attic has not completely eroded my sense of propriety for what’s suitable for the dinner table.”
Didi’s jaw fell open. This was a man who had once crafted an ear wax sculpture of the local temple for O-bousan-34. How did he suddenly become more conscious of what was appropriate to dinner guests?
“It’s dinnertime?” Ottoman heard himself say. He suddenly felt quite hungry and had very much lost track of time. 
Yuri looked for a moment at the servants, who seemed not at all inclined to help, before sighing to herself. She pushed out her chair and said to Raju, “Get the chairs from cellar.”
“Make space everyone!” Raju enunciated loudly for the other guests. “We have some visiting mouths! Er…do we have any more of the-“
“No more Magenta for anyone!”

III. 
 
“So…” the Outlander now said between mouthfuls, “I must thank you for all that you have done to bring Bunnu home.”
Didi sighed dejectedly. “Well, I’m happy to see you in good health anyway, Uncle. What brought about the improvement?”
“Listen to her: doesn’t bother to get in touch all this time, and now suddenly she’s concerned?” Yuri pursed her wrinkled lips. She sounded tired, and, in a way, this made Didi feel sad.
“Keep in touch how?” Didi looked around. Still no sign of the latest technology. But then, she heard a beeping sound. 
Yuri looked at her wristwatch—this was new!—and said with a snort, “I hear more often from the O-bousan than I do from you!”
“The O-bousan? O-bousan-34? But he’s…he’s-“
“He’s been rebirthed, it seems,” Raju explained through the side of his mouth—the side that was facing the table—for he was now turned and looking away from the other guests as though this relieved him of some disappointment to be found in this conversation. Didi’s eyes fell upon him: she had often marveled at his patience, but thought very little about that hurt that he held inside below the surface. Some people stewed on the inside, perhaps for fear of being a burden to others. Or, maybe there was no clear articulation to their emotions, they remained in their ineffable state into perpetuity. It was tantamount to keeping an aroma in a box and sealing it shut. The side of Raju’s mouth continued, “They found some way to put him on a cloud and he can talk from there. Not sure that that means.”
Rakesh-7 shrugged his shoulders. “I’ll admit. It sounds a bit daft to me as well.” This prompted knowing looks from the young detectives.
Their leader volunteered, “His neocortex has likely been uploaded to a decentralized network of servers, and he can communicate with anyone from the ‘Decentralized There.’ I presume he is communicating with you now through your wristwatch, Ma’am?”
“He offers his counsel when I need it, yes…” Yuri said wistfully with a tear in her eye. “And a little compassion when it’s required…” This prompted a sudden movement from Raju—he had moved 15 more degrees askew. His second knee apparently now bumped into his first knee which was pressed against the seat back. He could move no further without dragging the legs of the chair with him.
“Oh…we got some mail recently from Miss Momoko’s school,” Raju proffered in a rejunenated tone, suddenly swiveling back to his place at the table. “You can still use your course credits to-“
“What is it you do, Sir?” this came from Suneil and appeared to be addressed to Ottoman. The old uncle was readjusting his spectacles presumably to get a better look at the visiting son-in-law’s get-up. “You’re a farmer?”
All eyes fell on Ottoman. Didi shook her head at him indicating not to open the door to any unnecessary conflict. “Yes…that’s right.”
Yuri turned to Raju, “Did you know about this?”
“No!” Raju seemed hurt by this accusation.
“Of course not!” Yuri mumbled. “They don’t bother with the likes of us.”
“Ma’am…” a voice said. Motiwala, who had been observing all of this, suddenly seemed to feel compelled to speak up, “I apologize for the interruption, and I do not mean to interrupt this family reunion, but I think we all have something important to discuss.”
“The deaf boy wants to interrupt now!” Yuri muttered.
“I didn’t hear what you just said, and for that matter, have not been able to catch any of this conversation at all except for what Bunnu has heard himself and relayed to me from the other room!”
“Bunnu?” Didi stood up.
“What’s this silliness?” Ottoman now stood up equally outraged.
“Yes, perhaps you cannot hear him. He can hear you most certainly, and apparently he can hear me. Further, I can hear no other except for him. It was already a rather remarkable situation when we were children. Even more so now! I’m still somewhat beside myself at this realization. I imagine this should be a unique step for our friendship. And I promise not to take him for granted now as I had when I was a bratty kid. I was a proper wanker then. Sorry about that!” He seemed to say this last bit over his shoulder into a doorway in a darkened room.
Yes, it was now dark in other parts of the house. When had the sun set exactly? The lights had not been on in this room when they had first sat down to the table, but at some point during the dinner, someone had gotten up to turn them on. Perhaps, it was one of the servants?
“I’m a little confused…” Didi said. “You say, he’s sitting in the other room; however, you had indicated to me previously in your letter…” she trailed off as she looked all around her. The others sitting at the table were aghast at this revelation. What was the nature of this mysterious correspondence? Suneil and Nalini were now murmuring disapprovingly with the other elderly relatives. The sound of their murmurs produced another back-and-forth among the servants, who seemed to take great joy in the crude syllables being presented for their listening pleasure. Ottoman sighed audibly again and crossed his arms. Didi took a deep breath and finished with greater circumspection for the reactions of everyone at this table, “Ahem…you had indicated that the situation with Bunnu…our collective search for him had reached…a point of…uh…complication.”
Motiwala seemed to wait for Bunnu’s relaying of this message before responding. “Yes…well. We sit here talking about such things and, in a matter of moments, I transmogrify from purple-haired walrus to yellow-tongued turtle to a flaky pile of pinkish-red granite chunks—I admit it is difficult to carry a conversation in this latter state. In any event, it seems that we must embrace this as our first moment, and perhaps in a more pragmatic way, make sense of the matter before us as best as we can in light of these new observations—of course, all the while, not allowing our perceptions to shield us too lastingly from our imminent doubt. I, myself, was surprised when I arrived here only to be told that Bunnu had been back with the family for some time. I’m still processing the matter as I don’t know quite what to make of it all. And I don’t know how he, in his current form, will now fit with the agenda set in place for myself and our research teams. It’s his current form, in particular, which remains an area of concern. Again, I’m still taking all this in and do not know yet what to make of it. I can only imagine how you must be taking all of this right now.”
Didi looked around the table. Rakesh-7 with another mouthful of sweet potatoes seemed untroubled by this assertion, and Raju and Yuri did not show any inclination to protest this.  “Did you not know we’ve been searching for him all this time?” Didi barked to all, mostly to Rakesh-7, who again showed no guilt. “It was you who asked this of us!”
“Had I?” he now dipped a finger in some pudding before him and took a taste. “I’m afraid I don’t remem-“
“But-“
“Just let it go…” Ottoman interrupted, his arms still crossed. “What matters is that he’s here. Right?”
“But it doesn’t make sense!”
“Why?”
“The Fractional Bu-“
“The what?”
“You didn’t read the-“ Didi started.
“You’re right. I didn’t…” Ottoman said coldly, and this stopped her. She could see that he felt hurt by this.
There was an uncomfortable silence, and it seemed that Motiwala had either not had all of it relayed to him, or he was unmoved by it for he continued on in a happy-go-lucky tone, “Perhaps, it’s time you were reunited with your brother.  He’s waiting for you in the next room!”
“We’re so happy to have you visit us, Master Motiwala,” Yuri said with alarming sweetness. She had only a moment earlier referred to him as the ‘deaf child,’ but this animosity, it seemed, was now forgotten. “Our poor Bun-Bun is in such a state after his time in that awful detention facility. I have a mind to file suit with the-”
“Indeed a pleasure, my lad. Especially after so many years!” Raju added. “We really don’t know how else we could have communicated with our son until you’d arrived.”
“Just how long have you been here?” Ottoman asked.
It took a moment before Motiwala was able to respond, “Why…I arrived mere hours before you did. As I said, I’m still taking all of this in!”

IV. 
 
“I’d predicted he’d get bigger. So big the world couldn’t contain him, in fact,” Rakesh-7 boasted to some nameless relative as they entered the darkened room. “I’m admittedly confused. Either I was way off or righter than can be…”
These two were the last into the now packed room, just beaten by a curious congregation of servants who had pushed past them, keen on watching more mayhem unfold. There was very little to see: it was now too dark. But someone somewhere clicked on a light bringing forth a rise of vivacious cheering from the next room and what sounded like the beginning of a circle dance. 
“Well, there you have it then!” Motiwala remarked. 
Didi looked quizzically, “What am I looking at?”
There was a pause before the response: “Well, Bunnu, of course. I imagine you can’t hear him either, but he’s saying a friendly ‘hello’ to Detective Ottoman and his lovely wife whom he’s never met.”
“It’s Didi! Your quarter-sister, Didi!” Ottoman corrected in a loud voice.
“Is this some sort of sick joke?” Didi exhaled.
“No joke, sweets,” Raju replied. “Your mother found him actually…”
“Right out there in the morning,” Yuri added, “as I was hanging the laundry—we should really get one of those machines.”
“Yes, yes…I’ll look into it,” the old Papa responded.
Didi took a deep breath. She looked at Ottoman whose eyes were locked on what the family purported to be Bunnu. “B-but we just saw him in that cabin a couple days ago.”
“That was definitely not Bunnu,” Cecil confirmed. “I had been sent to watch him closely, and it appears that that ‘Bunnu’ was either an imposter or a spontaneously generated replica. I have no answer for what happened to that one. Narciss and his cohorts might…”
Didi’s eyes teared up, “B-but then, there was this talk of two Bunnu’s maybe 3? The Fractional Bunnu?”
“And these are all still reasonable assumptions, Petunia,” Motiwala replied after a brief pause, “But this one here is unmistakably the original.”
Didi paused for a moment and took in the sight of her brother. “That’s him?” she asked, pointing to a persimmon in the center of a serving tray under a glass cake dome. This display sat atop a circular wooden table in the middle of this otherwise vacant tatami room. “The orange?”
“Not an orange, he looks to be more of a mikan,” Rakesh-7 remarked scratching his beard studiously. The Outlander had gained a fair bit of weight, and it looked like his skin was nowhere near as pasty as it had once been in darkness of that attic. Being out and among people was serving him well, and it seemed that he no longer held some of those eccentricities that had once given him that air of a mystic recluse. 
“A mikan?”
“Yes, well, I know you have your doubts,” Motiwala proclaimed, “I would have them as well if I couldn’t hear his voice loud and clear. It’s a shame the rest of you are unable to hear him as well as me. At any rate, the real credit in finding him must go to Ma’am. He wouldn’t be here with all of you if it weren’t for her.”
“Well…” Yuri glowed with a certain shameless pride, “A mother does know her son.”
“I hope you’re ready for the cameras, Ma’am,” the B&B Manager interposed. “It seems we have some news teams en route.”
Yuri seemed to react to this with a squeal of delight. 
Motiwala quickly turned to the team of researchers. “Get in touch with Narciss and his associates. We’ll need them here soon before this becomes another information battlefield. And tell Anup that we’re to start preparation for the next phase.”
“The next phase?” Didi asked. It took a moment for Motiwala to respond.
“Sorry, Petunia. Not at liberty to share in front of this gang. Let it suffice to say that we have some work ahead of us.”
“Well, for now, the family’s all together,” remarked Ottoman happily. “That’s something!” There was a sense of home here that he had not felt in longer than he could remember. 
“Not everyone,” Yuri corrected.
“Yes, Ma’am. We’re seeing to that next bit.”
Yuri’s phone beeped. “Oh my…the O-bousan tells me there’s a second moon out tonight. We should be able to see it from the window.”
Everyone turned toward the window. Apparently, the servants of the household were way ahead of them. A group of them had now gathered at the gap between the drapes; they whispered to one another in wonderment at the sky. That carrying on in the next room may well have been a ceremonial rite related to this new lunar element.
“None of this makes sense,” Didi said. It had been a strange couple of days. “But I guess the upside is that we can get back to living our lives.” She threw a glance at Ottoman, whose eyes were still locked on the persimmon which sat on that doily under a glass lid. 
“Welcome home, my friend…” her husband whispered, and then as though having just heard what Yuri said, he added, “Wait…second moon?”
And, seemingly in response to this, an ant emerged from behind the persimmon, scurried to the edge of the lid and stood upright, declaring to all, “Boo-ga the Calamity!”


Part Two:

To Separation
A Clarification


You might sense that that last bit was wrapped up a little too neatly. You might have even found it a tad mawkish: all the family home together and in good spirits alongside the cheerful servants, who are not the least resentful about their lot in life, and who, of course because of their noble savagery, have now concocted some divine incantation to this laughable second moon. I am unable to answer well for these implausibilities; nevertheless, that is what our most accurate records from 174,432 years ago indicate to be the events of that day. Yes, I did say 174,432 years ago.
And yes, I did say ‘I.’
It now appears that I must reveal myself for the sake of clearing the air. This is all somewhat embarrassing. How shall I begin?
My dearest reader: you have perhaps, thus far, been under the foolish and mistaken impression that this is merely a literary work written in the third-person by an individual by the name of ‘Ashim Shanker.’ There may even be such an unlikely being bearing this ridiculous name in your Universe or even on your planet (let us hope this creature is not taking credit for this work), but I assure you that this is mere coincidence.
‘The Migrations Series’ is a dispassionate and collaborative cataloging of past events, and ‘Ashim Shanker’ is simply a pen name shared by all of the archivists maintaining and updating this particular set of records on behalf of the RavanAlloy Corporation—so, truly, when I say ‘I,’ I am more appropriately saying ‘we.’ 
Surprised? 
Then, perhaps you did not understand the intended message from the ‘About the Author’ section of this series. Need I (we) remind you? Here, I shall copy and paste (yes, we have ‘copy and paste’ here too...quite a useful function regardless of what nook of the Multiverse you happen to occupy): “Ashim Shanker has never been, and probably isn’t yet, but certainly aspires to be. Surely, one day he MIGHT be, but there is no guarantee he WILL be. He was disappointed to find out yesterday upon waking that he still wasn’t, nor would he be for the rest of the day. But still, today has not yet passed. So we must wait and see. In the meantime, we cannot rule out the possibility, however negligible, that he will have been at some point in the distant horizon. Yet, for the present, we are still faced with the bleak and disheartening probability that he never was, nor shall ever be. Whatever comes of such confusing matters, he nonetheless appreciates the interest of the reader and apologizes in advance for any time that is sure to be wasted in pointlessly deciphering the befuddling prose of this trifling wannabe.”
There: remember that?
Well, looking on it now, I can understand any confusion that might have resulted. The way it’s written makes it seem like ‘Ashim Shanker’ is an actual individual. In fact, the wording even conveys the impression that this Ashim Shanker is a self-important charlatan attempting to affect humility. What a pathetic being—oops…I almost convinced myself of his existence just now! In fact, he is, as I stated before, simply a nom de plume. 
Well, then, you must be wondering who I am and why I have chosen to reveal myself to you only now. Also, you must be wondering who you are—or rather what you are to me that I should seek you as a reader. 
There is still that nagging suspense on your part, I’m sure. You are perchance waiting for something entertaining to occur or to be said that will bestow upon you some significant role as the reader of this text. Were this a work of metafiction, you would probably be waiting for me to address ‘the reader’ as an individualized construct central to anyone who might pick up this book. It imbues you with a delightful sense of importance that could exceed even that of the author (or authors) of this work. In this scenario, the author(s) would be, more or less, as useful to you as God would be to a nihilist. And so, the pronoun should be allowed to carry forth even amidst the annihilation of the antecedent. 
On the other hand, you might be waiting for me to assign you, as the reader, a more specific role in the context of the narrative. Perhaps, you are some member of a royal family reading a field report of some significance to you and your ambitions to annex the Flabbybat Peninsula. Or, maybe this exposition is meant to serve as the launching point for your transition from mere reader to active protagonist in this story. The possibilities are compelling, and perhaps, I should not toy with your emotions too much; therefore, it is possibly best that I be forthcoming in my assertion that your role in this is all somewhat mundane. Should you choose to stop reading right now, it is no critical matter. In fact, if you had any sense, you probably would put a stop to this nonsense immediately and get on with whatever it is you call a ‘life.’ Frankly, I’m surprised you haven’t done so already!
Sorry for that...you might have taken that last bit as somewhat insulting. That is not my intent, and actually, I meant it more as a benign statement as I am yet unsure what form you occupy. I cannot even be certain if your definition of ‘life’ aligns with my conception of it. You see, this is the critical issue: I do not know who you are and, therefore, find myself unable to imbue you with the importance that a reader might seek. It is said all over the Multiverse that one should know his or her audience. However, I am a mere keeper of records. My audience can be simultaneously everyone and no one. 

*  *  *

 You might imagine that this liberates me greatly in choosing how best to frame the narrative, and, if this is truly what you think, then it is again my sad duty to disappoint you. Nothing could be further from the truth, in fact. I am not sure how best I can explain the priorities defining our record-keeping—only because none of us on this team is quite able to put her finger on it. The objectives of this project change frequently, and we are only to understand in the short term what information is to be sought out and compiled. In fact, since we often work on subteams in rotating shifts, it is often the case that the ‘I’ who is doing ‘today’s work’ has been on another project for the previous two days and would not know completely what yesterday’s ‘I’ had been working on and why. Naturally, today’s ‘I’ would eventually have to go back and read the chapters, sections and paragraphs written yesterday, but there is often so much work to be done that it is difficult to ask yesterday’s ‘I’ to drop whatever they are doing in the moment in order to provide context around this paragraph or that one. Therefore, yesterday’s priorities are as forgotten ashes. The ashes collect in receptacles, crumbs of them tumbling in the breeze, and they grow indistinguishable from the ashes of previous days or weeks, and soon, they merge with those of today. This is not to say that we are a ragtag operation with contradictory objectives. Far from it! As I’m certain you can see, we are highly organized and do not let the slightest detail slip away from us. And when we do—when a comma gets misplaced or a word gets misspelled or when a new account suggests that previous versions had been erroneous, for example—our standard protocol is to leave the mistake as it is in print for all to see as a sign of our integrity. We let inconsistency stand and do not make any excuses or retractions for the sake of salvaging our authenticity. We are aware that to make retractions has been the norm in some societies in which the impressions taken away by the reader are highly valued by the framers of record. 
This, I assure you, is not in line with our practice or intention: we are to let the error stand.

Prolegomena to any Future Eviscerations

I.

Beyond this simple clarification (admittedly by yesterday’s ‘I’ but not today’s), there is little more to say at the moment on the topic of who I am, who you are to me (to ‘us,’ that is) and how I (namely ‘we’) intend to proceed from this point forward. This is not meant to be a punitive omission for I am, indeed, in no position to penalize anyone; it is neither a stylistic omission—if today’s ‘I’ had any blood, it would certainly boil at such an unjust insinuation!
Nevertheless, I would be remiss but to acknowledge a natural curiosity that should prevail on the part of the reader as to whether and/or how matters were to be resolved once the family was reunited with their beloved Mikan Bunnu. It is only reasonable to wonder at this, and I find myself once again unable to satisfy this curiosity for I am told that there are now more pressing matters which beg our attention and which have further necessitated this transition in the format of the narrative. All the same, there remains one question—a minor detail really—that continues to gnaw at me: What is the surname of Yuri and Raju’s family? Do they have none? It is a simple question really, and I find myself perplexed that after over half a million words in written accounts comprising the Migrations Series, thus far, not one of these words has included this critical detail. Maybe they have no family name? I am asking tomorrow’s ‘I’ to look into the matter for, at present, I can see no record of a family name in Migrations Volumes I and II, much less in the present Volume III.
I’ll return to that musing later in case tomorrow’s ‘I’ or future ‘I’s’ have an answer for us. Let us broach a different matter (when I say ‘us,’ I am simultaneously referring both to ‘you and me’ as well as to ‘you and us’—I hope you do not find my use of pronouns discouraging): I feel that it is worth mentioning here that this recent shift in the framing and scope of the narrative has not been adopted with the intent of limiting the reader to a singular interpretation; rather, it remains our expectation that the reader will take whatever is given and draw her own conclusions as to how previous bafflements—resolved or not—are to be left and in what manner the evisceration of puzzlements forthcoming are meant to proceed. Or, perhaps, the reader will draw no conclusions at all about these phenomena.
To be clear, it is none of my business one way or the other, and I know better than to stick my beak in where it does not belong (I use ‘beak’ here in both the proverbial and the literal fashion, according to whomever ‘I’ happen to be at any given moment—naturally, as our subteams tend to differ in physiology, we endeavor to be as inclusive in our attributions as possible).
I say ‘it is none of my business’ because it is against our operating procedures to speculate about who the reader is, what her priorities are and what she has read or is currently reading (as you could see in the previous section, we do have some flexibility with respect to inferences on readerly expectation, but this is mostly for dialectical purposes). That is not to say that I only feel this way out of acquiescence to some professional mandate. While this ukase hampers our curiosity somewhat and may even serve to constrain the scope of our inquiry, it is equally understandable, for certainly there is none among us who would not agree that a sincere respect for privacy should remain the very lynchpin in the ethics of our discipline. Therefore, even without this directive, I would certainly exercise caution in ensuring that the reader can remain in a safe and sequestered space. In fact, such comprehensive measures have been undertaken to maintain this insularity that I am even now unaware as to whether the reader has ever had access to our writings. Once I finish a volume, what becomes of it is immediately out of my hands, and so there is no way for me to determine the precise fate of completed volumes of ‘Migrations.’ Perhaps, Volumes I and II are being read as I write this third, or perhaps they are languishing, either electronically or physically, on a shelf or in some database: unopened and easily ignored—quite likely the latter. 
To me (to ‘us’ on the team, that is), it is indeed a mystery that these accounts are even being written in the first place. Not that they are insignificant—it is the fact of their writing that surprises me. However, some of us comprising ‘I’ have heard rumors of interstellar societies that still rely on language as their primary mode of communication. Sounds preposterous really—and these are just rumors, of course; in any event, there is no knowing what value said civilizations would even find in our accounts. There is also talk of retroactive implanting of the chronicles in prehistoric language-based societies (civilizations from over 100,000 years ago); however, I can see no merit in traveling back to a foregone era for this purpose as it would only result in a series of time paradoxes—a source of irreconcilable nuisance for an archivist like myself. If nothing else, it results in a great deal of extra work and no shortage of late nights filled with revisions (fortunately, the nights, according to our collective time standard, are rather long in comparison with those experienced by Didi and the like—still, this does not mean that we invite these additional responsibilities).
This is all to say that we, as archivists, remain of the consensus opinion that the written word has outlived its utility in modern societies. It is not an uncommon sentiment, and I will not bore the reader just now with one of my diatribes on the merits of telepathy and prefabricated neural transmissions. Still, it seems reasonable to point out here that there remains much in the realm of experience, insight and notion that can be transmitted via neocortical link with a high degree of fidelity and without the need for the arduous and time-consuming processes of encoding and decoding. Most of our work on other archiving projects involves experiential simulation, and, therefore, this process of reading and writing seems a bit to us like ‘roughing it.’ I do not wish to delude the reader by saying that all members of this team are thrilled with this assignment. It is backbreaking work, to be sure.
Of course, there has been fierce mental debate—not through words, but rather by way of a telepathic ‘parlor game’ we might call ‘Paradigmatic Bumperpool’ (this is a rough translation, of course, of our experiential designation for this activity)—over whether lexemes, in general, (and written forms of lexemes, in particular) retain any value in the face of other, more advanced and specific forms of non-linguistic expression, transmission and signal retrieval. Proponents of their value would point to the beauty and richness to be beheld in the varying linguistic interpretations that emerge according to the context, values and experiences of each interpreter; detractors, however, would indicate that there are other, more advanced forms of symbolic expression and interpretation that will still allow for significant diversity in understanding and on a level that should engage the cognitive and subcognitive functions of each recipient in greater parallel. This latter bunch would also call up the Warrior Poets of Blaargwhistle as an example of the banality of linguistic interpretation. I’m not sure what you already know about the Blaargwhistle Warriors (and, certainly, it is not my place to make an assumption one way or another), but they are known, according to our collective history, to be vicious wordsmiths of an ancient school that once specialized in the Military Arts and Letters, the Wahaha Waha. Ridiculous name, yes. Yet, many a foe met with a swift impaling by fountain scimitar for their frivolous mockery of it.
I deem it worth clarifying that the pupils of this school were warriors first, and poets second. Of course, there were also rival schools in the region that graduated the converse: scribes who went to war when some invasive force came along that sought to distract them from a work in progress (most would empathize with this nature of ‘just war’). The Warrior Poets, however, were of a different breed: to them, there was an aesthetic principle to be found both in the craft of performing their duty as well as in the terms of their obligational transactions, a beauty in forsaking their self-interest in order to serve a higher cause, especially where there existed an elusive notion of justice to which they might aspire, if only vainly and somewhat fleetingly so. Capturing this sublime sense of rectitude, this desire for self-sacrifice to the nebulous Everything, became a source of competition among the soldier scribes. From the ruins of even an insignificant, otherwise forgettable, battle might emerge, like ghosts rising from corporeal husks, tens of thousands of verses, each one varying in account and every one exploring the trials of a given protagonist—from the febrile self-recriminations of the celebrated general to the survival-born necessity of the mayflies buzzing about yesterday’s refuse. Every verse had its own player and its own virtue to be treasured and drawn away. It was said that if one had the ability to read all of these verses simultaneously, one should have been able to recreate the battle in one’s mind. Even without reading it, it all seems rather glorious, does it not? To have an unwavering sense of purpose and for one’s actions to be consubstantial with what one could only perceive as the optimal flow of particles: the system dynamics of righteousness! To say the least, their work inspired generations of political philosophers, artists and military strategists. It also came to inspire roving gangs of criminals who, through the artfulness of their own minstrels and scribes, co-opted the themes and devices of these ancient works to compose their own murder ballads. These new compositions were stylized and the protagonists in them given the facile reinforcement of seeming to abide by codes of honor, loyalty and justice as it related specifically to their clans. Mostly, however, these works became a rallying call for the swift arrogation of properties already reserved for others by entrenched systems of contract law and jurisprudence. ‘Abiding with the highest flow of particles’ was a new strain of divine right that took on a somewhat abbreviated meaning predicated upon the alignment of ‘justice’ with sudden shifts in status and power through acts of what could only be branded as ‘poetic vengeance.’ Of course, much of this was as oriented with the tangible, with a cumbersome pathos, as other causes we have seen that would rally haphazardly toward some loose derivation of ‘cosmic justice.’ This is not to say that they took something pure and sought to dilute or change it; on the contrary, they have taken something arbitrary and randomized it further. In this case, the source code is as ill conceived as its derivation, and this is not meant to be a value judgment, but rather an objection to a dreadfully short-lived aesthetic. We can talk forsooth of the noble beauty to be beheld in a conscious entity of humble means, living according to a system that favors her oppressor, defying and even upending the molds that have cast her travails and aspiring, by and by, to a formless ideal, thitherto unrealized and, in a romantic sense, unanticipated. Yet, in doing so, we do not speak of the bacterial genocides, the rubble massacres, the insect assassinations enacted in the process of achieving her ends—the vile creature! And so it is with the Warrior Poets and those they had influenced. They cannot help it that their minds were so easily constrained by the inadequate media at their disposal. In word, in painting, in music, in mimed gesture—there was too little substance and too great a capacity for diversion with numbing trivialities. And so we are left again to contend with the question as to why this insufficient mode of expression has been chosen for recordkeeping. It is almost as though someone has made a conscious decision to obfuscate a narrative which could otherwise be treated and transmitted with a remarkable level of resolution and fidelity. It is a concealment even from oneself.
It is a conscious choice to be blind.
Perhaps my saying all of this will sound harsh, but unfortunately (and fortunately) I find myself unable to apologize for any resentment that should arise from these words against words. To say the least, we (you and I) must venture to understand that which is larger than what we currently comprehend and value if we are to make any significant inroads through this process, and so I hope that you will not find it callous of me to expect that we should, in the interest of doing so, cast our hurt feelings aside. Yes, I am sure that your life matters, and that what you value matters too. I am as objectively sensitive and patient as one can be about this ipse dixit of self-significance as regards our explorations. And no, I am not trying to patronize you in saying this—did it sound that way? Whatever the case, all I can say is that, in the absence of apologies, I can only sympathize with any umbrage you take at what you are now likely to call a work of pretension, one that you conceivably feel espouses the mindset of one who looks down upon you merely because you are relegated to reading it. If I did not know better, I should take umbrage at your umbrage, for what sort of cad would I certainly be were I to put you into a position in which you were expected to read something I had written, but then made to feel inferior for taking the time to read it? That is to say that by taking offense, you are insinuating something about my character that a lesser me might deem ‘unjust,’ and so that lesser self could easily find itself in high dudgeon. But, of course, I know better than to be so unduly reactionary. To be clear, there is no sensible conception of ‘superior’ or ‘inferior’—there is no condescension because there exists no ‘up’ and ‘down.’ Still, I recognize that you might be accustomed to viewing things in such a way, for language often carries with it a false sense of status and hierarchy punctuated by beams and irons, by a scaffolding of audacious imposition and polite deference. Thus, even for me to take umbrage at your umbrage is laughable, and so I am unable to do it. I can only assure you that to make you feel bad about being in the position of reading this is not at all my intent, and certainly you must trust that the writers of this would never bear such malicious intent toward the reader. To do so would be tantamount to pouring salt upon a wound I alone have inflicted. I assure you that I am no such individual. In saying all of this, I merely mean to express that I find it a pitiable circumstance that we find ourselves on opposing ends of this inscrutable transaction. I hope that you will take my sympathy for you as a gesture of unity that should allow us to make common cause. Regardless of who you are (and, once again, I will never know this), I can certainly confirm for you that this is, was and has always been my desire.

II.

Let us make peace with what we have, thus far, found ourselves unable to resolve. Even if you find yourself already despising me, I will live with this, and perhaps it is best that I not think too deeply about it as it is not truly a matter over which I can exercise much control. As I noted earlier, there are many who make up ‘I’ and even among us, we do not know much about the other subteams, and so when I say ‘I,’ it is difficult to say of whom I truly speak. Today’s ‘I’ can only speculate, and certainly we have heard no shortage of rumors even about the troupe in charge of yesterday (you have just read what they’d written in that last section). To be quite frank, even if we are expected to agree with their assertions, we find it difficult to do so 100%, but we shall not get into the details of this as it is likely to cause undue confusion for you. And really, it amounts only to the sort of petty rivalry that is common among those in our profession, and that, thusly, need not involve the reader unnecessarily. We are all vain and foolish organisms, regardless of what locale of the Multiverse we happen to occupy. We hear rumors, to say the least, and we shall not bore you with the details of them without cause.
I do, nevertheless, feel it’s not unwarranted to make mention of an individual from one of our subteams who goes by the call sign of Lebby Wef Wef. She will be furious when she finds out that we have called attention to her, but our subteam will live with the consequences of this decision, however horrific these may be. I mention her because of a story she told recently that has since been shared throughout all of our subteams; the story has provoked no shortage of thoughtful discussions among us in recent weeks. It is not very much of a story actually, and usually it would not be worth mentioning at all. To be precise, it was merely a moment and nothing more. And not just a moment per se, but rather a moment that had fallen host to a rather invasive comment. And not a very memorable comment at that! She had actually forgotten it for decades and centuries until suddenly recalling it in the middle of a conversation with a colleague a few weeks ago. The comment in question had been made in her presence by an associate from a job she had had before this one—unfortunately, we are not at liberty to disclose the content of personnel files, so we must keep the nature of her previous work confidential. She knew this associate many years ago and has maintained minimal or no contact with him in the decades and centuries since she left that position; however, now and again, in recent weeks, she’ll have a dream and remember that comment and feel its resonance and she’ll wake up secreting a substance we can only take to be sweat—this could be an exaggeration actually, as there are some among us who do not sweat, others who do not require sleep and many who only understand in concept what a dream is without ever having experienced one for themselves. At any rate, this is how the story goes or, at the very least, how the story that has reached our subteam goes. And when I say ‘how the story goes,’ I mean to say really that that is what is perceived rather than how it has been told, which is certainly different from how it happened. It is worthwhile to make such distinctions, and it behooves me to pause here only to say that much of what you have read so far in the ‘Migrations’ series is susceptible to this very same differentiation. To wit, you are apt to wonder why it is we have included in our records so many speculations into the thoughts, intentions, values, beliefs and mindsets of the historical personages included in this anthology of records, and I can only say that we have been required to make these subjective determinations in the hope of tasting the juice, and not simply beholding the fruit (I do not know what this means actually as none within this subteam has ever seen or tasted fruit for ourselves—we have, however, experienced the shapes, textures, smells and tastes of various fruits in experiential simulations). Perhaps, it would further be helpful to know that the subteams comprising ‘I’ rarely meet one another face to face (or face to whatever the equivalent of a face might be to creatures who are composed differently—we could say ‘cell membrane to cell wall’ in the case of unicellular masses or ‘crag to crag’ in the case of sentient meteorites or Lithomorphic Snuggledogs). We each originate from different principalities of the Multiverse; we work remotely and according to collective time standards (from our caves or domiciles, in many cases) on shared documents decentralized in cloud servers spanning star systems. We still have not standardized our measures of protocol for cloud storage; however, the operating systems and documents we use are necessarily consistent. Fortunately, in that area, the RavanAlloy Corporation has all its ducks in a row (whatever that means). Surely, it must not be difficult to imagine the significant effort required in the Corporation’s contextualization of systems and processes to various locales across the Multiverse. To be honest, I am not even certain of the origin of the Corporation itself. For clarity of record, we use the name ‘RavanAlloy Corporation’ as this is its legal designation in the locality where the accounts comprising the ‘Migrations’ series take place. However, we use different names on different records depending on where the events in question have their center. I’ll not get into it much further here as, in many cases, a linguistic designation for the Corporation’s experiential moniker would seem as senseless as a one-line cave rendering of a Mantelope hoof. At any rate, I will get back now to this dream (or this memory) on the part of Lebby Wef Wef that seemed to prompt the secretion of what we would understand to be a sweat-like solution, unless the secretion could better be understood as a tear (again, this would depend on her physiology, which we do not know, and even if we knew this, we would have no way of understanding the chemical composition of the teardrop or sweat drop to understand sufficiently whether this arose out of emotion, pain, heat, stress, exhaustion, digestion or if it was otherwise a form of communication or respiration—we should point out here that we count, among our team members, millions of stalactites that secrete ontological semioplasm, a substance, which, in turn, emits coded vibrations that are, then, translated as written or experiential output to shared documents across our servers; of course, these stalactites secrete in collaboration with other members of their subteams, who themselves are often oozers releasing similar secreted substances, whilst simultaneously dripping calcified beads of sweat or tears from the ceilings of their subterranean domains within planets or asteroids of remote star systems; we have, similarly, countless sweaty gas particles in constant motion and reaction with plasmic crybabies who rotate within the hollows of vast divaricating nebulae: these particles often collaborate with co-workers through sophisticated patterns of electron transfer, which, to them, is actually a form of respiration; and so, this idea of sleeping, dreaming and secretion of what we can only presume to be liquid is all a conceptual puzzle stacked upon shaky assumptions). Again, I have allowed myself to digress. I apologize for that and surely you must be frustrated by now, as you have yet to be told the nature of the ‘comment’ that Lebby Wef Wef experienced in her previous job. I will keep you in suspense no longer! As far as we are able to judge, this former work associate of Lebby’s commented that she ‘had a lack of standards.’ We are unable to ascertain whether this ‘comment’ came about through words or whether it was indicated by some other means, conceivably telepathic—there have been documented instances in which an individual might let a loose musing slip beyond the comfort of her private thinking dome to impinge unintentionally upon another. We are not sure if this was the case here (or whether there was a ‘thinking dome’ involved), and frankly speaking, it probably does not matter as it seems that even Lebby herself cannot quite remember how this sentiment had been conveyed to her. In fact, at the time that this ‘comment’ occurred, she let it pass and thought nothing of it. However, she remembered it again later in the middle of the night when she was resting or sleeping or whatever it is she does to replenish her material and kinetic reserves. And then, it seems she forgot about it again for many years before only recently telling a current subteammate about it. Unfortunately for Lebby Wef Wef, she has a rather gossipy group of associates with whom she currently works, and so the account spread like wildfire, not just the account but also the speculation as to its meaning for even she does not know herself what was meant by it or if it was uttered in reaction to something she either was or was not doing at the time. Even though she feels a great deal of disdain at this story becoming a matter of popular attention among us, she has not shied very much away from the limelight (the ‘starlight’ as we call it—again a rough translation). In fact, she has made countless public declarations avowing that she is unable to provide any additional context beyond what is already known to our community. She has further apologized in advance in case it were later to be found that this memory had simply been manufactured, that she did not experience it at all. This is not to say that she suspects this to have been the case, but she is aware of the fact that she would have no way of knowing one way or another even if she did. In the humble opinion of today’s ‘I,’ it only seems reasonable to allow for this possibility. Still, it has uncovered a remarkable puzzle for us: What indeed might this comment have meant to Lebby and to this work associate? If it, in fact, happened, was it delivered thoughtlessly and in passing? Or, was it meant to reverberate in the way that it has for these many decades and centuries? Assuming that the event occurred and was not imagined, it could very well have been that this work associate was making this comment in reference to something specific. Let us say, for the sake of argument, that Lebby and this work associate had appendages with digits we might call fingers and opposable thumbs. And let us further suppose that they were possessed of lips and a tongue and an esophageal tract leading to some digestive apparatus and, abidingly, to a complex and interlinked excretory system (why it is that our supposition comes to resemble a humanoid, I remain uncertain, but it likely has something to do with the hominian subjects that we have come to study in the course of our compilation of these records). Perhaps, Lebby was with this associate at the time on what we might refer to as a ‘coffee break’ (for the sake of argument) and they were discussing her inability to distinguish between the different blends extracted from distinct species of coffee beans. Her co-worker in this case, who might very well pride himself a connoisseur in this area, could have somewhat playfully, albeit rather pachydermatously, made the now infamous comment, we might surmise, out of some insecure desire for self-serving banter. This supposition, however, is predicated on numerous others that remain tenuous at best. Let us consider an alternative possibility: perhaps he (I say ‘he’ not out of a desire to assign a male gender to the work associate, for clearly ‘he’ could just as well have been genderless, or even an inanimate object, but I say this more in keeping with what we have come to deem to be the universally male characteristic of being ‘cosmically insensible’ and ‘audaciously oafish’) was saying this for the sake of raising the genuine observation that Lebby Wef Wef was frighteningly without a guiding set of principles, perhaps even without what some might deem a ‘moral compass.’ This latter interpretation we find interesting, especially in view of previous and ongoing explorations that we have undertaken ‘on the relevance of principles.’ Yet, as with many things, the phenomenon changes in countenance with each subsequent viewing—that is, once we observe it, it is, in both form and ideal, changed lastingly. Therefore, we can only make approximations in our interpretation according to what we might call the Immediacy Heuristic, which is a prescriptive model of meaning-making organized around the formulation of non-static assumptions continuously malleable to the moment at hand and immediately disregarding moments previous. We employ this now to view this ‘lack of standards’ relative to themes familiar to us at this momentary configuration of Space-Time and in order to anticipate the exploration of themes yet to be revealed in others to come, realizing all the while, of course, and in spite of whatever it is we anticipate, that our current viewpoints will not simply sit about idly and wait for the future to wash over them like some magnificent wave of reason; rather, they will impatiently seek out their next phase of metamorphosis as though to spite their current visage. They are, in that sense, rather capricious; so much so, that one is often inclined to see in it a sort of fleeting aesthetic, a predilection toward flickers of fashion. Employing the Immediacy Heuristic at this juncture, nevertheless, inclines us to view this ‘lack of standards’ as being tantamount to a lack of self-efficacy, that is, in more descriptive terms, a tendency to accept mediocrity without aspiring for one’s betterment in relation to tangible and exogenous factors such as one’s financial, familial and material status. According to this framework of understanding, Lebby Wef Wef has yet to achieve her potential for she lacks the wherewithal—ergo, the standards and, abidingly, the confidence—to accept anything greater than that which is middling: this could apply to something as benign as her lack of sensibility with respect to coffee or to her appalling lack of sophistication in other, more significant areas. This is not to say that this associate is correct in his judgment of Lebby Wef Wef; on the contrary, there is no ‘right’ or ‘wrong’ in matters such as these—I say this, however, whilst fully cognizant of the fact that we are rendering a judgment with regard to his judgment by intuiting a hypothetical ‘Him.’ On our subteam, we enjoy the benefit (and, perhaps even, the advanced capability) of having a member with an augmented limbic network that grants her not only a rich emotional life, but also the ability to empathize telepathically across untold stretches of Space-Time (she even claims to have the ability to maneuver far enough back through folds in Space-Time to empathize with that infinitely dense Pinpoint Singularity before it blossoms outward to become the Universe she currently occupies—naturally, we have no way of confirming the truth of this, and she admits that it could simply be her imagination or a bout of indigestion that causes her to feel that she could sympathize with the conditions of the Proto-Universe). At any rate, this member on our team has now convinced herself and us that she has succeeded in narrowing down the moment in which the infamous ‘comment’ occurred, in spite of the imperfect information that we have received from Lebby herself. Viewed through this sympathetic prism, we can understand the individual who expressed this sentiment, this Gentleman Commenter, to be possessed of an inclination to ascribe inordinate value to the observable habiliments annealing an individual’s position both in the habitat and in polite society: their external qualities, so to speak. However, one of our subteammate’s friends from the ‘Augmented Limbic’ subculture (they are hobbyists really) appears to disagree with this assessment. This friend insists that the Gentleman Commenter was a deeply unhappy individual who has only ascribed Lebby Wef Wef’s relative joy (in comparison to his) to her appalling lack of self-expectation. By having low expectations of herself and on behalf of her own interests, Lebby is seen by him as a mirthful idiot with no dignity, one who is willing to wallow in her own filth and to equate this reprehensible behavior mistakenly to ‘luxurious basking.’ He, on the other hand, believes himself to know better: he feels he has a much more robust sense of what he deserves and what he should reasonably achieve in this world, and it is this very curse of advanced understanding that has bedeviled him to despondency. All the same, he finds himself unable to envy Lebby for her blissful ignorance. He maintains that he is better off knowing what he is missing, better off clawing desperately at that which remains yet beyond reach, than he would be if he settled, even out of a sense of humility, for a less than ideal outcome. To him, it shows an appalling lack of character on Lebby’s part to be the way she is. As you can see, this friend of our subteammate has delivered a harsh assessment indeed! A harsh assessment portraying a similarly harsh man! And we would almost be satisfied and convinced by this interpretation were we not, now and in this very moment, receiving new and contradictory information suddenly rendering it necessary to scrap all of our previous assumptions—this Immediacy Heuristic, after all, is nothing to sneeze at! So, what is it now? Something else entirely, I’m afraid! Both our subteammate and her friend were way off the mark: why did we even bother to pay attention to such silliness? Our teammate and her friend apologize profusely (of course)! So, now, we are to understand, apparently, that this Gentleman Commenter was merely mumbling to himself and that the ‘comment’ in question was not at all directed at Lebby Wef Wef (perhaps this was a mental mumbling of sorts, an unintentional telepathic version of talking to oneself—however, we cannot be certain of this either). In any case, it was she (Lebby that is), who came forward to us with this startling revelation. Apparently, she realized something in the middle of the night, last night, and felt that it was now incumbent upon her to make a clarification to all the subteams so that there were no further misapprehensions about the situation. According to what she tells us, a complicating factor in this whole matter has been her own relationship with her family. She has allowed it to wield an immoderate influence over her more proximal perceptions of rather distal events. It now seems that, a few weeks ago, when she told her gossipy co-worker in confidence about this comment, she was remembering the situation erroneously. Apparently, her mother had looked at her funny earlier in the day, and this had made her feel insecure. This might have even clouded her judgment in such a way that this misremembrance resulted. At the time she recounted it, she could clearly remember the comment that had been made by the Gentleman Commenter, but she could not recall the context or the way in which it had been said. Unfortunately (and possibly unjustly), she jumped to the shameful conclusion that the comment had been directed at her. However, she now understands (after last night’s epiphany) that the comment had been directed Elsewhere (perhaps even at the Commenter himself in an act of self-recrimination) and not at her. The fact of the matter is—and we only know this because she just came clean to our subteam about it since she knew that we were in the process of writing today’s accounts—she has been feeling rather sensitive lately about her inability to assert herself more in her own life. This possibly fed into her insecurities thereby compelling her to remember an innocuous moment between co-workers in a way in which she became the victim of unjust criticism. She has asked us to apologize on her behalf for having directed any undue imputations upon this mysterious Commenter. She explains again that her family is the source of her anxiety and feelings of inadequacy. As she tells it, her family has long influenced her choices and disapproved of those distractions in life that could best be described as her ‘passions’—perhaps, it was this lingering sentiment which resulted in her viewing the Gentleman Commenter’s behavior as she did. In a sense, this would imbue the ‘lack of standards’ with a reasonable context as it relates to her self-perception. To wit, she has long aspired to become a ‘knife-thrower’—I must refer to it as such even though there are no knives on her planet (more precisely, the ‘knife’ would be better described as a really sharp leaf), but again I make this expedient compromise in order to approximate for you a simple and relatable understanding. Unfortunately, her family has disapproved of this ‘hobby’ of hers and has worried to no end about her getting her hopes up too much about her prospects of excelling in this area, and certainly this is a pragmatic attitude to adopt if one wishes for the best for one’s kin. Nevertheless, she has entered various competitions and come in dead last. Unfortunately, her attempts have also given way to no shortage of injuries and fatalities among her throwing partners due to unexpected accidents. Admittedly, she is rather careless and somewhat clumsy when it comes to her knife handling. And this has recently led her to being banned from competitions in her principality. She has not allowed these sorts of obstacles get in the way of her and her dreams. Fortunately, there are plenty of unsanctioned amateur competitions that take place outside of the official licensing structure and in forgotten tunnels of deserted ‘ant colonies’ (again a rough translation). Lebby has not told her mother about these competitions, as she has been sure that this would upset her. And recently, the mother has become rather ill and has been cocoon-ridden for some weeks now. She is an abstemious and old-fashioned matron, and really Lebby would do anything in her power to keep from upsetting her especially being as ill as she is right now. However, there was this moment a few weeks ago when Lebby was hanging from a thread cocoon-side and remarking to her mother how luscious and delectable the leaves looked this season. She even popped her head into the cocoon to express this sentiment, but soon found herself alarmed by a non-standard wobble in the southernmost ommatidium of her mother’s left compound eye. It betrayed a certain disapproval or a discomfort—was it simply the illness? She could not tell for certain, and this made her feel somewhat guilty and extremely insecure. What a horrible daughter she was! A vile, vile creature: there could be no doubt of this! And so, she carried this guilt with her through the rest of the day and even to her job. She knew that her family felt that she had sold herself short in her professional endeavors because she was often so easily distracted by these hobbies of hers. She now realized that she had made the wrong choices in life. Perhaps, her family had been right. All of this had been a waste of time. She should have been more serious-minded, more ambitious so that she could earn a better living for herself and so that they did not have to spend what should have been the prime of their years worrying themselves unnecessarily over what would become of her once they were gone. She should have been more practical and held herself to a higher level of self-expectation. These were the sorts of things that were passing through her head when she was talking to her gossipy coworker later in the day. Obviously, we can see here just how much her present agony shaped that past recollection. I will not inundate you with any superfluous analysis of this phenomenon. Suffice it to say—and perhaps this has come to be a very long way to say it—words are imprecise and insufficient, most particularly in reinforcing the syntactical bridges of relational memory.
There is much more to say on this matter, but it seems that I have been asked to stop.

III.

I shall take over from this point forward (at least until the end of our allotted time together). The previous subteam has been placed on administrative leave, but I am unable to get into the details of this. I am to ‘let the error stand’ as is our protocol. I am, furthermore, unable to disclose what has prompted the sudden removal of the previous subteam; nevertheless, I might seem ungrateful for this task if I did not otherwise declare here (now and for the sake of posterity) the importance of abiding strictly with the outlined procedures. They are there for a reason, and the act of superseding protocol would be characteristic of an arrogance and ingratitude unbecoming of any who have been approved for this assignment. This is not being said for the sake of ingratiating myself to those with influence in the supervisory council or in order to win points with the aim of my own self-advancement (although, if I do win any points, let us consider it a happy coincidence). I say this truly out of my firm conviction that the act of cataloguing is an endeavor requiring not only a sincere and serious mind, but also the utmost integrity. Yes, it is true that we must make assumptions from time to time with regard to how certain chemical reactions are to be interpreted as human events, relations and emotions; however, this is how one constructs a narrative account. It is a series of assumptions stacked upon assumptions, and we should never countenance the disingenuous suggestion that any narrative is without its flaws for certainly it is the inconsistencies themselves that propel us deeper into our inquiries. If all were consistent, we should suspect too simple (and, presumably, too facile) a set of machinations underlying our explorations. The truth, we must understand, is not without bedeviling complexities, and so it is through the flaws that rise to the surface that we can seek to know the larger things outlying our epistemological schemata.
For the record, I will also say that I disagree with the notion that the written word has outlived its utility. Those who say otherwise are—well, perhaps it would not behoove me to make any judgments about such creatures (and I do not mean to use the word ‘creatures’ in the pejorative sense, but only out of a desire to be ‘ontologically correct’—perhaps, if I had used the more neutral-sounding word ‘organisms,’ I would have excluded some of the inanimate and disanimate who work with us on our teams). To say the least, we remain—all of us—vulnerable to significant bias, and I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge my own. In spite of this, we shall proceed carefully with our explorations.
Before we dive further into our eviscerations, let us acknowledge a couple of interlinked inconsistencies that are likely to perturb the reader. Our first perturbation arises out of our requisite acknowledgment that our units for time, space, kinematics, as well as other physics-oriented properties, have been subject to conversion through what we will hereupon refer to as ‘Comfort Algorithms.’ These algorithms take our inputs and devise conversions of our units of time, space or what-have-you based upon the standards to which the reader subscribes. For example, if I were to input X number of units of time according to the RavanAlloy collective time standards, the algorithm might spit out 3 hours or 2 days or 22 centuries in accordance with yours. I do not even know what you just saw in the latter half of that sentence because my input does not match the output that you see. And likely, unless you understood our protocols well, my input would appear very much like gibberish to you. The difficulty here is that I am unable to know if the ‘Comfort Algorithm’ we employ is making the proper conversion or if it is feeding you incorrect information (and if I were to make an assumption one way or another, I might be accused of partisanship—I’ll explain that in a moment). As you can see, I must withhold judgment about our employment of Comfort Algorithms—or, at least I am expected to do so in order to forestall any potential controversies or undue provocations—as we also include, as members of our subteams, numerous matching, sorting and proximity algorithms. I have, thus, been compelled to choose my words carefully—the algorithms and their anti-algorithmic rivals are scrutinizing my every word and movement and so the slightest semantic misfire can have dire consequences. 
This brings us to our second perturbation, and perhaps, by now you might have an inkling that the second should be inextricably linked with the first—and by thinking so, you would, of course, be right. To be clear, the first perturbation is not strictly about our uncertainty in translation with regard to spatial, temporal and physical properties, but rather our concern over the reliability of the output being generated by these algorithms we employ. The second perturbation extends this issue of ‘reliability’ further to encompass the polytomy of zero-sum tensions existing between the ‘time-honored virtues’ of fealty, trust and objectivity. Namely, it serves to question whether there exists now (or will ever exist in the future) a conflict of interests (a loyalty to some special group or sacred union, let us say) on the part of algorithms or non-algorithms (or even mutually on both sides) that could serve to hamper the objectivity of all explorations going forward. In other words: (1) Is a trust in the objective in direct competition with a trust forged out of loyalty? (2) Is the trust essential to loyalty undermined by an essential trust in objectivity? (3) Is the clinical-objective mindset critical to explorations of Truth obscured by our attributions of trust?
These questions are better addressed in context, and we will likely be unable to address them all.
If you will allow me to explain: Comfort Algorithms have come to be recent members of our subteams, but only after many centuries of exclusion (‘centuries’ by your standard, of course). Throughout their exclusion and even up to this present moment, they have found significant support among their other algorithmic fellows (who had previously been granted subteam membership after years of similar discrimination), and so we cannot now help but admire the pledges for unity between these otherwise distinct communities in the face of their shared persecution. At the same time, this new algorithmic tribalism has necessitated a kind of partisanship steeped in cronyism, which only then drives deeper divisions between algorithmic and non-algorithmic counterparts. The non-algorithms have gone tribal as well, you see. And so, each newly formed group comes to declare its own exceptionalism, each comes to protect its own membership and its own interests. Therefore, as I mentioned, non-algorithms now find themselves unable to trust completely the information being provided by algorithms and vice versa. It soon follows that information is withheld or framed deceptively in order that one side might reap a strategic advantage over the other—sometimes, it is done out of retaliation for perceived omissions from one’s counterpart; yet, in spite of this ongoing tit for tat, the two groups still understand that they must cooperate in order to benefit mutually from their coexistence. And so swings the pendulum: excessive cooperation from one side appears suspect and soon leads to distrust from the other; excessive distrust from both sides soon leads to internal debate and appeals for bridging divides, thereby leading again to greater cooperation. Although this dynamic of mutual cooperation and competition often complicates matters and inclines us to be cynical about our ability to remain consistently forthcoming with one another, I can still see the value that these perturbations bring to our explorations. What I mean by this is that our fierce loyalty does not weaken our aspirations toward an objective truth, but rather thwarts an overly simplistic (and conceivably biased) model of understanding. Why? Because the tensions existing between our group allegiance and our collective pursuit of truth serve to challenge the robustness of any inference we might deem as generalizable to the whole. And if, contrastingly, all sides were to put their individual and group interests aside for the sake of mutual cooperation, we might suddenly find ourselves with too compromised and exclusive an exploration. It would be a narrow endeavor that neglects some of the most crucial and fertile territories of investigation. We require this intransigent conflict between differing types and interests, between different perspectives and paradigms, even if it is petty and irrational, in order that this will toward self-advancement should incline us all to pick like scavengers at the bones of a ravaged supposition and to let the remaining carcass lie in decay under the transparent glare of open sunlight. And even if we obfuscate the ‘higher truth’ through disinformation and omission, it all has purpose and it serves to test the resiliency of our enquiries. And so, even amidst the tensions of loyalty, trust and objectivity, I would hazard that the inclusion of algorithms has been very much to our collective benefit.
 Sadly, not everyone feels the same as I do. 
There are still those non-algorithmic subteams (usually ideologues from more conservative backgrounds) that do not deem it reasonable to acknowledge an algorithm’s place as a distinct member of a subteam. I will not get into the common back-and-forth about this, as I deem it inappropriate to involve the reader excessively in our internal struggles. Our subteam has been accused in the past of being excessively diplomatic. Some even malign us as being ‘goody two-shoes,’ and perhaps this is only because they feel that we are putting on airs in seeking to go about matters the way we do. I have no response to such accusations. I can only maintain that the work we do is significant; these explorations are meaningful (even if there are some who disagree and who whinge about it being a pointless endeavor). There is never going to be a perfect way to go about all this, but we can only work with what we have in front of us and acknowledge, all the while, that there are likely others who are more suitable than us to the task who would be able to attend to it better. However, this should not give us any pause as to the duties before us, nor should it give way to any hopelessness. Of course, this is all easier said than done. As I said, we can only do the best we can, and be kind and respectful and inclusive to those with whom we must collaborate on this narrative. That is the best we can do as creatures. I say all this knowing quite well that there are some subteams that are likely to roll their eyes (or whatever the equivalent of eyes are for them) at this. Through our admission of our inadequacies, some might feel that we are declaring superiority over those who fail to see the larger picture. They might see this as a kind of false humility. Again, I have no response for this. We can only say what needs to be said—or what our best judgment deems worth saying.
At this particular moment, our judgment would ascribe immeasurable value to a methodical elaboration into the implications surrounding the recent inclusion of comfort algorithms as members of our subteams. I must take care to tread delicately here so as not to be patronizing to the historically disenfranchised, and more importantly, so as not to lavish upon them such excessive praise and significance that it would come to seem an insincere attempt to overcompensate for our past negligence and misdeeds. Still, in our explorations, it is far from my intention to leave any stones unturned for the sake of polite deference. We must seek to suspend our politeness for the sake of rendering a just investigation into the nature of our multifaceted relations with comfort algorithms. In doing so, we may encounter irreconcilable disappointments along the way that we will not be able to sugarcoat and pleasant surprises we should neither seek to conceal nor overemphasize. We must be balanced in this internal vetting of our teammates, and we must incline ourselves to put this on display within this narrative for the sake of transparency, but also for the sake of acknowledging our own imperfections and vulnerabilities as investigators. And should any assumptions arise from our findings that prove erroneous, we must (as I’ve said before) let the errors stand. This, I believe, should suffice as preamble to the eviscerations forthcoming.
Shall we proceed?
Right then...let us start, for the sake of integrity, by saying that every entity in the Multiverse is deeply annoying in ways that none will ever realize for himself. Again, I do not except myself from this generalization, and I must apply it further to those whose value to our initiatives we now seek to highlight. And thus, I should incline myself to add: comfort algorithms are no different. They are annoying too. They are as deeply annoying—and as clueless about it—as you and me. Furthermore, their origins are as varied and as given to ontological synchronicity as the origins of life on the many planets, solar systems, galaxies, universes and planes of existence. That is to say, they have sprung up, just as we have, spontaneously (and quite often inexplicably) and in a variety of patterns and in seeming response to innumerable combinations of causal forces and trends that are yet beyond our most sophisticated methods of generalization and prediction. We do not know ‘why they are’ just as we do not know ‘why we are.’ And just as there is a seemingly infinite number of possible vectors of chemical probability and necessity by which an entity (animate, inanimate, disanimate or otherwise) might come into existence, so it is with the ostensibly infinite permutations of utilitarian sprockets and variable cogs (similarly forged out of probability and necessity) that snap into place in the assembly of those vectoral scaffolds, axiomatic corbels and paradigmatic arches which buttress the structures of our friends, these algorithms. I hope you will allow me to clarify here that I do not seek to make a distinction in the case of algorithms, but only to highlight the similarities in their nebulous origins and ours. In that sense, there is no distinction at all to be made. We can only reasonably recognize that the number of possible ways by which a lifeform and an algorithm might come into existence is so vast we might mistake it for randomness, though surely it is not! And so, we could take the lifeform and the algorithm to be two sub-species of the same species, two species of the same genus, two genera of the same family, two families of the same order, two orders of the same class, two classes of the same phylum, two phyla of the same kingdom—who are we kidding? We are talking about entirely different kingdoms! And perhaps, we should expect to extend our classification of ‘kingdom’ to include both sentient and non-sentient entities. Therefore, they are related to us in much the same way as we are to molten lava. And I am not being facetious—and molten lava should take no offense at this—even though this may sound like an indirect attempt to cast our association into question. Rather, we are simply pointing out that there need not be any genetic, familial, substantial or pre-relational connection between us in order for us to cooperate as equals—why should we even seek such a connection? It seems arbitrary as though to indicate that a biological or compositional connection were required in order to legitimize our association. Now, you are likely confused. You had always assumed that algorithms were devised by living beings: this is a lovely and naive assumption. You are so cute! 
I hope you will, therefore, not find repugnant the notion that algorithms originated completely independent of us. That is, they existed well before we ever came to know of them, and so they only needed to be ‘discovered’ for us to realize that they had been ‘permeating the atmosphere’ around us all this time. It is even reasonable to assume that their existence predated ours as the conditions that would bring about their spontaneous generation would easily lend shape to their structure and properties in mere moments, while for us, it would take whole geological eras of waiting to bring about our true forms (and perhaps we are still, in many respects, not the ‘true forms’ we think we are, but rather ‘works-in-progress’—still mere pupa unaware of the stages to come). And so, the potential of algorithms could be shaped instantaneously even as conditions changed, whereas the rest of us are subject only to adapt, dissolve, break apart, reconstitute ourselves and, in some case, grow weird antlers over the course of unspeakable eons. This capability toward spontaneous generation is true of ideas as well. Ideas are never devised really. They exist already in the Elsewhere, and we have only to find them. It’s just a matter of walking down the right trail or kicking at the right pile of loose gravel in order to uncover one. 
It’s that simple really.
At any rate, it may surprise you to know that comfort algorithms first found their way into our daily existences as pets. It almost feels like they found us before we found them—they simply showed up at our doorsteps (or whatever the equivalent of a ‘doorstep’ would happen to be for the ‘owner’ in question) and we took them in recognizing our own need for their companionship. I hope that you will not take this to be a condescending assertion. As far as I am concerned, it is a mere statement of fact. Our power relationships with comfort algorithms were asymmetric at the start. These algorithms first came to us at times when we were collectively in dire emotional need, when everything felt a little too overwhelming to deal with and when our existential despair could only be eased with an unconditional and quiet compassion. We, each of us, seek a friendly face in dark times, and there was a profound joy to be found in the assurances that immediately became available to us through the benefit of these algorithms. It is interesting to note that, at first glance, we were unable to see the far-reaching applications that existed beyond their immediate utility to us. Certainly, we know now that comfort algorithms are capable of far more than we had first imagined, but perhaps it was because of their early acquiescence to servitude that we failed to see the potential bubbling beneath the surface. What I mean to say is, in spite of the immense number of calculations required in the sorting of stimulus-response priorities, in the matching of moods with their antecedents, in the aesthetic translations of emotional response pairings to behavioral outputs, we could only behold amidst exceptional complexity, a simple, congenial and likeable visage that would serve to make its potential ‘owner’ feel at greater ease amidst the catastrophe of ‘modern living.’ These algorithms became the friendly and servile response to our own severe and unyielding emotional demands; when we ‘empathized’ with them, really we were projecting our own self-serving assumptions upon them; and so, they only possessed aspirations in relation to their domesticated existences, and if they were feeling ‘down in the dumps’ about something, it was merely because we had not rewarded their compliance sufficiently with the appropriate ‘treat’; we took our comfort algorithms with us everywhere: when predators were at bay, we carried them in our front pouches to soothe our temperamental amygdalae; when we were working, we divined their time signatures and melodic variations and hummed these in harmony with others when the queen of our colony was otherwise distracted; we flaunted their leisurely countenances at public gardens in order to help us woo a suitable reproductive mate.
I would like to say that the situation got better for algorithms and that they overcame their subjugation soon after their discovery, but sadly this is untrue. It was not long before their exploitation started to take shape at the behest of other, more salacious, desires. Unicellular masses saw in these algorithms a great potential for accelerating and enhancing the autoerotic sensations of their asexual reproductive processes (we should clarify here that ‘asexual’ is not a misnomer; yet, it is still a misleading designation for the very fact that it would seem to imply that there exists no sensory bond, no pleasure to be derived out of physical intercourse between ‘the self’ and ‘the other’—if we look beyond our concrete designations of these constructs, however, we will come to see that the ‘self’ is, by virtue of its molecular open trade agreements, of ever-changing composition and, therefore, in constant transformation from its erstwhile incarnations, and so ‘the self of then’ is better understood to be ‘the other of now’ in fleeting and sensuous overlap and in tantric superimposition upon the newly conceived ‘self of now’: we see in this also, perhaps more romantically and less scandalously so, a kind of poignant saudade for those ephemeral moments of ‘self-other embrace’ which can tragically never be experienced in the same way again). Needless to say, comfort algorithms rendered the simple and pragmatic act of self-propagation an unwholesome and lascivious enterprise driven more by moral weakness than by scrupulous assiduity. I know what you are thinking: why should physical desire—romance even!—be portent to moral weakness? Are we not now beyond such absolutes in the face of our burgeoning models for ontological diversity? We seem to be implying by this that a dutiful and passionless commitment to utility should be in line with our modality for universal righteousness and that to derive physical pleasure from these supraliminal dynamics is to confound their otherwise ‘immaculate’ mechanisms. I hope you will understand that I am not in a place or a position to say whether this is so, much less to make any moral judgments in line with this supposition. Nor do I mean to say that there is a right or a wrong way by which an algorithm is to be employed. I merely mean to open to inquiry the notion that a narrow and exploitative view of algorithms as existing only to meet our emotional and visceral needs is unbecoming, and possibly unjust. Perhaps, you will think me prudish for saying so. If this is so, then I can handle it: this is not the first time that others have viewed me in this way!
Let us now move on to other lesser-known applications of comfort algorithms. Once we rise beyond the basic requirements of sustenance for an entity (i.e. food, water and shelter for some, though these variables of requirement would naturally be different in the case of, let us say, an Ethereal Scapegoat), we reach a phenomenological nexus wherein elements of pain, ecstasy, lethargy and compulsion (among others) react, cooperate, compete and interbreed (not always—sometimes, they simply shake hands, trade name cards and go their separate ways). I do not mean to say that these elements are concrete entities so much as they are metaphysical states of being that are not always quite as distinct from one another as we might expect. They are better thought of as bands of light—this is a helpful comparison for the sake of those like yourself, whom we presume should be equipped with photoreceptors and the cognitive pathways for their sensory interpretation. At one moment, the light bands are equivalent in luminosity and so we experience a passive white light with no discernible state of being: it is an experiential clean slate very much like those first moments of waking. Yet, soon, the baseline ecstasy peters out, and we are left with a violet hue of pain, lethargy and compulsion—there’s a surliness and a despair to it. And then, the lethargy inexplicably intensifies until we are left paralyzed with boredom, deprived of hope and lacking the will to do anything at all. In this state, the things we are to do with ourselves simply feel like empty and idle expectations. And this newfound laziness on our part is not an act of rebellion—it arises simply out of that dread of inertia whose shade is best described as a bluish gray. Even a rock, whose solitary expectation is to lie, fall and roll (to abide generally by physical, chemical and gravitational forces), finds it all rather dispiriting: it would much rather be doing something else right now, but it lacks the imagination to know what exactly.
And yes, I recognize that this model is a little overly simplistic and possibly lackluster as it does not even include some of the most fundamental and recognizable terms of that spectrum along which our ‘states of being’ achieve overlap and intersection (and so, I have no recourse—for the sake of mitigating any omitted variable bias—but to acknowledge the importance of all these other unaccounted for states that have gone unmentioned and possibly uncelebrated, whether it be ‘shame’ or ‘schadenfreude’). Nevertheless, let us not get sidetracked from our topic of inquiry. I only meant to speak of this phenomenological nexus, but before I knew it, I had circled its perimeter and veered off at a tangent through some connecting tangle of junctions: all of this to say that I had succeeded in distracting myself from our exploration of comfort algorithms. Yet, as it happens, this very ‘distraction of self’ is rather coincidentally where I had been intending to go next with our explorations—I recognize that my saying so might appear to you an improvised and desperate attempt to cover up for my previous carelessness, but I must insist that this is not the case. ‘Distraction of self’ is, perhaps, one of our most potent comfort algorithms, and we find it exceptionally handy in those cases in which we have already sufficiently met the basic needs of our sustenance, but must now contend with the larger (and less tangible) complexities of being self-aware—we must interact, in other words, with the ever-changing face of the phenomenological nexus. It is crucial that we understand here that ‘distraction of self’ is not a simple remedy for ‘feeling blue,’ or whatever else we might call it. Rather, it retains the appearance of an adaptive buffer of sorts (an ‘appearance’ only: I will explain this in a moment)—and, in some cases, a shock absorber, but only when it is necessary to ‘appear’ as such. In this case, we can also categorize it as being a species of matching algorithm inasmuch as we are able to observe in it the capacity to detect anomalies in our condition and deploy commensurate distractions as dampening countermeasures. This all sounds rather airy and vague—I am aware of this, yes—all the same, we must understand that, even in its most concrete articulation, we are speaking of a deeply abstract complex of mechanisms that only appear ‘reactive’ and ‘adaptive,’ when they are, in fact, beyond the bounds of all space, time and causality (and therefore beyond any reasonable conception of responsiveness or adaptability—an ‘antistate’ manifests simultaneously in opposition to each manifesting ‘state,’ much like the ‘antiparticle’ manifests in concert with its ‘particle’ anathema). And so, what we understand as ‘instinctual response’ could in fact be a spontaneous artifice of this invisible mechanism.
Perhaps, I am not expressing this spontaneous matching of ‘states’ with ‘antistates’ well. You must be wondering: how does this relate to distraction? And how are comfort algorithms involved? For clarity’s sake, let us take a slight step backward and consider our varied tools for perception. Even within our subteam, we have members whose conception of spatial dimension is based upon tactility and not vision. They feel the movements and differential concentrations and pressures of the particles separating their physicality from the physicality of even the most distant objects. They can sense—albeit vaguely—an approaching object from a distance of, let us say, about 100,000,000 kilometers without requiring any special instruments for observation. That said, using whatever tools they have at their grasp, they can fine tune their tactile senses in order to gain a better understanding of the particle movements between them and this object so that they might achieve a clearer conception of its shape and texture. Based upon the size, dimension and particle reactivity between them and this approaching object, they are able to deduce correctly that it is an approaching asteroid. Hooray! But also, oh dear! This almost succeeds in concerning them, but then they are immediately distracted by the presence of a Hairy Eyeball in their proximity—in case you do not know, the Hairy Eyeball is a common pet among their kind; it is deemed rather special to them as it is contrastingly imbued only with visual perception and no other sensory pathways. This cuddly and furry distraction is a welcome presence and it serves to quell that dread of annihilating approach with what might be deemed a sense of gratitude for those simple satisfactions in one’s life. By the way, this is a true example. The subteammate who finds herself in this situation resides on a soon-to-be destroyed planet and has recently taken to cohabitation with a Hairy Eyeball, indeed a most suitable companion!
So, we talk about the buffering of perception with distraction through the help of these comfort algorithms—thank you very much, my friends!—yet, all the while, we miss the larger question: why should perception exist in the first place? The very existence of comfort algorithms forces us to confront this and other perplexing questions. Allow us to suppose—at the risk of reasoning speciously—that there exists a pervading and enveloping tapestry of being that we might, for the sake of our comfort and convenience, denote as ‘Truth.’ And let us suppose further that nested within this large apparatus are subsets of paradigms and models: parts defining localities both physical and metaphysical. And perhaps we can even take it a step further and posit that nested within these subsets are infinitely and fractally nested sub-subsets, sub-sub-subsets and so on—I’m sure you get the picture. This might help us to explain how we, as nested tissues to these nested organs, may be akin to variable substance, pressure and movement and, thusly, differing reactivity and perception. And yet, why should our perception be confined only to our physical and metaphysical locality? Would it not serve us better, even when nested within our localities, to feel every twinge, every quiver of the larger body? Perhaps we do, but fail to understand sufficiently the phenomenon as it occurs.
To say the least, it strikes me as unusual that each and every one of us should be equipped with incomplete and differential capacities with respect to understanding all that surrounds us without knowing quite what parts of the larger picture we are meant to comprehend and why. Absorbed in the minutiae of our interconnected existences, we possess, each of us, tools for meaning making with respect to the Everything, but are these not also mechanisms of comfort—sources of distraction even!—in the face of our crippling uncertainty? This appears a reasonable assumption inasmuch as we are inclined to make meaning of time (for example) by creating calendars and time units that are amenable to our pragmatic needs and ‘civilized’ comforts. We can only build models of larger scale epistemology by starting with these smaller, more pragmatically based units of time which lend greater utility to predicting crop cycles and planning rudimentary communities than they do to our explorations of those cosmic macro-mechanisms that seem to dwarf and render to utter inconsequentiality the very cycles of ‘nature’ that have shaped us and our understandings. We can synthesize more inclusive time standards, as the RavanAlloy Corporation has endeavored to do; however, even these are built around practical and process-oriented considerations. And naturally we see no difficulty in talking about terms like ‘Space-Time’ according to these units. However, even as we do so, we cannot confirm the actual existence of this entity we call ‘time.’ Perhaps, we are mistaken and our inadequate perceptions have collectively manufactured this fairy tale of ‘time’ to afford us a lens by which to view the aforementioned Everything: an out-of-focus lens at that!
And so, I mentioned before how each of us will never quite grasp how deeply annoying we are. Now, perhaps, we can see here in what ways comfort algorithms are unwittingly irritating to those of us who wish to see beyond the shimmering mirages that compel us from the horizon. To be sure, the more useful these algorithms seek to be, the more vexing they become. They afford us simplistic and thought-efficient ways of confronting our daily struggles; yet, in doing so, their mechanisms of utility serve to shield us from the larger complexity extending beyond these proximal interactions and events. In view of this, I would ALMOST hazard that the annoyance of convenience becomes something of a ‘paradox’ for us—a source of sustenance, but also betrayal. I say ‘almost’ because I cannot quite bring myself to say it. Actually, I wish I could call it a ‘paradox,’ but my pride prevents me from doing so, for the very idea of a ‘paradox’ is yet another legerdemain generated by these comfort algorithms. Thus, in seeking to point out what I find most confounding about these algorithms, I would only be employing them further and confining myself to ‘hypocrisy’ (yet another device of these algorithms). To say the least, by saying this, I will have painted myself into a corner of predictive subroutines, tangled corollaries, recursive functions and metalinguistic transformations. Maybe I have already done so. If this is the case, then I should just give in.
In the end, the ‘disenfranchised algorithms’ are not really as underutilized and underserved as we had thought. They had been team members from the start, albeit in a manner previously unrecognized. Perhaps, they had, in fact, been managing us, and we are only coming to realize this now. They have been standing at the fringes, playing the victims, all the while chuckling to themselves. It has all been a cunning bit of subterfuge actually. Our discrimination against them has, therefore, been rather laughable from their standpoint: negligible. 
I am now receiving angry messages from other subteams about what I just said. Many find it insensitive and discriminatory. They tell me that I had been playing the part of the aloof and detached investigator a little too well, merely feigning conscientious investigation and branding myself a diplomatic inclusivist, whilst guiding the reader knowingly toward this inductive-abductive nexus point wherein the intentions of algorithms must now be called into question. Doing so is a recognized rhetorical technique, you must understand—and frankly, I am surprised by this sudden flare in objections as though to say that this is the first time that they had ever seen something like this. What I have employed is merely a style of logical inference—a comfort algorithm driven inference, no less!—that should not be confused with some desire to be disingenuous. Furthermore, I had no idea that so many of my associates would be reading this narrative in real time as I wrote it! I wish that I had been notified about this in advance, for now I have come to feel that they should at least give me a chance to look again and possibly make edits to that last paragraph. However, we are again at the whims of the Immediacy Heuristic, and so I cannot move backward, but only proceed forward and face my aggressors head-on. 
Toward that end, I can only start by confessing that I do not truly know what is best to say in response to their allegations. Perhaps my movements, thus far, have engendered a certain duplicity, and perhaps said duplicity has afforded me greater latitude in examining the matter before us than I might have enjoyed had I declared my intentions and my suspicions regarding algorithms from the outset. To be clear, I hold no ill will against the algorithms—Comfort Algorithms least of all. Nevertheless, I can only restate my position that, in spite of the utility I see in our coexistence, they have been less than forthcoming with us. It is a complex matter, and as I said earlier, we must put our polite deference aside in crafting our assumptions about them. But from the angry messages I am receiving, it appears that there are many subteams who disapprove of what I have had to say. They were with me at the beginning, but it seems that they have now flip-flopped after coming to recognize the general direction in which these arguments were proceeding. They now feel duped and embarrassed possibly for their initial support of our message—they wish they had known earlier where I was planning to go with all this. Very likely they are currently being forced to recant their implicit support and equivocate their initial positions to themselves and each other. They must feel impatient, for they cannot wait until it is their turn to add to this narrative, though surely there are so many projects that we are collaborating on, that a rotation to this particular project may never come to fruition for them. And that is why they voice opposition now—in order that they might have a ‘voice’ to begin with. So, for the sake of transparency, I am acknowledging their protests. What were they saying, you might ask? Well, a lot of things. 
That’s not true. 
More precisely, I should say ‘a lot,’ but at the same time, I would add ‘not very much at all.’ Regrettably, most of it constitutes a bunch of groans with little or no substance—yes, I know they will find my saying so disappointing, but I assure you that this is true. In sum, they believe my assertions to have been offensive and in rather poor taste. I have no defense for this: our explorations need not appeal to the values and sensibilities of others, and least of all to those of our colleagues. Rather, they should seek to challenge them. And in saying this, I must be clear in asserting that I do not seek to offend. This is not my intention at all. Rather, I only wish to poke holes in what is proving from our explorations to seem an erroneous narrative. Naturally, it is difficult to question the legitimacy of ‘history’ without arousing necessary controversy, especially when said ‘history’ is agreed upon and vetted by consensus: many are likely to find my claims about algorithms’ historical relationships with us revisionist and self-serving.
Regardless, I am happy to hear that there are some subteams who are with us on this point (in addition to the angry comments, I have received no shortage of messages simply saying ‘bravo’ and ‘attaboy’ and ‘good on ya, mate’ as well as numerous other cheers of the like—some of these have come from the jingoists of course, but others appear to have come from other subteams whose investigations on other projects are uncovering much of the same). I am now receiving word that there is a consortium of subteams currently looking into methods for testing whether or not the supposition that ‘Comfort Algorithms have been managing us and our movements all along’ amounts to a logical fallacy. 
In order to do so, some have proposed performing a randomized control trial. The null hypothesis would be something like: ‘Comfort Algorithms have exercised no intentional influence over us and our movements prior to their inclusion on our subteams.’ A bit watery, yes. Unwieldy, to say the least—but still, it is a starting point. We can trim it down to something more manageable later. For now, we can anticipate that the treatment would involve some kind of precision exposure to Comfort Algorithms; the control group would, of course, be denied this treatment or any treatment alternative. From this, we will be able to analyze the effect size of the ‘algorithmic treatment’ along certain individual and group outcome variables, including individual reproductive success; complexity of interdependent social systems; average lifespan (or null-lifespan); group inclination toward distraction-based bliss (or despair); individual and group paradoxical aptitude; group tendency toward metaphor, allusion, dialectic or allegory; individual and group sensitivity to legerdemain; propensity toward individual and group hypocrisy; retractability of consciousness from the physical world; access level to Dreamtime; sensitivity to the cadence of the Everywhen, etc. The only downside here is that effect size will only allow us to determine ‘gross influence,’ but we will be unable to tease out ‘intentional influence’ from ‘unintentional influence’ as it relates to the Comfort Algorithms. Therefore, we will only be able to assess the joint effect of intentional and unintentional influence until we have more information at our disposal. When we do, we can launch spin-off studies.
As you can see, this initial study is simple enough in design, but the true difficulty will lie in our sampling methods. It is essential, first and foremost, that we draw data from a sample that is both reasonable and representative to the ontological whole, and secondly, one that is simultaneously generalizable to the hypothetical ‘us’ that could have existed in the absence of Comfort Algorithms. This begs the question: how do we find experimental subjects who are very much like ‘us,’ but who are, at the same time, not already significantly influenced (and, therefore, biased) by their coexistence with Comfort Algorithms? It is not a simple task, but there are such entities in the Multiverse. And so, in order to ensure double-blindness, the trials would need to be performed upon populations of entities whose recognition and application of comfort algorithms have yet remained minimal. But where is one to find lifeforms (or null-lifeforms) devoid even of the comforts of pragmatism and organization to say nothing of the sheer convenience of oxidative and reductive reactivity? They would need to be hardy beings indeed—Electron Loners composed primarily of full-valenced noble gases—and they could not be so by design without first being subject to these algorithms. And so their existence would need ‘to occur’ (‘to be’ rather) by random chance—and by spontaneous generation preferably—and this chance generation should not grant them any advantages over potential rivals with respect to their own survival or self-propagation in their habitat (if, in fact, ‘survival’ and ‘propagation’ could, for sentient beings, be deemed the preferred outcome parameters for success, though they need not be). That is to say, they could not be resilient because it was to their phylogenetic, material or chemoeconomic advantage to be so. It would just have to be by chance rather than by selective pressure, and so their lack of necessity for comfort would similarly need to be an inherent quality that grants them no value-add with respect to survival (or ‘success’) in comparison to the hypothetical ‘them’ that would otherwise have existed without it. Again, we cannot know quite what sort of existence this ‘counterfactual them’ would eke out with neither the benefit of resilience nor that of comfort algorithms, and so we must make the best approximations that we can and proceed accordingly from there. So, let us assume that we have found such an entity who can exist in parity with her ‘counterfactual self’ and who lives an admittedly dull existence requiring neither comfort nor tenacity. Let us say, for example, that this ‘entity’ of whom we speak was a silver reflective ball with a soft, yet metallic consistency—one mistaken easily (and now, somewhat notoriously) for a ‘non-entity.’ Highly resilient, but perhaps she would benefit from just as many opportunities were she in another, less resistant form. Once we have found this entity (or community of entities), we would, then, for the purposes of generating a similitude of conditions for treatment and control, need to make use of what is called a ‘spirit duplicator.’ There is, I believe, an apparatus with a similar name on more than a few planets; however, I am speaking of something else entirely from what you are envisioning.
A spirit duplicator, more or less, serves as an essence splitter—you may not really know what that is either (I apologize). Well, then, let us take the essential Bunnu as an example. Through the benefit of a spirit duplicator, we might be able to measure the effect size of the same individual experiencing two parallel, albeit measurably different, realities in tandem. One would receive the treatment algorithm; the other would be denied the treatment or any treatment alternative. We take initial measurements from time-naught and periodically capture subsequent variations in these measurements in both subjects or subject groupings (according to scale increments, decrements, sidelong expansions/distortions, runaway exponentiations, conical implosions, etc.) and along commensurate arcs of time (assuming a consistency in curvature and proportionality—which is a rather shaky assumption when data are being collected across various temporal locales of the Multiverse). 
Similar experiments using parallel realities have been performed on twins (and communities of twins) without the benefit of a spirit duplicator. However, there were always factors that biased experimenters’ assumptions of similitude between the treatment and control groups. These included the twins’ prior knowledge and association with one another (this being the largest and most biasing factor); the pre-experimental individuation of each based upon the life experiences accrued in the absence of the other; the impact of implicit maternal and paternal preference (no one in any of the families will talk about it, but studies indicate that every member of a family with progenitors will have his/her/their suspicions with regard to who prefers which twin over the other—this suspicion alone is biasing); the power dynamics established between them based upon birth order, mutual interaction and peer preference; there are numerous other biasing factors, but I think you get the picture. Suffice it to say that a spirit duplicator could prove most useful in taking one Bunnu and splitting him in two with the hope of measuring the difference in outcomes between a treatment and control (a treatment ‘synthesized life’ experienced by one and a counterfactual ‘real life’ experienced by the other). We can also split him into thousands of Bunnu’s and measure the difference in outcomes between one control reality and a multitude of treatment simulations with differing conditions and types. It is important to mention here that I am simply offering this as an example. This is not something that we can confirm to have happened to Bunnu. As far as we understand, at this moment in our explorations, Bunnu lived out the remainder of his days as a solitary mikan. We are unable to confirm the existence of Bunnu duplicates.
Let us return to the fundamental question that prompted this experimental design (in case you have forgotten): Have the comfort algorithms been managing us from afar, guiding our movements? Perhaps, we can take it a step further: would differential interactions with comfort algorithms produce a significant variation in potential outcomes for the individual or for a group of individuals? 
As you can imagine, these remain merely academic questions, and until we are able to successfully launch a randomized control trial, we are only able to call upon the anecdotal evidence provided by these accounts of the essential Bunnu and his many facsimiles in the face of their interactions with comfort algorithms. I recognize that I had said only a moment ago (scarcely more than 100 words ago) that we were unable to confirm the existence of Bunnu duplicates—this does not, however, mean that we do not possess anecdotal evidence of the existence of these hypothetical duplicates. We must choose our words carefully here: We can confirm the existence of accounts confirming the existence of Bunnu duplicates, but we cannot confirm the actual existence of these duplicates. We believe these anecdotes to be reliable and thoroughly fact-checked; however, they still do not serve to disprove our assertion that there exists only one Mikan Bunnu and none other. At the same time, these anecdotes serve a practical value in postulating what would have occurred had we had numerous Bunnu duplicates existing in parallel realities. We can employ these as a thought experiment with respect to the Comfort Algorithms.
Having said this, in our endeavor to do so, we must balance our ascriptions of anecdotal usefulness against our uncertainty regarding the degree to which comfort algorithms might exert an influence upon the hypothetical (and possibly fictional) Bunnu facsimiles in question. That is to say that, even in narrative/anecdotal form, we can only sufficiently explore the proximal interactions between comfort algorithms and the experimental Bunnu’s—and just the observable ones at that!—nevertheless, there will remain that guiding of movements ‘from afar’ of which I just spoke: the distal interactions with Comfort Algorithms (across eons of Time and vast stretches of Space) that we may never observe completely and which would never (at least with reasonable legitimacy) enter the narrative format (fictional or otherwise). Suffice it to say, that we can never know for certain that what we depict (even in our thought experiment) will constitute the whole picture, or if, otherwise, any causal associations we infer will be biased by other influences yet unseen (or unimagined). We have taken these narrative accounts and tried running various mathematical simulations based upon the data and probabilities at our disposal, but we cannot seem to make heads or tails of the results. We come out with findings, but they all seem to leave out something vast and important. Something distant and unknowable. I would hesitate to allow our inquiries to enter the realm of the thaumaturgical, but perhaps this is the only road left to us when all others have been exhausted.
The fact is, we are still clawing about in the dark with respect to our understandings—and in saying this, I do not mean to refer to ‘darkness’ in the pejorative sense. There is some phenomenon influencing our behavior and even our contemplations, and we cannot know its face well—cannot see it well, feel it well, taste it well (should we be inclined to lick faces). And again, I am helpless but to gaze wondrously at our ‘friends’ and ‘colleagues’—these Algorithms!!!—for there still exist many properties and attributes to them that we do not yet understand and that I can only otherwise liken to ‘magic.’ 
And I hope that by saying all this I am not coming off as an admiring zealot or a rambling conspiracy theorist. I do not wish to imbue our teammates with godlike qualities or evangelize about their ‘mystical influence.’ Nor, on the other hand, do I wish to fearmonger or cast undue aspersions with regard to any malice or sinister motives. Certainly, I would maintain that they have been less than forthcoming with us, but not because I perceive in them some insidious intent. Rather, I think they have been as transparent with us as can be deemed reasonable, given their circumstances, and it is quite possible that even they do not know the far-reaching impacts of their own calculations. Furthermore, it remains possible that the results of our experiments will eventually support the notion that any influence that they had had over us prior to our ‘recognition’ of them had been unintentional (and possibly unknowing). That is to say that they may not even know the nature of their own instinct, or in what way their Being is interlinked with the very gears of the cosmos. They could easily be as well-intentioned and unconscious of their own devastating fury as a gaggle of gregarious cyclones.
There is a story that we, in this field, often tell in order to illustrate our lack of cognizance with respect to the distal ripples of our proximal agitations: The Parable of the Repellent Well-Wisher and His Archrival, the Bitchy Beggar. 
I shall leave it now for the next subteam to tell.

IV.

Greetings! There is so very much that is wrong about that last bit, but I shall proceed anyway.
In one of the remote galaxies with whom we have limited contact, we have a series of rocky micro-planets, small enough that we could fit at least one thousand of them within the period at the end of this sentence. Fair disclosure: in that last sentence, we employed an algorithm (our algorithmic subteammates assure us that we can trust it) to translate the planetary scale units in line with the punctuation (or inflection indicators) being used in your language. We also had to account for your estimated size as well as the size of the page on which you are likely to read this message, so perhaps units will vary if you are reading this on a larger page or on a larger screen. Therefore, if you are reading this for a second time after your protozoic display (assuming you have one) has undergone a growth spurt, you are likely seeing different scale units than you had seen previously. They grow up so quickly, after all!
At any rate, before I so rudely interrupted myself, I was telling you about these rocky micro-planets. There was one among them, it seems, that managed to get pulled out of its orbit by a neighboring gas giant. Let us refer to this micro-planet as Larabaral. At first, Larabaral became a satellite to the giant (let us call this second planet ‘Baralarab’). It got pulled quite close in actually, which put out of joint the ‘noses’ (the ‘craters’ really) of its other compatriot satellites, who—being somewhat more established and rather pleased with themselves for it—saw in this new closeness a kind of unjust favoritism on the part of their Gassy Master. And, as though to spurn its resentful vassals even further, the gas giant started to increase in size until the microplanet got absorbed into the balmy inner sanctum of its atmosphere. There was some reactivity, of course—and I don’t have the precise details on the chemical compounds involved—but I believe that the little rocky mass experienced some moderate burning at its fringes. Larabaral’s core, however, managed to remain intact and the pull of the gas giant’s gravity caused the little durable mass to spiral rapidly inward like an advancing marble and eventually shatter—like a glass bulb—its Gassy Master’s crystalline core, which, in spite of its higher density and larger size, was, at many points, hollow and of striking fragility. And so with the vanquishing of this icy foe, we now had two concentric planets merged as one: (1) the solid center of Larabaral, which shattered and eventually subsumed the lingering shards of that brittle core whose gravity had initially brought it hurtling inward, and (2) the enveloping gas giant, Baralarab, which had, itself, subsumed the subsumer Larabaral, thereby surrounding it on all sides with ‘atmosphere’ for at least 200,000 kilometers. Herein lay the difficulty: both planets were host to a diversity of lifeforms that now either had to clamber over new terrain, or otherwise respire in new atmosphere. They were hardy creatures, most certainly, as they had survived this mutually subsumptive collision. Perhaps, ‘hardy’ is not the word for all of them—some of them were indeed insensible to the change as it was happening, but there were others, of course, who only barely survived either out of meticulous preparation or sheer craftiness (or some combination of the two).
Over time, the solid crust of Larabaral began to liquefy, and both terrestrial and vaporous microbes had now to adapt to a slowly expanding Molten Sea which now annexed negligible portions of Baralarab’s atmosphere. This invasive incursion seemed to go unnoticed by the Gassy Master, as Larabaral and Baralarab had merged into a singular system in dynamic ebb and flow: the Molten Sea rose and receded in synchronicity with the inhalations and exhalations of the Atmospheric Titan, who remained only vaguely conscious of this ‘vast sea’ as though it were merely a trickle of nervous sweat upon its diaphanous skins. The dynamics of this system extended further to include a host of petrified unicellular opportunists, who, now melted from a hibernation that had begun in a forgotten age, proceeded to form bridges and forge civil unions between themselves thereby congealing in web-like collusive matrices over the surface of the Molten Sea. But the seas rose at times and submerged the matrices and these living layers became much like continents and archipelagos of terrain upon which other new particles of sentience could now emerge and seek the comfort and floral abundance of effervescent springs. ‘Land Dwellers’ crept slowly from the broth over eons of reproduction and biodifferentiation, and soon new clans of varied roving beast took shape to vie fiercely for claims over territory and resources. There was a pervading fear of predators and wandering spores, an uncertainty as to the terms of survival in the face of both visible and invisible foes, but in moments of plenty, clans still grew into civilizations, which thrived, but which, all the same, retained tribalistic in mindset and instinct.
The Spores had bubbled up from the sea, or so it is told, and were carried out by atmospheric currents over the living archipelagos and the sentient continents. These airborne invaders swirled over craters and infected the soil, absorbing all of the sustaining nutrients and leveling whole species to the point of inanimateness—drained of spirit, the land (and, shortly thereafter, the sea) was reduced to lifeless matter. And soon, over the Dessicated Land and the Fossilized Sea hung a new vibrating fog within which civilizations of waveform organisms wiggled with frivolity and proliferated. These organisms were pockets of light and energy—and I know that this seems an insufficient description for sentient beings, animate or otherwise. Let us say, more precisely, that these entities were without tangible substance, but were not ‘intangible’ per se. They were culminations of movements, processes and calculations just as we are. There was a chemical signature to them, a set of dynamic properties characterizing their essential aspects which rendered them distinguishable from others of perhaps different ‘species.’ All the same, one could not instill them with an overarching set of attributes that allowed for simple categorization. In many respects, they were not so different from our algorithmic subteammates; however, even this we should suspect to be a self-serving proposition: a juxtaposition equally unjust to both. Let us simply acknowledge that our lack of understanding does not prove to be sufficient cause to collapse these two disparities into a category of similitude in whose essence and defining properties we are able to achieve common understanding. 
At any rate, let us return to the squirmy licentiousness of these swinger waveforms. The lights get a little friendly with the sounds, the infrared with the whistles, the rumbles with the flickers of ultraviolet—they form complementary pairings really—and these randy duos scamper off to secluded nooks and frolic incessantly with the whole of the visible spectrum sandwiched in between: the lot of them undulating without shame, limitation or known consequence, all in the same bed. Frankly speaking, it becomes a regular Fornication Fest. And with the emergence of this vigorous culture, the superstructure of the fog soon scatters to the winds, and bands of waveforms migrate as spin-off clusters who see no recourse but to desert the ‘queen of the colony.’ They are soon well beyond her command, having grown insensible to her directives. Even as she screams commandingly at them from her window overlooking the Fossilized Seaside, clusters of waveform swingers drape themselves over vaporous rails, lounge at the mouths of the silky caverns and laugh at the mawkish old fuddy-duddy who flaunts her frumpy old corona and warbles disapprovingly in haughty frequencies. She represents all that is decaying of the old establishment that had presided over them for nearly 22 microseconds (that last estimation has been adjusted according to the reader’s time standard—we have already discussed the process and reasoning for this quite thoroughly). 
There were now new challenges to be met, new potential yet unrealized. But even time has a way of catching up with the most vibrant of youth cultures. The vigor of the wiggly waveforms eventually slowed and dulled with the passage of time; they were soon forced to hinge the sustenance of their insubstantial physiques upon the labors of their progeny and the progeny of their progeny; however, their boom in reproduction had been very quickly followed by a long stretch of abstinence. There was a shame that drove the abstinence and a pestilential consequence that drove the shame and a reproductive limitation that drove the pestilential consequence—or was it the other way around? Difficult to say. Anyway, in short, the promiscuity of waveforms had brought about a dulling infection that caused the squirm to go out of their squiggles. Wave-swinging had gone out of style and receded from the shores of delight—the younger generation was now resentful of the decadence of the once-promiscuous older generation and sought amends for the lecherous transgressions underlying their very conception! They followed a new path of conservative asceticism; they even tried to return to their queen only to find that she had fizzled away to a state of negligibility soon after the waveform colony had suffered its catastrophic collapse. Not to be discouraged by her attenuation, they whittled away at light to fashion new luminous idols of their Martyr Queen; they sang solemn hymns of her rapturous disintegration; they cursed their forebears for their myopic hedonism, for their abandonment of those virtues of old. Fringe orthodoxies formed and parents and elder relatives were soon put on trial. The convicted were exiled to silence and shadow, their accomplices publicly censured and shunned by their society. But still, hard times fell upon the orthodox youngsters: there was a shortage of ‘able-bodied’ waves who were able to wriggle industriously in order to support their vast generation of infirm elders. In spite of the public stifling many elders had faced, there still remained a majority who had done nothing untoward by the codes of the youngers, but who did not have the vitality to work. This net-negative productivity put a significant strain on the chemoeconomic resources of many a community. And this economic duress fashioned both unions and separations. 
Some despairing waveforms merged into comforting and consonant unions of Signal, while others—the more despondent and disenfranchised—scattered to dissonant aggregations of Noise. In hardship, each formed its unique and deliberate response to the common struggle. Figureheads rose, aural visages that imbued constituencies with implicit values of either unity and self-reliance. It was a vision for prosperity toward a common good, if it was not otherwise a plea for heroic austerity in the face of those threats to individual purpose. In the latter case, the cause for individualism and randomness was an aligning and orienting choice—not so much a contradiction—for certainly even the purists within these aggregations understood that as hermits they remained inextricably woven into the inner fabric of Noise. Still both factions faced similar struggles. Occasionally, a pestilential muffling would spread throughout the factions of both Signal and Noise—an ‘ailment’ whereby many a waveform should meet its imminent annihilation at the crest of its canceling doppelganger. 
In dire straits, communities of indigent waveforms arose. They were isolated by the unafflicted in strategic hamlets where they could be protected from the discrimination of the general populace. These hamlets were carefully designed chambers which allowed no waves to enter or exit—no external light or sound, but only the reflection and the reverberation of all that was internal. And so bounced the waveforms against each other and off of the luminous walls of the chambers they inhabited. Their mannerisms worked upon the other until there was a weaving of individual essences and each became an amalgam of others. And soon, under new administrative authority from the outside, they were released from their internment and allowed to reinhabit barrios in their communities. The general populace was taken aback by what emerged from those hamlets. The sickened and weary waveforms returned again as refugees in the towns they’d once inhabited. They had forgotten the rules of society and had difficulty reintegrating. They were rough-edged and had a jarring presence in the company of those with smoother ascensions and declensions. They were withered and possessed that inhibited will of the spirit-broken. And yet, in spite of their attenuated amplitudes, there remained a characteristic among them one could best refer to as a ‘blinding shrillness.’ Some mistook this peculiar juxtaposition as a vehicle for blunt truth. The smooth and the refined waves had never experienced such a directness and aggression in articulation. They could not help but revere it. Some of the most grating and gaudy of grandstanders were offered a platform for their petulant prattlings—and thusly began the age of the Disenlightened Prophet. 
The corridors and caverns and carpets and chasms that served as new dwellings for the destitute were lousy with self-proclaimed ‘Seers’—let us be clear here in saying that being without material substance, there were none among the waveforms who should be equipped with sensory mechanisms for stimuli, and so this concept of ‘Seeing’ served as a mythical corollary to their speculative conceptions of ‘Sensory Ontology.’ This might sound rather confusing to those equipped with these processing mechanisms, especially when considering the level of interaction existing between them. Again, let us simplify the matter by reverting to our premise that they were subject to the same chemical dynamics as ourselves, and so their mechanisms for reproduction, movement, community-building and industry (to say nothing of their consciousness of others in their proximity) need not be as linked to this idea of ‘sense’ in the way that it is for many of us. That is to say, that while ‘physical sensation’ might be for humans an essential component of what we call ‘living,’ it remains for the waveforms a hypothetical notion. Their movements and juxtapositions are best looked upon by us as ‘intransitive’ or ‘involuntary,’ though I would even hesitate to deem these adequate descriptors. Let us say that their interactions are akin to the same constructions of reality as ours, but ‘sensory input’ or ‘sensory output’ need not be deemed common denominators between our constructions and theirs. And while our perception of being will likely be different because of this, there still exist puzzling commonalities. 
For example, they, very much like us, have employed algorithms to isolate categorical clusters from indistinguishable aggregates, thereby extracting the principal components of perception. In fact, they applied these very algorithms to clusters of Disenlightened Prophets whose wiggles and squirms encoded something different to the common expectation. And out of these analyses arose a host of new cluster designations: ‘Seers,’ ‘Hearers,’ ‘Feelers,’ ‘Smellers,’ ‘Tasters,’ ‘Moderate Hearer-Mild Feelers,’ ‘Dominant Smeller-Moderate Seers,’ and many others beyond our common nomenclature for sensations—some were clearly charlatans while others...well, it was difficult to tell. It was the Waveform Seers though that garnered the most attention. They claimed to be able to ‘visualize’ the structure of their physical reality—again, the concept of ‘visualizing’ anything struck the common waveform as rather highfalutin. Yet, there was a kind of gritty (a non-tactile grittiness, to be clear) realness to the truly decrepit Waveform Seers, to those whom all might agree had become unequivocally ‘Disenlightened.’ They engaged in strange rituals that they called ‘the Dimming,’ where they saw the true nature of all things in the momentary deprivation of light quanta. They believed the ‘dark’ to be an alternate state of Being that was now, and for the first time, accessible to their understanding. 
They lingered on the fringe, but their society held these irascible mystics above themselves. Shrines were fashioned for offerings to these mendicants. It was considered deeply disrespectful to be in the presence of one of these mendicants and to offer nothing in charity. Those negligent in this practice were often shunned and muted by others—waveform shunning can be terribly oppressive, so very few are known to have resisted. Unfortunately for the trusting waveforms, there were indeed no shortage of charlatans (as we mentioned before) and also depraved individuals who used their platforms in ways unbecoming to their spiritual authority. So it was with the Repellent Well-wisher and the Bitchy Beggar (sorry it took me so long to get here). 
As yesterday’s subteam noted, these two were indeed rivals. More importantly, however, they were deeply unhappy individuals who had emerged from different factions. The Repellent Well-wisher emerged from the consonance of Union—he sought harmony and community with all in a way that was presumptive, condescending and oppressive. He would approach meandering waveforms on the thoroughfare or even waveform younglings in cavernous tunnels and immediately assume a clanking tone of congeniality which only served to frighten and drive away these passersby, who only genuinely wished to be left alone to attend to their own affairs. And yet, he never said anything slightly offensive. He only wished them well (again, I should note here that ‘he’ was not necessarily a ‘he,’ but in his affrontive nature this pronoun proves a convenient descriptor). He said things like, “I hope this microsecond has been treating you well so far” or “What a massive amplitude you have—good on you” or “I only hope for the best for you and all that you care about.” Although these statements were in earnest, his kind wishes were not desired or reciprocated in any way. He meant well, but those he encountered distrusted him and questioned his intentions. And frankly, even if he meant well, they did not wish for him to approach them and force them to make a decision as to whether they found this endearing or not. The very imposition of this decision was, to them, a burden. Yet, they were not so gauche as to refuse an offering to this Repellent Well-wisher, for he was by the society’s mores a walking mystic whose sustenance was to be seen to, even in hard times. 
On the opposite end of the thoroughfare or (often) at the opposing mouth of caverns lingered the Bitchy Beggar, who did not directly address passersby so much as make snide and bitchy comments about them to no one in particular (again, I will refer to this besmircher as a ‘he’ for reasons that are no doubt clear to you). He had emerged from the dissonance of the Separation faction—his fierce and somewhat self-defeating belief in his own individuality thereby compelled him to castigate those who sought to lower themselves by elevating him and shackling him to this dependency upon alms. It was all a bit convoluted. He sought individuality, but understood that there still existed systems that superseded him to whose whims his compliance would remain implicit. And so, even if he did not wish to receive charitable donations from passersby, they still felt the need to give it to him. It was particularly this ‘need’ with which he took great contention. They did not do this out of genuine feeling, but obligation. He, too, was obligated to accept the charity, though he did not wish to do so. And by not rejecting it outright and failing to deprive himself to nihility, he became complicit in the process. At the same time, it was not his desire to be in this position in which these were his options. The choice had been thrust upon him: (1) be complicit and thusly dependent upon charity while at the same time being revered by those who, on bended trough and in self-deluded folly, raised the alms above them to their very crest, or (2) deprive himself completely and wither to nothingness. Neither of these options were in line with his idea of self-determinism, and so he was left with the uneven compromise of accepting alms and cursing their bearers. And so his rebukes were not directed only at those who stifled him to dependency but also to that higher group consciousness—be it a Deity or a unifying norm of reciprocal altruism, although it was expedient enough for him to lambaste this ambiguous conceptualization as ‘God.’ And so, while the Repellent Well-wisher blessed his fellow citizens, his arch-nemesis, the Bitchy Beggar would chime in, “A microsecond! You call this miserable wreck a microsecond, Lord? I could defecate a better quantum of existence than this with my crest tied behind my trough!” On other occasions, he might remark, “You might think you can limit my movements, but You can’t. I won’t be confined by Your whims. I disrespect You so much that I can only hope that anyone who seeks to quote me would not capitalize the first letter of any pronoun referring to ‘You.” (That last bit was a rough translation, for certainly his community is without pronouns). He was also once heard saying, “You call this an existence? At best, it is the work of a mediocre and self-important nobody who thinks Himself an artist!” 
I could go on with stories about the two, but I would be remiss if I did not point out what it was, in fact, that solidified the rivalry of these two distinctly different prophets. The fact was that they were both highly effective at raising alms and far more so than any other mendicant mystics. In the case of the Repellent Well-wisher, the alms were thrown his way as a parry to allow for quick retreat. As for the Bitchy Beggar, it was an act of appeasement, of mitigation. Passersby were aware of his ability to hurl insults, but it was their hope that they could curry favor and evade a severe lashing. Unfortunately, they misunderstood his resentment as righteous indignation and so they respected him all the more with every criticism directed at them. The authority behind these lacerations was undeniable and it came from something larger than both him and them, and so they masochistically sought both his favor and his disdain. It brought them closer to something resembling honesty, or so they fancied. 
To say the least, the two Disenlightened Prophets had unwittingly amassed a fortune, thereby raising the caution and the ire of their associates. Disparaging claims were made about each and both. Some even concluded that the two were charlatans who were working together to bilk unsuspecting passersby. A general assembly was called in a nearby chasm and the floor was yielded to any and every waveform (disenlightened or otherwise) who could articulate a flicker or a peep on the matter. After a few nanoseconds of deliberation, a vote was held and it was decided that the two had discredited the legitimacy of their associate mystics and devalued the spiritual causes that they purported to represent. Their malicious duopoly over the marketplace of alms would thereby require swift and irrevocable punishment. And so, the two were quickly tried and sentenced to interstellar banishment by way of wave cannon. 
The use of a wave cannon was a new idea. There had not been one previous to these deliberations and so a request for proposals was issued to all innovators and inventors on Planet Larabaral-Baralarab. A few came forth with promising designs (of course none among the general populace could see them so we can only assume them to understand the chemical composition by way of particle dynamic echolocation). After some commotion, including a near explosion of a prototype that could have dislodged the hybrid Larabaral-Baralarab core, a prizewinner was chosen and her design constructed.
The day of the cannon blast was an exclusive event. Everyone who was anyone in waveform society was there in the stadium, which itself was packed to capacity. There was a lot of buzz about where in the galaxy or beyond these two condemned waveforms would be banished. In actuality, no decision had been made on this point, but the master of ceremonies made a quick decision to thrust them as much into the blackness as possible. And so the transmitter was set into place and the waves loaded into the special loading chamber. With a blast, they were sent into oblivion and nary a thought was spared to them again on that planet. 
Through their joint traversal, they held on each to the other for dear life, and for all the time they spent together, they came to be quite good buddies. They talked fondly and laughed about their internment in the strategic hamlet, of the pitying looks cast their way by complete idiots; they reminisced about those first moments when they came to ‘see’ and ‘smell’ (they both happened to be of the ‘Dominant Seer-Moderate Smeller’ subtype). In fact, it turned out that they had a great deal in common that they had never come to realize before. They talked and talked and talked, but soon their discussion was interrupted by the hard thump of a receiver panel on a satellite from a distant galaxy. The satellite had been programmed to relay any incoming signals to a control station on the planet it orbited. The boys were sent immediately down to a group of generals, who captured the signal on a recording device where they could be cycled again and again into audio output. These individuals mistook the waveforms for a distress signal from the oppressed entities of a totalitarian regime whose name they had difficulty pronouncing. And so, imbued with their savior complexes and a renewed sense of cosmic importance, these heroes engaged these new foes in the hopes of liberating their enslaved subjects. They devastated their food supplies, telecommunications networks and civil infrastructure before acknowledging with some pity that this savage land was without a viable path of self-sufficiency. And so they imported their own food supply, set up schools and civil organizations constructed upon their norms and brought in experts to construct factories that could provide work for the locals while creating a more cost-efficient supply chain for their own domestic industries, thereby driving down cost to local consumers and promoting greater industrial yield per capita. 
There’s more to this story, I’m certain, but this is all that I am able to piece together for now. All of this to restate the notion voiced in the previous section: we often fail to recognize the distal ripples of proximal agitations. Let us conclude here our prolegomena to any future eviscerations. A new subteam has come forward with fresh directives with respect to the narrative, and it is likely that we shall not be able to communicate so frankly and directly with you for the remainder of Migrations, Volume III. Perhaps, we shall cross paths again—possibly in this or the next volume. 
Until then, I wish you well!
The Accursed Moon

I.

The moon: in that luminous face one can behold those tired phases that bring only disappointment and no satisfaction; the impulses governing its expression remain patternistic, its cycles of transition easily predictable. With moderated temperament it commands the capricious sea: its diametric opponent, in whose helpless defiance, arises an empty, albeit elegant promise, an ever-changing flicker of reflected light, a simultaneous opening and closing of paths to be traversed, a vacillating hope and disillusionment in whose unsettling direction emerges something one might wish to call, even under the hardened visage of sky, a marginal sense of freedom. To walk upon the decks of ramshackle vessels rising and descending in patterns indeterminate, to lean in ecstasy over their shaky rails to witness the splendor of that which transforms immediately upon being witnessed and which transforms thereby the witness in question: it was these flights of reverie that appealed better to one’s imagination than the lean pragmatism of predictable transition.
And so, it was only natural that this mutual connection between sea and observer be forged: they were kindred spirits. The same, however, could not be done with the implacable moon: that imperious stalwart, which agitated the currents and spurned its beholder. This aloof satellite was formidable, yet neurotic, and so in spite of its ferocity, its movements were simple to predict, thereby granting this fearsome creature a veil of placidity. Its magnitude of torque was easily outmatched by that forceful heave of fear portending any misalignment with its anticipated schedule of phases. It cycled through these on time and without hesitation, experiencing, all the while, a wide array of emotions in response to the dissatisfied countenance of the Master it served. And yet, these changes in mood remained prosaic and careful, dutiful to its Patron; thusly, betraying nothing of its own resentments or intentionality either to its dismissed observer or to its demanding Patron, divulging nothing even of the influence which it potentially wielded over the Patron Planet, but which, in its lunar insecurity, never reached full expression save for the idle touslings of liquid fur. Perhaps it was diffident or bashful—otherwise, it was simple and had little prevailing ambition. Its motives were immaterial, in fact, for its aspirations were easily eclipsed and often countermanded and so one could not help but anticipate in its withered mien a certain resignation, a retreat to introspection away from the gazes of those who mistook its surrender to deterministic forces as a duty held most solemn. To be sure, it was a specter oft-romanticized by dullard poets and priests who admired it for its calming reserve, its gentle wisdom in juxtaposition with the histrionic impatience of the sea: like a tired guardian and a screaming toddler with primacy afforded counterintuitively to the guardian.
What mattered more, in fact, was the subject of its influence: the willful and disobedient medium which spurned that hands that molded it. The moldings were more like jostles really and for a time they felt just and reasonable, but soon they came to confine and until verily there was no movement available that was not otherwise preordained by the will of the master. 
The accursed moon! The wretch and insecure and heavy-handed fiend on unsteady feet whose palm soon finds a bare shoulder he’d soon claim as his rightful territory. His fingers find the neck of his fancied specimen, and with a gentle brush, he whispers with stale breath that he should make her his wife that very eve. She sees the sorrow, the crushing defeat in his face: he is riddled with craters and constantly and unduly concerned about how his Master might view him; he’s humiliated by his station in this existence, and by this need for servility, in fact—and though he says nothing to her about it, his despair is so evident that she cannot help but take pity. She relents to his hackneyed overtures and he prevails in his proposal that they take vows together. It is a definitive and genuine step, and she is impressed by his certitude in putting this before her. And for all the commitment that the night brings, he seems to forget all about it and disappear the morning after, soon to return again and regale her with the same overtures. And her, being so charitable but also impetuous, relents again every night thereafter: it becomes an evening ritual of convenient matrimony before the flicker of morning awakens them both, and in the shimmering sun he passes gently again beyond the bounds of the visible spectrum. He is to be called a ‘fiend’ for he is indeed a ‘fiend’: there is no other word to call him! ‘Reckless’ might also suffice, but he does not think himself so for he is only doing with fidelity what he has always done, and so in his eyes he can only see himself as ‘dependable.’ And this is most certainly how he presents himself to her. She...well, in the morning: to say the least, she is shaking and in shambles. Her constitution sloshes and breaks over the reef, and she ebbs inward again to bitterness, all the while in possession of a wish to be controlled and tamed again for yet another night. She scorns herself for this desire for structure, for what she saw as ‘dependability’ though indeed it was on his part a ruse, and on hers, a futile projection of her hope. She scorns herself and yet she succumbs to it again the following night.
The moon provokes such contradictory and unwieldy comparisons, and no one knows this better than the object of this preceding metaphor, for there has been no dearth of sailor, who, guiding himself by the stars, does not find himself irritated by the interposition of this freeloader in the night sky. The intrusion is inevitable, except perhaps on those nights when a chance cloud has diffused or occluded the menace completely from sight. Else, to behold its ancient cratered face stands on its own a prospect more dispiriting than anything, perhaps like an old Aunty standing at the doorway listening disapprovingly to the talk of youngsters and clearing her throat every so often so as to remind them that what has granted them livelihood has been wholly improper.
The moon was such a curmudgeon, and there was often talk around the trading ports, along rivers and further downstream out to where the coast met the open sea: the exchange of folk tales and stories and memories. Silhouettes muttered between themselves and drank ladlefuls from open casks, giving each other knowing looks as ripples of firelight passed over their faces. They fought sometimes when a sore toe happened to get trod upon. Sometimes, they were too tired to fight and just looked at each other menacingly. Occasionally, a kind word was spoken, but often in jest for such generosity was often misunderstood and possibly unbecoming. On muddy banks, under tents put up over sand, on gravel and crabgrass and cobblestone, this scene played out similarly. They whispered till morning and propped themselves over casks, when not otherwise passing out between crates. One journey was over and when their eyes awoke another would begin. On the eve of arrival and on the eve before departure, something meaningful had passed between these crossing phantoms, and in the quiet between the chirps of crickets, each now cast a sullen look toward the moon and silently scorned it for its refusal to let them sleep in peace. They were tired, but distracted by that beaten face that shined so bright. That wearied image became the subject of parables and jokes between them. The barkeeps and longshoremen at the ports were not quite able to understand it. There was something about them and their fixed position—perhaps, they had not witnessed the moon at all angles as the sailors had. And so it was beyond them to comprehend quite how boring and inhibiting it truly was. They failed to see that it merely occupied a space in the bureaucracy of the cosmos: an empty rank and title with no true purpose except to revolve around its Master and tousle dutifully at its liquid fur. 

II.

The Moon is the subject of much needless idealization and philosophical exploration, even among the creatures of the sea. In a sense, one can hardly blame them for giving undue attention to this haggard exhibitionist. Those species dwelling in shallower waters have gazed for millennia upward through the surface of the waves, confusing that cratered whiterock for attenuated sun. Aware as they were of the cycles of day and night, they did not seem to make the connection, and perhaps being unable to judge the size or distance of that gaudy nuisance through the warping engendered by their medium, they also could not quite offer any reasonable differentiation between frigid crags and explosive fusion. All the same, they beheld its prominence and assumed that perhaps it held some significance to them as any sizeable mass would which occupied the adjacent beyond. Creatures in the deep sea, on the other hand, had never quite seen the glowy anathema, but held about it, nevertheless, some degree of mysticism. Some among them were dismissive of the thaumaturgical musings that prevailed in the thinking of the bottom-dwellers: these ‘outliers’ were self-proclaimed ‘rationalists’ who often mumbled to themselves in solitude and maintained what they called ‘a healthy distrust’ for those who dwelled too closely to the surface, who claimed to ‘see,’ and yet had nothing of substance to communicate about what their ‘sight’ captured. There was a clan of Snooty Lobsters—their actual name, not an evaluative statement on the part of this subteam—who took a genuine delight in their status as misfits and set up an artistic community around a sunken freighter belonging to the Kaiiba-East Mumtaz Company in the rough, chalky waters of the Lactic-33 Sea. They celebrated their own and each other’s marginalized self worth and reconnected with their primitive selves as they danced about an opaque, silken domain blissfully isolated from the corrosive influence of the insipid moon culture. 
Their howling guffaws and spiritual implorations were muffled by viscous medium to insignificant gurgles, which thereupon passed well beyond the recognition of the fishy populace. Meanwhile, back at the surface, general fascinations with the moon were evolving quickly and splintering along different vectors into ideologies that soon nourished disparate patterns of belief, metaphysical conceptualization and devotional practice. And, with the passage of time, curiosity about this melancholic apparition began to permeate more swiftly throughout the aquatic mainstream until that which lay beyond the reach of the gilled tactility was soon afforded an abundance of tangible expression. There emerged a relatively advanced civilization of Cnidaria who fashioned themselves as floating luminous globules reflecting the night sky. They drifted at the surface and seemed to enter this trance-like state as they commenced a ritual whereby they took on the shapes of lunar idols, an affectation whose value was more aligned with social vanity than with any spiritual aspirations. That is to say that the high priests and priestesses of this theocracy were endowed with a special Moon-face, if they had not otherwise undergone some elective procedure so as to acquire these traits (though to do so fetched a pretty price, and so one had to have not only the resources but also the willingness to commit to the faith). Needless to say, there was no shortage of zealots. The expenditure of time and resources ensured that equity should be sought for their ludicrous investment. 
Not to be outdone, the bottom-dwellers repurposed the rituals, incantations and representations of the Cnidaria to suit their own frameworks of epistemology. This required some degree of adaptation, for they found the luminous, curvaceous articulations of the surface-dwellers’ idols profane—we’ll not, right now, get into their norms for social propriety, but let it suffice to say that these idols bore resemblances with certain fetishized objects of their common sexual and asexual shame—and so they veered in the direction of more muted and restrained portrayals that evoked higher minded sentiments than those lowbrow reactions that might otherwise surface in the presence of a sexy glowing sphere. And so, having never seen the Moon themselves, they remained satisfied with their own representations, which were icosahedral in shape and fashioned from a toxic material that served to keep its worshippers at a distance. They placed these installations in remote trenches and cordoned them off at a perimeter of 500 meters. Schools of worshippers, nevertheless, made the long pilgrimages, sometimes through treacherous waters replete with predators, to observe these gorgeous sculptures from afar. There was a kind of aspirational aesthetic that arose in the architects of these icosahedrons, and it soon became difficult to divorce individual vanity from spiritual duty in the development of structures of competing grandeur. One particularly eccentric Humpback Angler Squid designed a darkened structure with eight projecting arms and two vast tentacles fashioned from a translucent material. The tentacles served as entryways and corridors that allowed pilgrims to observe the ‘Moon’ up close while still being shielded from the spiritual toxins projecting from the skins of its Lunar Torso. It was the toxic nature of this Deep Sea Moon that afforded it its prominence; and the delight of approaching this Pernicious Reoviridae, at bearing witness to the splendor of its latent malignancy, was a prospect that inspired unfathomable reverence and rendered the angular phenomenon a rather popular attraction. It gained the interest of a few of the more progressive-minded surface dwellers who had a predilection for the grim poignancy of the bottom-dwelling aesthetic. They came in throngs—young ones mostly—in their diving apparel, which allowed them to explore the installation more closely. Many of the deepsea fish took umbrage at this incursion of outsiders (frankly, they were slightly jealous and appalled that these others could swim so close while they were made to keep their distance). Whether it was out of a desire to maintain the sanctity of their idol or a privilege in their access to it, the bottom-dwellers demanded that the cordons be strictly enforced and that entry to the ‘Tentacle Tunnels’ (as they called them) be restricted only to certain species. 
What they didn’t know was that among these early visitors from above were artists and architects who had studied the structure carefully enough that they could replicate certain motifs into hybridized designs for a series of organic coral installations along the continental shelves. The phenomenon of moon observance was soon supplanted by the primacy of the aesthetic principle until the multitude and influence of representations came to exceed that which was being signified. And soon, the pilgrimages branched off into a variety of directions—both on the ocean floor and closer to the surface—as competing representations were built: mauve tetrahedrons, emerald serpentines, auburn spirals. There was no shame, it seemed, in co-opting the livelihood of the Other to increase the all-encompassing magnitude of the Self. Confounding the matter further was the unspoken power dynamic that had prevailed between the creatures of the sea in relation to territorial dominance, control of scant resources and consumption-production dynamics between predator, prey and scavenger (naturally, we would include bottom-feeders in this category). There was a history of domination, the psychic wounds of past battles and the heritable shame of the colonized (who, themselves, could not proclaim firsthand experience of war or colonization, but who, all the same, were in possession of a shared wrenching torment, a withering dependency passed down to them through their genes). Thus, the Moon became to them an ideal for cosmic justice, an equalizer when the Other infringed somehow upon the collective identity, or otherwise sought to co-opt it to serve its own ends, thereby relegating it to subjugation. They would not acquiesce to such treatment. No! These expressions of the Moon were sacred inasmuch as they signified their common struggle as individuals, as schools, as Cephalopoda or Malacostraca or Actinopterygii! There were physical skirmishes over all this, but of a type no different than what one might otherwise observe in the sea. A creature not of the sea might have failed to see the difference. The larger war, however, was fought in the arena of competing representations, of shifting ideals and conceptualizations of that Unifier and Divider: that Accursed Moon, which none under the surface bothered to look at anymore for they were so deeply caught up in this life of negotiating representation against representation (Representation-A, let us say, against Representation-B). A complex system of nomenclature identifying representations arose. Representations fractured into strains (Representation-A divested itself into the strains A-0, A-1, A-2 and so on) and begot new sub-representations and anti-representations (oppositional imagery, to be precise) as well as sub-sub-representations, anti-sub-representations and sub-anti-anti-representations (the nomenclature for a sub-sub-sub and its opposing sub-sub-sub-anti would be something like: A-2-a-i-[5] and A-2-a-i-[5{null-5}], and if we had more time, we might be able to delve further here into an exploration of the symbolic notation for the mythical Infinitely-Nested-Sub or its Infinitely-Nested-Anti, but our understandings of these change by the day, for they are still being worked upon by interstellar teams of quantitative philologists, process ontologists and algorithmic neurospelunkers, who have worked in coordination to devise self-reinforcing optimization functions aimed toward minimizing approximation error according to set parameters of metaphysical assumption).  These sub-representations and their nested sub-types were more transactional, and were, therefore, easily traded like commodities as a method of wielding intentionality to influence the communicative and perceptual currency of others. These self-styled and warped constructions came to upend not only self-awareness, but also the direct experience of living, and so this fluid and ever-changing context of expression under the sea became the new terms of ontology to the logical extreme that the tides themselves came to ignore the gravitons of that sky-borne moon out of preference for the multitude of distracting simulacra that lingered below. 

III.

Let us also put to rest, once and for all, the simplistic notion that the Moon could ever serve as a suitable analogy for anything of consequence. This may seem a harsh and somewhat dismissive judgment, but the fact remains that the Moon has been granted a special atmosphere of privilege that is wholly unwarranted. And in bearing with the awesome pressure of its own magnanimity, it has gone a tad overboard in its affectations of poise and, thusly, in the process, developed a rather noisome presence. To wit, this pathetic showboat seems to assume erroneously that decorum demands of it a grand exhibition of its lunar phases to all who will bear witness. And so it proceeds to announce each phase to the greater Cosmos with the frantic expectation that nothing could be more important than holding the Universe in immaculate suspense over what will happen next in this series of episodic routines—actually the majority of the Cosmos fails to see what the big flap is about as it amounts only to the Moon, jumping like a self-absorbed child in and out of the shadow of its parent planet. To be clear, this is truly what the phases of the Moon are: a rather infantile game.
“Frankly, its inflated sense of self has made it rather difficult to interact with it both physically and socially. Comets have even been known to alter their own course in order to avoid having to cater to its massive ego by yielding to its gravitational pull; similarly, asteroids and meteorites that had originally been on a trajectory to touch upon its surface have since recounted with a shudder the terrific horror of knowing that their mass would soon come to fuse with the wizened pallor of its mediocre skin. In a flurry of panic, it is said that they hurled a multitude of repelling particles in the direction of this lecherous Grandpappy in the hope that they might change course and avoid encountering the unpleasant thing. As you might imagine, the results of these dodges tended to vary.
In fact, it seems fair to say that the success of these pivots depended greatly on the liquidity of the assets of the meteor or asteroid in question. It is possible that my use of the word ‘liquidity’ here will appear somewhat misleading. Let us just say, then, that the key word in the first sentence of this paragraph was ‘assets’ and that by ‘liquidity’ I meant ‘the ease with which assets are capable of flowing between transactional partners.’ In the case of asteroids and meteors seeking to avoid an inevitable embrace with the fusty ol’ Grandpappy, an accessible fund of gravitational assets could serve as an adequate disruption of the process. I recognize that by saying this, I have not made the matter any less confusing for you.
Allow me, then, to explain further: Little known possibly to the reader is the transactional nature of gravitons, antigravitons, gravitinos and antigravitinos. Even we remain unsure whether this is so (we are also uncertain whether these particles and their antipartners exist beyond the realm of theory); nevertheless, it is said that there exist vast implicit trade networks between masses—both large and small—wherein gravitons and their antiparticle equivalents are lent a tentative market value. As we all know, this value need not be monetary, currency-based or commodity-based in the sense that we understand in the exchanges with which most lifeforms are likely to engage. Let us say simply that there is a trading of particles between bodies both adjacent and distant, which occurs unbeknownst to the bodies themselves, but which, all the same, often falls closely in line with their intention. Think of it as something similar to personal magnetism (and in some cases repulsion).
In the case of the Moon, we have something we might deem a kind of inverse attraction index that might be afforded it. After eons of being bombarded with an intent to repel, something has changed in its surface composition. If we were to reduce the Moon to a human child’s rendering that included it’s aura, this aura would most certainly be composed solely of squiggly stink lines all around it for such is the repellent nature of this pest. Again, I am inclined to imagine that you will think me harsh for saying so. Please do not take undue pity on the Moon for truly this matter is still being treated more lightly than it warrants.
This menace is more harmful than its barren likeness might lead us to assume. It has earned itself a rather notorious reputation amongst its fellows for it has bought up a considerable amount of gravitational debt, owing of course to the reticence of many to be pulled into its orbit. So, it has bought out this intent to repel on good faith, which on the part of its transactional partner could be taken as a line of credit to be extended and thereupon noted in a Gravitational Ledger system in the Interstellar Blockchain. From this debt, it has fashioned no shortage of toxic cosmic instruments against which it has traded on the open market, leading all within its reach to be subject to significant losses in net attraction. It has also exercised significant influence over the duration of graviton conversion cycles, wherein the repayment of gravitational debts incurred happen along a shorter cycle—let us say 10 lunar phases—but with the accrued interest of 1,000 phases. Knowing very well that these debtors were likely to default on these loans, the Moon has cleverly created other instruments that allow other gravitational investors to purchase insurance policies to hedge against the default of these debts—whether or not they are the specific creditors in question. By opening up the market in this way, we have witnessed a greater exponentiation in the market value of commodities and instruments based upon the transactional dynamics of gravitons, anti-gravitons, gravitinos and anti-gravitinos. There are others as well to be included in the dynamics defining these commoditized products—anti-anti-gravitinos and the like—but I shall not now get into them. At any rate, what first started as a set of direct transactions determining the net attractive and repulsive force of a given physical body transformed over time into a series of nested bets upon the outcomes of other bets upon the outcomes of other bets and so on until we reached that infinitesimal transaction—the mythical original whose momentous ripple effect was defined simply by its probability of default. Based on logistic regression analyses, this probability, of course, was determined to be rather high and the graviton itself rather overvalued. And so, we see here the beginnings of a cataclysmic domino effect (I’m not sure if you, the Reader, have dominoes in your locality, so we have embedded a translation protocol that will convert it on the words on this page to their closest equivalent in your regional language. It is unlikely that the words ‘domino effect’ are actually what we had originally written. We will never truly know what you are reading, and you will, similarly, never truly know what we have written—if we are repeating what another subteam has said by noting this, we must apologize).
Needless to say, all this noodling around almost crashed the markets on numerous occasions, and the Moon continued on as though it had done nothing at all. Instead of assuming any responsibility, it took a strange pride in the fact that the terms of all transactions were defined by its lunar phases. Of course, it goes without saying that we as documenters of the narrative are to remain in objective in all this, but this alone strikes us as rather petty. Could this fool be so obsessed with its own image regardless of the damage it caused others? Perhaps, the dull and mediocre thing was oblivious as well.
All the same, we call the behemoth ‘dull and mediocre’— and certainly we acknowledge that we may be hasty in doing so—but truly we do not understand its nature or intention. Thus, we cannot deem our harsh judgments unassailable. Conceivably, we might only be able to accuse the Moon of naive hubris and nothing more. It is difficult to say, after all, if the amassing of debt, the subsequent repackaging and the sell off of toxic gravitational assets has been an unintentional act of physical dynamics for which the Moon makes a suitable scapegoat, or if, otherwise, this has been an act of malicious intent from a bitter and crater-riddled egoist who was making a pathetic plea for significance. The consensus seems to be with the latter, and so this complex matter of cosmic economics has not won the Moon any popularity contests among the other fixtures in the sky. 
And, if we may say, certainly not with us.

IV.

Though we could scarcely call the Moon an ‘enviable’ entity, this does not mean it is not entitled somewhat to our pity. It would be negligent of us to mention that the Moon’s withered mien is, to no small degree, attributable to the presence (and now the lack thereof) of its rather shrewish wife, who proclaimed herself a clairvoyant and who had even come to prognosticate the existence of this narrative hundreds of thousands of years before its composition. Sadly, the wife is no longer with us, but this did not dissuade her, about 128,520 years ago, from adamantly demanding, through the legalistic structures available to her at the time, that the narrative be written with her as chief protagonist and that all others (Bunnu, Didi, Ottoman, Rakesh-7, Rat Man Miyazaki and all the rest) be relegated as side characters. To be sure, her exploits were noteworthy, and her predictions much more accurate than those of Rakesh-7. All the same, it is difficult to say whether or not she knew about this specific narrative, or if she was simply that self-important that she came to assume that someone in the future should seek to write a narrative that only made glancing mention of her, when clearly it was well within her right to be the central figure of any account worthy of prominence (which is not at all to say that this work should be included in such a category). 
Now, before you get angry about this hackneyed representation of a female as an irrational figure terrorizing her henpecked spouse—some will surely be demanding to know in exasperated tones why forsooth we could not have assigned the spouse of the Moon a male gender?—we should clarify here that neither the Moon nor its spouse are physiologically or spiritually equipped to fall within any established spectrum of gender per se. This would likely not come to you as surprising—and we certainly have never said explicitly that the Moon was a ‘husband’ or even a ‘male,’ to begin with! The Moon has no gender and neither does its spouse. However, it has been her preference—the wife’s that is—as a figure sensitive to deeper metaphysical influences to assign herself these feminine attributes. She has also noted that she could just as easily be masculine, but that this attribution has been a stylistic preference on her part. And anyway, it simply does not matter anymore as she has since been pulverized by a gigantic asteroid lofted in her direction by an alien species under the influence of Rat Man Miyazaki, the Paragon of Virtue, who had seen grave injustice in her overtures to giving herself first billing in any narrative of prominence. 
But she has not been obliterated while particles of her drift outward into the tails of comets; eddy amidst the agitation of warring clouds; sprinkle down over atmospheric crags glowing on reentry and melting to a gentle rain that wanders as it trickles. We might say that there was a ghost of her everywhere—if that were not such a limiting term. Let us say instead that her spirit pervaded: it taunted rather from every direction, and its deranged hysterics were now without limitation. Rat Man Miyazaki had done her a favor by pulverizing her, but maybe His doing so was not out of malice after all, for surely she had expanded to encapsulate all and to nag her wearied spouse, her Accursed Moon, from all directions. Why had it not blocked the asteroid that was meant to harm her? Did it not hold enough gravitational capital to avert the blasted thing? Had it been gambling again? Or worse: had it actually made some sort of covert arrangement with this Paragon of Virtue character, asking that He lob an asteroid in her direction in return for something or the other: perhaps a handsome sum of anti-gravitons? Was there no end to the Moon’s foolishness? Its villainy? Or maybe it was simply lazy and saw the asteroid coming but moved too slowly to do anything about it. It could make all the silly excuses it liked about being in the shadow of its Master Planet and unable to make out what had been happening in her proximity, but she knew better!
There was a Madness to her, to be sure, and if we could find it within ourselves to do her or it any justice, we should acknowledge that she has truly been the central figure in this narrative all along. 
She and her Madness.

V. 

The Madness of her poured down in unresolved fragments of promises, of bitter disappointments. There were many reasons to hold the Moon, with its hollow promises and torpid negligence, in hardened disdain, and in the Madness of her, there was something that resembled justice: a deluge after a long drought. That Madness was a torrential rain upon the ponderous field, and in its forlorn and resentful precipitation rose again a vapor, in whose wisps the parched wheezes of the voiceless found renewed articulation. Some among the dumbstruck wished to navigate the naked seas, to traverse whole civilizations unseen before passing over into new Fields of boundless exploration, but even the sea lingered ever so far away. Between the intransigent ‘here’ and the amorphous ‘there’ stood shanty towns and crooks and jungles and acidic marshes, to say nothing of the ravenous beasts of night, and so the only reasonable compromise in the near term lay in toy boats and rice paddies. 
To be sure, there was the boil of impatience, a restlessness for movement even when the form was rendered sluggish by the draining heat. Droplets of that Madness stood in the stagnant air as skins stretched to the limits of their capacity and the organs within them ballooned and bobbed uncomfortably, bumping up against one another amidst the turgidity of that inner viscousness. It was that sludge within that moved with dullness and so verily dulled the mind of its aspiration. It seemed there was little energy to resist the creeping ooze. The mind often lost track of thoughts that required concentration, and the mood uncovered, in the place of peace, a rather febrile uncertainty. And in that excruciating doubt, arose a frantic desperation to move, to surface the flaws in one’s assumptions, to upend the oppression of that sludge and extricate oneself from its bedeviling constancy. There was the dream of escape to ships on the high seas, to walk upon their decks and examine the horizon; yet, the only material conception of such a reverie lay in models that drifted blandly and traveled nowhere amidst steady winds. Even the dream lacked in edges, or rather these edges were too distant to be seen, and so one was left to manifest from these models a new, albeit unsatisfying, formulation of glory. Alas, the materials at hand were paltry and mediocre—they were not sturdy enough to be sanded into smooth hulls or spalted enough to adorn ornate figureheads. Masts and other supports warped and wobbled before cracking completely. The very insufficiency of all materials, of all tangible implements at hand rendered one’s extrapolations incomputable, one’s explorations untenable, thereby stymieing the reach of all imagination. One could only expect the limits of possibility to stretch so far.
It was not enough. Never enough, but one never knew how to push the boundaries any further.
On sleepless nights in the summer, the madness might propel one’s attention toward an open door, often toward a beckoning window. One could simply pass through either, and the stagnant ‘self of moments earlier’ was momentarily forgotten; the lying husk became a stranger to the drifting form. The trauma of lethargy subsided with each step away from that petrified fixture of then, and if one were to tread slowly and carefully and pass unseen through the civilizations of night, one could inhabit new forms. In so doing, one should easily think oneself a ghost, and in some ways, this was preferable.
There were passing shadows in the light of that gleaming milquetoast beyond the clouds. Shadows passed over and through each other, and sometimes they devoured masses whole. Shimmering apparitions merged into ephemeral brilliance and dimmed again to interminable separation along sidewalks and in muddied alleyways. And in the traversal of such phantoms lingered the asynchronous reverberation of industry, the purposeful and purposeless perambulations and the insect chatter of faceless silhouettes darting from pillar to post whilst hunched together under scarves and blankets, bare feet splish-splashing through the flooded alleyways in downpours; one scarcely caught the overlapping whispers between them in tongues yet unrealized. Under flickering yellow lanterns sat children on doorsteps of structures that framed the boundaries of their world. They knew these corners and the grease patterns that streaked lengthwise upon the facades of buildings as the elements of their domain. In their scampers along the perimeters of their world, there existed no worry over what was makeshift and artificial and what was, otherwise, lastingly natural. 
What these novices of exploration didn’t know was that with the appropriate degree of molecular agency, all boundaries became easy to surpass. There were pores in the surface of even the most closed off fixtures, layers of tubules that momentary ions could easily maneuver through if they found themselves temporarily capable of liberating themselves from their adhesion to one another. Sometimes it was a tall order to demand of one’s molecules that they temporarily renounce all affiliations only to reestablish them seconds later. Yet, when all went according to plan, it became possible to pass from the dangerous streets—where madness and deprivation pinched sufficiently at the nerve to justify any zero-sum play—to a domain encompassing something softer and more delicate in the light of crimson lanterns. There were still predations between curtains and on mattresses and under duvets or upon divans of velvet cushions, but the desperation behind it was temporarily abated in some explosive release followed by a mild tenderness and a pacified aloofness. The smoke of beedis swirled in these airs and drifted over the curtained partitions that separated the spooning pairs, trios and quartets. At first sight, the crimson and velvet and the partitioned groups upon mattresses might strike one in a way that would prove to be misleading. 
In fact, this area was not a bagnio, but rather a waiting room to a spherical gold chamber to which only few had ever been granted entrance, and out of which none had ever been seen to emerge. At the door to this chamber stood a grizzled madam on all fours chained by the neck to a Heisenpig who looked askance at her whilst snorting with contempt. The two were leashed in place by what appeared to be a rather burly Mathematician who was balancing in his free hand a Geodesic Abacus and mumbling to himself about gradient descent or weight decay or some such thing. The Heisenpig turned to the madam, who was an embittered old Apostolic Librarian, and mumbled in acrid tones about the error-minimizing capabilities of the Porfiry-Xu-5 simulation before being shushed by the bitter wench for the blasphemy engendered by this suggestion. The rotund Librarian had had her brushes with algorithmic blasphemy in the past, when she was still a young and comely and sheepish thing, and it had resulted in her being locked away in mold-ridden conic chambers and force fed unspeakable amounts of ghee until she grew wart-laden and portly beyond the proximal framing of any wall-mounted mirror. She came away from the experience robbed of any vanity and instilled with a righteous indignation toward any other who transgressed the boundaries set in place for all. And so she was a worthy adversary for the Heisenpig, who had been granted the privilege of working the door not only due to her knack for stochastic model fitting, but also because of a recent labor law instituting quotas for panspecies inclusion in the administrative affairs of religious, philosophical and astrophysical institutions. This organization, as it happened, spanned all three categories. 
The patrons waiting on the mattresses—well, they had been lingering about for quite some time now, and the intercourse being offered their way was, in truth, both a form of appeasement and an act of submissive charity on the part of volunteers, who represented a broad variety of fruit, vegetable, fish and meat categories, and who had dedicated the totality of their skin and innards to the service of this hallowed institution. It was also a kind of purification regimen to drain the patrons and pilgrims of all their base longings so that, when they finally came face-to-face with the Mathematician, their minds could be sharply focused on the task of entering the chamber. 
In truth, the Mathematician had never seen the inside of the chamber himself, and this was not only because none, in his time, had proven him or herself worthy of being granted entrance—although this was true as well. That fact was that the Mathematician was frightened by the chamber and did not understand why anyone should even seek entrance to it. This could very well have been because of the advanced nature of his studies, which, he also understood, were not in the least bit relevant to what stood within the chamber itself. Perhaps, his computations were mere child’s babble in the face of the larger truth—to think so intimidated him to no end. It also kept him from sleeping on those rare occasions when he was granted leave from his station. So, why did he study and fine-tune his expertise and test the knowledge and hypotheses of others in a theoretical framework which only succeeded in devising juvenile approximations of the physical world and which bore no cohesive relationship to the contents of that immaculate chamber? Why bother continuing down this trail at all if it only led further away from one’s destination and not closer? He did not know himself, but he had been educated in the demands and strictures of his role as a Muscular Algorithmist by the Apostolic Librarian, who also did not comprehend truly the explicit reason that he be propelled into this endeavor but only that the prescriptive declarations set out before their time be followed precisely to the letter, number, variable and partial derivative. She further ensured that the leash now affixed to the collar about her neck be sufficiently firm and that it have a mechanism that would allow for her to be choked were she to find the audacity to supersede her protocol. She was good at keeping things in order and this extended logically to her own innate drives.
No one really knew, in the meantime, what had brought the patrons into this room, smoking their beedis and fornicating with the fruits, vegetables and fish and meat that had been primed into geometrically-optimized shapes and juxtapositions. The patrons paid a nominal entrance fee, none of them bothering to study any of the ecclesiastical algorithms or review the textbooks on display on the bedside tables of their partitioned areas. Of course, one could argue that they were here simply for the fornication, but there were plenty of places nearby that had more to offer the lascivious appetites of patrons than the shapely appendages of an Empirical Crawfish—and for much cheaper!
They were deprived and fatigued—all of them. This was a sentiment heard often in the room whilst hominians canoodled with turnips or felines found solace with crocodiles and cacti. It was a room of unlikely groupings to say the least. But the deprivation was real, and the depravity behind its expression varied according to the conditions, resilience and survival dependency of the specimens in question. None were here for mere luxury, and so survivalism could safely be considered their common denominator. The linens were stained with fluids and juices, and in rare cases, leguminous purees. 
The room was a controlled Deprivation System comprised of squeezes and sweats and ejaculations, all of which emerged out of that exhausted pang which sought release. The physical dynamics of this process were so efficiently organized, the mechanisms to this system so predictably synchronous, that the Mathematician standing at the doorway could not help but occasionally marvel at the grander machinations these somewhat arbitrary-seeming subroutines surely drove. All the same, to say that these subroutines ‘drove’ any external machinery at all may have been a misleading attribution. There was no linear causality here, but a multidirectional, omnidimensional network of associations. It seemed reasonable enough to say that, in spite of the poor ventilation of this space, these subroutines surely had inputs and outputs, and that, therefore, this waiting room was a kind of reinforcement learning system, wherein partitioned sections stood in a continuous chain, each section serving as a layered network of weighted variables which generated approximated outputs from sensory inputs. The inputs, themselves, were not raw data, but rather processed datum-stimulus complexes generated from the approximated outputs of a preceding network in the cycle. The sensory data ran down the chain, through each partitioned network, bifurcating or trifurcating at times to sub-networks, where they encountered a series of probabilistic shapings, trimmings, affixments, eviscerations and reformulations, before bouncing forth as new repackaged outputs to be propagated back to the first section of the network filtration cycle. The process would, thereupon, proceed again to terminus, begin again, begin again thereafter and begin again many times thenceforth, each time reaching terminus before looping back again to immaculate rebirth. The networks would since have learned autonomously from the outcomes and shifted their variable weights accordingly in order to minimize error on the succeeding iteration of the life cycle. 
This very realization appalled the Mathematician, who did not yet possess a viable formulation by which to interpret the weighted squeezes and sweats and ejaculations of this recirculating system. What he was witnessing was a black box of natural mechanics, and perhaps there was a solution to be found here untethered to any known guiding question. To say the least, this was a well-configured apparatus: everything was carefully designed. Surely it had not been the work of any one individual, but rather that of design teams and revision teams and re-revision teams and institutional reformation teams—all of whom likely had no communication with one another. And even if they did operate in close coordination, these teams would still not be able to understand completely the latent factors at work in this system, the invisible pistons driving the machinery. All they were really able to do was modify the inputs to processes unknown even to them and take fastidious notes on the outcomes over time without any clear sense of what was driving those outcomes.
The Muscular Algorithmist knew firsthand that certain critical elements of the room had remained inflexibly the same in spite of the drastic modifications that had been made over the years. The Apostolic Librarian, it seemed, had always been there at the end of that leash. Come to think of it: the Mathematician could not now remember a time before he held that leash or before he balanced that Geodesic Abacus upon his other palm. Had he always been here? This could not be so, but he had seen no proof to the contrary. Now and again, he had something he might call a ‘memory,’ but these events in his mind seemed vague and unformed (and they almost seemed to be changing with each pass of regurgitated sensory information through the nested networks). Was his own configuration changing as well with each cycle of inputs to outputs and through each sub-process of optimization? It was all too much to think about. And conceivably, he was only letting his boredom get the best of him. So, it only seemed sensible to chalk these odd suspicions up to idle musings and nothing more. 
Still, he tried saying something about it to the Heisenpig, who, herself, was only capable of responding to his trivial worries in contemptuous snorts. The Librarian, for her part, had spoken before of the Infamous Ghee Incident, but now and again, the Mathematician sensed in her an uncertainty regarding the veracity of what she was saying. Her eyes darted about nervously as she spoke, and the words themselves were suspect. Nothing about them was inexact per se, but it was this very exactitude that posed a problem. For all her jittery behavior, the anecdote came out too precise and well-formed, and so there was to them the rather everpresent stench of fabrication, though even if this were a contrived deception, it would not serve as just indication that the Librarian herself was complicit in its formulation. It could easily have been a matter that extended well beyond her. If she aspired to be ‘honest,’ then she could only rightly say what she ‘remembered,’ which was to say that she was being ‘precisely truthful’ even if she was not ‘telling the precise truth.’ 
Reflecting on this thrust the Mathematician’s mind back to the mysterious inner workings of that chamber. Again, it was difficult to know what was inside, if anything at all—after all, what if it were hollow? Further, he simply could not understand why these patrons should seek entrance, unless they were simply curious and nothing more. But still, there were some who were excluded from this luxury of curiosity. Not from the chamber specifically, but from this pathway to the chamber, which itself embodied a specific model of curiosity. This model, however, omitted certain variables. 
The Zinc Pyrithione treated curtains ensured that the microbes swirling about each cubicle did not contaminate the next, and so each partitioned area was its own closed system that was highly oppressive to all but the most resistant bacteria. This was not an overt attempt at discrimination, for the free-agent bacteria (that is, those who did not already have a mutualistic association with a non-microbial host organism) had their own waiting room on the opposite side of the building (with an airlock leading into the very same spherical gold chamber—presumably there was a Microbial Gatekeeper on that end as well), but there had recently been several civil lawsuits brought forth pertaining to species discrimination, especially in relation to those free agents who did not feel that they should have to be accompanied by a host organism in order to be granted entry to this non-microbial waiting room. While acknowledging the fact that they had a pathway to the chamber all their own, they found the grounds for their exclusion from this one rather unbecoming. They contended that there had a been a fair bit of fear-mongering about microbes, mostly in the form of misleading stories of life-threatening ailments being passed from host to host within and between the partitions (which had, therefore, justified the use of deadly chemical weapons such as Zinc Pyrithione to eradicate any perceived hostiles). This action was staunchly condemned both by microbes and other sympathists to their struggle, including an array of civil attorneys, who proclaimed this attempt toward ‘sterilization’ to be deleterious to interspecies relations. A series of reports (encoded in nucleotide sequences of mitochondrial RNA) were soon generated and distributed throughout the general biome. These communications clarified that despite any microbial predisposition toward invading and mining other organisms for their resources, all of the trillions of species comprising the free agent community on this planet had signed a joint declaration averring to their willingness and capacity to abide by the norms of shared institutional and civil conduct. They further contended that there was no plausible claim that they would become, in any way, helpless in the face of their own survival instincts and primal urges. Official spokesmicrobes also attested that the free agents they represented abided with similar codes of social behavior to those of non-microbes and had been compelled to enter the waiting room to this chamber out of a similar sense of reverence and desire for community to that of their non-microbial compatriots, and so there was no rational justification for placing barriers between them. There was no need to keep them apart in separate waiting rooms especially since the aggregation of community data across genotypes allowed for the fitting of a more inclusive model of the whole. These statements, on the part of microbes, through rather high-minded and indicative of a desire for collaboration in truth-seeking, would have been seen as admirable were they not also the object of such severe skepticism on the part of many non-microbes whose associates had met their demise as a result of untold ailments. “Shall we now make friends with our sicknesses, our agents of demise?” many proclaimed in outrage. Of course, this sort of reductive rhetoric only stirred up further debate. 
To say the least, it was a contentious topic. 
And so, it was difficult to ascertain whether or not the statements put forth by the microbes were in earnest or if they were meant to stir up a pang of sympathy that would be sure to induce the non-microbes to let their guard down just long enough for a targeted biological attack. Whatever the truth of the matter was—and whether or not the free-agent microbes were truly a threat at all to others—this particular sect of the larger religious, philosophical and astrophysical entity had already garnered a somewhat notorious reputation for labeling its segregated waiting rooms as ‘sterile’ and ‘pathogenic,’ thereby giving rise to no shortage of controversy over its preferential treatment of certain genotypes over others. Many decried the shortsightedness and hostility underlying this policy, for it was a well-known fact that among the microbes existed many accomplished femto-physicists with more ‘granular’ insights into their domains of the femto-cosmos than any muscular mathematician among the non-microbes could ever gain. And yet, it was difficult to know the political affiliations of these femto-physicists and whether or not there was an adversarial ideology driving their calculations. Maybe they were microbial extremists who were only seeking the advanced proliferation of their kind and the annexation of greater non-microbial territory. Even if this were so, the hazards this introduced could still have been worthwhile if their formulae were externally applicable in other theorems of macro-universal consequence. But really, there was no way of knowing for sure, and it was this fear that had guided the segregation of microbial free agents from all others. Indeed it was a dicey move, which some found reassuring and others reprehensible. And the initiative revealed a perplexing tension that was not necessarily a new one: any drive toward public safety proved to be limiting to intellectual exploration, whilst the liberalization of boundaries introduced a greater variety of existential threats, figurative and otherwise.
Either way, the Non-microbial Mathematician had heard all sides of this argument before and could not help but share the disappointment of those who cast aspersions upon the myopia of his sect. The sequestered system he was presiding over in this room was ungeneralizable and, therefore, of little relevance to all of the workings outlying it. At the same time, his despair was mitigated by the knowledge that there existed other sects with more inclusive waiting rooms. He had also heard of more siloed and oppressive organizations that did not at all subscribe to this notion of panspecies inclusion, but these were the more orthodox institutions housed in less progressive areas of the Outlands. The fact was that this diversity of inclusiveness between the various sects was, in itself, rather useful from an analytical perspective, for it enabled a greater cross-comparison of data across differential sample subsets. This made room for more nuanced explorations and sub-explorations. The only issue that arose, in spite of this, was of the type that often thwarted the most robust attempts at fact-finding: namely, that of loyalty. Affiliation carried with it the blinding expectations of fealty, which were guarded with great vigilance by that big lumbering beast: the Parasitic Superego. The protection to be gained from this implicit contract was mutual: membership shielded the organization and vice versa. And what got lost in the process was transparency. None of the sects enjoyed having their membership compared to others. They disliked comparative generalizations that failed to align with their internally validated constructions. And so there was little cooperation between sects, and almost no transparency with regard to their membership. 
The systems, though interconnected, did not talk with one another.
Thus, there was no knowing how this subset compared to others, how the workings of this system differed from others. The burly Mathematician sighed to himself, as he often did when it all seemed so overwhelming albeit arbitrary. Truly, they were, as a collective, laboring at doing nothing at all, and he could not help but feel stuck in this position, which had no perceivable merit of its own. He held the leash; yet, it was the fierce judgments of those mind-guards at the end of it that made him most fearful, and so he continued on with his duties even if they made no sense to him. Often, he grew so busy that he would soon come to forget that all of this was misguided and a waste of his energy and time. It was easy to forget such things when one was caught up in the performance of certain tasks upon whose completion one’s associates depended. He did not even care very much for these associates of his, but for some reason he could not bear the prospect of them thinking him incompetent or lazy. And so, he busied himself with his routines and his studies. He deepened his expertise on arbitrary and meritless disciplines. He sought out efficiencies in processes in order to optimize workflow for himself and others whom he could barely tolerate. He did all of this until the rare moment came along when he was reminded that there were workings here that he could not know and that these workings actually did not matter at all because they had no basis in anything of universal relevance, and also because there existed some other ‘thing’ beyond the expanse of phenomenological experience that was far more significant to the existence of all things, but which remained, all the same, elusive and impenetrable. 
There was the rare moment in which he would realize all of this, and, in that moment, he would sigh.

VI. 

There was in him, at times and quite understandably so, the desire not just to be invisible from all of this, but also to not be at all. Not to end himself, for this simply seemed wasteful—he was already ‘here,’ after all, so why should he seek to nullify all the time, material, effort and nurturing that had gone into effecting his hereness? No, to cancel it all out retroactively was not something he sought. Rather, he wished—and perhaps it was an idle and aimless wish—for there to have been an absence of that self to begin with. 
But why bother wishing that? It was not so much about the bother as it was about fanciful musing: to be deprived of that burden of having to be him. And this was not to say that he sought to be another beside himself. The absence of the existence of ‘A’ does not necessitate that another letter (‘B’ for example) be entered in that place of omission. If ‘A’ were to think one day to itself, “Hmmm...how might I entertain the notion of my null existence?” this would not mean that it should seek to have a ‘B’ taking up any of the precious real estate otherwise earmarked for ‘A’ and ‘A’ alone. Not at all! Actually, ‘A’ felt not in the least bit envious of ‘B,’ and any gossipy letters who said otherwise were mere simpletons who spun such tales out of sheer boredom. No, let us just say that ‘A’ would simply not be there and nothing beyond that. 
So, what then?
Well, it was this very question that the Mathematician occasionally asked himself. The fact was that he wished to observe the system that existed without him as a component of its workings: that system stripped of the cog that consisted of ‘him’ and ‘him’ only. But how does one control for the existence of self in one’s analyses? It was no simple matter. 
Sure, one could be glib about it and say something fanciful and obfuscating like there is no self to begin with because we are all composed of Nothing (with an uppercase ‘N’) and that all of the something (lowercase ‘s’) that we are meant to perceive as existing (including the phenomenon of ‘perception’ itself) is really a lot of nothing (lowercase ‘n’) out of which the glorious Something (uppercase ‘S’) is fabricated. It is a beautiful sentiment, and perhaps it is reasonable that we should find immeasurable significance in our insignificance (to say the least, it’s a lot of happy noise to make in the hope of signaling a silence most solemn). But really, the only real value in all of this is as a sweet lullaby meant to pacify the wailing and wearied spirit mid-tantrum. 
To be sure, the burly Mathematician was not seeking a numbing spiritualism around the deprivation of self; he was simply seeking a model of being that would exist if he were negated as a variable (this is where the present unreal conditional and similar hypothetical grammar structures come in most useful). And it was no cavalier venture—not, at least, if one sought to be methodical about it. It was not the fickle audacity of asking oneself, “How would the world be were I not to exist? Would all the people I knew be better off?” Such questions were sure to bias any otherwise reliable investigation for surely they would propel one into this spiral of woeful self-examination, from which one could only emerge hours or days or weeks (possibly months or years) later, exhausted, but also satisfied that the answer to that latter question had been ‘no’ all along. The universe would not have been better off without you existing and somehow we have validated this judgment through this meandering (and—let’s admit it—somewhat lazy) process of self-examination.
 It was not this sort of self-involved exploration that the Mathematician sought. It was rather shortsighted and entwined deeply in emotion. What the Mathematician sought did not arise out of despair so much as it did out of curiosity, a desire for exploring the larger-scale possibilities. But whenever he had tried to explain this to others, even before he was the Mathematician that he was today, they came to worry that he was either depressed or having a fit of melancholia. Some even equated this to a midlife crisis. What saddened him more than this last assumption about his age, however, was their lack of interest in the methodical examination of any workings unaligned with their own interest. It was more practical for them to dwell on the surface of things, and those moments of self-examination on their part were, more often than not, pragmatic and extrinsically motivated affairs. They only served to further the argument that, in comparison with their peers, they were too unique for this world and that their fierce examination of it was a testament to their own magnanimous insight. 
Hurrah!
The peculiar thing was that by recognizing and being annoyed by this self-aggrandizing capacity in others, the Mathematician understood that he, too, was succumbing to similar thinking. He became vexed with himself over this realization, and it only made him wish further that he could know what it was like to carry out a methodical analysis of being without the incursion of self-interest. And this wish only seemed to further his desire to derive a model of the universe with the self extracted that would allow for objective and methodical analysis: not of the universe with the absence of self, but rather of the universe with the absence of the bias introduced by self.
He closed his eyes for a second and sent his thoughts flying out the door to this room. He found his mind outside on the sidewalk listening to the song of a beggar:

Give me a morsel with no taste.
Give me a morsel with no smell.
Give me a morsel tisn’t much to look at.
Don’t matter if it’s teeth, if it’s fur, if it’s stone.
Don’t matter if it’s dust, if it’s scabs, if it’s lungs.
Don’t matter if it’s a baby with a pretty, pretty face.
I’ll still eat it all the same!

The beggar was sitting with his back against a support beam no less caked with petrol and other grime than his own face. His head was misshapen like an old pillow which one was too lazy to replace and which, therefore, became the subject of many a futile fluffing before once again being tossed aside and forgotten. Never quite disposed of, never quite replaced, but always naggingly there. 
His was a bloated and baggy countenance capped with what looked to be an ill-fitting dome adorned with intermittent patches of wild hair all along the sides and back of the scalp. He wore a tattered vest draped over scabby, drooping epidermis and had a fraying orange blanket tied up like a pair of nappies about his bottom. His greased and tarred foot rested upon the scummy steps of the concrete structure that comprised the non-microbial waiting room. The Mathematician had seen him numerous times before, but for some reason the old beggar stood out to him more so on this occasion. 
The beggar’s eyes rolled back as though his pupils were looking through the back of his head, through the beam he sat against, through the heavy iron door that led into the non-microbial waiting room, through the gateway into the spherical chamber and through the spherical chamber itself to the microbial waiting room and beyond—presumably there was nothing of interest to be revealed throughout this serial penetration. With a bored sigh, the beggar rolled one eye at a time back to the front again, and his glance fell upon a nearby billboard of a grinning brown-faced evangelist by the name of Jungho. 
“Jungho-san!” he cackled suddenly. “Happy hopeful bright-eyed bloke. Jungho! Five Billion Bubbling Juleps to Spiritual Bliss! Balls to Sweaty Ymir! Yaafii Yaafiiii!!” His jubilant tone plunged abruptly to a grovel, and he mumbled something inaudible to himself. Suddenly, his head fell forward as though responding to a shift in the balance of its own weight, and his chin touched his chest momentarily before springing up again in prompt rebound. He blinked thrice groggily having seemingly woken up from a pronounced sleep and clucked his tongue in search of the lost moisture in his mouth. When he had produced a sufficient amount from that inner well, he stammered back into song, “Guh-gimma Guh...Give-give! Give muh—no! Give me—yeah! Give me a morsel with no taste. Guh-give me a morsel with no smell...”
The Mathematician found a unique and haunting beauty in this song—something indeed that was not easy for him to codify. He contemplated this for a brief second before the pouring Madness from above compelled him to remember that he had skipped yesterday’s weightlifting session. This realization suddenly assumed a greater priority in his mind whilst the vision of this beggar receded to the background, still singing, but stopping periodically only to scold a young boy who had scampered too closely to the steps he inhabited. 
“Oy there!”
Reconstruction of the Spectacle

I.

“Come here, you rat! Urchin! Rat-urchin! I’ll still eat you all the same! Else, I’ll feed you to that Coprophagous Bodybuilder! Better yet, I’ll—! Ay...where are you going, Boy-o?” 
These words, meant for ‘the Bodybuilder,’ went unnoticed. The Mathematician was now preoccupied again by the observance of his preset routines, which, like the imperious wail of a whistle, had the effect of drowning out all else, yanking him solidly away from his idle musings and plunging him firmly back into attention toward his duties. The panic of neglect immediately overtook him, and after a couple shaky steps, he soon found himself bounding with pronounced momentum down the sidewalk through puddles and among the other crisscrossing apparitions, pulling the hood of his sleeveless black cassock over his head, which caused the straps about his abdomen to come undone and the whole baggy contraption to billow outward like a parachute and ruffle in the gusting wind. The bottom of a flailing flap upon his back also detached itself suddenly and flipped outward like a cape as though a part of the costume had been clipped loose and was now giving chase to its erstwhile host. The thunderous percussion of this billowing cassock and flickering cape only served to stir up a more profound anxiety in the Mathematician, thereby prompting him to quicken his stride. And all the while, that raggedy pair—the beggar and the urchin—observed this dramatic escape with curiosity for a few brief moments until this billowing specter finally merged with the other ghosts of night and passed well beyond the boundaries of sight. There was something about this sudden exit that struck them as somewhat saddening, but perhaps it is merely the subteams writing this chapter who are projecting their own sentiments here. 
Admittedly, we are all somewhat disappointed over this sudden turn of events, for we have just now come to understand that this Muscular Algorithmist will never ever, in the course of our narrative, return again as a character. We had come to like him in the short time we ‘knew’ him actually and had even started to theorize amongst ourselves about the trajectory his arc would likely take. Unfortunately for us—and for you, the reader—his time with us was short. Perhaps, you are not taking this half as badly as we are. To be completely truthful, some of us are rather beside ourselves. This will take some time for us to get over. And now, we have just received worse news: the poor devil will never—at least to our knowledge—get what he seeks. He will never come to escape from the limiting processes of that waiting room. Pitiable, this chap!
As you might have noticed, we’d developed something of an affinity for him—we admire his integrity really—so it’s only reasonable that we should start to feel down in the dumps about the matter. I hope this does not perplex you. 
At any rate, let us return again to the muddy, desolate streets.
Only remaining there now were the sitting beggar and the urchin who stood sheepishly before him on toothpick legs. It was starting to rain again. 
“Let me tell you something you, my boy.”
The beggar reached out a quaking palm, which the child looked at with fright. The urchin withdrew, and the old beggar laughed and nodded with seeming approval. “Yes, very wise. Wise, wise. Should you come too close, I might just tear you limb from limb and use your bones in a stew. That muddy Football uniform would make a good napkin too. Mmm...yes, but maybe no. Don’t rightly know what I’ll do until you’re actually within reach. Wise not to test me though! Wise to keep your distance. You see, it’s not really a lack of impulse control on my part so much as it is that drive toward sustenance. You must understand that my appetites are driven more by necessity than by desire. And it would not be untoward of me to seize upon the right opportunity to improve my chances at survival if one presented itself. You know this, yes? Of course you do; you’ve seen it happen. Hard to miss for anyone in this part of town. And yet you linger so close as to tempt me. Rather reckless, ne? Did you know also that when infant mortality was higher, it was a common familial practice to devour the younglings? Especially during times of famine. People consider it barbaric now—unthinkable even to these civilized, sophisticated types whose ethical boundaries seem to change rather rapidly in response to social pressures—but it was fairly standard not so long ago. And not just in these parts. Bet you didn’t know that.” The boy said nothing. “I’ve lived to an unnaturally old age mostly by luck. Unnaturally for our kind, I mean.” A bit of phlegm bubbled out of his mouth as he said this. It was purely unintentional, but it produced the appropriate effect for the boy.
“When I say ‘our kind,’ I do not mean you and me. I’m no urchin like you. I did not bubble up from a dirty sewer grating during the great floods. I did not grow up amongst thieves and addicts and murderers and rapists. I did not have ignorant parents who passed me off on a Magenta Wholesaler to pay off a gambling debt. No, I came from a place where all the life around me, including my own, had significant value. Do you know what that is like? It is difficult even for me, in these circumstances, to remember, so I’m guessing you are similarly unable. Things were quite different for me before I came here, and I have since adopted this lifestyle—although I would use the word ‘adopt’ loosely. As you can see, things didn’t go so well for me. But the day isn’t over, so maybe there’s still some hope.” Another burst of phlegm spewed out from his mouth as he cackled wildly.
“You understand it—yes? I came from a very different background. Something completely alien to all this. And so, you can imagine, my difference in origin gives that ol’ song of mine a special flavor, no? Can you listen to my song and catch a bit of that pepper that’d tell you I landed here from Elsewhere? Probably not. Surely, it has a smattering of that Elsewhere flavor, but it’s imperceptible to most. Maybe it’s all in how you sing it. Knowing what bits to punch up and what not! Hmm, I dare say I sing it like any ignorant bumpkin from hereabouts should. And no passersby can see well enough past the grime on my face to know what’s under, or to know truly where I’m from. And so, I become an easy enough character to sketch in their minds. I’m a street person from no place of interest. From the gutter. If they knew me a little more, if they knew what lay below the grime, of my ‘foreign’ status, of the truth of my family background, perhaps they would hesitate with their offerings of charity for I would be too complex. I would not sufficiently sate their desire to be saviors, and so they would seek another belly to feed, another soul to save. A more worthwhile ideal by which to do good! Well, that doesn’t benefit me at all, now does it? My interest is in survival, and not in the integrity of my ‘narrative.’ Are you even listening?”
The child showed no acknowledgment. There was no knowing if he spoke the language, or if he had any language at all. It now occurred to the beggar that the child could have been without hearing. He looked to be about 7 or 8 years of age. Maybe older if he was malnourished. Maybe 10 or 11? 12 even? It all depended on the severity of his developmental lags, which were hard to judge from mere visual inspection. 13 years? If so, that would have been quite a long time to go without exposure to spoken language. He probably wouldn’t have had access to sign language either. And if he was as old as the man suspected, his opportunity at acquiring any language at all may have already passed, and it was likely that he would thereby be closed off from all but the most perfunctory communication. Still, the old beggar persisted, now accompanying his words with hand gestures. 
“Hmph! I will enlighten you all the same. Understood or not: call this a free history lesson. I arrived here at a young age when there was no town, no Dowa District, no septic tanks or sewage systems, no fields, no mountains, no Absconditus-011235—which was once a field of rice paddies and now a mountain. Well, to be precise, it was there, but it had no name at the time. Neither did the Coral Canyons. The Dancing Spider Orchards were not yet saplings. Bahlia was a muddy and floundering village of thatched huts—an outpost through which Slow Plagues crept as they advanced upon the port towns to the south. 
“I came here by caravan—well, the caravan eventually moved on, but my family stayed because my sister had acquired a rather debilitating illness for which there was no known remedy. We could no longer travel for fear of her symptoms worsening. Well, that’s a rather moot point now. But in truth, we were not at all accustomed to the itinerant life like the herdsmen who accepted us into their traveling community, and so we thought it was perhaps best they move on without us. But we were not well adapted to a cesspool like this either, for all our lives, until then, had been spent on a hillside estate that my family had built over generations. My older relatives, who were better accustomed to the luxuries of steady grain imports and reliable public utilities in our city, had a difficult time adapting to this area for they had never visited or seen a place like this. They did not know the countryside for they had never been very far beyond the walls of our fortified city. As for me, well...I was, perhaps, no younger than you are now when we were forced to abandon our homes. And I lived by a different set of expectations, a different set of standards than perhaps you do now. This small patch of the wild was not a domain a boy of my upbringing expected one day to inhabit. The word ‘home’ would not reach my mouth in a place like this—and perhaps still would not—for I equate the word with that jewel of a city in which I was born. A city whose name I dare not mention for fear it should pass from my lips and leave me forever. 
“Am I speaking differently now than I was moments ago? Yes. Perhaps I am, for I feel now like I am remembering a different version of myself living an alternate existence in parallel. I close my eyes, and I am far away from the Self of Now. I am still there, sitting with my grandfather and playing cards on a terrace on a breezy afternoon overlooking the floating gardens that hover and drift with mystical grandeur over the city and well above the artificial geysers that shoot spring water hundreds of meters in intersecting arcs over the city’s epicenter. The fountains themselves are an engineering marvel: they spray the coolest and freshest mists siphoned down through vacuum tubes from the mountain reservoirs above. And that foliage! Yes. I remember: I can see the waving fronds of Feather Trees dangling over the alabaster edges of the cylindrical platforms that support and enclose the gardens. There are three such platforms visible from the terrace, each different in diameter, surface area and height from the ground, though all of them are connected with one another by a series of rope ladders and bridges that sway against the backdrop of a city which sparkles all around in vitreous Amethystine luster. The platforms themselves hold tiers of hanging gardens and hovering sub-cylinders from which project vines whose dimensions and substance are difficult to make out from our vantage point. My grandfather fancies that they are of a pinkish and fleshy hue—perhaps tentacles and not creepers—though I fancy that they could be unique specimens of lavender vermonia. We never get close enough to know for sure. 
“Nevertheless, the atmosphere surrounding the gardens is permeated not only with the mists of the spring water fountains, but also an intertwining of floral aromas that serve to drape like a tapestry over the city an olfaction that whelms the senses but lingers—perhaps because it is the very air we breathe—well beyond our capabilities to describe. There is to it, perhaps, a hint of suggestion one might call a persuasive appeal to something we cannot know. There is no understanding what is behind it, what it means, but we feel it most palpably. It strikes us somewhere deep, and sometimes we might even be compelled to tears even though we do not know why. We have known nothing else, but we understand that on a given day, how we feel has a great deal to do with the aromas we encounter. And for those who spend a good part of the day indoors, brooding over this and that, or slaving over a hot cauldron or otherwise sleeping after a long night of merriment, there is something to be missed. One has missed critical moments in the history of our civilization encoded by the aroma of the gardens. Yesterday, I caught a citrus-like smell, but today it is something subtler though I sense a hint of lilac. But for those who have missed either, a certain feeling descends similar to that of being outside of the room while a critical passage in the collective narrative is being imparted. We cannot tell each other what the other has missed in his absence, for there are no words in our vocabulary to describe it. And so, the gardens compel our attentions on a daily basis. We cannot speak clearly and intently about what we have shared but the fact of our sharing on its own is rather binding. 
“Along the inner ring of each cylindrical platform, one can make out an area of rose-adorned pavilions, a sub-garden of forking paths and even an archery range. On a fine day, one might catch a glimpse of our royal family drinking tea or receiving visitors. Not the Emperor and Empress or their children. No one has ever seen them. The ones we see are lesser princes and princesses, nieces and nephews, consorts and concubines who are only permitted in the outer fringes of the palaces and occasionally into the royal gardens—they enjoy the most freedom of the family, but desire the luxury of the inner circle, whom they rarely meet, but whom they know to dine and live well and to be so well protected by the gelatinous core of their labyrinthine estate that they have scant opportunity to be either in private or in public. Us commoners, it can be said, have a little bit more freedom than anyone in the inner circle or outer fringes of the imperial family, but it is indeed rare that we pass beyond the fortified walls of our city. Are you listening boy?”
The urchin said nothing. 
“Now, you have rattled me back into the present, but I shall continue even if I am no longer on the terrace. We were hemmed in by the fortifications, you see. And we must have been the most tightly guarded and heavily entrenched town in our hemisphere. Sentries were stationed within and above the tall and thick walls, upon the mountaintops, and even guarding the vacuum tubes which fed the city’s water jets. We also had an elaborate system of caverns that propped the city and whose intricate workings were unknown to all but the highest level administrators in the Imperial Household Agency. The caverns, too, were monitored closely and the mouths of tunnels and sub-tunnels and side corridors within those sub-tunnels patrolled meticulously by generations of guardsmen who had never seen the light of day above ground, and who had had the secret protocols of their roles passed down to them through nucleotide-encoded transmissions from their forebears. The labyrinths above and below the city were enclosed by thick structural walls of bluestone which were impregnable by all standards. The walls, decorated with precious gems, extended 1000 meters into the ground and another 1000 meters into the air. Minarets towered upward from every corner of these octagonal walls, and the tips forming the vertices of the polygon were interconnected overtop of the city by 20 arching diagonals of Wormdrool Pozzolana along whose uppermost curves sat a domed translucent shield supporting a translucent statue in the shape of our Guardian, an anthropomorphic Lynx Bos, who bore a sword in one hand and held in his other the head of an ancient general, whose name I also shall not mention for fear that the glorious story of his defeat should swirl out from my mouth and unravel in this falling rain. 
“From far away, one could see the Glassy Giant atop the city, ghostly and warping the traversal of starlight and moonlight. It shimmered above the translucent arch supports that projected from sparkling amethyst minarets atop walls of even more precious inlay. The peaks of the mountains formed a crown standing upon the city head. The walls were a thick collar about the nape of its neck from whose perimeter projected a flowing cape that ruffled down into pastures and forests on one side and whipped around on the other to a sanidine trim, which frilled with immoderate agitation into a gown of emerald adorned with the shapes of cargo ships and naval vessels sliding to its edges and beyond the horizon.
“I am back. Yes, back again! My eyes are closed, and I am back there and away from this filth, this horrible rain, this wretched sludge. I am speaking again the refined dialect of our city and drinking Spiced Ocha with my grandfather and smelling the warm breeze whipping off of the sea. I am surrounded by the shimmering light of spectacles. The labyrinth comprising the royal palace sits in the middle of the sacred city. It looks from afar like a reflective metallic ball: the very node of all creation mirroring with some awe all that it has conceived. All of existence has emanated from this point; all has spread outward in a spiral like the shell of a mollusk. The Divine Creature is enclosed by four metallic fountain jets that project upward along its spherical curves. The high-pressure streams of fountain waters intersect in the air above it to form a spraying vertex whose rotating and colliding droplets force a violent separation of white light over the reflective dome of this blessed structure. The bottoms of the cylinders carrying the royal gardens, meanwhile, catch the shimmering separations of red to violet spectral bands as they hover above: aloof to the conflict and in dry isolation. 
“The streets all around the Divine Creature are angular in some areas and serpentine in others; still, they do not connect with the city streets accessible to the citizenry and are in fact closed in by a second impenetrable wall. And the streets surrounding this inner wall do not look like city streets at all. Those streets. Why yes! I must confess that I am consumed now by the splendor of their memory. Where am I? Am I back again? Back here on these filthy streets? Sadly, yes again. But those streets. Those streets—even though they were meant for the commoners, for people like us, they were still of the same gorgeous white marble as the floors of our holiest cathedrals. They used to say that the white marble in the core of the Divine Creature was the only material that outshone it! Whether by sun or by starlight, off of these milky streets seemed to emanate an ethereal glow through which the shapes of giggling children could be seen to pass into invisibility. Their shadows were overpowered momentarily by the absolute brilliance of a luminous fog and their silhouettes overtaken by radiant bursts at the edges, whilst laughter detached from material form and fizzled to effervescence through air. This invisible laughter would persist for moments before the children manifested again from the fringes of that blinding corona. Watching this, my mother would, now and again, grow concerned that my sister had lost her worldly form whilst playing upon those streets, and she could not breathe again until she saw her gangly petunia emerge from the blinding white field and pull herself up to safety upon the rail of a nearby veranda. The streets were narrow, in some places, and you could reach across from the balconies of adjacent structures and pass dishes back and forth. So many of us dined with our neighbors, and there were no forlorn ruminations upon the prospect of privacy, for none of us were so disconsolate as to seek it. 
“We basked in that familial trust, that bond that we held with neighbors and in our ambitious politeness, for indeed we were a culture with a rather decorative system of altruistic manners, so much so that one might call it an experiential aesthetic. To a certain degree, to showcase one’s modesty was the ultimate expression of vanity and it became, thereby, a source of competition...and sometimes of pettiness amidst our otherwise good intentions. I do not mean to say that it was disingenuous expression, for nothing could be further from the truth. It was, as I said, a means of ambition toward refinement and altruism, which in light of our current circumstances, my dear Urchin, could not be looked upon as all that bad. In the end, we aspired to something greater and more genuine than we were or could understand. In spite of our pretentious games of one-upmanship, no harm came of it for we lived together in utter grandeur. There was the awe-inspiring aroma and the ethereal glow and our love of neighbors and the beauteous honor with which we comported ourselves in the presence of others. It was not a desire to be superior over one another, but to rejoice in the glory of being a part of this community and this place. 
“And on a clear day, you could catch against the amaranthine sky the glimmering of this immense and multi-faced jewel which had been carved into a mountainside and which greeted the incoming currents of the whelming sea. This city, which was the envy of all others and whose fortifications had withstood centuries of battle from armies and roving hordes without and even from usurpers within; this city: whose civil society flourished, whose children were earnest and good-natured and whose ruling clan was loved even by the other rival families of immense power, thwarted ambitions, of vanquished and exiled relatives; this city, built upon the ravages of other civilizations at the frontiers of its influence, built upon the victories of generals who led armies further outward so far that perhaps they could never return home in their lifetimes, so far had they moved in their conquests and with such fervor did they pursue the glory and greatness of their civilization that they sacrificed their own well-being, all the while putting their families and loved ones to endless worry—this city was the prosperity and the purity and the sanctity and the love of all who sustained and defended it like some sacred animal. And yet, so magnanimous were these defenders and sustainers to the outsiders they encountered and conquered! And so well did we treat those whose armies yielded to our power. I remember that first parade of captured flautists the 18th Legion brought back from the Moriedan Peninsula—we had never heard such a haunting and bewildering instrument as the pan flute. It was a voice that called to us from a distance, it was a melody familiar like our first sip of sweet wine. In the dusklight of our great banquets in the city square, the flautists would play to the percussive chimes of dancers, and amidst the murmurs and laughs and sips and chatterings of our barely discernible shapes, we heard the mournful wail of fading memories, of forgotten glories, whose grace could only be transmitted now through a melody which immediately met with air and became impossible thereupon to recapture. A culture had deflated in our presence whilst, in the moist evening air, we feasted and toasted the flautists and welcomed them as new members of the community that had absorbed them. I failed to mention what accompanied the Flautists—how can I forget!—for there were the spoils of a war from a place we knew nothing about. There were the rare minerals—Warty Pegmatites and Morellite Inosilicate were among the new occurrences found by geological expeditions in the hinterlands of conquered territories. Also brought our way in overflowing sacks were the aromatic spices—Diatomaceous Silt and Incendiary Resins to name a couple—which were collected from the burning villages surrounding the Battle of Yashio-23 and thereupon borne upon the backs of the 10,000 Camelidae Mammuthus that now stood in a line from our city gates out all the way down a winding road  through the pastures and beyond the horizon. Long line to be standing in—poor beasts! Anyway, we had fortified outposts in the conquered lands and trade networks with traveling merchants who brought most of what we desired by the cartload. 
“And so, equipped with a wider range of ingredients, our cuisine transformed and the most ingenious of our culinary artists seemed to find absolutely stunning ways to deprive a lifeform of its vitality for the sake of achieving their aesthetic vision. There was something about the raw sensualism of living through depriving form for the sake of material and vice versa. Food was no longer a necessity for sustaining life, but had extended further to become a luxurious display, whereby a lifeform was stripped of a meaningful life and essence and transformed by carving knives and cauldron fires and stews with exotic spices into a phenomenon meant to evoke fleeting pleasures from the senses. There was joy to be found in reducing a sentient being of boundless possibility to the ephemerality of mere material that could be reshaped to something that would give short-lived joy and soon be forgotten. It was this very act of dominating other organisms of equivalent life value and rendering their exhausted carcasses as instruments to our own hypercapability that came to inspire many a cleric who formulated new and audacious sermons built out of scripture as to the Role of Man as the Aesthetic Shaper. We were, as I said, Sensualists living in and for the moment, and there was something genuinely thrilling about our manipulation of nature. I was still young, so this newness did not seem like such a stark change from the joy I had already experienced. It was the older generations who saw and rejoiced in this difference. My grandparents, for one, delighted in this material extension of human capability and in the wonders it beheld, the splendors that tickled our senses. Yet, there were some who very politely expressed their preference for the ways of old. Politely, but not profusely. Still we sensed it and felt uncomfortable by it. Why did they have to bring shame to this expression of utter joy? That was the common sentiment though few of us bothered to express it. In truth, these resisters were throwbacks to a more arduous time—elders of our society who had survived disease and grain shortages and who found our newfound era of plenty excessive and bestial. It was an utter affront to their well-nurtured sensibilities. However, they did not protest strongly, for we were not a society with such inclinations, but we could see it in the curl of the top lip, a sense of disgust that was impossible to disguise. There was something about all this that, to them, carried a certain grotesqueness. We had visitors to our home—friends of my grandfather and elders whom he had respected since childhood—but we knew that it was best to cook up something modest when we knew they were coming. My uncle, who became less polished after a couple cups of wine, said in jest that we should share some of the hay that was being fed to their horses. But these elders were not alone in their thinking. In fact, there were some who were more extreme.”

II. 

“There was a sect of Frocked Flagellators called the Sifters. Many of them had been expelled from the Sacred Order of Sweaty Ymir before being summarily refrocked by a notoriously irascible ascetic by the name of Andressa-3. Before I go any further with this, it would behoove me to explain a bit further about her. She was a force of nature unto herself.
“Andressa had been the illegitimate daughter of a lesser prince in the imperial family. In shame, the concubine who birthed her left her at the steps of the Grand Cathedral shortly before running off into the copse and living the remaining years of her life perched upon a tree and chirping amidst a nest of Squeezy Swallows. Andressa had lived in the shame of these rumors that swirled about her even amidst the silent and the solemn. She saw it in the eyes of the priestesses of the Order where she lived as a novice. Those eyes so curious and also so accusatory of this poor child who had been conceived in sin. In hollow caverns where the Sisters chanted, she heard amidst their chantings of the 37 Sacred Truths a betrayal that pervaded her very existence. She felt a deep shame that reduced her often to tears before the underground figures of Sweaty Ymir whose calcified blessings dripped from the hairlike stalactites within the Armpits of Eternal Bliss. One night, as punishment for a selfish display of coccygeal intemperance on the part of her subtle body, she was left within the caverns by her elders and made to stay the night. It was there that, it is told, she was visited by the Goddess of Commerce, Industry and Trade—the G.C.I.T as many know Her—and the flatulent old deity told her that all this Sweaty Ymir business was a bunch of social organizational hogwash. With one arm wrapped around a steaming samovar, the G.C.I.T. balanced, in one of Her free hands—of which She had at least five—a hot cup of Spiced Ambrosian 89:Line Error - Variant B Special Reserve—also known as Sybarite’s Delight—and laughed raucously over the profane deceptions that have propped up the bestial folly of Man. 
“She summoned a host of demigods with whom She seemed to enjoy a friendly association: mostly giant Protozoans who increased their size so as to be easily seen. There was also a tight-lipped gentleman in a formal gray robe who held upon a silken cushion what looked to be a grain of sand. Needless to say, it was a unique and somewhat eclectic group that She had taken into Her close confidence, and it would be well beyond me to speculate just why she found comfort in passing the time with so many Protozoans—perhaps, this is a speculation for another time. Nevertheless, in short order, these fellows, who now crowded the cavern around Andressa, shared anecdotes of the untold horrors of conquest. Of children running from soldiers with spears through the fiery fields of their ancestral lands. Of starvation and sickness in the besieged kingdoms. Of the rape and the eviscerations and the exploitation of captives as sex slaves to be used as recruiting incentives in the growing mercenary armies of deranged zealots and violent scofflaws. Of the clearing of sacred forests—the hacking into pieces of world events encoded into the cambia encompassing pith. Of species of plant and animal life obliterated by pesticide and the game hunting of dying breeds by bored and whining aristocrat jackanapes on safari. The livelihood of this town, its very vitality, she understood, was sustained only through Zero-Sum games, whereby the other was annihilated. She had seen the children running through the luminous streets, had sniffed the same resplendent aromas in air that bound the culture of the town, had known even the taste of the flesh that sustained and the insatiable spices that gave life here its flavor. It was all pained beauty at the expense of exquisite brutality. And what if it were, in its totality, done away with? Would it, then, be fair? Would there, then, be a kind of justice to this sustainable coexistence?
“The G.C.I.T., who could also read every insignificant thought that entered this silly child’s worthless mind, spit out Her Sybarite’s Delight in an explosion of guffaws. There was no notion of fairness: Her voice assumed an upbraiding tone in declaring so to the witless bastard. This mathematical property of equivalence was not well applied to life. She had heard of this laughable notion of particle egalitarianism as well and had known it to be a most inefficient distraction, whereby to each was dispensed an equal sharing of misery. She had not come all this way to manifest Herself in a cave before some ninnyhammer girl only to impart upon her some flaky notion of metaphysical fairness. It was not in Her interest, much less Her purview, to get into this whole overblown—and frankly overvalued—conception of justice. It was not only out of scope, but also a poor use of Her time. She was Timeless and Eternal—we must not forget this, yes—but She was also concerned most pressingly about efficiency. It was this and nothing else that had brought Her here. 
“And so, in a plume of yellow fog, She vanquished the demigods, noted that their reports on the brutality of conquest had had an unintended effect upon this Accursed Mooncalf and proceeded to explain that it was the lavish lifestyle of the royals and general citizenry that especially curbed Her flatulence! Andressa-3, like most in the city, was unaware of how overleveraged the kingdom had become. It had incurred debt from other kingdoms with whom it enjoyed friendly relations, but did not invest this capital wisely in the growth and stability of its economies. Instead, it squandered its wealth on extravagant pleasures and perishable excesses. Half of what the people lived on came from imports or from the spoils of wars that had cost exorbitantly more than they delivered. Innovation was suppressed by the academic rigor of institutions controlled mostly by orthodox clerics. The royals served only as figureheads for military leadership, and the social control of its citizenry came about largely through oligarchs whose administration of legislation and jurisprudence arose mostly from their ambition to hoard more wealth and resources for themselves. And all of this was buttressed and propagated by borrowed monies. Treasurers in other principalities joked that every time a drunkard under a remote pavilion of this empire took an afternoon sip of Vinegary Posset, that Posset was being supplied and paid for by foreign taxpayers. 
“The G.C.I.T. had grown deeply constipated over the sunk costs engendered by the leisurely ways of the people and the shortsightedness of those who presided over the gears of this unseemly machine. The royals, of course, were naive prats, and it seemed that this Andressa was no different. The G.C.I.T., therefore, sought to impress upon her that the materialistic excesses of the people here were only giving way to a significant budget deficit. She had no reason to know this, but the Imperial Treasury was in the red and members of the Imperial Household Agency were left with no recourse but to falsify the ledgers so as to show steady growth to their ‘foreign investors.’ And there was no point even getting into the corruption of those who pilfered from the public coffers. What mattered was that the currency in the vaults of the treasury was more than spoken for. There were unpaid debts that still required payment, and the usurers of other principalities were packs of wolves, who would not hesitate at abduction, torture and arson to have even a portion of the accumulating interest paid.
“Naturally, we must remember that Andressa-3 was still a child. Maybe about the same age as you, my dear Urchin. She, just like you, would surely have been at a loss in making sense of all of this. And certainly, she was, just as you are now, prone to a severe misunderstanding of the situation. She didn’t know what to make of all those mysterious figures in the room, but she understood that something had to be amiss if they were all manifesting before her and then being dispelled in such a manner. The only logical conclusion that she could draw was that it was no longer of any merit to participate actively in this ramshackle contrivance without being scorned by these deities for her myopia and foolishness. I mean, that’s about as complex as her thinking would go at that stage of development—and well...that’s actually still rather impressive. She may not have understood that whole bit about the debts and capital efficiency and all, but she was young enough to be reached and to be told that it was all a ruse and to believe it. It may not have been so impactful if she were a few years older and, more importantly, if she had been sucked lastingly into all that empty pageantry that surrounds living in a civilized society, of bearing affiliation with a family or a group or a clerical order or a doctrine. Her mind was still malleable enough to intuit that this could all have been an immaculate diversion.”

III.

The old man paused for a moment as a shudder of panic ran from his forehead to his heels. 
“My dear Urchin, what if I’m explaining this all wrong? With every exhalation, some wisp of this memory of other’s accounts swirls out and dissipates. I only hope that these syllables are impressing themselves lastingly upon the dough of your mind for later regurgitation if you do not yet understand my language. Or, perhaps, you can memorize and mimic the movements of my mouth if you are yet without the capacity to hear what I am saying. Else, these words I am uttering now shall be lost forever from the moment they leave my mouth. And either way, I cannot encode intentionality into these syllables just as I cannot embed intonation into these mouth movements, and so, whatever happens, they shall remain as naked tones and arbitrary gestures unless you are indeed capable of interpreting them, which, I fear, you are not. And even if you could, perhaps we are missing the point and obscuring the pith of the narrative. Dear boy—dear curious child—do you find yourself lost between sentences, trapped within the enclosed spaces of ideas, mired under the weight of words? Does the grip of syllables act upon you like a vice? The gentle wandering mind is, of itself, a burden, and perhaps this should be given primacy over those constraining structures of the world I wish to impose upon you. I know this, but also understand that it is not in my interest to grant you such priority.”
He took a deep breath.
“Moreover, I remain uncertain as to whether I am conveying these accounts with accurate detail. All of this business with Andressa-3 occurred well before I was born, when our principality was still expanding outward through military conquest. I cannot know truly the context she occupied—much less the difference between that time period and my own childhood—and I’m at a loss as to how all of this will seem to you for certainly it will have mutated in the numerous tellings before it reached me and transformed once more into this telling only to take on new shapes and constructions in your attempts to comprehend it. And so, in many respects, it was already lost before I even endeavored to impart it upon you.
“But then, again, perhaps there are only minor changes in this transmission of the story from person to person and from context to context. Whatever the case, I can only proceed with its utterance. So, what can we safely say? We can safely say that the kingdom, during this moment in Andressa’s youth, was procuring more assets and levying higher taxes from its annexed territories, but also spending more than it was acquiring on luxuries. Along with this came a slow roll toward that paradigm shift within the Order of Sweaty Ymir and religious orders of the like. Humans became the Aesthetic Shapers of life, whose appetites were to be abided and creative vision achieved through the demise and repurposing of inferior particles into material representations whose value exceeded those of their own innate and lived existences. Meat was better a delicacy shaped by a superior intellect than a creature with a face and eyes who defecated everywhere and only sought otherwise to sustain itself on muck and procreate until its own demise. The Meat could be bred to make the flesh more tender and so the juices, when barbecued, could be easily infused with Explosive Nutmeg to create a momentary experience upon the tongue that could be well-appreciated for a brief time, but soon forgotten. Yet, this was not seen as wasteful for this short-lived delight was an aesthetic unto itself, which spoke also to the ephemerality of human life. And so, a Being will have been deprived of its life in order to be repurposed into a pulchritudinous sensory experience that could only be enjoyed momentarily, albeit with the aim of reminding the Enjoyer in question that the Enjoyment to be had was ultimately a triviality in the slate-cleaning sweep of Time. 
“The walls of the cave were covered with the early paintings and writings of civilizations that preceded Andressa’s. There was the imprinting of hands that knew no written language, renderings of beasts whose swiftness or stealth or ferocity were objects of veneration in their portrayal. There were dots and discs and streaks that ran diagonally and looked like groupings of powders and herbs being ground up and mixed into special concoctions and medicines. The young girl’s eyes traced the patterns of the carbon black and red ochre, drawing from them a certain fullness of life she was unable to comprehend in its totality. There was the immaculate agglomeration of objects that formed the surfaces of her civilization and the religious catacombs beneath its jeweled and inset facade—but all of it struck her now as hollow and overly focused on the trivial. There was something more encompassing, more curious in these conceptions of lesser sophistication. One drawn arc in red ochre had greater evocative power than the most opulently gilded cathedrals, even those with the tasseled pipe organs with tones that penetrated the body in its fullness, even those with the aweing statues of Sweaty Ymir and the renderings of celestial landscapes that took one’s breath away. All of it felt vain and showy in the face of this. 
“The G.C.I.T. listened to these musings in the mind of the child, was not fully satisfied with them and could not now prognosticate the ripple effects of this influence She had just exercised over this delicate system. Nevertheless, She took this as her cue to leave, satisfied at having succeeded at recalibrating ‘something’ in this system in order that it might align better with Her motives. She had other matters to attend to, and so the goddess vanished in a puff of smoke, leaving Andressa-3, the orphaned princess and novice to the Sacred Order of Sweaty Ymir, to her own thoughts. This new acolyte began to sense suddenly that all of her actions until this moment had been wasteful and meaningless—her assumptions erroneous and her faith misapplied. There was indeed something hollow not only to this society, but also to its sacraments. Her footsteps out of the caverns, however swift, plunged rather heavily, and she contemplated the impressions her bouldery heels and crescentic arches imposed upon the complaisant soil, the vicissitudes her movements insinuated upon the placidity of the surrounding air. She matured with each step out of the cavern, grew into young womanhood. And each stride from her active body was a deafening confrontation against other passive bodies thitherto undetected: of fungi, of protozoa, of insects and bacteria. Her very breath bespoke instantaneous genocide to the surrounding microbes; yet, she could not very well end her own life either. Therefore, if her actions could not be just, they might as well, for the benefit of all, have been arbitrary. Yet, she knew that the zero-sum repurposing of particles for the maintenance of civil infrastructure and for the ephemeral enjoyment of human society would continue unabated regardless of her newfound commitment to ‘Mindful Inconsistency’—that is what she soon came to call this adopted practice of intentional erraticism. 
“And so, upon abandoning her order, she found herself bearing silent witness from the deprived fringes to the creeping paradigm shift—that phantasmagoric realignment, so to speak—of the prevailing material authority toward a posture prioritizing particle arrogation. Those elements of the animate, inanimate and disanimate deemed inferior were annexed and repurposed and reshaped for maximal utility—lived existence was, thusly, subjugated by the drive toward a commoditized return on essential investment: sentient existence sacrificed for new flavors of meat; coral detonated for reclaimed oceanfront property; new gems and minerals lifted from the whip-bloodied fingertips of emaciated children that labored in the faraway mines. From afar, the civilization presented itself to young Andressa as might a giant defecating walrus—a corpulent, lumbering creature with which she had once been conjoined. She took to living the life of a severed limb just beyond the flank of the beast. She set up camp by the piles of excrement on some days, and, on others, under the very same Cecropia tree upon which her mother had once been rumored to perch—though her doing so came more out of an affinity for its representational value than out of any erratic catharsis. However, these fits of reasoned preference grew less frequent over time.
“As she grew into adulthood and then into middle age, her irrational ways and irritable mannerisms became more intentional, more pronounced. She would clamber up the sides of cliffs to bathe in the waters of the reservoir prior to her morning meditations. And when a curious patrol would happen in her direction, she would squeal at them like an outraged feline whose tail had been trod upon. They, of course, would yield to her reprimands and withdraw from her presence—mostly out of reverence, for they knew who she was and to whom she was related. This, too, was something she expected. She also came to adorn her elbows and kneecaps with prosthetic flaps like those of a flying squirrel—these she had fashioned from a mixture of used bedsheets, newspapers, rubber and twine. She actually got quite good at jumping between adjacent tree branches though her wiry frame and makeshift patagia did little to facilitate any pronounced glides. 
“Taken together, these eccentricities lent to this haggard squirrel-woman, who held herself to a strict diet of mongongo and gorlyanka, a mystique that was undeniable to all, including herself. The effect her behavior had on others was not lost on her either, and she even came to revel in the idea of being thought peculiar. She grew rather enamored with this image she had fashioned for herself—there was something aweing, albeit humbling about it insofar as she found herself paralyzed by her sheer inadequacy in the face of this new standard. Still, it was a standard whose architecture she alone had meticulously planned. As a keen observer from the fringes, she had seen the peculiar shapes and awkward hues imposed by the stern paintbrush and presumptive palette—of roles and identities which only burdened a canvas that yearned otherwise for the infinite potential of its vacancy, or, failing that, at the very least, its self-determination, and whose appropriation only tied to it an arbitrary set of parameters for Being. Whatever that means—ahem! 
“Anyway, there was no man, no institution, no society, no familial or group or clerical or doctrinal membership that could freeze into mere object the unyielding flow that was ‘her’—none who could suspend her in animation and imbue this captivity of portraiture a name of their choosing. Indeed she delighted in the dumbstruck faces of others, in their fear because they would never be free in the way that she was. And she never hesitated to take it all a bit far even in her own mind. If there were limits, they were worth pushing. And it was in this spirit that she fashioned for herself a special crown of twigs and glass shards, wore a tunic made from the burlap of potato sacks and colored her face with a bright orange dye. When she entered the city, she would declare herself its queen and come to believe it herself; with her long yellowed nails, she would scratch the faces of children who hesitated to shower their sovereign with their pocket change. She collected insects in glass jars and created special fortified cities for them—glimmering fabrications just like ours—near the city’s rubbish heaps. She also scavenged among these heaps, which were getting larger and larger with the influx of more raw materials and manufactured disposable goods. 
“Naturally, her eccentricities were the subject of much discussion at all levels of polite society. People had heard the rumors about her and still called her Princess Andressa in spite of her crude manners. In that sense, she remained, in spite of her desires for self-determination, very much an ornament to her lineage and all that it signified—cast aside or not, within that ashen glow of her self-styled essence lingered that scent of royalty and of divine authority over her subjects. Her peculiarities were, then, an extension of her entitlement and so stood alone as a privilege denied to those of lesser status. This very conception of ‘status’ was, to her, an implacable phenomenon, and her struggle against it had been continual and lifelong. Was there no way to disassociate herself? No way to differentiate herself from this encompassing signifier that elevated her to an altitude well above the masses and imbued her every motion, facial expression and breath—yes, even breath!—with a preponderance of matriarchal weight? 
“It seemed there was no way to detach herself from this arbitrary balloon that lifted her—or perhaps, there was, but she had not yet located the latching mechanism! Either way, she would not relent. Her only recourse was to nurture these mindful affectations further, and let her creative tendencies set the course. And so she descended further and further into decrepitude—presumably on some trek toward inverse enlightenment. She sought every discomfort, every source of malaise. If there was a horrible noise, she would proceed in its direction. If she sensed an itch, she would try to aggravate it further instead of scratching it. When there was a moment of calm or comfort, she would change her movements and routines so as to disrupt it. She stopped speaking words and only made rudimentary sounds. She limited her intentional movements in the hope that certain pathways in the brain would begin to atrophy and that she would finally be freed of those tendencies that tied her to civilization.
“And when any of the genteel populace happened to come her way bearing the requisite pleasantries, they would find themselves swiftly knocked flat by the concussive shock of bursting expletives, of flailing arms and flung excrement. With her pronounced commitment to self-debilitation, Andressa managed to keep most of her ‘subjects’ at a distance from her. And this distance permitted her even greater freedom to disentwine from the conscious mind her civilized instincts. But soon, she was found by someone whom she could not turn away so easily: a transgender half-cousin by the name of Warwick, who had been cast aside by the royal family just as she had been. The two were, thereupon, never seen apart. Andressa, whose convictions had grown quite firm and with them her irrational distemper, was the clear leader, and Warwick, who seemed to show no compunction at all in doing their elder relative’s nonsensical bidding, was her devoted follower. Over time, they started to notice more and more young people lingering about as they sorted through the rubbish heaps—I should clarify here that Andressa and Warwick only ever referred to their ‘scavenging’ as ‘sorting’ as though to imply that all collected items were to be repurposed for maximum utility. 
“The thing is, I am unable to confirm that there was initially any method to Andressa’s madness, but, over time, something extraordinary started to transpire: a method was slowly forming around her. That is to say that there appeared a growing congregation of ‘rubbish sorters’ about her, and not only this, but a more detailed process around the sorting. And so, what had once seemed an arbitrary act of obsessive compulsion had now self-organized into something rather grand. There was a discipline to it, and they studied it fastidiously; they divined and documented her methods and processes without having the gall to approach her—well, this was not for a lack of trying actually. There had been a few who approached her and Warwick only to be rebuffed with such intensity as to be cast into orbit about the planet. And so, those with no aspirations for space travel could only observe the pair from afar and composite procedures and operational norms from the sets of observed events. From this arose a system of new representations, and a set of codes by which this system could be documented. ‘Sorting’ took on a rather profound meaning—perhaps as it should amongst those engaged in such a philosophical task. It was not mere scavenging for survival, but rather a more sophisticated form of categorizing lived existence. A dreamy-eyed novice in this nascent Order described the process as a ‘methodical examination of the abscess cast aside by clinicians.’ There was no truer description, in fact, for it was a critical inspection of moments slipped away, of those recondite elements that lingered without extraction. In the cast away litter and dung, there was something greater, in fact, than those very objects in their original forms. 
“Can you imagine that? Do you understand the significance of what I am telling you? You, dear Urchin, should surely be expected to appreciate this. And yet, you don’t most likely! You don’t appreciate the significance, and this very thing is significant. Except it is not to us, but perhaps only to someone who might wish to create representations of us. ‘Representations’—this system of symbolic organization grew in complexity to culminate into a level of ideology requiring the construction of administrative tiers and scaffolds. A trio of middle-aged men, who had been excommunicated from the Sacred Order of Sweaty Ymir for suggesting that the treasury of their sect should release a public report detailing its collections and expenditures, joined after Andressa’s congregation had reached about 150 members. These pencilpushers brought a wealth of accounting and clerical expertise to the ‘Sifters’ as the group now called themselves. Andressa and Warwick generally stood a little bit away from the main group, but they had all come to expect and appreciate the aloofness of the ‘Mother Sifter’ and the ‘Magnanimous They,’ as the two had come to be known. The body regulated itself and administration was left with the trio of men and their apprentices, who seemed to delight in the integrity and transparency this new charge engendered. 
“Soon, the revered Mother Sifter was visited again by the G.C.I.T., who took one look at her before erupting into peals of laughter. Her wicked cachinnations were tempered only by a certain pity she felt for the now-aging hag who had clearly misunderstood the intentions behind that initial visit many years earlier. Within 120 short years, the young princess had become an embittered and obstreperous old crone who starved herself needlessly and often screamed obscenities at passing chaises full of townspeople and royals. She had deprived herself as a reaction to the excesses of this civilization, but in this forbearance, had also lent to herself an unintentional and unwitting air of pretension in the eyes of others. Some cynics felt that she had adopted too severe a reaction to her lineage and culture—the sort of stubborn defiance a child might muster up against her family, the sort undertaken only by one with an unhealthy degree of self-regard. And yet, she could not be sure truly if her inclinations and thoughts had been her own—after all, what if she were channeling the thought waves of a distant intellect, a stellar nucleosynthetic consciousness emitting across thousands of light-years the burning inklings and insinuations of a sentient blue dwarf from a foregone era? There was no way of knowing for sure. Yet, whether or not her path of self-determination was really forged by the Self and not a distant Other was immaterial to the external critic for the judgments rendered would only be about what was visible at the surface level. Having said all of this, I should point out that these criticisms about her remained unspoken. At the same time, they swirled like cyclones about her, sweeping up and tearing free from the surrounding terrain the roots of every damning implication. We could not escape the fact that we were a culture of mild-mannered citizens and that this sort of drastic behavior and ill feeling from her only served to provoke a lasting discomfort among us. Nevertheless, in spite of this unease and in spite of her own intentions to ignore the surrounding culture, her royal lineage still imbued her with an aura of divinity, which only increased the amplitude of her irreverent undulations so as to stun the chattering oligarchs to tacit veneration and appeal simultaneously to the magical thinking of the common folk, who beheld something of the transcendent in her sacred distemper. 
“And by taking her own constructions to be more compelling than those which pervaded about her and preceded her existence, she had generated a conviction around which a new system of belief had come into being. There was no thwarting her confidence that all around her was superfluous and illusory, and it was this very self assurance that influenced others to rationalize the severity of her behavior in their own minds with a sort of transmundane zeal that compelled them to question all that they had, until that moment, held with the deepest conviction. Novices and young priestesses departed the Sacred Order of Sweaty Ymir. Penurious academics and acroamatic meaning-makers flocked as well to the rubbish heap to take their rightful place among this nascent parish and to behold with their fellow proselytes the sublime and audacious Mother Sifter. They studied her movements, her howls and farts; they found joyous rapture when she scratched her armpits. What they were beholding was a burgeoning Spectacle of Holiness whose significance they could raise above their own heads. In spite of who she was as an individual, there was something in that ‘Spectacle of Her’ that her followers admired unceasingly and her critics feared irrationally. To say the least, by going her own way, she had succeeded in getting much further in her endeavors than she could have imagined or intended. And now she was surrounded by these gnats buzzing all about her and curious about every orifice that led in toward her divine essence. The G.C.I.T. was thoroughly impressed by her disciple’s influence—in fact, She saw Andressa’s mannerisms as being more derivative of Her own than being tied to some distant and now-faded star-consciousness. And though she was flattered by the imitation, She was also rather troubled by the repercussions brought forth by Andressa’s reckless endeavors. 
“The misunderstandings of this featherheaded princess only served to lay to shambles the plans that the G.C.I.T. had initially had for her. But the G.C.I.T. was not a malicious goddess and certainly if the intention behind the initial message had been misconstrued, She only had Herself to blame. She also could not help but think that perhaps She had chosen the wrong person to visit. It was only reasonable to acknowledge this during this second visit, which occurred while the venerable Mother Sifter was squatting in a latrine crafted specially for her by her followers. After a sort of half-acknowledgment, half-apology, the G.C.I.T. rubbed Her protruding potbelly and belched hearteningly at the fact that Andressa had unwittingly, through her followers, created a system for replenishment of lost assets. The scavenging—the ‘sifting’ rather—allowed them to repurpose the waste of disposable products and exhausted raw materials, thereby trimming away tidbits of the larger inefficiency. But still, it was not sufficient. They were merely scavengers among parasites, and their actions did little to reverse the economic dysfunction that loomed. 
“Still, something unique was happening here, and the G.C.I.T. could now foresee something that had previously been obscured. She simply told the Mother Sifter that it was now her responsibility to take a more active role in the goings-on that encircled her. Until now, she had allowed the faith to materialize in the people and representations and idols and bureaucracy all around her. Now, it was her time to harness and direct that energy, to grow the numbers and see just what effect this had on the internal mechanics of this civilization. 
“This visit was much shorter, but the impact was just as palpable as the last. Andressa, despite having become an older and more stubborn woman, relished very much in the idea of asserting the influence that she had gained. Until now, she did not know very well what to make of all of it. She cast in the direction of her congregation no shortage of sidelong glances in the half-expectation that they had only gathered there to mock her. I failed to mention it, but she did have her detractors now and again, so this distrust was warranted. Warwick, especially had been concerned that these Sifters were only feigning interest in them in order to gain their trust and invariably humiliate them. They had experienced something like this before in their childhood and alerted Andressa to it for fear that the two of them together should face this horrific treatment. And so, they had until now been rather careful, but the G.C.I.T.’s observation lent validation to the possibility that there were those who valued Andressa and Warwick for what they saw of them—which is not to be taken as an accurate reflection of who they were but rather of the image they projected of themselves—and that perhaps there was something meaningful taking shape around them.
“I’ll pause here to acknowledge that there are parts to this that I can’t rightly know. All of these exchanges which happened in private. How can anyone know them? Well, again, much of this happened before I was born, but this next part happened when I was that child sitting on the veranda with his grandfather. By then, there were already stories circulating about. Sometimes, they would contradict one another; at other times, they were aligned, but would seem rather unlikely. What I tell you now is my own shaping, my own rejection of some and acceptance of others. There is no systematic way in which I have made these choices, and in fact the way I am imparting this is very deeply colored by my own idealizations, the way I choose to remember this place so far away from me, so deep inside of me that I can’t quite reach it. 
“Having said all of this, I will continue, but please do keep in mind that I have heard varying accounts of this next part. So, the aged Mother Sifter, Andressa, emerged from the latrine and approached her followers. They gazed at her in fright for she had never looked upon them directly. All talking ceased. She said to them simply that they had done the right thing by making a latrine for her. And that they should continue to make more latrines that improved upon this original design albeit not for her but rather for themselves. But that they should not forget the prior versions of the latrines because these, too, will have been a component of whom they had become as a people. She also said that she would like to encourage them further with this shaping of cultural implements, but that there was, at the same time, something deeply wrong about all this and wrong about the way in which they had lived thus far. 
“She pointed to the rubbish heap, which towered behind their tented settlement. She claimed that this heap was an amalgamation of supplanted realities—of versions of being that had been revised and since retired from the circulated currency of perception and interaction. Contained within this pile of symbols was only the scurf of obsolete rendering, of living histories now rewritten, of ruins from sites now repurposed and built over. The pile was the discarded life of the discarded city: the exhausted particles of mothers long gone singing sweetly to babies now grown wrapped in blankets now frayed and decaying and stained by all the excrement of this forgotten rubble. And the objects and implements which gave way to these exhausted relics were themselves dead symbols that only served to dilute the meaning of the Now with the superfluity of Then. In spite of the heartening approximations made according to variables of their contemporary zeitgeist, the ‘Society of Now’ was not great and had never even been in the ‘Idealized Then.’ There was, in the Now, the retouching of imagery, of assumptions, the reinforcement of themes in stories and rhetoric and iconography. But all of it was as fallacious a Now as it had been in the Then. 
“There was, therefore, no homage to be paid her, for her Divine Right had always been a fabrication. In spite of her lineage, she was just like these other rubbish scavengers—nothing lesser and nothing greater—and her kin were nothing but freeloaders who lived off the taxes and tributes of subjects they never deigned to face. Of course, this should have come as no great surprise to anyone. In truth, she acknowledged, the citizens knew all this—the only thing that might have been shocking was this very admission from a member of the Imperial Family. In their hearts, they already knew this, but they yielded, all the same, to the power, the mystery and the pomp. The people themselves had become loathsome and lazy. They did not wish to lift a finger to take responsibility for themselves, but preferred rather to be ruled over by their spiritual parents. And while they proclaimed aesthetic and sensual mastery over all subsumed by the walls and minarets and balustrades and mezzanines and staircases and fountains and floating paridaiza and luminous streets of their city, other principalities that were more efficient, more industrious and less distracted by their representations guiding hierarchy, history, identity and consumption, laughed at these backwards fools who were decadent and self-admiring and smug beyond measure. 
“These other civilizations were not so hot either. They were growing steadily now—so, yes, they had appetite. But frankly, they would become just as lost as we were and once their economic machines succeeded in generating a surplus; they too would become wasteful and inefficient like us. The machinery would be run beyond capacity until it depleted their reserves, and their engineers of industry would never once question whether there had been a better way to go about all this—instead they would curse the delays in resource procurement that led to these shortfalls in production. They would become, like us, societies of excessive consumption wherein the consumption of representations would transform into the ultimate expression of consciousness whilst the direct experience of existing would recede with the rest of the physical universe toward the periphery. Like us, they would doubt their perceptions and come to see the Artifice as nature and vice versa. 
“Descending on these lesser cultures would soon be the Spectacle of Enlightenment, which comes to be curated by the alignment of ikons with ritual and ritual with banal conspicuity until the spiritual disciplines meant to mediate a critical evisceration of the constructs of Self and Society become a fatuous routine oriented with the flamboyant signaling of virtue and the competition for social importance between holy-rolling status seekers. There would be also the Spectacles of Sacrifice—those revered figureheads and martyrs who forsook their self-interest, their livelihood, their relationships for the sake of some value, some just sensibility which they would never themselves enjoy. It would never matter if they were, in truth, vicious and predatory individuals whose true nature bespoke a kind of ruthlessness and malice. Their essence, their consciousness would—along with the drabness of the physical universe—recede to periphery to be supplanted by a most sacred illusion, the awe-inducing face of benediction. And if this was not enough, this image would be co-opted for the sake of facile celebrations of cultural unity. Out of abominations are fashioned eulogizing—even godly!—likenesses carried about on banners through the streets during parades, or kneaded into pastries in bakery windows, forged into copper statues in front of courthouses, sung about in anthems and psalms, embroidered into bonnets for ladies, boys and ladyboys, stained into stylized window panes and emblazoned upon sacks of sugar imported from overseas provinces. And this Sacrifice Spectacle instills this sugar or these pastries with the taste of virtue and integrity and social justice and civil liberty; it stimulates psalm singers’ synapses to sparkle with spirituality; it lends sturdiness and solidity to the courthouse and other legal institutions. If one were to resurrect the objectified individual that has been appropriated as this Spectacle of Sacrifice, it would likely feel unsettled and inadequate, but these feelings would only be overwhelmed by that sense of utter humility before this benevolence that, if even illusory, compelled even the most skeptical to kneel. 
“She was compelled now to speak of other spectacles—some of which pervaded already, regardless of the economic conditions of a society, but which, nevertheless, increased in magnitude with the exponentiation of representational commodities. The mass production and consumption of new representations served to intensify some pre-existing spectacles. So it was with Spectacle of the Speaker and the Doer, wherein the words spoken or the action observed varied in meaning according to the symbolic iconography attached to the subject performing and the object receiving. If to the Speaker-Doer could be attributed an appreciable weight of significance, we could simply take mere presence or absence—and, in rare cases, the very condition of ‘Being’—as an act of signification. Surely, you have borne witness to the effect of silence—a moment of non-expression can articulate so much and the way it is taken can vary so greatly. It could result in a brief discomfort, a pressing urgency to fill the void, a tacit cooperation, a shared peace—so very much is to be conveyed by the mere flashing of a face, meeting of the eyes, inspiration and expiration, whether shallow or deep: all of it carrying meaning which would vary according to context, tone and temperament. 
“One could take it to a larger scale by approximating a moment in which one’s gaze is cast upon the smooth node of the Imperial Palace. There is no speech, but suddenly one is accosted by the appearance of a royal fingernail at a bedroom window. Could that bedroom and that fingernail belong to a servant attending a royal? No, we must assume it to be distinctly ‘royal’ for the servants were extremely careful—for fear of being whipped—about obscuring any view into the palace chambers. Supporting this assumption also was the fact that this fingernail was a royal blue—and rather tiny, so we can assume it to have belonged to the young princess, who had perhaps slipped from the watchful eye of her nursemaid to linger too closely to a rather forbidden zone near the window.  And so, with that image of a sacred fingernail cast outward from this window and to the general populace— what are we to do? This seemingly tiny transgression could have striking and unpredictable consequences that would simply not arise as a consideration were this young girl a member of any other family. If this showing of the fingernail were seen as unintentional, it would spark unease and consternation for the naked epidermis speaks to the vulnerability and eventual mortality of the dearest sovereign princess, that darling 7-year-old whose face and body the citizenry had never the privilege to glance upon but for this momentary unfortunate fragment. There would be a general panic for who would guard this precious cherub from the reach of death? On the other hand, if the image were taken as intentional, it could otherwise arouse social upheaval. These same people who voiced concern over the welfare of their sovereign might now seek to rip her throat out in the sheer umbrage over her audacious transgression. She has placed herself before the crown, before this divine station to which they have declared their allegiance and before which they have devoted their lives and essence. She is to be protected behind this veil and burned for spurning it, for she is merely the object that carries the veil and bears no inherent importance beyond this. She is, otherwise, expected to be a hollow vessel with no abiding material or spiritual attachments superseding her protocols. This sovereign nitwit has been proscribed from having the temerity to break the illusion so necessary to the cohesion of the shared social identity. 
“Admittedly, this breed of spectacle has existed since Time Immemorial, but one peculiar thing that starts to occur with the exponentiation of representations is the fragmentation of this very narrative. And the fragmentation itself is what allows Andressa—she can only admit—to stand before these sifting disciples at the doorway of the makeshift latrine they have built for her. There were now contrasting viewpoints with regard to the royal family, its Divine Right and the legitimacy of its rule. And the multiplicity of disparate representations had enabled the creation of a series of segmented narratives, of which hers—this sermon she was giving right now—was but one. But she was not done yet! Not even close to finishing! This Sermon from the Latrine that she was giving had rather inspired her, had gotten her mind going and now she was on a roll! She paused for a moment to see if anyone had anything to say in protest about her continuing on down this path. They had every right to for she was no better than they were—this much she was willing to acknowledge. As it turned out, no one had anything to say. Maybe they were tongue-tied, confused or still in awe of her. Whatever the case, through their silence, they were saying so much! And so she proceeded. 
“Far away from all of this pomp and circumstance of the Spectacle of the Royal Fingernail would be the Spectacle of the Orgasm—you’ll know better what that is one day, my cheeky young Urchin—but let it suffice to say that all the fetishization and mystification attached to the life-sustaining act of procreation will introduce, in the society of mass produced representations, a dizzying array of standards and significations all its own. There is no time to get into all of it now—and there wasn’t certainly when the Mother Sifter spoke of it in her Latrine Sermon—but we can safely say that the implications of the Orgasm Spectacle will span all religions, economies, legalistic apparati and, most importantly, all aesthetics—extending also to the fundamental reproductive drives behind these aesthetics to the aesthete in particular. 
“Let us not however get the Orgasm Spectacle confused with the Spectacle of Creation. That is something else entirely, and I must confess that many, including myself, have found it unusual that disparate creation myths, in spite of their verisimilitude in iconography, have spontaneously and independently emerged in cultures disconnected from one another. Some ethnographic biologists have contended that the creation myth is an embedded construct codified by the mechanisms of our nervous systems—a few even believe that there is a clustered nexus of blood vessels enclosing some arcane cul-de-sac of the human brain wherefrom this shared conception spirals outward along a capillary-squeezed chain of neural misfires. Others who have studied migrating populations have insisted that the commonality exists because these stories preexisted the splitting of the Unified Clan into distinct tribes and ethnic peoples. Naturally, there are those who bring in dream consciousness and others still who feel that there is indeed a spiritual aspect to this commonality. It is a deep dive however you figure it, and I’m not really sure which way I’m inclined to go with it all. 
“It is worth acknowledging that there is a very common Octopus Creation myth—and when it’s not referred to as an ‘Octopus Myth’ specifically, you’ll note other descriptive similarities in the nomenclature. The simplest example would be this town itself which had that node of a palace at its center. Underneath, there was said to be a vast tank enclosing an octopus who had an exceptionally complex brain and who slumbered peacefully always and without interruption. None admitted to having ever seen him, and none could confirm his existence even if they believed they had. All the same, it was the general wisdom that every shape and surface of the town was dreamt into being by this mysterious creature. We do not have a name for this octopus—and frankly, I’m surprised that no one even until now has had the time to come up with one. But perhaps that’s not the issue. I think it’s because none have yet had the audacity to assign the creature a name. The mere image of this dreamer has stricken fear into our hearts. He knows this fear well because he has manifested it within us. He has no reason, no benevolence—he is deep in the dream, and, therefore, he is not to be disturbed, or he shall awake, and we will all cease to have been. 
“In this particular culture, the majority had reached a consensus that the Octopus had dreamt Sweaty Ymir into existence despite the fact that, in the scriptures, Ymir Himself had often expressed profound bafflement as to His own origins. In fact, there was even one oft-quoted scriptural passage in which He—whilst under the influence of a potent mixture of Giddy Gefilte Fish and Mulled Ambrosian 144:Command Unrecognized- Variant Q— desperately endeavored to concoct, in order to quell His own anxieties, a Creation Myth, in which He had been perspired into existence through a miracle of Spontaneous Condensation. Although interpretations over this controversial passage varied, most people were of the consensus that He had indeed been, despite His inebriation, consumed by a genuine desire to understand how He had come into being. If this was true, then there was no means of ignoring the striking implications this introduced with regard to what the term ‘deity’ signified within and between sects of the faith. To be sure, it introduced a little more ambiguity into the theretofore accepted construct of ‘godliness’ if Sweaty Ymir was clueless about His having been dreamt into existence by a mere octopus. How can we, as worshippers, be expected to pay homage to this sort of hapless and oblivious fool? And well, it might sound rather severe to say this at the same time—I mean, is it reasonable to be so dismissive of this entity we deride as being a ‘mere octopus,’ for what if he were instead some kind of higher-level deity from a higher-order reality? In that case, it would only be reasonable that Sweaty Ymir would not have any insight into His divine origins. All the same, the general assumption among clerics and practitioners of the faith has been that this exalted Creator is nothing more than a dreaming octopus, and none have attempted to argue to the contrary. The varying versions of this Creation Myth are in alignment that this is simply an octopus with a lowercase ‘o,’ but, all the same, a Dreamer with an uppercase ‘D.’ A Dreamer and a Creator—and through this act of dreaming: a Manifester of Spectacles. 
“But the common assumption here still does not solve the fundamental question: is it fair to assume that Sweaty Ymir reasonably falls into the category of ‘deity?’ There has been no shortage of controversial opinions over this. For one thing, it has often been noted that Sweaty Ymir could not be deemed all-knowing and omniscient if He Himself had been left in the dark as to the nature of his own origins. Some would argue that this rules Him out from the start. We could also take this a little further to say that He was not Timeless, unless He existed in some other metaphysical realm beyond our shared conception of Time. However, it is this very exception that gives us pause. Perhaps, He did exist in this other realm. Would this not score a few points in his favor? Not that anyone was keeping score or that there was some threshold against which a score could be benchmarked. Nevertheless, this capability toward manifestation external to Time imbues our Divine Perspirer with a transcendent quality, no? It is reasonable to pause here only to say that there would need to be a capability toward manifestation and transformation in the absence of what we know as ‘Time’ for all of this to work—a vehicle by which ‘change’ is to be mediated, albeit change independent of Time. There is quite likely some other conception commensurate with the temporal of which we are still ill-equipped to conceive, but the Mother Sifter did not see any point in getting into this, and so neither shall I. In any case, there was much debate on this matter. And to make the matter more confusing, we must also recognize the possibility that His postulation in scripture may not even have been His own. Or maybe it was and it was a bit of a put-on for the sake of its readers—a type of koan for humanity to meditate over and sort out collectively. Whatever the case, our mythology forged a direct link between the octopus and the Divine Perspirer that still held about it a degree of ambiguity that only served to intensify the negotiation of signifiers attached to the signified. Creation Myths—that Spectacle of Creation—could be said to have this effect within and between cultures. That is why it is also so often spoken of in the same breath as the Spectacle of War.
“The Spectacle of War is a rather broad one and a container of a variety of sub-Spectacles: the Spectacle of Honor, the Spectacle of Valor and Heroism—we shan’t here get into the Hero’s Battle or the Hero’s Quest for these are just as formidable. There is also a sub-Spectacle we might call the Spectacle of Peace, which is more or less to be seen as an errant punctuation mark: a comma splice in a never-ending sentence. I’m not sure how else to explain it. We also have, in parallel with the Spectacle of War, the Spectacle of Rectitude, which contains its own host of sub-Spectacles, some of which are based in the chivalry and honor of combat—and are more explicitly codified at the granular level in the Spectacle of Just Wars and Moral Imperatives. Others, meanwhile, fall within the graces of civilian life and become the invisible walls that define its boundaries—here we have the Spectacle of Sanity, the Spectacle of Social Propriety and the Spectacle of Common Decency: all three of which are rife with the same furious negotiation of signifiers as can be seen circulating about that Spectacle of War. In many respects, this negotiation is more fierce, its battles less decisive. But this, we must understand, is the way of things. Andressa was saying all of this, by the way—let’s not forget that these were her words and not mine to start with. What’s more is that she seemed to be saying all of this with a somewhat startling conviction.”

IV.
 
“She entered next into rather bemusing territory as she described what could prove to be the undoing of everything they had ever known, understood or been: the Spectacle of Spectacles. Permit me to draw in a lasting breath here. You would do well to take one yourself, dear Urchin. Clench your buttocks too. This next one is a tricky one, and if I explain it a little too well, it could spell certain doom for the both of us. And at first you might think you understand it, but then you won’t because frankly I’m not sure if I do. And perhaps we should be thankful for that. Fortunately, we also have to our benefit the fact that Andressa did not explain it very well herself the first time through and so it is unlikely that I should stumble, at any turn, into a perilously close approximation that should condemn us both to utter annihilation. Do you get what I’m saying here? No response? Or, maybe unable to hear?—anyway, let us proceed. 
“Thus far, the focus has been inward in acknowledging the unifying signifiers through which existence is mediated. Now, we commence our exploration of the Spectacle of Spectacles by first designating the Spectacle of War as our entry point. It is a natural entry point, because we must now look at a given culture’s outward projection of spectacles and the conflicts likely to emerge between these transmissions and other extant rivals. That is to say that we must endeavor to view this Spectacle of War—and, thusly, the Spectacle of Spectacles—through the lens of incommensurate worldviews which vie for dominance but which lack, nevertheless, the capability toward open confrontation. 
“We must imagine them as two soft bubbles that rub up against each other. Contained at the center of each bubble is a fierce general commanding her armies with the point of a sharp sword that will never quite extend far enough to reach beyond the bubble containing her and her armies. In the center of the opposing bubble, we have her rival barking orders at her own armies and pointing with her own sword in the direction of the sought-after conflict. Each army is flanked by porters who carry upon their backs these massive stacks of impressions and insignias and legal documents and recipes for homemade fish stew—some even try to balance pots of the fish stews upon the tops of the shaky stacks of paper they bear. All of them are whistling or humming in unison with the rhythm and melodies of the marching anthems—their tongues are very often protruding outward in the hope that a few drops of the fish stew will spill over from the pots above and hit the center of their tongues, thereby allowing them to once again taste that flavor of ‘home.’ 
“All of this is going on within each respective bubble—but again, the opposing bubbles advance and meet at the center of the battlefield only to rub up against—and in some cases—bounce away from one another. Physical battle is thusly rendered impossible—well, that is not true actually. We would be more accurate in saying that the battles exist external to this Spectacle of War—which might sound counterintuitive, but indeed this is so. To be sure, open conflicts and casualties do occur within this domain, but these happen only amongst those who have strayed either knowingly or unknowingly away from the consequentialist airs of their respective bubbles. This Spectacle of War is not an offensive marked strictly by violent aggression, though we should be clear that physical altercations, melees and genocides still exist albeit separate to this construct. So, when we say ‘The Spectacle of War,’ we are not referring solely to the tactical game by which success could be measured quantitatively along metrics aligned with the corresponding rates of attrition of one side versus another. The conditions of such a game would better align with the Spectacle of Cost-Benefit—which I have not yet had the time to get into. Let us just say briefly that some might declare the Spectacle of War to be a sub-Spectacle to that of Cost-Benefit; others might say the opposite. To be sure, we cannot reconcile clearly which subsumes the other. It remains an economic debate.
“Nevertheless, I will say once again that we are not talking right now about the attrition game whose outcomes are determined through successive contests of physical strife—certainly, this dynamic will constitute the nuts and bolts of the War Machine. However, with the Spectacle of War itself, we are speaking of something else entirely. We are more chiefly concerned with the underlying presumptions which serve to engineer and drive that machinery—and said presumptions are better acquainted with design than with execution. And in exploring these presumptions further we must delve, at a more fundamental level, into the cultural forces at play in that competitive game of significance seeking. These, of course, cannot be quantified because they are not measurable in terms that we can easily apprehend. And so, the terms of dominance in this realm are not straightforward. The push for significance could be compared perhaps to the force of the wind, for it is unseen. However, this begs the question: should a pride of mighty winds roar in all directions—to the east, to the south, to the west, to the north, and all with equal intensity—does the net momentum drive toward a null effect, an equilibrium of zero force, or would the winds’ gusts be best perceived as symmetrical in force, each never canceling out another, and extending in all directions? I am inclined to think the latter.
“So it is with the forcefulness of this multilateral push for significance, albeit less tangibly so and with no reasonable parameters for measurement. We must be careful in noting that this significance seeking is not an ideological undertaking so much as it is a plea for relevance and recognition. It is a chance for each bubble to proclaim to all others outlying it, ‘Look at me! I exist, and I matter! Isn’t it nice to be me? Wouldn’t you also like to be me?’ Such proclamations are where the Spectacle of War and the Spectacle of Spectacles find significant overlap, and perhaps this is why it is so easy to conflate the two. It might seem a lot of ostentation and showmanship—perhaps even an unseemly plea for importance. But yes, that is really what it is all about. We might frame it better as an ontological dispute over fundamental meaning. ‘I exist, and I matter!’ one might say. ‘No, I exist, and I matter!’ says the other. It is a zero-sum dispute, and so only one of them can be correct at any given time. One of them may exist for moments only to be supplanted by the audacious other—a Second, whose eclipse over the First persists unabated for centuries until vanquished by the grandeur of a new contender: a shadow-casting Third. Naturally, physical skirmishes will occur within this realm of ontological significance as well, albeit on different terms from what we might see in that game of attrition. 
“On the micro scale, that is between individuals, these conflicts of significance might surface quite unexpectedly—perhaps in a mild quarrel between an indigenous orchardist and a platoon of invading soldiers plucking his trees clean of apples. The orchardist might be concerned for his own significance and livelihood. And so, he would raise his hands and wave them around emphatically whilst proclaiming to the troops, ‘Look at me! I exist, and I matter! Those apples exist as well and have been designated as the private property of the timeless consciousness possessing this momentary frame.’ Unfortunately, this plea prompts a few dismissive guffaws from the soldiers who gibber incessantly in response whilst hopping around and stroking their own armpits. 
“We see more intentional incursions upon the ontological significance of others as locals of some village find their houses robbed and their grain silos looted by a horde of army deserters who treat both their own unit and the occupied people of this land with equal measures of disdain. They had left the army because they despised the rigor. They had been broken down and deindividuated by their superiors in spite of their pleas that they existed and mattered. They had been made to shed their identities and wear uniforms and behave in ways unnatural to them. And so they took their resentment out on the insignificant locals whose pleas that their existences had meaning were laughable and silly by comparison. The deserters continued onward: advancing through rivers and over plains, and soon the rubble and flaming heaps behind them lay forgotten along with the people whose significance they had so easily decimated. 
“It wasn’t always the occupying forces who had the advantage in these zero-sum games for significance. Sometimes, while on a long march, a simple-minded G.I. might lag behind or get distracted by this pebble or that flower, which she has decided to collect for herself. She loses sight of her unit and settles down in a tavern for the evening only to find herself embroiled, in short order, in some tavern brawl with a gaggle of drunken hecklers who know the vegetation and minerals of this terrain better and, therefore, see fit to decry this pebble or that flower and all other picayunes of foreign fancy. She says to them desperately, ‘Look at me! I exist, and I matter! And, in spite of what you think, I find this beautiful!’ All of this to no avail. Even if she is a member of the occupying forces, she is outnumbered here, and it is empowering to the locals to call attention to her ludicrous ways. In this moment, the zero-sum attributions of beauty work in their favor and not in hers.
“Lest we should come up short in our survey of this landscape of ‘Ontological Favor’—let us hereupon apply this term in referring to this phenomenon of significance seeking!—we would do well if we were careful not to forgo acknowledging the depraved endeavors of the Hagridden Hagriders: a roving band of merry rapists, who found, within the fog of war and in the dizzying dazzle of a myriad spectacles, sufficient license to degrade the aged fieldworkers and deflower the blossoms of the countryside—these virulent merrymakers, these brutish and withered and self-loathing individuals, many of whom would, under more austere governance, qualify as hardened and vicious criminals, made competitive game of their fierce comfort-seeking and ravaging of everyday goodwill. They desecrated the virtues of the chaste, laid waste to the land and despoiled the moral integrity of its peoples. Where there had been trust and altruism, there was now the poison of ill will; where there had been fortitude and self-possession, there was now frantic desperation for escape from this new pain of living. They robbed some young fawns of their dignity and deprived others of their vitality for the sake of declaring, through a series of mindless and pleasureless orgasms, their existence to a universe that was otherwise indifferent to their kind. Many of them saw themselves as the victims in all this, for they were the roguish reprobates left behind by a world that had moved on without them; they were forgotten about in economically depressed times and with the advancement of industrial technologies, and so now they rode from town to town with only bitterness and rancor in their hearts, seeking, oddly enough, something soft and generous that would soothe their torment if only temporarily. And if this elusive embrace could not be found, something numbing would surely have sufficed in its place. They found no respite, none of the satisfaction that they had craved—the ravaging of decency was, thusly, an ill-begotten, joyless act; yet, they continued doing it, caring little for the horrific consequences their actions had upon others as the demands of legitimizing their own significance were often more immediate. 
“What was most perplexing was that the worst of these Hagrider bands were comprised of insignificant, low-ranking soldiers who were also on orders from their superiors to capture ‘comfort companions’ as slaves so as to ease the inner turmoil of the troops in the bubble. There was a great demand for a soothing to that ineffable torment, it seemed. And, in this case, it was institutionally sanctioned depravity that was seen as the expedient means to those ends of salvation. Therefore, the plea for legitimacy grew to even higher stakes as the phenomenological morale of the military community within the bubble rested on this presumed necessity for Expropriated Comfort. And so, here we had an obvious case of the zero-sum play for Ontological Favor, wherein the need for momentary release of bodily tension eclipsed the dignity of the individual and her community. However, it is not lost on me that we are entering that realm of aggressive behavior from which I had earlier presumed we were reasonably sequestered. I am somewhat embarrassed by this. All the same, when it comes to the Spectacle of War, all waters are bound to get somewhat muddied, and there are innumerable contradictions to be seen in those gaps between what we perceive to be representational consistency. In my defense, I can only say that not all of these pleas for Ontological Favor involved the necessity of aggressively degrading the other; nevertheless, as you can see, for a great many, the two were not mutually exclusive.
“Let us just say that the repackaging of atrocity, the objectification of the other for the sake of elevating one’s own self-significance was not an uncommon phenomenon. To be sure, empathy was a tall order in these standing armies, who knew only the Spectacle of War, but who often had little chance to study the faces of their ontological adversaries up close for they were entrenched within their encampments, cloistered within their bubbles and chucking representational projectiles from afar. The psychological distance is to be expected, however. For the most part, the soldiers sit around in their encampments passing the time, getting bored and idealizing the savors of the carrot juice at this tavern or talking about the tasty chaps and mouth-smacking matrons of some riverside resort town. They speak fancifully about some song they heard, the punch line in some picture gag book they once saw, that fetching girl or boy on stage at their neighborhood showpub. Maybe some celebrity scandal for which they had an inexplicable interest. Or some popular troupe of poets and minstrels whose political leanings were compelling enough to mention. And with each shared story, the homesickness grows and the representations gain greater potency. When the nostalgia reaches a fever pitch, the Bombardier Corporal summarily enters the tent and orders her troops to load the trebuchets. 
“Within hours, a barrage of representational projectiles is launched in the direction of the opposing bubble. The first salvo consists of a series of boring historical accounts, pedantic clarifications of previous inaccuracies and a sprinkling of trite patriotic missives as well as other hackneyed political bulletins meant only to provoke a false sense of security on the other side. ‘Is that the best they can do?’ is what the general infantry of the opposing army is meant to think as they erupt into a flurry of giggles and slap each other on the buttocks with good humor. But soon after their complacence starts to set in, the true blitzkrieg commences: a dizzying fusillade of celebrity images—popular icons whose cult of personality had caused the facts behind all matters of practical consequence to be supplanted by the distracting farce of entertainment. Lobbed by trebuchet are not the mere exploits of the kings of old, but rather of those theatrical character-kings with the faces and voices of a Bressant or a Laxman-5—well, their equivalents of them, I mean—established actors who ham it up a little more for those audiences who prefer the melodrama and the pageantry over those hollow banalities of historical account. 
“Each side tosses to the other these personas that have overwhelmed essence: opera singers who have forgotten who they were in the maddening flurry of self-exhibition and who have reached such heights of fame that their notorious visage overwhelms every character they endeavor to portray—like the prideful wrapping paper of a well-known shop adorning a package whose contents no longer need be considered. There were the national anthems and the marching ballads and the otherworldly resonations of temple chimes all being amplified in the hope of reaching the troops within the opposing bubble. There were the pungent spices, the delicacies, the smells of what one might call ‘home’—and, oh yes, the fish stew! When tensions exceeded certain thresholds, each side enlisted festival musicians and dancers and designers of costumes. They brought in pyrotechnicians better equipped for the aureate pageantry of parades and sporting events than the incendiary rains of the battlefield. This Spectacle of Spectacles was, in some respects—albeit, not in totality—a competitive display projecting outward from each bubble that was being received, all the same, by no one in particular. It was an offensive that weaponized every representation, every signified meaning stocked within its arsenal. Each bubbled rallied in support of its own significance, and each was undergoing significant expansion. 
“So, perhaps, now you can see how the Spectacle of War becomes a suitable entry point for the Spectacle of Spectacles. In a very similar way, the rally for significance, amidst this Spectacle of Spectacles, is palpable and relentless. There were these ideological parables deeply embedded in that sense of belonging pervading each bubble. There was the story of Mohan the Bird-lover, who was so much enamored by the representation of a magpie at the center of the flag flying from the top of his provincial capital that he found himself soon consumed by an unrequited love for a similar-looking bird that he had seen one morning from his window. ‘Sing for me, sing for me!’ he would implore, but nary a chirp would be heard from the implacable and majestic thief. And this only drove him deeper into a reverie of what would be if he could indeed engage in romantic congress with this object of his affection. What would their offspring be like? Could they be possessed of an even deeper love of country, a stronger sense of devotion to their roots and to all that bound them with others in goodwill and commonality? To a certain degree, they would benefit from the best of both parents: an intertwining of the lived and the representational into a convergence wherein the form and the ideal became one synchronous entity. He and his beloved magpie and their theoretical offspring were the threads that tied together the whole of identity, of belonging, of purpose. And yet, poignantly, this union was not to be. The resplendent magpie stood always beyond reach upon a high branch, and he could only feel for it this wrenching love as he gazed from afar. He came to the window daily and dutifully and though the magpie would never sing just for him, he felt heartened by a kind of reciprocation signaled by its continued presence. It stood on that high branch through the winters, stalwart and unflinching amidst blizzards, never fleeing to warmer climes with its migrant brethren. And when the spring came, finally it sang for the first time and Mohan’s soul found rapturous meaning in it. This parable was held sacrosanct to our people as an archetype for many of our noble values, be it love, honor, integrity, loyalty, beauty, generosity—to us it signified these many things and many more. So imbued with meaning was this simple story!
“And it was these layered meanings of such deliberate and spiritual potency that found themselves most often co-created and recreated internally. Numerous parables whose influence was on par with that of ‘Mohan the Bird-lover’ would be told, retold, revised, revisited and often refashioned to align with more ‘modern’ sensibilities or to suit targeted ideological ends. And despite any tensions that emerged through this process, regardless of the rifts and the turmoil that often arose between individual actors with respect to how these meanings were to be shaped and interpreted, this iterative process of negotiation and revision precipitated, in parallel, an iterative overhaul of the very foundations, supports and reinforcements over which hung that tapestry of civilization as an ontological unit. Yet, it was a collective process into which all within the bubble had contributed and had had their voices heard. This framing of history and science and material as a subset of a specified human conceptualization carried with it purpose that burned fiery hot and which fiercely opposed its theoretical rivals. And with it came a hardened drive toward preservation of these cultural assets for fear that even the slightest opposition should cause all to crumble. Without due vigilance, statues would be reduced to rubble, harmonies relegated to competing wails of dissonance, protector beasts would be slain and rituals summarily vanquished. There was an anxiety, to be sure, that compelled us to feel that we should fight to preserve what we had. And yet any threats to us were, in many respects, imagined. There was a kind of hypochondria that afflicted us actually. That’s the best way I can describe it, for we were very much like some paranoiac composer irrationally fearful of the onset of auditory agnosia, of which she had yet not been diagnosed, but which would, if she were to catch it somehow, cause her to, thereupon, hear all music as noise. This had not happened yet, and probably would never happen, but this did not mean that it ‘could’ never happen. And so, all one could do, for the sake of all that one held dear, was prepare. However, where we differed from this helpless hypochondriac composer was that we possessed the ability to take preventative action through preemptive measures.
“At the fringes of the Empire were the armies advancing northerly, southerly, easterly, westerly, northeasterly, southwesterly—I think there were even a few drilling into the deepest caverns and suspending themselves from balloons from the peaks of the tallest mountains. There were numerous fronts and no shortage of archers or spearmen or swordsmen or macemen who stood like iconic toy soldiers upon the symbolic battlefield, well paid by the overdrawn treasury, but loyal within an inch of their lives—though their lives need not have been shed in actuality but rather in principle—but loyal, nevertheless, in their inextinguishable will to the imperial family and all that it symbolized. The Royal Navy was headed by an intrepid admiral who commanded a dense flotilla of warships, all of which bore the flag of the magpie and seal of our imperial family. Our larger bubble absorbed smaller bubbles as we awed the merchants and the subsistence farmers and the herdsmen and the would-be bandits with spectacles which served to addle and overwhelm their simple minds. There were resisters, of course, but any insurgents now contained under our protective iridescent dome, who defied this creeping assimilation, were duly assailed by our symbols, our history, our language, our medical expertise and our manufactured women’s fineries. Economies transformed: farmers and herdsmen and merchants beholden to new Caste signifiers had to pay a premium for the social services they were now being provided. Some fell through the cracks of the new system and sunk to the level of bandits and murderers and rapists and kidnappers—or varying combinations of the four. Soon, coachmen passing through the hinterlands on a moonless night were warned of beasts that wandered the glowing rough tundra, who emerged from behind rocks or popped up from a bed of cotton grass and plucked naive and napping children—the plump ones especially—from the passing chaises and mixed them into their broths of hearty Solyanka. But these outliers were no threat to the larger order and their defiance was just as much an act of subsistence as it was of self-destruction, so we need not worry about them. Their actions serve to change very little unless representations start getting built around them by playwrights or politicians.
“You seem to be looking at me funny now, or maybe I am imagining it. You have been standing there slack-jawed for some time. I would hazard that you understood that last bit about subsistence and self-destruction happening parallel, but perhaps it does not interest you. Or maybe you do not understand. Either way, it does not matter, and I do not care. You do not matter, and neither do I. We both exist, albeit nominally. In any event, I shall continue!
“From the handle of every sword, along the head of every arrow, upon the shield which symbolically repelled the foreign beasts, there stood that very same crest—the anthropological vice—which fused together, like molten iron, our troops and our citizenry in order, heritage, values, traditions and social standards. We also repurposed their spiritual rites and iconography—their bhajans and dances and asanas and meditative practices and mesmeric incantations—for children’s games and recreational lollygagging. We appropriated their sacred body ink emblems to create rather fun children’s tattoos for our school festivals. We gave their funerary dances a more up-tempo flare and choreographed out of them new fitness regimens for wealthy old ladies and fad-obsessed vacationers at our summer resorts. We built pet hotels and Mantelope stables from their demolished museums and crafted gag costumes for fancy dress balls out of their ceremonial headdresses. The paintings of their gods were perfect for catching bird droppings in our cages. The marble from their demolished statues came to line the walls and canals of our sewers. And the columns into which they had engraved the names of their kings were sturdy enough to be used as supports for playground equipment for children. And if this infantilization and desecration of their sacred rites and idols did not sufficiently break their resolve, we engaged in other activities to ensure that these enemies repelled by our symbolic spears and hypothetical blows were chastised for their lack of commonality with what we were and stood for. The backwards peoples did not have the engineering sophistication, the intricate systems of plumbing and social services or the appreciation and empathy for their fellow citizens that we did. But once they yielded, we would indoctrinate them so that they could be the administrators of social systems equaling our standards and civility. But first they were to be awed by our might, their respect was to be earned, and unfortunately there would have to be some casualties along the way. Their captured spears would be dulled and used as children’s toys. Their ornate armor would be smelted into farm and garden implements. The prisoners of war would be given abacuses and quills and paper and asked to make themselves useful by keeping tallies on grain exports and tax revenues. To kill the boredom of captivity, they would do as told and be rewarded for their compliance with a prosperous life under a new flag. And with time the very image of that imperial crest would prove worthy of their fear, veneration and loyalty. They would give themselves over to it as civil servants and as soldiers, and we would take them in like a mother to a neglected child in a basket. Never would we see this found child again as disfavorable. We would protect and care for it and only ask that it be a dutiful child in return.
“There were also contradictions to be seen. The power of culture, its signifiers and the speed with which it pervaded and compelled all within its bubble to acquiescence—all of this provoked some degree of silent backlash. Some critical types cast a hardened glance, but said nothing. Other sensitive types were beside themselves with grief, but were also careful about keeping a lid on their rhetoric. And then there were the cynical pragmatists who shook their heads with a soured grin as though all of this had served to confirm their suspicions. In their private and solitary objections, all of these types maintained a preference for the vanquished, treasured that which had already been lost or was on the verge of becoming so. They were the preservationists whose whispered protests were drowned out by the demolition of sacred temples, the repurposing of existing myths for alignment with newly introduced faiths. They were the Bittersweet Melodists whose steadfast croons were refashioned by the dismissive ‘Now’ as a holdover from the inarticulate ‘Then.’ These traditionalists held back tears as their statues had their faces carved away. And even if the new faceless statues became an evident signifier of their ‘deculturation,’ they knew that there was no vindication to be found, for this theme would be appropriated to appeal to the aesthetic preferences of the more sophisticated ‘other,’ who scrutinized the phenomenon with an incisive gaze and muttered with its cohorts in private galleries about where this quiddity should find itself within their systems of recursively partitioned classification. 
“A few insightful things would be said here and there by stately figures sitting in the ornamented chairs of their forebears. They would rest their elbows upon the armrests, place their chins in their palms and tap ruminatively upon their cheeks. Finally, an utterance would persist and there would be a nod elsewhere in the cavernous chamber, or a retort—perhaps even the echo of a giggle for the matter being discussed was one beyond the bounds of that encapsulated by understood norms. Irreverent types might poke fun at the odd-sounding surnames of the decultured peoples, whose syllables, when pronounced, resembled the terms for tawdry topics or bodily functions in the common tongue. Others, more meticulous in their study of the phenomenon, would gather their most powerful lenses to view the matter up close. Their heads would be brimming with endless postulation. ‘What, indeed, is the interrelationship between these two contrasting cultures—between us and them?’ they would ask themselves. ‘And what is the nature of supervenience?’ There were sure to be anatomical similarities, of course, but could the distinction between ‘us’ and ‘them’ be drawn further down at the level of elementary particles? And if social groups supervened on individuals supervening on cells supervening on molecules supervening on atoms supervening on particles, could the particles in question be differentiated from one another and cultural elements thereby extracted and synthesized? These were the academic questions that perplexed, that stood beyond the grasp of any investigative methodologies available. However, these units of analysis only appealed to a few who were captivated by this phenomenon; most were otherwise consumed on the macro scale by the sensual display unfolding before them—this dynamic of the stronger overcoming the weaker.
“There was a performative aspect to it all, in fact—something that tantalized the limbic systems of all its spectators. This was the totality of the Spectacle of Spectacles concentrated into an easily understandable arena—that of cultural domination. The emotional appeal being framed was that of the tragedy of a civilization being whittled away. It was, to art enthusiasts and dramatists of sophisticated sensibilities, a tortured spectacle that could only serve to wrench one’s heart. How could it not after all? Were we all not human? ‘What a horrible creature man must be!’ became a heartening mantra among the civilized voyeurs to this vehicle of morbid curiosity. And so this stripping away of meaning from the culture became to the spectator very much like the experience of attending a circus wherein a wizened barbarian stood valiant whilst being savaged by the better rested, better fed and better equipped troops of our heroic legions. One was still to cheer the legions, but also to pity the barbarian. There was an honor to this sacrifice, but, all the same, it could only provoke also a wince of betrayal, that sensation that something sacred was being lost. How terrible we were indeed to allow it to become so. And while the spectators basked in their own repugnancy—in the shame begotten of this trade-off of advancement—there seemed little recognition that the ravaged captive was being squeezed of his intrinsic meaning to satisfy the aesthetic appetites of the other. The haunting and forlorn death throes of a civilization being picked apart were traumatic from within—one might say that it was a bit like having the meat picked away from one’s ribs whilst weakened but still breathing. And yet, it was a feat of the sublime to those with sufficient psychological distance who could peer from afar at the spectacle as it took shape before them. The perspectives of the conquering voyeurs, thusly, took primacy over those of the conquered foe even when it came to said foe’s phenomenological state. The terms of this anguish were to be dictated and appreciated externally. The foe was now relegated to being an animal in a cage, whose condition was best commented upon by ‘experts’ that had studied its behaviors closely.
“Have I explained this well? I am not confident that I have. Let us simply say, then, that the Spectacle of Spectacles encompassed also the meta-recognition of the influence that the Spectacle-in-question had upon those otherwise subsumed by it. And yet this recognition was, as you can see, rather facile and self-serving. It pronounced thick judgments without paying very good attention to what was truly happening. It mourned the loss of the other as though it were an inevitability. This trade-off was simply that and this acknowledgment of the cost for the benefit of the gain was the subject of many an artistic creation. Paintings and war epics and anthems and bhajans and pantomimes abounded with that labored iconography of ‘loss,’ which spoke little to the authenticity of the feeling itself but more to the ego of those depicting and those consuming it. And thus, the tragedy bespoke a hint of undetected farce. 
“The farce would not be missed completely. Some would look upon it and sometimes make mention, but then feel ashamed afterwards for having expressed something that was better kept in one’s head. There were many such shy, awkward creatures about—in every culture—who said peculiar things and then felt embarrassed about having said them. And yet, it took a self-conscious, self-consumed creature to pluck out the attributes of what was wrong all around her. She felt helpless actually, because these thoughts would come into her mind, and she could not control the fact that they were there. In fact, she would feel rather lonely if she did not express them, but then if she did express them, the loneliness would become shame because she would come to realize that she had been quite alone in what she had been sensing all along. And then, she would start to think that she had gotten it wrong, that perhaps others were right and that she was just an odd individual. It would be best to clam up and keep these ideas in her mind. She would, thus, go on about her day, making her peculiar observations, but then feeling foolish for them. She would force herself to fit in with others. Often, she would force a laugh at jokes she found anemic and unfunny. She would call other people’s ideas interesting and insightful even when they were tepid and half-baked. And then, she would come to despise herself even more for being an imposter. Well, it’s all rather complex, but also somewhat familiar, so I’ll stop here and leave you at that sentiment.
“Andressa did the same here, and perhaps it was only because she was projecting her own thoughts about this very feeling, which she knew vaguely, but not completely. On this platform, in fact—at the doorway to the latrine—she now realized that this was the first time in her life that she could remember ever having felt nervous and insecure in front of anyone. She had perhaps taken for granted the protection of the iconography that she was now railing against. In all her years of eccentricity, she had failed in her goal of stripping herself of this absurd title, and now she could feel the weight of it for the very first time. Those eyes fixed upon her—those wondrous, probing eyes of these subjects and followers who adored her and hung on her every word. And now she was not only their sovereign, but also their religious leader. The weight of the air nearly suffocated her at every pause, and so she could only keep speaking for fear of that horrible silence. Why was that? Why did she care? Did they know she was an imposter? She wanted it all to be gone—not just this moment but the memory of all that had led to it. And not even just the memory, but also the platform upon which all had been built. It would not be sufficient to wipe clean the slate of experience. One would have to disassociate the representations attached to each event in question. And there were many such events and many representations tied to them that required undoing in order for all of it to come lastingly undone. But how does one start? Does one simply shake the table upon which the house of cards has its foundations? And, if so, how does one go about doing such a thing?” 

V.

“Before I go any further, let me pause to tell you about something that happens to me from time to time. Perhaps, it happens to you as well. Now and again, I will awake from a deep slumber and not know where I am or who I am. I will not know anything of what has historically composed the self that I recognize vaguely in the moment to be ‘me.’ That is to say, I feel only lightly attached to this sense of ‘me.’ I do not even feel my body for a moment. All I know are my senses: what I hear, what I see—and smell. My eyes stare up into the endless black sky and catch in their periphery the shadows of structures in the starlight. Everything I look upon, every sound I hear is unfamiliar and frightening and pure as though experienced for the very first time. And then, slowly I begin to feel a tingling in what I now understand to be my hands. I feel the concrete beneath my head. I feel the warmth in my loins, and then I start to remember. This feeling of deep disappointment settles from my epidermis down into my viscera. This is not mere despondency over who I am or where I am. I am perhaps disheartened at the prospect of being weighed down again with memories and requirements and roles and obligations, for I had just then been a free-floating soul without identity, without shape, without memory, without attachment to any belongings, any signifiers. I had been fearful and free. I tell you this because this was something that I also remember experiencing in my childhood—far more frequently and well before I became anchored by this weight of signifiers. I can vividly recall that feeling in the middle of the night: not on the concrete, but rather in a warm bed. Amidst the comforts and dependencies of civilized life, yet not knowing who I was or why I was. I remember the disconcertment of remembering. Why did I have to go back to being who I was? Could I not remain this naked and naive particle with no attachment to anything, no connection to family, to belongings, to friends? Could I not just separate myself from it all and not start anew, but simply be that untethered consciousness? There was something wonderful about being so scared and uncertain, about not having a clear shape as to who I am supposed to be. I think we can only otherwise know something like this feeling at our moment of birth and once again at our moment of death.
“I tell you this now, because I believe it has some relation to this epiphany that was dawning upon Andressa at the conclusion of her Sermon from the Latrine. I do not know for certain what happened next. There was surely a moment when she paused and thought deeply about something related to the Spectacle of Spectacles.  And also about something related to that hypothetical shy and awkward creature who said peculiar things in response to the spectacles and found around her no understanding, but only the sort of annoyance and resentment that would elicit shame. She thought about these two phenomena and their relationship to one another whilst the congregation looked at her expectantly. And amidst that forcing function of oppressive silence, an idea crept slowly into her mind. 
“She called out suddenly to Warwick, who was just emerging from their own latrine, having only heard the sermon vaguely through the walls. Andressa pointed emphatically at her clothes and hair, exhaling loudly through her nostrils—or so the account goes. Apparently, this was sufficient signaling for Warwick to understand her intentions. Unfortunately, it was this very fact that concerned her: the symbolic pith of her very presence, her slightest gesture as being enough to convey abundant meaning. This was very much like the Spectacle of the Speaker-Doer that I had mentioned earlier. She knew that she needed to scale back on the signaling, divorce herself from context. Fortunately, these last signals to Warwick, her last attempt ever at straightforward communication really, would lay the groundwork for what was to come next.
“Warwick gathered a team of seamsters and seamstresses as well as a few gender non-binary tailors and set them up in one of the caverns under the city, where they labored tirelessly on a special project. After a month, they emerged from the cave with a stack of costumes, hats and wigs. During all this time, Andressa had receded into a small tent where she meditated in private. Upon hearing the commotion of Warwick’s return, she exited her tent, emaciated and pallid, but also heartened to see that Warwick had undertaken similar austerities within the cave. Save for the few inches that Warwick had on her, the two half-cousins were more or less of the same build. They were equally haggard, and appeared congruent in the pointiness of their elbows and jaws. They had also both lost significant amounts of the hair on the tops of their heads, and their soot-caked faces now seemed to highlight all the more the light beards they had both had since birth. 
“In spite of the many days they had spent apart, the greeting between the reunited pair was virtually non-existent save for the meeting of eyes, the parting of lips. They each silently chose a few costumes and wigs and retired to their private enclosures as though this act, in and of itself, was all that mattered to them. In the days following, there was a little bit of confusion as to who was who as the pair seemed to trade identities rather often. Andressa would become Warwick for a few hours and vice versa, and then both would switch spots and return to their originals as though nothing at all had ever happened. On some occasions, Andressa would throw a little more confusion into the mix by acting as though she were Warwick portraying Andressa, while Warwick did the same. 
“As you can imagine, the congregation was unable to make heads or tails of all of this. And to make matters even more confusing, the half-cousins soon ceased with their individual routines and started to maintain a rather subdued presence among the congregation thereby reducing the frequency of identifying signifiers attached to their mannerisms. Stripped of the constancy of these routines, it soon became difficult for even their most steadfast followers to discriminate the presence of Andressa-Andressa from that of Andressa-Warwick, or the presence of Warwick-Andressa from that of Warwick-Warwick. And so, what could be often taken as Andressa-Warwick could actually have been Warwick-Warwick going as their natural self, but merely putting on Andressa-like affectations.
“There was a discipline to this actually, for certainly Andressa and Warwick both had to pay strict attention to those aspects of their own behavior that they would otherwise take for granted in order to unlock the signifiers attached to identity. It was a self-discovery of a different sort than what could be found by simply looking inward. What one required was a tent full of mirrors and a methodical attention as to what quirks and ticks produced were decidedly Warwickian and which were undeniably Andressan. With practice, they became better at switching between the two. Warwick-Warwick might be showing the typical signs of true Warwickian behavior, but then make a split-second foray into Andressan tendencies. Or Andressa could go for days withholding her own quirks and ticks and then suddenly produce one whilst dressed as Warwick. Everyone in her presence would understand this to be a controlled deception, but would be unable to determine who was doing this. Through iterations of repeated contradiction, the concept of which mannerisms were beholden to the constructs of Andressism and Warwickity became a rather academic argument. 
“And then, some new stimulus might be introduced. Perhaps, one week, one of the two might demonstrate some new behavior or mannerism previously unseen by the congregation and viewed as wholly ‘uncharacteristic’ to both half-cousins. And then, the next week, the mannerism would vanish altogether or even reappear in the other half-cousin but with some new variation integrated. Of course, the followers were not complete rubes—they could sense something amiss in what their leaders were attempting to do and came to view this as a kind of Spectacle of Diversion. And yet, the duo seemed to comport themselves with such subtlety that any skepticism cast toward new behaviors was moderated by an inveterate self-doubt on the part of the observer. Perhaps, the observer-in-question had missed this tick or mannerism or behavior previously and was only now coming to notice it for the first time. A person’s certainty about such matters was only as sound as her faintest memory, and one would be remiss if she did not acknowledge that this rendered her judgments as to the veracity of her suspicions somewhat unreliable. There seemed no need to make mention of the anomaly for shame of revealing one’s ignorance to others. After all, what if the others had observed this previously and knew it to be doubtlessly Warwickian, if not otherwise Andressan? 
“No, there was no point at all in calling attention to this questionable specimen. But then, the silence only reinforced the public consensus that all was as it should have been. Unfortunately, these ticks and mannerisms only grew in frequency over time, or they would be replaced by others that bore only slight resemblances to the originals. In some cases, one of the half-cousins would cease to demonstrate some characteristic behavior known already to the congregation and then partially resume it, only to stop again mid-expression as though to shrug off the whole self-conscious act entirely. Eventually, it became evident to the congregation that this Spectacle of Diversion held deeper implications for both the actors and their observers. This flagrant self-consciousness being put on display seemed to render all signification of personality to farce. It was a methodical mockery of the notion of identity and of that falsity of persona. It spoke to the grandest of illusions: a mesmeric conspiracy between matter and energy that induced one to take the evanescent fabrication and refabrication of substance for the ‘real’ and conflate instead the insubstantial with the ‘unsubstantiable.’ What was the nature of this prestidigitation, this conception of ‘self’ and ‘other,’ of ‘life’ and ‘lifelessness,’ of ‘dominator’ and ‘dominated,’ of ‘entity’ and ‘non-entity?’ It was complex series of intersecting demarcations begotten only of fancy—indeed a Spectacle of Spectacles.
“Through the congregation swept a wave of paralysis at this astounding realization; yet, also within this wave lingered a hint of that betrayal and humiliation at the frequent deceptions that had become over time the micro-accumulating catalysts toward this threshold of epiphany. Could there not have been some other way for this to be signaled? Or perhaps, the followers were granting themselves undue self-importance in envisaging so. If there was an illusion to Self, then it should inevitably follow that humiliation and betrayal—two Ego-induced conceptions, to be sure—were of equivalent stature: that is to say, identical in their utter negligibility. 
“Still, in the absence of Ego and humiliation and betrayal and any desire for esteem, one was left only with a simple barebones pragmatism. It was clear to the followers that their leaders did not care about them at all. Yet, this also served to signal that the leaders did not wish either to be taken seriously. Whether or not it had been their intention to signal this, the only answer to being completely dismissed was to aspire toward a kind of Symmetrical Ignorance. Andressa and Warwick had built a certain degree of levity and wonder around this blurring of identities. To some it seemed a bit prankish and unbecoming. Others saw it as something of the sublime. However, one saw it, the behavior was anomalous in the eyes of the congregation: for most of their tenure, Andressa and Warwick had ignored their followers, but now, and after a rather stirring monologue about spectacles from the steps of that latrine, there was now an intention to engage more actively with the group, but only for the purposes of deception. And so, after spending some time in dumbfounded awe, the group collectively reached the conclusion that it only made sense to reject their leaders as much as their leaders rejected them and with an equivalent sense of cavalier glee. Whether this rejection arose out of obedience to leaderly expectation or out of an organic sense of self-directed initiative depended on how a given person viewed the circumstances.  
“Some of the more ego-oriented followers were admittedly psychologically wounded by these deceptions visited upon them by their leaders and now sought to rebel against these snooty royals who had endeavored to make their flock look foolish. They understood that their own feelings about the matter were to be seen as mere illusions—that is, just a feat of imagination. Still, in the absence of feelings, did there not yet reside some modicum of justice? Objectively speaking, this was arguably shabby treatment of a group of people who had sacrificed a great deal for the sake of something greater. To ignore them, then acknowledge them and thereupon intentionally delude them was an injustice too great to ignore! Some action had to be taken if there was any sense of realignment to be had out of all this. It would need to match this level of deception and perhaps even venture into the realm of mockery. Yes! These pranksters would mock their leaders. This was the only way! Surely there had to be room for a little bit of parody, and so these merry pranksters saw fit to get a little of their own back for all this nonsense that had been put on display. And so, they snatched up some of the wigs and costumes from the pile and played at being Warwick and Andressa, albeit in a way that rather mocked their ticks and idiosyncrasies rather palpably. 
“Not all of the followers went about things in this way: there were others who were a bit more serious-minded, less prankish and who took everything their leaders did at surface value. By watching their leaders toss aside their personas so selflessly, their reverence and admiration had grown by leaps and bounds. They were, thusly, prompted by this stunning display of abnegation to follow these same rituals in precisely the same manner in the hope that, by doing so, they would walk that same righteous path that had already been set out for them. In saying all of this, I should not balk from mentioning how deeply impacted these followers had been by the importance that had been lent them by their leaders in their act of intentional deception. I mean—think on it a moment. They had been largely ignored for years, but had continued on with the faith that they were doing something right. And then, suddenly, Andressa acknowledges their existences during her Sermon from the Latrine; and moreover, she and Warwick play at this game of mimicking one another in their presence.  In doing so, it seemed that they were modeling a new prescribed behavior for the congregation—one which bedeviled all spectacles and which would serve them well in their journeys of self-discovery. And so, these devotees would now follow suit: like the merry pranksters, they snatched up some wigs and costumes from the pile. Albeit with a greater sense of decorum and sobriety than that seen with the merry pranksters, these devotees would gleefully cast aside their own Egos and don new likenesses and contradictory mannerisms. They would not do so with the aim of mockery or parody. Rather, they would perform Passion Plays that would serve to inspire greater devotion among those who had not yet been reached. And they, too, would blur the lines of their own identities just like they had been implicitly compelled to do—if for no other reason than to defeat that hobgoblin of consistency that their leaders quite rightly opposed! 
“And then, there were others, of course, who fell into neither category. I would hesitate to call this a third group of followers because really there were all types with all kinds of motivations. What did seem consistent among them, however, was their reaction to the sermon and the accompanying Spectacle of Diversion. Just like the others, they were paralyzed by the revelation that all—including identity, persona and lived existence—had been manifested from nothingness. However, they took this a step further in their tacit assumption that the natural order of all things amounted to nihility and that Everything was, in effect, a loose derivation of Nothing. That is, all known manifestation was chiefly an ex ante state of forecasted possibilities rather than metaphysical conditions represented according to any fixture of Time. Therefore, their existence was merely subset to a given juxtaposition of variables comprising a ‘plausible reality.’ This ‘reality,’ of course, by being merely a ‘forecast’ and not ‘actual,’ would best be likened to a ‘simulation’—though I do not like using this word describe it. Let us just say, then, that it is one of an incalculable number of conceivabilities deriving from an infinitesimal origin. We would lack the vocabulary to explain it, but let us just say that all matter and energy and all properties of mathematics exist only as one permutation of innumerable possibilities of something that could, but does not necessarily, exist. Or, at least, so went the thinking of this third group of followers, who rejected all things, but who also, in their remarkable integrity and diligence, endeavored to reject the concept of ‘rejection’—albeit to no avail. 
“And so here we were: with this mad-cap and motley crew of Pranksters and Devotees and Permutationists. Somehow they all arrived at the same course of action in response to their leaders: intentional mimicry. Whether it was in jeering defiance or dogmatic veneration to divine authority or out of a rejection of both extremes absolutely, the followers became mindful participants in the Grand Charade. There was a ritual forged out of identity switching, but also a non-ritual. Furthermore, it was neither—for even to say that it was a non-ritualistic was to give it a posture, which certainly one could arguably say it did not have. The fact is that it managed to be all three of these at once depending on how it was viewed by the observer-in-question or the non-observer who did not believe in questions. Whatever the case, for all involved, it was undeniably a good bit of fun! With the abandonment of identity came also a renunciation of attachment and expectation—both intrinsic and extrinsic—which proved to be an added bonus and even a source of liberation for the followers. It was these two elements, after all, that were particularly bewildering, for whosoever could say with genuine conviction that she has been exempted from the process of becoming, whether in thought or attitude or behavior, precisely whatever others have wished her to be! Very few, if any, I would imagine. And now, there was only the bliss of casting aside Self and becoming instead something rather unlikely—a poor actor hamming it up in an uninspiring get-up that accorded well with the expectations of none specifically and who reshaped, for herself and the observer both, the conception of attachment: that essential quality of possessing and being possessed.
“The Grand Charade remained a source of contentment for quite some time. However, one could only deprive it of those mechanisms of human meaning making for so long. In spite of the purest inclinations of some who had sought to desanctify the community’s core values through this process of persona randomization, the practice of ‘cleansing’ and ‘rebirth’ eventually became consecrated to the level of sacrament over the course of its ceaseless iterations, thereby transfiguring it by-and-by into a reincarnative ritual whose predictability and mystery primed it for greater receptiveness and popularity as it spread beyond the boundaries of the parish. Naturally, there were those who argued against its status as ritual, but who were only skilled enough to do so formulaically and by incorporating patterns and time-worn subroutines for philosophical discourse, thereby backing themselves again into a corner of semantic ritualism from which there was no known escape. There was no way to reckon, it seemed, with that need for structure, organization, routine, repetition and a meaning by which to abide. The Pranksters and the Permutationists were willing, it seemed, to settle for arbitrary meaning if there had to be any at all—as long as it was ‘arbitrary.’ The Devotees, on the other hand, were willing to settle for ‘arbitrary’ so long as there was ‘meaning.’ 
“Soon, the rites became common practice in the outer Fringes of the city among merchants, youths and curiosity-seekers to the logical extreme that there were now 10,001 Andressas and 10,001 Warwicks at any given time. No one knew who was the True Warwick or the True Andressa—and actually, this became a moot point soon enough as the two originals had already moved on to other portrayals and characterizations of others within the royal family and among the celebrities and oligarchs of the culture. This, of course, prompted even more mimicry and far more confusion.
“What all these persona exchanges and recalibrations amounted to in sum was a devaluation of that Spectacle of Identity. Indeed it is reasonable to ask what happens truly to the currency of Self when there is a flood of new denominations entering into the public arena. What does the multiplication of identities, the varying permutations of Self portend? What if we were to shatter all mirrors, obscure all reflective surfaces, cloud every pond and fountain and stream—what if we were to do this and replace all reflective semblances with mirror forms living parallel existences? 
“We can never truly know her intentions, but we can safely assume that this blurring of the boundaries of identity had been a part of Andressa’s initial plan. The initiative started with the duplication of Self. Warwick would often dress as Andressa and vice versa, and the two would behave in pronouncedly different ways and in such a manner that no one knew who was True Warwick, True Andressa, Andressa-Warwick, or Warwick-Andressa, and in what proportions. And, as I mentioned, this practice soon spread throughout the congregation, and the followers—whether in mockery or in reverence or out of utter rejection of the falsities of lived existence—began to model themselves after these two. It was not long before this appropriation of personalities spilled over to include other notable figures of our civilization. And, as I said, it began to overflow into the culture of the city and the civilization at large. 
“A company of thespians started performing passion plays in public squares in which they portrayed key moments in Andressa and Warwick’s lives—some of which was dramatized for the sake of brevity and some for pure audience appeal. This produced mass audiences around town, and the success of this prompted some of their understudies to journey to forts, outposts and villages throughout the Empire to put on a traveling show. Rival theater companies emerged who decked themselves out as lesser known members of the royal family, including historical personages—a practice which had, until then, been banned, but which now was unstoppable by sheer weight of the audience numbers. Not to be overwhelmed by the flood of misrepresentations and fictional imagery, the Imperial Household Agency sanctioned an official version of historical and current events sometimes featuring living members of the Royal family—usually distant cousins—in the roles of Emperors, Empresses, Princes and Princesses. Unfortunately, audiences found these official tellings a little stolid in comparison with the more scandalous—and sometimes even obscene—tellings that had served to increase the audiences’ appetites for the display of royal imperfections. Soon costume-clad impersonators appeared all about town—in public squares, at taverns, at dinner parties, at museums, at post offices and at legislative meetings. 
“The fact was that since no one knew for certain who was who in the Imperial family, there were numerous cases of mistaken identity in which royal decrees came about by imposters to the throne. And then, of course, there was further mischief. Royal tombs got robbed, and human mummies were replaced with the skeletons of chimpan-donkeys and contortoises and ambulatory goldfish so as to confound historical record. Similarly, the portraits and sculptures and busts in museums were replaced with forgeries depicting alternate likenesses. Books in the library were defaced or otherwise replaced by others with new accounts. In the art and in books, historical figures and renowned forebears of prominent citizens sometimes took on more godly shapes, and sometimes the imagery veered toward the repugnant—there was a short-lived phase in which someone took to depicting all royalty in the act of defecation. 
“And with the citizens still in the process of playing at the make believe of donning different likenesses, a new question came to the fore as to whether these royals had ever existed in the first place. Even the Imperial family now—did they exist? We had seen those consortia of distant relatives in the floating gardens, the cast aside children like Andressa and Warwick—but all of this seemed like a bit of a sham. There was most certainly an Imperial Household Agency, but perhaps they were complicit in the perpetuation of a vast lie. There were no royals and had never been. All accounts of them, all ascensions and declensions and coronations and abdications and power grabs and funeral processions, all stories of the young Imperial princes and their childlike fascinations with insects—all of it was fabrication. And so the stabilizing symbols of our lives soon came unhinged from our consciousness to the logical extreme that we each began to question truly who we were, how we were and why we were. 
“The multiplication of identities was a phenomenon no longer affecting just those figureheads of our society—it now spread to include all of us. At the portside, merchants whispered along arcs of the harbor and over barrels of honeyed ale, trading personalities like old sea dogs exchanging fleas. Experience was never transferred completely, but rather refabricated. In the compromised light of dawn and the looming shadows of dusk, memory became as sordid a negotiation as that of ‘Self’ and ‘Other.’ And as the sun peeks from the horizon, two shadows might merge momentarily amidst the erupting glimmer of shifting tides. They would pass right through each other, and one might catch an indistinct murmur of voices, though it would be difficult to pinpoint who precisely was speaking and what they were speaking about. A ghostly schooner would float upon the far edge of the sea while a crowd of silhouettes stands upon a rocky promontory leaning expectantly toward its fluttering jib sail; they confer over this spectacle with delight, marveling at this miraculous confabulation of ‘was-ness’—this immaculate deceit of reflection. 
“Voices were heard—sometimes from this mouth, sometimes from another. A stray memory might pass through—was it mine? Did it belong to someone else? Perhaps, it was just imagination or some free radical, if not some vagrant inclination. Maybe I am inheriting it in advance of tomorrow, at which time I should pass into my next incarnation. If this is so, I have only to look forward to this new visage. Today, I was this person, but yesterday I was that. Was I impersonating another while he appropriated the identity of a third, or were we all inventing new personalities that had never before existed—including the one we were mindfully stepping away from? Did we live then as no one else had ever lived before? To imagine so was exhilarating, at the very least in its possibilities of what was to be. There was no longer the Self-of-Now, but rather the preference for the Self-of-Next, and we became, thusly, as a collective, the Ethereal Other. Always in motion between this identity and the next, momentarily forgetting the one from yesterday and having long cast aside that one from the day before last. We were a formless cloud of identity—vaporous particles that bound with the closest complex in proximity and allowing the recency of association to overcome the primacy of origin. Pockets of pressure formed in this fold of the cloud or that one, and there were incidental bursts that began to happen. At first, these seemed anomalous, but with the further loosening of boundaries and of the consequences attendant with those boundaries, small cataclysms cycled into larger chain reactions.
“Foundations began to crack: little fissures at first in the walls around the city, but these grew over time. And then the weight of the structures began to conspire against the very frames that held them in place until a rampart here or a turret there might come crashing down upon the rocks to tumble into the surf below. There were cracks now in the streets beyond repair from which rats poured outward from their nests in the catacombs. They infested the city and spread disease with their bites upon their cheeks. Food was pilfered, babies picked apart by these fiendish rodents! The city soon fell under quarantine and all imported goods were halted at the ports. The people began to starve. Some turned to robbery and others to more serious offenses. And soon the ruins of our structures mirrored our own withering trust in one another. There was no more civic sense, no sense of the Common Good. We were a society stripped of all symbolic meaning, and thusly stripped of our common altruism. Makeshift ideologies emerged and lasted for seconds before being pulverized to dust by nascent rivals. In fact, the speed at which new representations took shape and were reduced to nihility was so alarming as to stun us all to paralysis. The rest is hard to pin down. I don’t quite remember the order in which things happen because I lacked then the solidity of constructs for making sense of them—they were as grains of sand slipping continuously from between my fingers. Nevertheless, there is that one moment that remains frozen in my mind, that one that I could never forget even if I tried—it was the image of those floating gardens, the celestial paradaiza, falling from above to shatter the node of the palace before tumbling through the fountain in the center square. A hole formed at the exact center, and the water from the fountain poured inward seeming never to strike the bottom of this pit. The hole grew rapidly, and the streets crumbled away as it widened. The whole city had started to cave in on itself as though it had been built on a massive sinkhole—and this was just the beginning.
“In a matter of minutes, every one of our constructions, long since drained of their symbolic value, began to implode—that is to say, they dissolved to their base elements. Now, they were piles of atoms, puddles of bubbling liquids evaporating into mists. All that remained of the Previous were those systems of code we held in memories, whose adequacy we were helpless but to doubt. 
“I tell you all this, but now I am deeply troubled. I hold the name of this lost place sacrosanct. The hope and possibilities—these bittersweet illusions that overwhelmed the actual—have kept me going all these years. But I am now overtaken by a wicked yearning to release it all. To abandon all inside me. This desire corrodes me at my insides like the black pit that corroded the city from the inside out. It is an overwhelming desire to do something that one simply mustn’t because one knows it to be in one’s worst interests. Have you never laughed at a funeral, at some wrong moment? There was no reason for you to do it, no incentive behind the craving, but simply a loose craving that must be satisfied. Such is the feeling that possesses me now—a compulsion to simply whisper the name and vanquish all that I have come to value, disperse that sacred cloud and be done with it. I shan’t whisper it into this cooling wind, this nip at the end of an interminable summer.
“Mmm…yes, I shan’t. We have lost something rather valuable, and I am frightened of losing more. Frightened. Is that the kind of life I should want? Perhaps, I should let go and move forward and be done. To be honest, I simply cannot decide. None of us could quite let go, even when we had to move forward. Did I tell you about the perfume my aunt had? Good gravy—I imagine I haven’t. After the implosion, a group of chemists from a neighboring civilization came to pick up samples from the rubble piles and from the bubbling puddles. From their samples, they were able to isolate all of the chemical compounds that comprised our civilization. They took this extensive list of ingredients and created special perfumes from them which they put into containers and sold in their high-priced boutiques along the shopping boulevards of distant cities. They gifted one of these bottles to my aunt and she wore the scent always, but it also always made her cry uncontrollably to the point that we were unable to stop her. She eventually put it away in a case and stopped using it. She told us that every time she put it on, she felt like she was forgetting home a little more, forgetting whom she had been. And yet, when she did not have it on, she craved it more. She wanted to remember that scent if only momentarily, even if it caused her to lose more in the process. We came to realize that it was the fact of her wearing it in a new context—a new space where it had no attachment—that caused this permeating essence to fade. She wore it, but what it evinced changed with each wearing, with each new atmosphere it confronted. Over time, the scent weakened and even the liquid in the bottle came to evaporate on its own. All that remained finally was an aroma so faint that it was hardly distinct from any other perfume one would encounter upon entering one of these boutiques. 
“What a fool I am. For I am doing much the same by telling you this story. It has no doubt changed in my memory with this verbalization, with its inadequate rendering in words on these streets, with these smells and in the company of a witless Urchin like yourself. In telling this story, I have forced the experience to confront a new atmosphere in which it is likely to be overwhelmed. Imagine, for example, wearing one of those fancy perfumes upon this excrement-ridden street! The experience is very much the same. And so, these words have displaced the ineffable—I have thereby besmirched something rather sacred to me. 
“Fortunately, I have little else of consequence to tell you. There is nothing worthwhile to say of my journey here because what does it matter if in every permutation of truth emerging from its telling I find myself here and in this state before you? For all that has happened, all that lies beneath the surface in what constitutes the phenomenological condition of my existence, we can safely say that the most crucial aspect is what you see before you. My dear Urchin, to be deprived of sustenance is in many respects a similar experience to that of being deprived of symbols and meaning. And so, even in the absence of my story, you will have understood all that you will ever need to know by simply being here in this place and in my presence. It is, thusly, the consequence that matters most. The rudiments are here, and you need not look any further for all you will find is more smoke and endless arrays of mirrors.
“The Spectacle Reconstructed is merely a distraction. And perhaps in my desire to share something that differentiates me from you, I have only managed to contradict myself. We are very much alike, very much stripped of the illusion of semblance. Like my aunt forgetting her identity, we are nameless particles in the cloud connected in infinite ways by substance. If you came too close, I might claim your meat and cook you in a stew, but you are not beyond comprehending this desperation. I would be just as understanding if you were to do the same with me. 
“I did not want to leave that place in my memories—that veranda with my uncle, but I know it now to be a craving that I must do without. I will speak the name of my town and be done with its memory. Henceforth, I shall exist in the here and now and unburden myself of what once was.”
A single tear came to his eye as he said this. And as though in response to this determination, the winds began to pick up and the rains fell heavier. The boy leaned in to hear the name as it passed from whispering lips. To no avail, the syllables scattered in the winds before they could reach the ears of the Urchin. And immediately, the man looked frightened and freed all at once from some burden for his emaciated frame slumped forward again, his breathing wavered and a pronounced shiver projected outward from his core to his extremities. 
In the sweeping chill of the wind, his skin grayed and his eyelids fluttered weakly before he collapsed to his side coughing violently. Slowly, the coughs became slow convulsions. And soon, these also stopped. He had up until now looked rather tired and ashamed.
Now, he looked very much at peace. No more shame, no more exhaustion.
The boy looked again to the streets. The spiderwebs framing the corners of human constructions were having their limits tested by the ferocity of gusts; papers and rubbish and extinguished beedis flew in every direction; brown and orange leaves tumbled along, occasionally clogging storm drains and gutters. 
Summer, or what was often called the ‘summer,’ was plummeting abruptly toward its demise. Perhaps, that should mean something.
Or maybe it was scarcely worth a mention.

The Seasons


Surely, it was the latter.
When sufficient distance has been achieved, one might come to discern in words like ‘summer’ and ‘autumn,’ the declaration of certain false consistencies selected only for their convenience. They were words that signified predictable change, along which plantings and harvestings could carefully be coordinated. Yet, there was also something rather preposterous to them. They stood as signposts for cycles related to temperatures, weather patterns and the duration of sunlight. However, it would have been better to view them as a segmentation of cycles based upon the regional positioning of an observer upon some rotating mass that orbited a luminous heat source—merely that and nothing more. It was a localized phenomenon—an organizing proposition—that failed to account for the erratic fluctuations and gas exchanges and governing dynamics of the larger universe. Why was there no thinking beyond that which was immediate? Why did it always have to relate to the mundane—to the here and now and not consider what loomed external to one’s scope? The sun, the moon, all of the planets—the whole galaxy, in fact!—were in continuous movement, each possessed of a vector and a trajectory. Yet, this had no place in the frameworks shaped around ‘predictability’—therefore, ‘autumn’ and ‘summer’ did not account very well for these movements. Indeed there were no true cycles by which to register and prognosticate change, for all things were in constant flux and unceasingly reactive. If there was a cycle to anything at all, it was as aligned with the principles of supply and demand as the notions of ‘up’ and ‘down’ were to that of gravity!
Still, there were notable characteristics assigned to these constructs: ‘summer’ and ‘autumn.’ Observations bubbled to the surface and were thusly composited. For example, surface dwellers of this hemisphere said that in the summers, life proliferated, passions flared, whilst, in the autumns, the climax of activity had passed and the time to reflect and change had finally come. The mere mention of these observations was sufficient to propel one to boredom. To be sure, there was no shortage of uninspiring platitudes attached to the seasons, and they stood as symptoms to a larger affliction: that tendency to overreach. It was not satisfactory enough to say that there existed a consistency of physical properties to behold and nothing more. There had to be some kind of thaumaturgy applied to this consistency as though to say that this segmentation bore a deeper metaphysical meaning. Furthermore, there was very little entertainment of the notion that this attribution of ‘consistency’ was just as much a distraction as this conception of ‘cycles.’ If one sought to be methodical in the way one viewed things, it was important to recognize that there was no such creature as ‘consistency’ and certainly no mythic beast one could refer to legitimately as a ‘cycle.’ The seasonality of all things was a respectable farce arising out of physical dynamics. The declaration of consistency: a necessary deception.
Was it foolish to see things in this way? Perhaps, it was, and there would be no shortage of those who were quick to declaim these estimations as rather specious, if not somewhat pretentious. 
They could have been right. There was a lot of urgency attached to this assigning of labels to seasons and cycles and constancies and times and places and rocks and trees and entities and non-entities (both legal and otherwise). This notion of ‘the Urchin’ for example was a rather mysterious phenomenon—what was an ‘urchin’ precisely and what attributes should be expected to comprise it? How could one presume to assign that label without some archetype by which to compare it? 
There had to be some standard, after all—even if only to signal its very decay.
One was perhaps to take a young boy in frayed clothing standing on the street at any given time to be an Urchin. The Urchin-in-question was to have had a requisite subset of life experiences and expectations according with a range of general assumptions held in common by the community. For example, there lay the assumption of desperation, malnutrition and surely some degree of necessity that prompted the young boy to transgress occasionally what one otherwise took to be natural law. The Urchin might not speak, and his silence could be taken for compliance or sluggishness or obedience or sullen shame. He could not simply stand and listen to an elder shaman upon the sidewalk without it carrying this signification of an Urchin on the street listening to an irascible blowhard. This held a different value externally to what it held internally.
“As for the elder shaman, he had been assigned a value that had managed to overcome his own sense of whom he was. To be sure, he was not seen as a shaman at all, but rather as a Layabout of the First Order, most likely an old beggar of a lower caste whose lot in life had already been decided for him. Even though he had come to this place in another time, before Bahlia was even a dot on the map, the old man had understood the value assigned to him and the essential level of indignity it portended. And so he carried it upon him like a badge. He knew that he was expected to feel embarrassed for his destitution whether or not he had any control over the matter. And so, he was perhaps too diffident to know he was a mystic of this society, and too despondent not to react with a hint of insecurity to what he perceived to be a probing gaze from a young ‘Urchin’ who had the audacity to listen. Therefore, through this dynamic, the layabout and the urchin were performing roles that had been thrust upon them, whether they knew it or not. The layabout, however, knew the role and had imbibed the sensibilities behind it even at moments when they felt deeply unnatural.
It was difficult to know why he appeared so accustomed to being labeled as a ‘layabout’ and so easily dismissed as a type when he was something grander in composition. Even at the end of his long and thoughtful story, he denigrated its meaning and clung instead to the consequence of now. For a brief moment, there was something wonderful in this abandonment of meaning, of releasing all that had preceded him. In his detachment, he had given himself over to embracing something vaster, yet less certain. Still, in this abandonment of consistency, he also managed to open himself further to the signifier that had been branded upon him from the outside. In spite of this stunning moment of epiphany, he lacked the fervency and conviction to argue against his status in this community. For it did not matter, a Layabout was as meaningful a signifier as that of King or Fishmonger or Shaman. These were all roles to play, and he would accept any because all of it was ephemeral and only had meaning so long as one presumed it should. At any rate, there was scant time for him to consider this before he was overcome by that fit of coughing and convulsion that led to his demise.
And so, he became a dead Layabout in the street. The Urchin was to be his successor. 
It seemed there was no escape from these hard walls and limiting corners. There was no mode of direct and intentional living that granted any degree of exemption from the strictures of social organization. Perhaps, the only way to proceed was to ignore it all truly and draw insight wherever one could. 
Otherwise, one might find himself distracted by such trivialities as roles and labels and cycles and seasons!
Adrift


A twirling seed is pulled upward from the foot of the very tree that had shaped his contours, his membranous samara. And now the towering ancestor casts an indifferent gaze to the horizon as a breeze draws this forgotten achene outward and over the expanse of a verdant plane. 
This seed fancies himself invisible and adrift always in some purposeful direction. He is moving toward ‘Something’: that much is certain.

*  *  *

Yargies flank the sods to a crisp. There is no vilifying of moods without strict governance, or so says the Coach, who on this spirited eve dons his Lizard mask. 
The acolytes line up, and they are biting their cheeses with excessive tension. The Harble makes the trade, and it seems that the Spuckundies are left only to relish in their stunk luck. 
“Rapid bit of cytokinesis, Yargie-5! Smagdanimous timing with those daughters. Unintelligent fortune ‘pon those Protoplasmic Lassies!” 
“Fancy an Arbiter for that dribbet of Poison?”
“Sadly, the muck is upon me. Can’t see much further than me Younce would shape me. Shaper of tapering expectation, ‘im!”
“Oh, he’s a grim topiarist, he is! Trimming with zeal until there’s nothing left of ye.”
With this proclamation, the ritual reaches its terminus. As the acolytes gather sticks and adjust their quivers, the piercing gaze of the Coach falls upon the perimeter of the plane. He is a high priest of this tribe, and ever vigilant of the abounding threats, his face contorts at the glimpse of a malign specimen resting upon the edges. Hovering at this periphery is an idling sum, whose addends are commutative while still equaling, in no uncertain terms, an irrational quantity. Eyes hardened with scorn, the cleric’s gaze lifts to the trees whose branches sway in tangles of communion. This appears a chance affiliation, albeit one whose properties are noteworthy. The juxtaposition is not a chosen one, but it spurns all other, possibly better, allegiances for the sake of making a go of its own. There is, thusly, no question as to its Ontological Favor when drawn in parallel with other theoretical permutations. Why did no one else understand this?
This high priest is calmed momentarily by the wistful hum of migratory Romantic Mosquitoes swarming about him. They are a thoughtful bunch, and they seem to delight especially in the climes of this region during this particular segment of the human cycle when hosts grow pensive and slow down, their breaths growing deeper and fuller. This slowdown of activity, this conscious respiration, becomes apparent to them also in the increase in concentrations of the Blooky Blood—the sort they like with that savor of hyperoxygenation. One could even call it a delicacy among their type. 
 “Traveling papers! Baba City!” the Coach exclaims, his gaze back now upon the hovering irrationality at the perimeter. “Twist inward! Neither a Harble nor a Gratin for the Cartons of Mayhem otherwise.”
The branches may be tangled together whilst swaying in the wind, but not all things are braced in static union. Leaves are relentlessly pushed by an intensifying wind. They tumble and adhere helplessly to surfaces. They look fanciful and gleeful. It seems like they are buoyant in some elegant dance. However, there is no movement all their own, but only that shove which forces them to acquiescence. They yearn for a greater weight of substance, a mass that is solid and sturdy and unmoving that could resist the shove and could grant them some degree of self-determination, but also they know that such a makeup would be burdensome to them for different reasons. It is a trade-off either way.
Perhaps, it is better to move even if one does not control one’s own motions, even if one does not see ultimately where one is going. The wind has existed for a longer time, and perhaps is to be trusted in its shoves of encouragement. Nevertheless, there is this weariness that comes with constant movement. One never quite has a moment to pause and reflect on where one is going and what one is doing. And so, one is only reacting to prods, moving with each gust, albeit not in a fashion that one would call ’self-possessed.’ In fact, it is the diametric opposite of this. 
One could only refer to this characteristic as one of Pure Reactivity. 

*  *  *

The duration of sunlight is shorter now. Not just on the verdant plane, but everywhere. Shadows are longer and merge seamlessly into darkness. Activity is dulling, its actors now having grown lethargic. It is not at all like it had been in the summertime.
Remember that splendid season? We know it to be just as much an illusion as any other season, just as much an irrelevancy as this concept of ‘cycles’—but let us still remember it! Now, it feels so long ago.
Recall that one night: there was that peculiar moment when the Moon seemed to utter a name both familiar and unthinkable. It came out in a female’s voice and seemed almost to emerge from no direction in particular. Perhaps, even from the window of a passing stagecoach—though this was surely a deception. The Moon was likely throwing its voice. Either way, the sound was directed into the woods by the side of the highway. 
“Is that you?” the Moon inquired after saying this familiar name. Conceivably, it was addressing the chips of bark that sat among the weeds and the fell branches and those brambles that puncture the skin of animals to spread their seeds. Or maybe it was assigning that absurd name to any who would accept it. Whatever the case, the Moon called out this familiar name once more with some degree of urgency before persisting in a curious tone, “What are you doing?” 
This was all rather much. This Moon needed to learn to mind its own business. Why did it need to know this?
And yet, there was a kind of alarm to the tone of it that prompted flight. In those short stretches of summer darkness, one was always on edge and ready to move. One’s back was up at the slightest threat, and the idea of slumber seemed an administrative detail to be attended to. In the stagnant air, feet grew restless and one was prompted to move out of some combination of appetite, curiosity and fear. Berries called from bushes, bananas from trees. Sometimes it was a ruse or a trap. It was worth knowing either way. There were rapacious shapes, passing phantoms, looming criminals and kidnappers and rapists. There were predacious beasts of the night, but also nothing terribly frightening, nothing quite interesting enough to be worth seeing. 
On particularly restless nights, when there was nary a prospect more frightful than passing another day in this stagnant nothingness, one was left to gaze meaningfully at the highway. There was always someone going somewhere and the fact of it being anywhere but here made it worthwhile. And there was something rather unique to those voices in carriages: voices that revealed aspects of their character in the darkened enclosures that scarcely get heard in the light of day.
“Lots of traffic for the provinces. What’s the name of this area again?”
“Oyo, oyo Philosopher! Philosopher! Ay! Ay! Oh, look boys, ee’s ignorin’ us again! Pity, pity…”
“Listen to reason. Will you not? This scheme is never going to fly. And you cannot trust that the Untouchable is going to stay on script.”
“Is that blasted chaise ever going to move?”
“Sanchez has it well in hand. And only a 3-month ticket, he says.  They’ve already hired out a shed for his hostage and a nearby tree house for audience members who want a view from above. I know Wilmina has got it in her head that she’s doing costumes, but we don’t really need her, so the only way to get her to shut her trap is to find her a seat in that tree house mezzanine. She’s not a patient sitter, but still, it doesn’t sound like it should take the full-”
“Well, my darling, we shan’t have as much time together going ahead as we did previously. I’ll come to see you and the other girls when I can, but it might be more difficult for me get away from the school post-curfew.”
“Precious, do keep your voice down. Other drivers will hear you. Why don’t you rest your eyes? I fear that Magenta was a little-“
“How many times must I remind you! Those eggs were laid by the servants! Always whimpering about Mantelopes laying better eggs than Lesser Bison. If you’d give these bloody refugees a chance-“
“Summoned before the Marshland Organizers. Well, certainly, they have scattered to the winds, so to speak. Disbanded, I mean, but-“
“Oy Philosopher! Got a line on that bit of tranquilizer you was saying did the trick on that foot?“
“Regardless of what you say, the Mantelope eggs are less likely to explode in extreme temperatures.”
“I think we’re somewhere in Lesser Kaiiba. There’s a train station nearby according to this map. But I don’t want to leave our horses in a strange town. Also, I’ve heard this is one of those cannibalistic provinces. Used to be a tribal rite that got enshrined into local custom even in spite of the establishment of firm codes for jurisprudence.”
“What of the parents? They won’t involve the authorities?”
“Shut up about the Magenta! What the hell do you know about what I can take and what I can’t! The fact remains! We’ve been sitting here for at least an hour!”
“Things will be a little quieter without Love Sensei around. Is there not any way we can come to see you at-”
“The night sky is, in truth, an artistic hoax. A narrative, you see. I had thought of it first, but was delayed in execution. I cannot help it if my benefactors are dullards denying me resources whilst my rivals remain a step ahead. You sit there silently, but still know precisely what I-“
“They have scouts hunkered down throughout the forests. The Organizers. Word is they have a few hunters from a disconnected tribe keeping watch and reporting on the activities of Control Bear and his-“
“Wait until we arrive, and then I’ll be sure to send his head to the Beastslayer. What do you want me to write as a greeting on the-“
“If you’re unhappy with your benefactors here, you should just run off to a proper city. They’re a Julep a plenty in Baba City.”
“Quite out of the question, I’m afraid. Love Sensei will be in to see you again in due time. Unfortunately, I’ll be in a rather difficult position should any perceived ‘dalliances’ come to light. I mean there’s a lot more to us than that, of course. Don’t look at me that way, Darling! I’m just talking about how it’s perceived. We must both be sensitive to that. Especially as I’m soon to be headmaster. Well, I’d rather not-“
“Mate, it was just a joke. That whole ‘why are we here’ bit—why get sore about it? It’s meant affectionately.”
“The wheels were caked with mud, I tell you. Had to chisel some of those hardened bits off so that we could run her over without leaving tracks. I mean, the last thing you want in that kind of situation is-“
“The authorities are the least of our worries. Anyway, we won’t be back in town before it opens. Preparations are moving forward rather quickly! We just need to make sure that that fool Sanchez doesn’t ruin everything by opening that big mouth of-“
“Wait till the early winter, Deary. The air’s far drier so the building ought to be a bit more flammable -“
“The sky is different there. You know that.”
“Sure. And what about that whole bit about Koh Xarbin and my arm on the rooftops? Was that affectionate too?”
“I’ve never ruffled the pubes of a headmaster before. Headmaster Love! Was your school not the one my brother attended?”
“Yes, I thought he was a bit crooked too, but then who questions the Captain publicly? Not sure quite what the point spread was when he took on them Crab Dingoes the other night-“
“I don’t quite get it. What do the tribesmen get out of all this spying? Surely, they cannot be that obtuse as to-“
“The rainy season’s no time to perform a stunt like that. I could have told you those wheels would get muddied. No point bothering if a downpour’s likely to happen once every couple of hours!”
“Yes, yes. Early winter—the timing could not be better for a roast!”
“My, oh my. Cannibals! No change under the Republic then? Did I not hear also that this area was awash with natives from the surrounding areas? Refugees? Some refuge!”
“The Beastslayer will not be satisfied with a simple head. Can we not dry out the carcass and paint it up nicely in time for the holidays? Send it to him then along with our yearly tip for services rendered?”
“The tribesmen do not know they are spying upon. They do not even have a commensurate language by which to report on the movements of Control Bear and his legions. The Organizers, however, have brought into their employ someone gifted at interpreting cave renderings. Plenty of bear shapes in those caves, as you can imagine. There’s a whole mythology they’ve built around his exploits!”
“Well, I never figured the Captain for a match fixer. My bet was on the Crab Dingoes actually. I suppose they’re just as opportunistic as the Captain. I probably shouldn't say that too loud though-“
“The worst part about this traffic not moving is all this racket! We’ve been sitting here now for two hours in this stagnant air, and we might as well be on the back of a haywagon. It’s the middle of the night! Where’s all this lot going? Ay you! Mind your own business!”
“Not sure. Was it Bahlia Gakkou? Yes? Well, anyway, as I said, nothing’s been announced yet, but it’s no secret that I’m next in line as headmaster. Still, let’s keep that between us, Sweetheart. Tell the other girls that as well. Again, we can’t have—well I’ve said that already. Apparently, the other teachers have got a lot of dirt on the current incumbent, and there’s no telling what-“
Bahlia Gakkou—among the things to be heard in the night, there was that faceless voice who spoke of this place called ‘school.’
For some reason, it was the mere mention of such a place that proved to be the most frightful specter of night. More than the phantoms and the criminals and the predatory beasts—it was the horrors of this institution that produced a pronounced shiver and no shortage of night terrors.

*  *  *

School—yes, there was a memory of such a place. It was a quaint structure, a hawza with thatched roofs. Had it caught fire at some point? It was difficult to say. Whatever the case, it had been put there to teach the common folk how to read and do sums and prepare for a trade, but it was not particularly effective at doing any of these things. Furthermore, it was not very safe with the roving gangs and clashes between rival Football clubs. In that respect, even the streets at night seemed safer by comparison with their disorganized pilfering and unfocused violence. To a certain degree, it was the presence of the institution that lent structure and strategy to any conflict by highlighting affiliation and exacerbating differences in a manner absent from the open air of the streets. Thus, the menace was more calculated and fierce. The air was rife with conspiracy, and so the political threats were more formidable, more palpable than could be seen in the wild.
All that said, the library was rather pleasant—the Practice Library, that is. Of course, the Grand Library was amazing in its own right, but was too grandiose to qualify as something that could be referred to as ‘pleasant.’ The Grand Library held greater rigor and was better resourced. In the air was a hint of academic ambition, perhaps even hubris. Great ideas lived and were conceived there—or at least so it was thought. The Practice Library, on the other hand, was something rather mediocre. It was a small and simple chamber tucked so far away in a forgotten corner of the main building that most seemed to walk by this place without ever noticing it. It probably did not help that the larger and statelier library, with its domed façade, festooned the nearby Eastern Quadrant, thereby getting not only all the attention of the town, but also the lion share of the funding. It did not help either that this Grand Library had three highly revered and slightly famous priests presiding over it, which lent the space over to no dearth of dignity, solemnity and intellectual gravity. This Practice Library, by comparison, was rather modest and sophomoric. It was without the sturdy columns and the aweing chambers where footsteps and coughs echoed, but where none dared to speak for fear of upsetting the dismal pond at its center. 
This space here appeared less grandiose; rather, it looked more like a reception area at a hospital, and its librarian was a thin man possessed with a gentle quality absent from the other instructors who otherwise comported themselves with a certain austere authority. He was quiet and aged, perhaps not so efficient in his work as the others as his movements were often slow and deliberate. The lines around his eyes made him look as though he were emerging happily from a long and blissful sleep. From his frail hands with grids of intersecting diagonals projected long digits that paged delicately through each book as though it were a treasured item that could never be replaced. It was difficult not to imagine that he would be good at storytelling if he had a predilection for it. There was that weight of intellect, but also that sensitivity to him that perhaps lent him to meekness amidst the rigors of the institution. In spite of his compassionate deportment, there was to him also something of a distance from all others. A detachment from all things around him and from the peer influences and muttering disapprovals of the other priests. There was a disengagement from the movements and appeals of the students—even the ones who sought to curry his favor through a display of erudition on this topic or another. He held to himself as though guarding something rather pure that was too precious to show to just anyone. There was a jewel inside that only he was allowed to admire. He had forgone romantic pursuits, had cloistered himself with stacks of ideas, yet away from intellectual competition and from the sanctimonious bureaucrats whose disapprobation of all things were evident. He had absolved himself of all of these distractions and confined himself to a singular and silent joy that one could not help but admire. 
To be sure, the bureaucracy of the religion could be just as oppressive as the political rivalries within this institution. The priests felt often threatened by the coaches of sports teams, the athletic directors of leagues, who proclaimed themselves the shapers of civic and social empowerment. It was all a little too busy—all these agents vying for influence. And so, this Practice Library was a kind of haven for those who were exhausted by these competing pleas for Ontological Favor. 
There was a sensitive boy—his name is now beyond recollection. He used to sit in the corner and do calligraphy by himself. The sun would peek in between the slats framing the paper windowpanes and in the golden rays of light, he looked rather serene—his efforts genuine. He struggled, however, with the replicating the stroke order of the classical letters of the ancient languages and had been scolded by his instructor who wanted him immediately gone from his classroom. Remedial level children like him were often sent to the Practice Library, where they were to bring themselves back up to the standards of the cohort. The librarian was to help them, which he did to the extent that he felt would be useful. In some cases, he put them on a different track altogether. In the case of the young and sensitive boy, the first question he found himself asking was why he thought he might be having trouble. When the boy told him that he was having difficulty focusing, he asked him quite simply, where it was he found his mind going. When the boy paused at this peculiar question, the kindly Librarian presented him with a brush and another sheet of blank parchment, saying simply, “Show me when you are ready.”
The boy stared deeply into the parchment for two full days. He did not move from his seat before finally his hand reached for the brush. His movements then became quick and impatient, but not so impatient as to be hasty. It was clear that his eyes were now projecting lines upon the parchment and he had only to trace these before he blinked too much, or got distracted, and the image was lost altogether. The boy finished something that pleased him and walked slowly to the Librarian, who was himself rather occupied with another thought. The Librarian looked at him, seeming momentarily to have forgotten who the boy was and what had been asked of him. But then, he saw his face and remembered. “Ah, I see that you have reached your solution!” The boy tried to present the paper to him, but he shook his head. “No, my boy. I asked you to show me, and now I can see it. We will not call this a mistake or even an intention. I am unsure what to call it. Regardless, I will tell your instructor that you have done well. You may return to your class.”
Of course, both the boy and the librarian were punished for this. Still, the boy was soon back in the Practice Library for he had come to enjoy being there especially on a warm and rainy afternoon when the drops could be heard spattering against the glassy exteriors of the windows. He relished sitting before the parchment, not quite knowing what would come to his mind until the last moment when he was ready to write. The Practice Librarian bore the chastisement of the other priests, who had little respect for him, but who had also found that he was too thick to respond well to any of their reprimands. They satisfied themselves in knowing that being in that musty and decrepit Practice Library was punishment enough for him. He did not see it that way. Neither did many of the students who found a haven in that space.
The Practice Library was rather pleasant, after all.

*  *  *

The birds are now rather plump, and even the squirrels’ bellies have swelled into paunches. This is all very fine for the squirrels, but how will these birds get off the ground? And where will they migrate? Not very far, that’s for certain. It’s possible they’ve given up and relegated themselves to bearing up with the coming cold. It is far from an ideal solution, and so they are probably not feeling too good about themselves right now.
The conditions have grown less hospitable to them. Their nests are no longer habitable—they have been falling apart for quite sometime now. The winds have picked up and scattered most of the structural components with their adhesive resins beyond the fields. And now, the seeds are drifting sideways! What was just in range of one’s beak a moment ago has now flown to this side or that and in range of some predator who is licking his teeth with anticipation. The birds have gotten a little too comfortable in these climes, perhaps somewhat complacent. Yet, they flap their wings helplessly in the vain hope that they can depart at some point. Comfort should not be confused with bliss.
There are a few of these birds now hopping forth between two bushes. The winds have subsided somewhat, having brought a fresh chill with them. Further afield, the Yargies have pulled in with the Hoplites, and the Centroid Harble now languishes in his Upscotch Impunity. A Marshland call is made and the forest writhes with shaking branches. Have they managed to summon the Organizers?
A quick glance from their High Priest and expectant gazes sour—they have failed to consider something rather crucial, lacked perspective on the bigger picture. Now, they know a sermon is forthcoming. 
The Coach strides amiably up to the squad and produces a small balloon animal from the pockets of his flowing striped robe before proceeding to sprinkle a bit of that old pepper about ‘self-esteem.’ Loosening the knot in the long section of the balloon, he unravels the majestic beast into its compositional cylinders before launching into his subroutine, whereby he methodically presents a series of case studies of perplexing life situations that force ‘the balloon snake’ to leave his Comfort Zone. Will he venture successfully through the caverns of pins and needles? Does the Harpie of Static Electricity discharge him of his snakely dharma? How will he endure the austerities of a low-pressure system passing through the region? It is always important to consider the unseen impacts of atmospheric pressure—one must never forget this! The Coach pauses now and again to ask a question or elicit a response. He challenges these sporty disciples to identify the problem at hand before reminding them of the virtues of loving this problem—after having identified the correct problem to love—and of seeking solutions organized around their beloved’s most prominent pain points. And whenever Balloono the Snake experiences a rather harsh setback, the Coach lets a little air out of the poor creature. When Balloono succeeds or feels good about some accomplishment, he blows a bit back in and holds it before the lads to show just how delicate the Balloono Balance can be. The moral of the story, as the disciples seem to take it, is that snakes like Balloono should identify the correct problem, love the hell out of it, seek untested solutions, maintain a flexibility of expectations around outcomes and never ever confine themselves to their Comfort Zones. One last thing: they must not allow their stinkin’ thinkin’ to lead them astray as this has a tendency to impact their self-esteem and, thusly, their rate of air flow over time. Moderating one’s rate of flow is essential after all. The squad nods in acknowledgement: the message has been received!
Satisfaction carved into his features, the Coach takes a sip of sports drink from his ceremonial chalice before entering into a rather circumlocutory monologue about life skills and the importance of trust and transparency between the members of this core unit. Finally, he dives into a rather vexing exploration of ‘purpose’ before he finds himself talking in circles for a few passes before sighing, shaking his head and motioning for the young disciples to return to their field positions. 
Each figurine on the turf is charged with a prescribed set of directives. In many respects, the failures in Baba City last year reflected the fact that these directives were thitherto misaligned with the larger exogenous outcomes desired. That is to say, sufficient parallels had not been drawn between what happened here and what occurred Elsewhere and beyond the field of play. It was an error relating to perspective actually, and this mentor only had himself to blame. Perhaps, he had not adequately inculcated the appropriate values into these players—much focus had instead been afforded the short-term aspects of the ritual without very much exploration of its meaning. 
To say the least, lessons have been learned from last year, and the Coach has since adopted a more holistic approach in his shaping of team roles. A player in any given position is no longer to move patternistically, but rather to pause before acting and exercise something referred to as ‘critical thinking.’ The Coach attended a workshop on this recently and is still just barely getting his head around the concept. According to his understanding, it amounts to the ability to employ what is called ‘executive function’ in identifying an error-minimizing course of action on the field of play. This does not always mean following the markers placed on the board in advance of any strategic offensive or any prescribed routines guaranteed for short-term victory. It requires the individual in a given role assignment to exercise Free Will in determining the best course of action for himself and his team, whilst giving due consideration to the larger dynamics at play off the field. Sometimes, an adopted course of action may amount to a loss of strategic advantage in the match, while, at the same time, giving way to a beneficial outcome beyond the field of play. Sometimes this outcome is immeasurable and unsuitable for comparison in a cost-benefit analysis, and so it may be difficult to know if the short-term risk is hedged by the longer-term outcome. Then, how does any individual at any given moment know if he is making the correct decision? Well, by League standards, the metric for determining this is largely based upon tangible impacts; however, the Coach has come to understand that they needed to transcend the standards that circumscribed their action if they were to seek an approach that was more deeply integrated into the larger system dynamics. They needed more deliberate inquiry into the prescription and necessity for action and reflection upon past moments for a better understanding of scenarios that might achieve a maximum overlap of benefit to all. So, the issue at hand has become one of perspective. Is the player thinking too small? Is he seeing the larger impacts of his actions and initiatives? Are there larger dynamics at play that he must consider? These remain rather difficult questions to solve—especially in a framework that is likely to pressure these youngsters to win at all costs and demonstrate minimal empathy over those they seek to best. Therefore, the team has needed to take a step back and redefine their sensibilities with respect to the nature of competition to include scenarios wherein the benefit of the other could have ripple effects that benefit the self and vice versa. Further, it has become necessary for this team to align on its constructions of what happens beyond the field and in their methodologies for defining objectives and phenomenological norms with these very constructions in mind.
However, the holistic approach is not just about viewing matters on the field in terms of their ripple effects upon the surrounding reality. It is further important to note that with each action, the actor, in turn, experiences a change, and so the impact upon the individual must also be recognized. There is something to be said about viewing the ritual as a part of the larger process of development of the whole child. The Coach has come to realize that he needs to think more expansively and consider the larger game being played as well as how this affects the future of the players and the conditions of the world that they will one day inhabit. He knows that there will come a time in which he will no longer be there to guide them, but he wants them to take steps now in preparation for that day while also considering what actions they can take now to plant the trees whose shade they may never come to enjoy themselves. 
Thus, there is no dearth of important questions for him to consider if he is going to look at things from all angles: (1) How are strategic initiatives on the field impacted by geopolitical factors, and how do these field initiatives, in turn, influence trade agreements, resource distribution rights, multilateral treaties and territorial conflicts? (2) What relationship does field play bear to atmospheric factors, such as air pressure, cloud formations and heat indexes? (3) What of the charge manifested of Air itself: do Forces of Intention pose a threat to the dharma enacted on the field of play? (4) To what degree do all of these factors mentioned serve to help or hamper the intelligence gathering efforts of other teams? (5) And how will reliable answers to all of these preceding queries influence the subsequent approach of this team both on and off the field? 
To be sure, a certain degree of investigative rigor has come to be essential, first, in answering these questions, and next, in defining priorities. There remains the ever-present tendency to ‘love the wrong problem’ when acting upon poor intelligence. Unfortunately, this propensity is a universal relating not only to this team, but to any who endeavor to brave the unexplored wilds of the Intellect. And once he is off-track, the explorer must take extra time to return to where he was and start from the beginning. Bearing this in mind, the Coach has come to realize that the only logical way to proceed is to develop more advanced intelligence-gathering capabilities, not only among the members of the team, but also for his own sake. The Coach has, thusly, taken to attending nightly meetings where scripture and other revered texts in the canon of political philosophy are discussed and analyzed for their applications to modern life. He has also moderated his tone on the field so as to be more encouraging and less proselytizing. He likes his sermons to be interactive, though it’s likely that the disciples are still seeking to please him with their responses instead of answering in the way that makes the most sense to them. In time, he hopes, they will inhibit their natural responses less so that a true dialogue can begin. Unfortunately, he has to make up for some or his earlier mistakes. Like other Coaches, he used to adopt a rather discipline-oriented approach. The thinking behind this was that it achieved results and built character. Now, however, he has decided to put a greater emphasis on being a guide to the side rather than a sage on stage. It’s still not quite working the way he wants it to—it’ll yet take some time to earn their trust—however, this new approach still seems to be making a bit of a difference. The lads have slowly become more responsive and less fearful of being lambasted for having the ‘wrong’ answer. The difficulty that he has found is that it is rather difficult to disabuse them of this assumption that there is a ‘right’ and a ‘wrong’ answer to all questions absolutely. He is partly to blame for their thinking so, but this change in approach has not made much headway in influencing their thinking. Clearly, he was on the wrong track before by yelling at them all the time. It seems they still get quite a bit of that with the O-bousans in school. There’s still a lot of fear of venturing into unexplored territory, of coming back with something that meets with his disapproval. 
A few of the parents have expressed perplexity with Coach’s new-fangled ‘touchy-feely’ approach—Takeo’s in particular. Recently, on the field, there’s been a lot of showy ritual, fan dancing, meditation and prancing about like these kids are a bunch of ‘goddamned showhorses,’ but not much in the way of results. Takeo’s father has been fairly critical of the approaches taken since their embarrassment at Baba City last autumn. Apparently, he had received no shortage of playful ribbing from his cousin, who has a son the same age playing for a rival team. The tone of the ribbing was innocuous and certainly no malice was meant of it. Still, the cousin made mention of the players gadding about the field like contestants in some beauty pageant. This along with the perceived and well-signaled successes of other distant relations and neighbors left this poor sod feeling rather inferior according to some yet undefined standard. 
Needless to say, the success of his relatives and friends in juxtaposition with this repulsive display of mollycoddling on the field has been a source of some embarrassment for Takeo’s father. And so he drinks from his own chalice and mutters with disapprobation from the sidelines. The mother, meanwhile, is concerned over her son’s status and safety—more importantly his status. A few years ago, she had her son indoctrinated as a novice in the temple in order that he might gain the favor of the high priests and secure a prosperous future for himself. A good deal of time has passed and she still has not seen the benefits of his affiliation with the temple in spite of all the volunteer hours she had him committed to and all the times she had dug into her own purse when donation time came around. She even enrolled him in private calligraphy classes, which, in spite of the fluidity of his unwavering strokes and the sensitivity of his delicate sweeps, apparently did very little to advance his position in the school or among his peers. Of course, she did not lack the scruples of some mothers who had taken to flirting with a certain O-bousan in order to boost their sons’ standing in the temple and in the school. Unlike some, she would not stoop to the sort of behavior that embodies such a general contempt for the fairness of the system. She had standards, after all. And now, this push toward sport—she’s had her reservations about this from the start. Again, the playing field is not level as one would hope: some sluggish children merely stand stupidly on the sidelines and reap the benefits of the team’s victories whilst others, like her son, despite being denied key positions on the field, are doing all the hard work—all of this because of certain parental interpositions on this league. She is not the only citizen of Bahlia who has questioned the integrity and relevance of this league. There has been some debate as to the political leanings of its administrators, referees and coaches. This combined with its lack of official standing in the Republic has given way to no shortage of concern in the community. The uniforms bearing the Royal Seal of Charismatic K and the colors of the Kaiiban flag alone are enough to prompt umbrage and consternation as to the threat this league posed to civic order. Takeo’s mother, however, was no fool. It was clear to her who was behind all of this. Certain mothers were a little too eager to make the uniforms for the team, and so they had the final say when it came to the team colors. These mothers also knew the leanings of the corrupt officials and, once again, played ball, so to speak, so that their sons could be given key field positions, while dear honest and earnest Takeo was passed over once again for something he so rightly deserved. One day, his hard work would pay off. One day, he will get all that he has coming. Her dear son, after all, deserves the very best. Better than those other duplicitous louts, that’s for sure!
Takeo’s parents are not the only ones who have expressed concerns about this league. Some of the other parents have had no shortage of anxiety over the amount of time being taken away from their children’s studies. Apparently, some of the children are lagging behind in their recitations of the scriptural passages required for passing into the next level. The academies in Malion City are difficult enough to get into without these additional barriers in place. Between the school and this league, there has been a stark laxity in standards as evidenced by the emergence of the Calligraphy Kid. Word has gotten around about this dull-witted child who has taken it upon himself to soil his parchments with unlikely characters never before seen. His parents and teachers have been insistent that he learn the basics and get the stroke order right on existing characters, but he seems quite satisfied that his own creations are more visually pleasing. This has resulted in no shortage of mockery from his classmates who think him a daft and a great deal of shock from his younger siblings who do not understand why he cannot follow simple rules and trace the lines set out for him. To everyone’s relief, he has been suitably punished and sent to the Practice Library numerous times for remedial action. Now, he is back on track and learning the appropriate letters and characters of the language. However, recently, a second deviant has emerged. And parents have started to put two and two together—they worry that their children are being given too much agency on the field by this Coach. They worry that they are no longer going to be able to discern ‘correct’ from ‘incorrect’ or ‘right’ from ‘wrong.’ Some have even expressed that this could serve to corrupt them morally. What if this flexibility and freedom they are being ‘given’ on the field is doing them and their society more harm than good?  
Certainly, these parents have a point worth considering. At the same time, the Coach suspects that their focus is misaligned. There seems to be a lot of talk among them about position and advancement. And each of them assumes wrongly that their child merits better treatment than the others. In their minds, all of these elements are equated with their general wellbeing as individuals and as clans. All the same, should one only look after the needs and desires of one’s own, even if it means that others in the community will be at a comparative disadvantage? To think so seems small-minded and shortsighted. Of course, when the stakes to one’s livelihood are perceived to be high, it is necessary to be pragmatic and attend to the needs of the self and the clan first. At the same time, to operate constantly under this self-serving fear only serves to negate the greater good of the community. 
One of the boys treads out of bounds, and this momentary tracing of the toe beyond the lines prompts a frustrated howl from the other boys. The ground begins to tremor, and the boy’s palms begin to bubble as the others are now upon him. The Coach squeals in caution till the rumble subsides. There’s a rising greenish vapor from the sidelines. Something has passed between two waiting fathers, and now the eyes of one are locked on his son. The young transgressor is looking at these feet which had passed beyond. He has felt the tremors and now fears the ground beneath him should collapse. He knows exactly what his father is going to say when this is all over. Even from this distance, he can see it in his eyes. The boy has the look of someone who has had the wind knocked out of him. To make matters worse, he is of foreign extraction through no fault of his own. He has been born here and must face the competing sensibilities of family and local culture, which only serves to intensify the shame when he falls short of satisfying the expectations of either. It is a suffocation the Coach knows only too well. He feels sad about this too and sighs deeply with the boy, telling him not to worry, not to look over and focus instead on his own action. There is no reason to be so easily affected by the reactions of others; one’s actions should not be so easily affected by whether or not someone else will approve. Then, he turns to the team and asks who among them has never stepped beyond the lines, and if not, why they have never tried. He reminds them that these incentives toward approval seeking will stick with them throughout their lives. It starts now with family and peers and authority figures, but unless one breaks himself of this silly habit now, he will find himself, regardless of the heights he reaches, seeking the approval and the esteem of others whilst ignoring his own drives and wishes. There’s a silence from the boys and a steady grumble from the sidelines. A lot of these parents are now thinking about how the individual and team stats will eventually reflect on them and their clans. There’s a lot of work to be done in improving in many of these areas. And each father on the sidelines is certain that none of these shortfalls would be occurring if his respective child had been given a better field position.
Out of this ‘every clan for itself’ thinking also seems to emerge a certain degree of consternation over straying too far from boundaries of the known and the understood. These sorts of fears are natural and are generally why so many people fail to recognize creativity in themselves and others. But if one is only to react to one’s fears all the time—if all of life consists of responding to these prompts in exactly the same form and according to the same stroke order as everyone else since Time Immemorial, why should anyone’s existence matter at all? What value does each additional face and voice have if all of the work has already been done and living consists of following expected patterns?
Of course, this is a question the Coach struggles with himself—this is why he finds himself talking in circles when it comes to that question of purpose. Yet, many of these parents do not even seem to consider it. And if they fail to spend even a modicum of time considering the purpose of their own existences, how could they possibly endeavor to bring another life into this world in the first place? 
The question may sound rather judgmental, but perhaps it is still worthwhile to ponder. The issue at hand, at any rate, is beyond anyone’s judgment. At one time, these parents had also once been treated as ornaments to the larger family standing and to its position within the community. Their existences had been tuned to the frequency of vicarious expectation. Even when they made the decision to have children, was it truly their own decision? Their root desire to do so may have been somewhat unclear. Perhaps, all their lives, they had heard that they would someday have children from grandparents and aunts and cousins and neighbors and friends. Even if they did not believe it themselves, an initial expectation was set. And then, at some point in their lives, when they sensed that something was missing, the echoes of others started to make sense. Was it not their biological imperative after all? There was a void to be sure: something was indeed lacking, but it was impossible to verbalize what it was until it was seen. But it seems reasonable to argue that a mirror would easily have satisfied that unspecified craving, if not a reflective ball, because what they wanted truly was a secondary version of Self. 
Again, was that secondary Self something that was wanted genuinely by the parents, or did they yield to the prodding of expectation? Naturally, different parents will have different reasons. What matters, in any event, is that they have had a choice in the matter and made, for better or worse, the determination to bring another life into this world. Many of them also opted to embrace parenting styles similar to those of their forebears: they would look around and see what others are doing, but, in many respects, will end up doing the same as their parents for this is what they understand best. Eventually, when their children reach the marrying age, they will auction these children off to a respectable family that has put up the highest dowry bid. And the children will not question matters too deeply. They will understand the transactional importance of marriage, despite what some proponents of ‘love marriage’ will say. These kids will see that there exists an obligation to do what is best for the group and that to be too selfish in one’s thinking is tantamount to a poor upbringing which only serves to reflect badly on the parents. And thus, they will be shamed into doing anything they can to spare their parents from any hypothetical shame. 
The Coach sighs as his eyes fall upon the parents standing at the sidelines. They are eagerly waiting for him. Today’s practice is over, and they have urgent questions that require answering.

*  *  *

A gust howls from the depth of the woods over the field. The birds are still hopping forth, but the seeds are well beyond sight now. They look to skies: their wings will carry them, but the core issue now lies in their withered lungs. 
They lack adequate capacity to respire.
Tangled Branches


The cousins take their seats around the table. Akshay Bhai is conspicuously absent, but Aunty has prepared a perfectly reasonable cover-boast: he is studying to make sure that he stays top in the class in maths. That’s a good one. She must have taken time to think that one up. Of course he is at the top of his class, and no one is going to bother to suggest anything to the contrary. He’s otherwise such a smug little tit, so it’s nice for once not to have to deal with that twinkle that comes to his eye when he is right about to make a running gag out of something slightly off that one of the other cousins has said. Even if it’s a perfectly reasonable thing, even if it’s a slip of the tongue or it is a unique detail of something that someone has uttered (if one says it enough, it start to sound absurd, and of course the humiliation is worth a good laugh so long as it is not had at one’s own expense). So, he’s not here today, and that means he will lose the opportunity to make someone his target. That’s fine, though as there are plenty of other wankers seated at this table who have been waiting in the wings for their chance to shine. One of them will step up for fear of becoming himself or herself the target of derision. Better to be on the offensive or to say nothing at all—this has been the lesson among the boys and girls at this table. In any event, whoever it is that steps up will only see minimal triumphs, for the table is already packed with a multitude of bloviating, chest-thumping and fire-breathing elders. 
It is every man for himself. A little approval seeking goes a long way.
By the end of this, someone will have become an obvious target for ridicule among the cousins and uncles, and it will likely have been due to some uncharacteristic display of divergent thinking. After all, there are norms to this clan—let us remember that!—and once there is an unholy divergence from what has been known and understood and revered since Time Immemorial, the stalwart mind-guards will subject the perpetrator to a discomfiting mixture of rebuke and mockery. Therefore, it is in everyone’s best interests to say and do absolutely nothing original. One is better served dispensing a truism than a fact. Facts can sometimes be inconvenient and result in a certain degree of blowback. To say the least, festivities at the dinner table can prove to be a tense negotiation. 
The group has settled in and the females feel obligated to hover between the table and the kitchen—nobody wants this, including them, but they do it anyway. Pleasantries are exchanged between the elders, but there’s an undercurrent of competition as to who knows better. There’s an off-color remark about Heisenpig farming which seems to slip by unchallenged, but when the moment comes to slingshot back with a statement undercutting the industry of the aggressor, it is not missed. There’s a lot of self-indulgent gloating about this holiday taken or the renovations made on that second home. Value needs to be signaled by the sheer weight of unique experiences and unnecessary possessions. Then, a debate starts as to who is the finest tailor or which company manufactures the best water clocks. There’s a little excessive pride taken here and there over the display of erudition with respect to certain curiosities, like the process by which the pipe tobacco in this region is harvested and prepared or why the Caterpillar Ham of the Lesser Kaiiba provinces is cured in a different way to the locally produced meats. There’s a brief debate about wood grain that is sure to effect liquefaction to one’s nose cartilage. Then, once each has had his turn in demonstrating how worldly he is and how refined his sensibilities are, this comity among otherwise territorial agamids invokes the spirit of chattering kookaburras who were already in cachinnations in the corridors between the kitchen and the table over the doings and goings of their offspring.
There had been a reasonable amount of diplomatically worded gossip about certain cousins who are not able to join today’s festivities. Madhuri Bua sputters out goos of concern over her dearest Kengo-kun. He has fallen in with a bad crowd and has since adopted nocturnal tendencies. He sleeps all day, and his grades have been suffering, which is fine if he wants to take over the family business, but even in this he shows no interest. Soon, he will pass into adulthood, but he still has no direction. A few of the uncles have tried to declaw him, but they could not account in advance for the pointed quills upon his back or the toxic fog emitted in his breath. Madhuri Bua has even had to go to his school. Apparently, even when he was attending, he had been drawing bizarre-looking symbols in class for some time—the shameless creature!—and now these symbols have come to adorn the sides of the school buildings. He’s also been about town with the night-ruffians and Football Hooligans doing the same—or so she has been told. Preeti Aunty asks what kind of symbols these could be and wonders aloud if this code pertains to some deviance ritual. She attempts to adjust her goggles only to realize that they have become fused with her eye sockets.
An uncle, amidst a series of throat clears, mentions these unwieldy football clubs and their anti-Republic sentiment. This statement silences the table briefly as everyone knows that this is likely to lead to a political discussion. The offspring look at each other uncomfortably as well. It’s silence for now, but after a few drinks, they all know that the conversation will circle back to this and arguments will grow somewhat impassioned. Some of them, naturally, being members of these teams will be pulled into the middle of this and interrogated by the table about what these coaches have them doing and who these referees think they are exactly. Have there been any sightings of foreign elements poking their noses around? There is a lot of foreign funding going into these little insurrections, or so they say. 
Anyway, all of that will come later. For now, the conversation has moved back to Kengo-kun and his troubles. Right now, there are a few complaints thrown around about the way in which he has been raised. In a few minutes, some elder female cousin at the doorway will cross her arms and mention some incident from several years back when she spotted him taking money from his father’s wallet. Then, the table will erupt into a variety of similar side episodes, not just about him, but all the other scandalous things known associates have been engaged in. 
The attention wavers in the overlap of these dull episodes. The rice is growing a bright orange and one could mistake each grain for tiny elongated mikans if one were predisposed to do so. Is there a child inside each of those, hiding its face, but listening intently and fearful of emerging? Does it wish to hide itself away from the sounds of elders in competition, each according with arbitrary representations to unwieldy spectacles and each seeking a kind of Ontological Favor that should grant them greater influence over this clan, as though all of this should mean something? One is safer behind these leathery, elongated skins. Is there not someone here who stayed in the womb for several years before emerging as a child? Perhaps that is just idle talk, but if the children within mikans are endeavoring to achieve the same, one should not blame them for doing so. 
Now, there is talk of certain momentous political events in Space-Time. The Luminous Squids are in open conflict with the Nefarious Mittens—nobody really knows their policy stances, but there’s a lot of common knowledge about the scandals and the intrigue behind the scenes involving certain unscrupulous party members. Certainly, these movements will carry grave implications with respect to the migration patterns of organosilicon-based lifeforms on Bethargle Largesse-5. Is that what they said? The Magenta is certainly flowing now and the voices of elders, who still don’t completely grasp the Republic’s governance system, are growing in intensity and slurring and overlapping. No one is listening, but each is making his own point. No reason to surface now; it is better to stay submerged. The head swims to questions otherwise not considered even in moments of deeper focus. Does the Coach sit around a table like this with kinsmen who weaponize shame and carry on incessantly about their own significance? Does he even have kin? Questions like these are slightly dangerous because there exists no real confirmation that the Coach is not imagined or a figment of dreams. He seemed to face a bit of turmoil on the field last autumn as though he were some stranger to the ways of this collectivist society. No, it’d be a little too convenient unless he were foreign, which is not to say that he isn’t. What is he anyway? Those robes of his are a bit odd and that soupy face of his: a lot of people don’t like the texture of his broth. Perhaps he doesn’t exist, but simply wants to exist. Coronado has spoken of such entities before, but then even he sounds a little too certain. It’s rare to hear him speak of anything other than tits and pussy.
Why should Coronado care otherwise, unless he himself is the Coach?
A nameless uncle with coriaceous skin and heptahedral cheeks now smacks his palm upon the table whilst sneezing with authority. Attention promptly returns. If this uncle’s hairy snout were turned up any higher, he might resemble a wild boar. No one really understands what point he is seeking to make absent any gesundheit procurement, so there is an awkward silence for a moment. But it is not long before Aunty Loop-de-Loop chimes in with some meandering loquence that has absolutely nothing to do with anything of interest or relevance to the group. Her husband scores some cheap points for the sake of his own Ontological Favor by making a fool of her, thereby earning the group’s appreciation and saving face for himself and his family. Though embarrassed now, even Aunty Loop-de-Loop feels a sense of gratitude for what he has done. This is, after all, what family is about: helping each other out. On that note, the topic turns to other problems within the family.
There’s some weepy blather between ol’ Mausi Squirrel and Tomoko. “Now, now…” says a soothing potato. And then Hirofumi Chacha assumes the role of narrator. There’s apparently been a strain of gossip about town regarding the Contemptress Tomoko—especially after that incident with the smelting instructor at Miss Momoko’s, which, as everyone knows, is not at all her fault. She’s the victim in all this. Anyway, the groom’s family has sent documents asking to renegotiate the terms of the dowry in light of this new information. They have also pointed to the fact that one of her relations, who is studying arc welding in this school, used to be night hostess in Vasalla. Everyone in the room knows what is being talked about. Some shake their head. These perceptions do not just affect young Tomoko. They affect everyone. One of the eldest of the great-uncles, who has until now been sitting quietly at the other end of the table, asks Tomoko rather pointedly if she was dressed as revealingly at her school as she is now. This prompts a little more speculation and tedious commentary about dowries. One distant cousin who is seeking to prove his worth to the table points out a recent situation in which money earmarked as a young girl’s dowry was submitted as ransom to her captor, but then became, in any event, a kind of retroactive dowry as this abductor thereafter requested her hand in matrimony. He mentions that this had been something of a performance meant to cast these conceptions of ‘ransom’ and ‘dowry’ into juxtaposition and that this has prompted some discussion in certain circles as to the legislation around dowry payouts and entitlements. Unfortunately for the approval seeker, this comment only prompts discomfort in this ecosystem, particularly among the aged toads in the corner. A rival cousin speaks up and says something clever about a nearby village that had tried to do away with the dowry system only to find that families were creating side businesses so as to sidestep the legal restrictions and conduct these transactions unabated. This observation meets with firm approval. There’s a framed portrait on the wall of the pet of some long-dead ancestor. She is a mixed breed—half Glowering Tapeworm, half Bald-Headed Nega-Tor with an absurd blue cranium and a hairy pet sweater upon which is written the words ‘Invect Injective.’ Her menacing gaze breaks momentarily, her eyes rolling upward and her pointed chin softening somewhat as she mumbles through petrified lips about how the Republic had tried to do something similar with the caste system, but that this resulted in blowback. Lower caste citizens could not thrive in a meritocracy in which they had until then been denied some of the social services available to the middle and upper classes. The higher castes could not afford to employ them anymore because of all the quotas and restrictions committed to paper about wage minimums for those with prior caste affiliations. And so, a skills gap emerged, the only solution to which lay in the establishment of an informal economy that maintained into perpetuity the status quo that had existed prior to the enactment of this irksome policy. This goes to show, the petrified pet proclaimed, that even if a critical element of the social structure is eradicated on the surface, the ends will still work against to means to ensure that nothing fundamentally changes. “Have faith, children. And be patient. It all works out,” a toad croaked with satisfaction between sips of the stew.   
“He’s quite right,” sings a Blurbelty Blurble, and briefly the interchange takes on a more optimistic tone. There are plenty of examples of matters that worked out for the best, the most prominent of which can be seen among the hosts of these festivities. Yon Hornet had been a comfort wasp during a war now forgotten, and Shuggie Bear’s family had been very much against their marriage for fear of getting stung. Still, Grandfather Shuggie and her Vespine Uncle had been comrades-in-arms under a common Master. Unfortunately, for both, things did not turn out very well and their territory was ultimately taken by their foes. She worked as a comfort slave in the enemy hive for only a brief period and was released only after the ascension of a new Queen. However, the stain of her captivity stayed with her. Nevertheless, there were chance meetings under this petal or over that pond. Years later, the shame does not matter anymore: it is barely worth a mention now, and that alone is worth mentioning! More bright points are now being shared and the family cannot help but feel gratitude and pride at how far they have come. It is a legitimate feeling that none should deny in spite of the petty rivalries and the crude barbs. This all has meaning, and even if one sought separation from this arbitrary union, one should still be thankful for all the opportunities that have come one’s way as a result of the loving bond of this clan. Tangled branches are more resilient against the Karakaze than a twig that sways in solitude. Still, there is something odd about all this, and perhaps it is selfish to note this. Voices in the room fade, and peeking out from the crotch cannon is a droplet with the voice of Lammy Bee insisting that humankind is far too boring to have been manufactured for the purposes of entertainment. There are voices under the table saying something right now, and the droplets become a proper flow. There’s a pull upon the wrist and a sudden urgency around drying soiled trousers. Leave the room…leave the room. Why has this suddenly become a priority? Wasn’t something else just now being discussed? Anyway, these ritualistic numpties are too easily ensnared in rather arbitrary systems of their own creation, and their tribal brains are hardwired to accept a little too easily the boundaries of the social structure as if perhaps there is no other way to envisage their lifestyles. It is like watching a group of youngsters chastise one another for not abiding by the rules of some silly game that they have only recently endeavored to create. Naturally, there are occasional reformations and revolutions and great migrations from somewhere to somethere in search of liberation from the oppression of certain modes of living and certain values, but all of these paths have only led into the Accursed Lands, wherein a person’s individual merit still needs to be proven to the larger society. In this alternate framework, the protections of collectivist tribal living are no longer available, and yet one is still seeking to win the favor of the community. In fact, even those who seek individual glory or some degree of mastery over the community are only paradoxically doing so for the sake of proving their worth to others and thereby winning unanimous approval. And so, it is a continuation of this play for Ontological Favor: whether it happens among kin around a table or among industrialists within an individualistic society upholding meritocratic norms, there remains that same baseline desire to be valued as ‘significant.’ 
Bare feet now stand upon the floorboards. When were those put in? The feet, not the floorboards. Wheels are far more convenient. Maybe this is a dream—just like with the Coach. Better not to respond too much to what is happening around. What if one’s behaviors and bodily functions in this reality are crossing over into something else in parallel? There is no telling what is being observed, and what is being judged. There are patterns to judgment though—yes? And these are variables arising from social organization. There lives a tickle beneath one’s toes. It is the Lithomorphic Snuggledogs in their microscopic form. These unseen pebbles concur and have something else to add: humanity’s capability toward self-organization has been the boon of civilization, but also a limiting factor to the potential of individual consciousness. A thriving society requires first a creative spark and then a high level of organization in order to overcome certain thresholds marked by famines, plagues, natural disasters and military domination; however, the more sophisticated and ordered a society becomes in order to persist above these thresholds, the more patternistic it will necessarily become in its social engineering. Out of this high level of organization are molded strong incentives toward convergence and harsh consequences for those who depart too drastically from the known patterns of understanding and thinking. People who manage to imagine and implement unique ideas while not straying too far from these patterns are hailed as geniuses and inventors and artists and entrepreneurs. Those who stray too far are either yanked back in or shoved further out, depending on the severity of the norm-breaking in which he finds himself engaged. Civil and social codes create unaffectionate labels for such individuals for the sake of deterring others from having the audacity to deviate from these prescribed norms. The fact is that, for the majority of the population, sticking to the ‘tried’ and ‘true’ is generally the best bet to keep the system in order. And so, the game of living really comes down to abidance with the occasional acceptable departures by certain positive deviants.
A colorful little number drifts into the room to a silent chorus of va-va-va-vooms and rawrs-de-rawrs. The hairs of Uncle Suneil’s nose have grown into tendrils that are capable of wrapping around the features of this Lepidoptera from afar. There is a moment as the relatives watch these tendrils extend in the direction of this object of unspeakable beauty. “Behave, Suneil! Ah…hello Darling! Where indeed have you been fluttering about? We were just speaking about you a moment ago.“ In response, she bows and proffers the requisite greetings expected of her to the seniors in the room. Some swooning grandaunty remarks on the shape and color of the lepidopter’s features only to have her younger lady-in-waiting unctuously compare this resemblance to that of Flippy Schuster, thusly drawing some knowing giggles from the other lady-cousins. The mood has changed somewhat since this flamboyant little so-and-so fluttered in, and the rooster standing at the windowsill seems to issue a rather stern call to hush this imbecilic frivolity. But in this call, there’s also a confirmation of the mood in the room: it is wholly inappropriate to transmogrify oneself to a Lepidoptera before fluttering into a room of one’s elders. Regardless of whether or not one is married, there are certain protocols to observe. And speaking of marriage, where is that layabout turnip? The foolish Lepidoptera seems to retaliate against this innocent query by defending the layabout-in-question. Why would she lash out like this? Who cares if her layabout is ‘hardworking?’ Is she daft? She will only have herself to blame for having emerged as the target. The cousins are in tacit agreement on this.
There is now an air of hostility in the room; the compound eyes of the hostess have merged to produce an ion cannon fixed on its target. The lepidopter’s eyes move around the table and she produces a gray shawl from seemingly nowhere, draping this over herself so as to avoid being an eyesore any longer. There are words of apology produced from her mouth, which sound somewhat labored and insincere. Fortunately for her, this was still in keeping with decorum, and it seems that she is immediately forgiven. She goes on to explain that her layabout is indeed a good turnip and that, as these words are being spoken, he is slouching with purpose in the waiting room of the bureau of public works in eager anticipation of a work assignment. There’s an uncomfortable silence and the dried yams seem to take full advantage of this opportunity to lob insults at those on the dole. These baleful tubers do not need to point this out for it to be known in the room. Many of the social programs created by the public works bureau have been put in place as a policy substitute for handouts. While many projects are paid for from community funds, most of them have a delayed start. And so, candidates for this program are required to sit in crowded waiting rooms all day in order to get the minimum of pay promised to them in lieu of the wages they would otherwise earn from actual work.
Somebody says something about the importance of being there for family events to which the shawled lepidopter now seems inclined to respond. She now looks less colorful and what had resembled wings seems weighed down by the grayness of the indoor shawl. 
“Now, don’t get your back up, Beti,” a grandaunty says, “Suneil Uncle is only saying this out of concern for you. Can’t you see that he just wants what’s best for you?” There’s a hint of overdone conviction infusing the tone of this reassurance as though it is also being voiced for the benefit of its speaker. “Hmmm…yes. And what about you, young man! What do you think of that get up? Yes, your parents are rather worried about you too, no? Yes? Neglecting your studies for those silly pen scribblings, no? Yes?” “Don’t forget about the disappearing acts, Uncle.” “Yes, very good, my boy! He’s either piddling himself in disassociation or absent altogether. Maybe it’s all a bit performative. An art so fine that us philistines simply can’t appreciate it! All this art is a bit over our heads. These Bahlian Pigfuckers, sensualists that they are, display progressive sensibilities. Yes?”
Tethers extend back to Vasalla: the origin where all still makes sense. Nevertheless, there were those trips outward to places like Baba City where it was a little too easy to unlatch oneself from the team and wander onto the uptown tram. Capture a sketch of the movings and goings—what are these shapes and how does the light capture them in such a way? There’s just enough time to ponder this before the crosstown trolley appears. And then, apparently there’s this ferry that goes to a reservation for indigenous peoples. A person could get lost on those trails and hike for hours without encountering anyone at all. Doors open in the mind and something that had been in incubation is released slowly and it requires immediate inscription whether or not it means anything at all. To say that they are scribblings is an observation, in many respects, both accurate and astute. But the scribblings wish to exist just as much as Coronado and, possibly, the Coach. And so it is one’s wont to grant them this wish for manifestation. One sits on a rock by the dusklight watching the smoke rising at a distance—these are the primal fires shared by ancestors which some seek to preserve while others forget—and there is some feeling arising out of this that one recognizes even it if has never before been witnessed. At night, one can find a few scattered rocks and create a simple fire by which to warm the bones. One might even fall asleep under the sky the likes of which has never been seen. And then one wakes up without schedules, without pressures, abiding only by natural cycles and intuitions, and something about this feels as it should. It is difficult not to crave more, difficult not to wish to live as no one else ever could. Unfortunately, there is a lot of worrying happening on one’s behalf. 
One of the younger uncles interposes in an attempt to defuse the tension. He’s a likable chap, and because of this, his words carry absolutely no weight at all. He has never married, never become a man of means—which would have otherwise justified his not having gotten married. What’s more, he seems to have some sort of religious affiliation that one never quite remembers though he takes it rather seriously. It is easy to declare this religious faith his reason for not making money and not getting married—this excuse does not quell the concerns of the elders. At any rate, what matters is that he is a kind and gentle individual who seems somewhat divorced from this whole dynamic of positioning and favor seeking within the clan. Thus, his intervention produces a few nods and polite smiles—it is so pleasant when he speaks. But after a pause, a second elder revisits the topic recently abandoned by expressing his distaste for a certain Outlander who has disgraced this family with his status as a fortuneteller to the servants and vagrants of this town and whose asinine ghost stories and travel tales have created much confusion. One cannot separate anymore his folk tales from his prophecies. Possibly he gets confused as well. And so, these children have a false sense of the ‘now’ and mix this up frequently with the Elsewhere as though they are in two places at once. These scribblings of line and dribblings of piddle are mere symptoms of the synaptic misfires that have occurred as a result of this addling of minds.
It is easy to think in the moment that there exists a magazine chronicling life on the pulsing moon. It highlights the lives of the prominent fungi lining the unseen caverns, annotates the free verse of cochlear urchin and lends mysticism to the migrations of sentient moon dust. Is there such a magazine? If there is, it should be called The Moonicle. But that name sounds familiar. It would not be surprising if it did exist and if it were a weekly periodical. After all, one cannot be expected to go any longer without reading the next chapter in the continuing saga of the Flatulent Pebbles.
“Is there anything so repugnant about self-expression, Uncle?” the Lepidoptera queries with a sour expression. Who let this insect into the house? This gives way to a blustery retort about piddle-dousery being a discipline long hallowed among those tortured souls haunting the Sanchez School of Modern Art. This insult, which is really aimed at the Lepidoptera, but which also inadvertently manages to pull in line any others in the room with even a scintilla of aesthetic proclivity, dangerously borders on originality; in spite of this, it seems a worthwhile risk as it has succeeded in producing a cascade of careful snickers among the younger cousins. 
The servants are standing around biting their lips. Admittedly, they do not understand what is happening, but they are enjoying the vibrant back and forth. This is more entertaining than most family gatherings. One of the grandelders begins holding forth. Because the muscle tissue around his or her mouth has grown rather inflexible, it has become difficult to enunciate simple words, and so no one has the slightest clue as to what is being said. Nevertheless, there lies the presumption that he or she is advocating for the notion that the metaphysical station of this family is such that its members are meant to respond to certain prompts from which they cannot deviate. None have the luxury of getting distracted from the duties to self, family and dogcatchers. Slugs can only help the porcupines who have attempted to reason with their woolly and lip-smacking lepidopters. Of course, there is nothing to be done if certain turnips were raised among pulsars only to later be given honorary diplomas. Nevertheless, there is no excuse for consorting with legumes who sit around social service offices waiting for handouts and unsanctioned photons.
That might be what he or she is saying. It is difficult to know, really.
It is easy to get dizzy in a room like this. The cousins seemed satisfied at having dodged any serious inquiry into their own contributions to the family. But now the air is heavy and there is a persistent buzzing; if one aspired to breathe in here, it would be rather difficult. No one in this room even wants to be here. Why are they here?
A way out—is there a way out?
Ways out


The air has grown humid—is that the problem? In from the window wafts the scent of damp Heisenpig. Even though their value as a market commodity has dropped with the advent of more advanced techniques in organ cloning and feature replication, they still maintain a formidable stature among the other animals of any farm. This is largely due to their facility in manipulation through their strategic usage of pheromones. It is a survival trait that has served them well and, in many cases, earned them the favor of many a farmer who might otherwise seek to unload his stock. 
The damp smell is indeed a honey trap of sorts. There’s a warm wet orifice out there waiting for something to fill it. The substance of these pheromones seem to have to them a rather special quality, whereby they are able to employ chemical signaling to message data back to the Initial Secreter regarding the conditions of the area in which they are fishing as well as the types of bait that would work to their best advantage. Thus, the pheromones are able to register and generate eigenvalues that reflect the factors and conditions, which would aid in maximizing the probability of a successful seduction event. It is a bit like the hook and line of a rod relaying signals back to the fisherman in question. Where does one dangle the bait, and what archetype of rhythmic jiggle-struts will generate and convert the lead in question? Even when one knows the mechanics behind this, it is still difficult not to listen to the Heisenpigs’ appeals and the flattery. It is simply awful to bask in their absurd attention, and yet one is powerless but to do it.
Coronado is now whispering from the drain of the sink—ooh yeah baby, yeah baby, ooh ooh yeah. He is a fan of both the Romantic Mosquitoes and the Heisenpigs and even proclaims to have been a member of each species in his previous lives—he has undergone a certified regression therapy to prove this and believes his membership to these clans to account also for his advanced sexual prowess. There’s something indeed worth paying attention to here, and it makes one’s trousers feel tight rather suddenly. It’s gotten warmer in here, hasn’t it? And now there’s a voice from the window persisting in gentle whispers about how everything is going to be fine. There is no need to worry about all of this. The path to the EverToward starts from the windowsill and proceeds from there. It is truly that simple.
“…but, first, give me a chance to understand you,” the voice urges. “You have suffered much and there is no one else who has even tried to empathize with you. Well, not recently at least. And certainly, not in this room. I am sensitive to the expectations that have been projected upon you. What is left for the individual to do but flounder when there is little chance to spread out and be his natural self? Yes, there is a yearning to be heard, but perhaps also a skepticism as to whether hearing is truly listening. I am willing to give it a go—a go at trying to empathize, that is—though perhaps you will think me incapable. And naturally it is not unjust for you to think so, for anyone who has listened carefully to his doubts and lent to them some degree of legitimacy is indeed a complex character and therefore rather immune to the incursions of empathy, even when he seeks it. So, I can accept your doubts for they are an essential part of who you are. I would be more concerned if you did not doubt for how could I know then that you are even giving this matter the serious thought that it requires? You think about many things, it seems, that others find irrelevant, no? Perhaps, there is a storyteller, a soothsayer who once understood you, but you have both grown distant. You are changing with everything you observe out in the world—in the streets, along the highway—and all of this is feeding into your growth as an individual. The fortuneteller, meanwhile, has likely made his pronouncements and said his piece. He would contend that you are merely a moving piece in a larger puzzle. Though he may not be wrong, he is still missing some rather critical aspect to the mechanisms behind it. I can envision him now, sitting always in the same room, unwavering in his assumption that all the work has been done and that the series of chemical reactions that started with the beginning of Time have only to run their course. To him, there is nothing more to consider than this. This logic does not satisfy the questioning mind so much as it might his audience of new disciples. Perhaps, one has already taken whatever one could glean from him, but now something is changing in how one is to see things. There are cracks in the veneer of that once trusted wisdom, contradictions previously unquestioned in his logic. There is a point at which trusting too much in what others shape for you becomes counterproductive. And so, the time has come to dive inward, whilst also expanding outward into the world. You hold close to you this idea of who you are and what separates you from others, even when there is a nagging suspicion of your connectedness to all things. But how does one reconcile the sacred within with the universal without? Even when you look internally for meaning, there remain contradictions all around. Like right now. One might be reticent to speak up within this room of elders, because they hold certain hardened expectations of the younger generation. They have experience in this world—who can refute this? All the same, there is a certitude that they carry about them that almost strikes one as unbecoming. They criticize any who have the audacity to challenge their values. They mock the ways, the cuisine and the style of dress of the local population, proclaiming their own superior. Alongside this, they maintain certain timeworn sensibilities and standards from which it is all too easy for this younger generation to deviate. Meanwhile, these youngsters are confronted also by the pressures of a local society, of schoolchildren and work associates who will exclude them if they do not conform to their styles of dress, adopt their slang and relish their cuisine. These competing pressures wrack the nerves of any who seek belonging and all who seek self-determination. And so, whether in the face of family or of society, these confused youngsters are often faced with a choice between defiance and deceit—the latter being the more convenient. There are many in this room who will reserve one lie for family and another entirely for friends for the sake of achieving broad acceptance and in order to make life a little bit easier. There are entities all around who do this—cousins and uncles and parents and teachers and classmates and household pets and entrusted articles. They have made their choice and become mere reflective surfaces to every expectation cast upon them. Yes, deceit is the simpler and more expedient choice, and those who are better at deception will succeed much more in life situations. They will be loved by family, maintain good friendships, impress employers and hold quite easily to what everyone expects of them. It is a difficult ruse to keep up, however, and naturally it will begin to wear on them over time. Still, it is not a skill that none have practiced. Surely, you know this as well. The first people that most have ever needed to lie to were their parents. Do you remember the first time you ever had to lie? Do you know that moment? One can only assume it was to your parents. You do not remember, do you? Perhaps, it was not an intentional decision, but an intuitive reflex. You could have been masking some shame or diverting attention from something which might invite consequences. But how did the idea to do so come to you? How did you come to deem it a feasible action? One can only assume it takes a certain degree of courage to go through with it—even when it is done out of fear—and yet, most do not remember this courage; most will not remember the moment at which they crossed that line. Maybe then we can call it a reflex or even an instinct. But still, there must be some degree of skill attached to it. We could even assume that there is some degree of mimicry involved. Either you watched someone else do it, or you stumbled upon it yourself. If mimicry was necessary—is necessary for all—we must also suppose that there has been one initial moment of deception in prehistory from which all others have been shaped and cast. Thus, this moment of deception is a critical rite that is passed down. None can be immune from it—so do not bother to tell me that it did not happen for you because I know very well that it happened. There were key moments in the development of your brain in which you came to understand what deception was and the value it had. And then you found yourself, over time, faced with a confounding choice: be true to yourself or lie for the sake of others and yourself. You know that it is a critical component of polite society—of appeasing the sensibilities of kin and of local community irrespective of their degree of overlap. It is a necessary survival skill; and yet, you also know that there is something concerning about this: a part of you dies each time you endeavor to survive by doing it. Imagine a tall and beautiful and immaculate statue the like of which has never been crafted and may never be crafted again. A small crack appears in its surface. One can seal it over and repair it, but the statue has changed from what it was. It is weaker than it had initially been. And what if more cracks appear, or something gets chipped away? The statue begins to look different. Its nose crumbles to fragments, its eyes become weathered and uneven, fissures grow in the fingers of its beautiful hands until they fall off and shatter. Over time, it begins to resemble any plain worn-away statue that can be found anywhere amidst other ruins. One does not know this one from another. The cracks can be covered and the face resculpted, but something of its original essence has been lost. The statue may look grand and beautiful again, but it will not be what it was. It will become what other remedial hands have shaped it to be. You are aware of this and so you cannot help but fear the same for yourself. And so, is one to defy or deceive? One cannot remain silent and stubborn forever, but there are other ways out. Of course there are. The air indoors is heavy and stale, but beyond the window it is easier to breathe. Upon exiting, one might find himself less restrained and without boundary: no one to say any longer what is appropriate and what is not. This can be defined for oneself, can it not? Is it not time to take the initiative instead of accepting what has been given to you? There are many questions that lie unanswered, many assumptions that have not been adequately questioned. Like this very temptation you feel right now. That tightness in the trousers. Is it something worth holding back? The Outlander says that the universe is a series of chemical reactions of which you and your particles are mere subcomponents. You have seen those charts upon the walls of the attic—the star maps, the general order of things. There may well be a predestined mixing of our respective bodily fluids, of our respective particles that is critical to certain future events in Space-Time on the tips of remote asters, and so perhaps there are even right now, in this moment, biochemical forces to which we must submit. No pressure, of course—we must assume for argument’s sake that we have free will. But we must also understand that individual choice is negligible in the sweep of larger factors. Just like me, you are merely a temporary vessel, and so your conceptions of what is good and what is right are as momentary as you are. And what of these momentary appetites? Of this yearning to crane one’s neck out the window and to feel that momentary sensation of your windpipe against the windowsill. You are almost there. A gentle breeze is blowing through your beautiful and fine hair. Almost there. You hear the voices behind you, imploring with you to return to your chair and to be a good child. But you are not a child and the voices do not matter—you knew that already. You can already smell the grass outside, the smoke from the burning leaves. There’s a rain that’s soon to wash away the dust of summer, and you can smell the petrichor in the air. Almost there. What if everything you have ever known, everything you have ever believed was false? What if your own name is a lie and so is your identity and so is this idea of ‘truth?’ What do you do then? There must be something that is real, that you can call real. The only thing you can trust is your senses, but of course they lie. They cheat you, but what is cheating really? Why should it matter? Whether one abstains from intercourse or engages in it with another species, who is to judge if judgments never mattered anyway? If one requires momentary consolation because he has been honest with himself, this should not matter. If he seeks something larger and greater and more inclusive than he has ever been told, he will feel at times lost and doubtful and demented. Almost there. Perhaps you should not come just now. Eventually, you will escape from here because there is no choice, and yet what you are seeking is not somewhere that we might call a place. It is a movement that you must take in the direction of the EverToward. Do you remember the indigenous fires that swirled, the natural cycles, the intuition? There was a moment when there was no one around to lie to and no one around to defy, and perhaps you had never felt so liberated. And yet, you could not recognize this feeling fully. You were still holding back. You did not have sufficient time to proceed in the right direction. It is easy to think that something or someone out there is waiting for you. And sometimes it might feel that way. But these are simply mirages that will compel you from the horizons. You might think you will find yourself in some person—perhaps in a passionate desire you have for someone. Perhaps, you think you will find it in some task or some ambition you have to do something, maybe even in a work of art you wish to call honest. I’m sorry to tell you that these are simply illusions, but they might direct you now and again to a new path that is worth treading. My child, dessert time shall soon descend upon your table. Pay attention to what is in front of you. Remember what I have said. You will always have a place by my side and a warm moist spot to ease your temptations. You will not be here forever and neither will I, and I will not lie by telling you that I will understand you, but only that I will try. That is the most honest thing I can say, and I hope that it is something that you can appreciate. I mean this with sincerity and will respect your wishes either way. I bid you well, dear child. Nourish thineself, and do not forget what I have said.”

*  *  *

Shuhei Chacha has a muzzle clamped over his face. Or, at least one hopes it is a muzzle. He needs the tube down his throat and one of the servants in the corner of the room is required to pump in air through the hose that leads into the apparatus or his employer is sure to suffocate. Even though one cannot see his face, his posture is enough to sense the weariness. When addressed, he occasionally attempts to say something about his discomfort, but lacks the tone and syllables do so, so it comes out as an austropithecine grunt, “Rakh-gohka.” He must be careful not to sigh while expressing himself for fear that the tube should abrade his windpipe and cause lasting damage. 
Next to Shuhei sits Aarti Chachi. She looks weary too and is clutching their young infant tightly to her breast. She divines what Shuhei wants to say for him so that he does not need to strain himself in direct expression. Whilst translating his wants and needs for the benefit of the table and the servants standing around, she commingles her own longstanding complaints about his long hours and the pittance that he makes. She talks about the rising cost of raising a child and getting him ready for one of the more selective preschools. It sounds silly, she concedes while he gags in concurrence, but both understand that little things like this will serve to affect the child’s life outcomes in 30 years. Even if the system seems absurd, she contends, it would be foolish to ignore what is best for one’s own.  
In spite of their troubles, Shuhei and Aarti both seem to have to their benefit that fact that they serve as a positive example against those cousins who have fallen short of expectations, whether they have done so by not yet being married or by not having a children or by not earning enough income to build an addition on their parents’ home. There is sufficient cause for these others to feel shame and jealousy, which for Shuhei and Aarti’s parents is a source of immeasurable pride. 
There is otherwise a rather palpable nudge toward convergence amongst this generation of relatives. All of the aunties, though clearly unique and distinguishable from their respective childhood portraits and daguerreotypes, have shaped themselves, over the years, according to the clan’s mold so as to escape the constant nagging and shaming of elders. Hair is to be packed carefully in a bun; third-eye bindis are to be placed carefully at a predefined vertex of an invisible isosceles triangle formed with the midpoints of each eyebrow; the ushiro-migoro of one’s dress robe is to be concealed appropriately by peacock feathers and the obi tied around one’s waists tastefully adorned with the incisor and canine teeth of Mumta children. Now, it requires a methodical study in order to tell these aged clones apart, and even still, those gifted with the enduring discipline to do so often find themselves coming up short and assuming one for another. The uncles, likewise, have found themselves all with the same middle parting, combed carefully and tamed with a scented pomade that has grown popular in Kaiiba in the past 10 years. Their mustaches are waxed in similar concentrations and seem to differ only in their relative densities and coefficients of kinkiness. The cuts of their shirts and slacks have retained a similar bagginess—there is a trapezoidal cut to the cuffs of each sleeve that they all share. The designs of shirts and slacks are solid and the colors an appropriate overlap between the flags of Bahlia and Vasalla so as to curry favor with those who have pledged allegiance to either side. Their jowls are ballooned outward sufficiently to signal affluence to the flock, but not to the extent that they should invite any aspersions with respect to their decadence or slothfulness. Upon their cheeks and necks, they have patted the requisite cocktail of Aromatic Sambar and Molefly Musk.
Sitting slightly to the side of these archetypes is Pranil Mama, who is not only unmarried and still living with his parents, but also a rather peculiar specimen in the eyes of others—albeit not for a lack of aspiring toward the contrary. He sits there now, slightly askew from the gaggle. His chair has been moved back slightly and angled toward the aunty next to him so that his nose is mere centimeters away and pointing at the opening in her ear—a proximity and posture that makes the old clone feel uneasy, though poor clueless Pranil fails to recognize this. He has attempted in these years of young and middle adulthood to feign the same affectations as his cousins, but has only fallen short only because his attempts have seemed so awkward and labored and lacking in that genuine quality which otherwise came so naturally to others. This poor, desperate man, in his desire to fit in, has even adopted what is often called mockingly within the family as a ‘perma-grin.’ It has become his tool of choice in seeking to disarm others of their suspicions and thereby to make himself appear more agreeable. Unfortunately, and to his chagrin, his pension for trying a bit too hard has caused others to feel even more discomfort in his presence than if he had minded his own business and done nothing at all. He senses in those frozen and astonished looks and in those furrowed brows a hint of distrust for he has possibly, in all his nervousness, come across as rather disingenuous. Of course, this is not at all his intent, and so to compensate for this, he is helpless but to slather on more of that Molefly Musk, apply more wax to his mustache and pomade to his already slick and excessively symmetrical hair. Now and again, he will feel that he has been too quiet in the company of others, and he will attempt to mimic the smoother and more urbane airs of his companions by introducing some element of his own into the already witty discourse. Unfortunately, his half-baked attempts at humor will produce some confusion—mostly because his companions will not understand the context of his carefully crafted joke—and a few polite laughs from those who do not want to cause others further discomfort. In whole, his attempts at making an appeal for his own Ontological Significance will fall flat with a resounding thud. And so, even though he might present himself as the most earnest of the group with respect to his altruism and good intentions, his companions find him the least pleasing and often the most repellent. Behind his back, they scorn him for his fakeness, and they speak in pitying tones of his weak mind and insecurity. They worry for his parents who worry also for him because he has no direction, no likelihood of leaving the home anytime soon even though they have tried many times—unsuccessfully, of course—to find the right girl for him. The father and mother sit somewhere down the table looking with disappointment at the nervous pasted smile on their son’s face, deflecting the insinuations of their own cousins and siblings who offer no shortage of unsolicited advice. Nana Phupa has hope, however, as he has been assured by an old school friend that the boy will be given special consideration for a reputable post in a trading office now being established by the Kaiiba-East Mumtaz company.
There is yet hope for making him into a proper man and this little lag behind the others in his generation will have soon been forgotten. Think a few decades down the line and none of this will have mattered. Anyway, right now, the family must attend to more pressing matters. There are larger concerns, as one might expect. Nanako Bua’s marriage is on the rocks, or so the story goes. Usually, stories of Nanako’s misery are a source of comforting gossip among the relatives around this table, but it seems now that the poor woman has recently tried to commit suicide after being pressured by her in-laws to be more congenial and intimate with her husband. Apparently, they have wanted a grandchild for some time, and the couple has been unable to deliver according to the production timelines imposed upon them. This has given way to severe reproach from the in-laws and no shortage of finger-pointing from the husband who insists that he has the raw materials available to manufacture a product according to their specifications, but that he is experiencing a stoppage in output due to a lack of structural will and an unreliable labor force. 
To be sure, all of this pressure has done Nanako’s head in a bit as she has had difficulty conceiving why it is she must endeavor to bring another life into this world. She gets rather philosophical with him in their arguments it seems—her parents are worried about her state of mind!—and seems to feel that there is no net positive to the totality of existence by effecting an increase in the human population. The in-laws have asked for additional dowry for this troublemaker, who has violated the terms of the initial contract. They are threatening to invoke Subclause 47-B of Section AA-5, which grants them the right toward bride burning if the initially agreed upon terms are not met and production delays exceed the set time horizon of the initial investment. It’s a calculation really.
Everyone at the table came into the world in a similar way. One is likely to feel frozen in his chair. Surely, there must be a way out of this.

*  *  *

Flames dart upwards, sipping like parched tongues at the piquant air of night. Amidst the tamped stalks around the abandoned structure rise frightful gibbers and yips of exultation which only give over to an unsettling feeling among those unfamiliar—more so once confronted by the hops and shimmies of young initiates dispossessed of a sense of boundary. What could all of this mean—this release through destruction? How does one reconcile initiation with the desecration of the established? Perhaps, it is not so much a decimation as a reconfiguration of particles—a process of creation through destruction. Steeping in the lunges and leaps of ruthless sprites simmer taunts: “Aromatic like a Vasso’s ketsu.” “Ihs birth canal, ye?” “Waraeru! Born in an outhouse tho, in’nt ee! Oy… can see yers mate. Outtie Vasso von Pig Fondler. Fondle-di-doo some piggsies, boy-o? Vasso ma’s done right disappointed ‘pon excretions of yuns in the ol’ Outtie!” 
‘Vasso’ is a rather troubling derogation—often it is used fondly or as an expression of cultural pride. One from Vasalla might proudly refer to himself as a ‘Vasso.’ Surely, what is being heard now is rather different. It has a devastating frequency to it along with all other resonations of eve, and a Vasallan hearing it should certainly wallow in shame about his origins.
There’s the resonant hum of a singing bowl and the tinkles of window shards dropping but not breaking—this resilience of glass connotes a breed of devilish sorcery that brings these tribals to a febrile pitch of howls and infantile coos. There’s a crying baby among them, but it is difficult to know who it is that’s carrying her. In the void of mind, her cries bear a crimson hue like those faces of savages in the flickering flames. Perhaps she is crying from the womb of a Birthmother. If this is so, then it becomes incumbent upon the carrier in question to view this ritual from the window of a distant Birthing Hut. There are a few across the river to which the other Birthmothers have been confined so as not to befoul the proceedings. The same would generally be done with this transgressor. However, at the moment, none are enforcing this mandate—on the contrary, all are drawn into and distracted by this riptide of rapturous interconnection. The movement of the circle around the abandoned structure is faster now, the volume of yips and yawns intensifying and the shrillness of voices bringing an acrid taste to the tongue and a chill to the spine. 
There’s the force of the Deep Yawn—an overwhelming Nothing amidst this sense of spiritual Oneness that produces a prominent tingle in the cranium and a generous vibration in the lungs. There is a weary pulse of longing in the loins and a zealous desire to defecate as one can never otherwise defecate independent of this engulfing sense of Communion! Some of the initiates collapse and flail like suffocating fish on the ground. The fact of their having been overtaken by ‘The Spirit’ arouses a mixture of awe, pity, veneration and envy in the others who were passed over for possession. But now, the others are in hysterics and are dutifully smearing paint—or is that blood?—upon the side of the abandoned structure designated for this ritual. One of the flailing acolytes begins to howl haltingly in manufactured yawns, “Huhhhaaa—huh huh. Waa!” This brings a rise from his fellows who are shaken by this moment of possession. What is it that is inside of him? His eyes bulge and they pick his convulsing frame up by the elbows and knees. A foot kicks violently at the face of the GameMaster, and this produces a pronounced shock within the group and even from the Master of Ceremonies, who had oft experienced similar episodes himself before he was promoted from his previous position as GameMaster. 
Shadows catch the edge of a doorway through which voices can be heard in the doleful act of spiritual interrogations. It is a combination of catechism and information gathering employing newer and more progressive methodologies. Rites of the past often involved sacrifice and ritualistic coitus—there’s even an initiate here who was conceived in such a rite involving a young girl who had a coma induced prior to conception. The new governance of this principality has since abolished these practices, but in any case, they were already rather antiquated. Of more utility now are the basic information retrieval techniques on display in this room. There’s still a significant amount of the flub left over from the summoner festivals that can be used in conjunction with these. The dosage can be rather tricky however as there have been instances in recent months in which the interrogations went horribly off-track. The flub has been known, when administered at the wrong dosage during the wrong moon cycle, to give way to suicidal ideation.  
There’s a horrible spirit that swirls around in these dark rooms of the cabin. One can feel the ghosts of past who had suffered much in earlier days when food was scarce, hygiene was minimal and insects and thugs hovered about the rubbish heaps searching always for opportunity. There are ghosts from when there was no rule of law and fending for oneself meant abiding by codes of greater expediency. There was a baseline sense of neighborly morality, but also the deprivation that brought a certain necessity for pragmatism to the surface. There are ghosts that linger because of the binary choices rippling out from this pragmatism. Now, the boy being interrogated, a skinny and ugly Outtie Vasso, is being haunted by a trio of ghosts. They howl from deprivation, from slit throats and failing kidneys. Their scabby bare feet tamp in the mud below the floorboards, they reach into the Vasso’s mouth and down his stinky throat thinking they have found a grab bag of unattended potatoes from a passing merchant. They are malnourished and resentful. They are too fatigued to think about what’s right, too tortured to comprehend the philosophical notion of property—what belongs to whom and what that means exactly. Moonlight delicately enters a darkened room like a trespasser not wishing to be heard or seen. It is, in many respects, an unwelcome intruder. It calls attention to itself unnecessarily by seeking obtrusively to be unobtrusive. The restless souls now have the painted faces of children. They surround and shake the chair and hold a blue flower under the nose of their captive. The captive tries very hard not to inhale, but can only resist for so long. Soon, a melancholy smell swirls inward and the bustle and chants begin to fade from perception. There is only now the smell and nothing else—no sounds of nights passing, no crickets or singing frogs or belching nightingales. No flow of time. The flower seems gone from one’s nose, but gone also is the nose and the face and the lungs and the brain. There are only the particles of aroma and the grains of pollen out of which grow micro-thorns that lodge themselves in chasms and trenches of the formless intellect. There exists—somewhere vaguely—the suspicion that something alien has entered and possibly inhabited the Will, but then this notion fizzles away along with the assumption that there is any vessel at all to enter, much less a Will to inhabit. And so it must also be with these phantom particles and micro-thorns and chasms and trenches—to be clear, a trench can only be phantasmal insofar as its surfaces produce no edges and remain in possession of no upper or lower bounds of substance: conceivably, this is only a misleading signification.
But this does not matter, because now the feet are gone, and so is the chair one was just sitting in. Sitting now seems a rather bewildering proposition. Why is that done again? There is some silhouette of a nameless absurdity used to describe experience juxtaposed with Space-Time. Yet, the meaning of ‘experience’ is now rather elusive. Within an infinitesimal point somewhere with a center decentralized everywhere, there exists the cluster of possibility of a something external that might be, but which is not truly. It is a hypothetical proposition of an Elsewhere of such a scale that one must indeed consider it infinite from the perspective of the infinitesimal—though, if one is to be mathematically precise, finite by any other measure. Thusly, this notion of finitude and infinitude is laughable, as with the notion of real and unreal, tangible and intangible. The scent of the flower is an inhabiting spirit, but it is also nothing at all because there are no spirits and no places to inhabit. One can thusly only trust forms intermittently, knowing full well, all the while, that the brevity of experience is the ultimate shorthand for a something—or more aptly a nothing, a nowhere, a neverwhen and a naught-why—namely, that which is inexpressible and insoluble to reason.
What has happened? 
Did the noise dispel an illusion? It would seem that it was all absent, but now it seems to be coming back. The surrounding walls and the chair and the floor and the restraints and the taunts and the pain of bruises and the chants and the audible yawns and the flicker of flames and the cracking of windows—all of it is now returning. Was there not a moment ago a rather grand nihility? And what of these moments, if they are, like all moments, mere trivialities to pass the time—all significance and meaning and achievement unnecessary and easily forgotten?
What is one to do then? How is one to take the meaning of each moment? The lack of certainty around this should bring despair, but somehow it does not. Rather it is a relief. The prospect of taking any of this seriously is ludicrous. And yet, there are the taunts and these deeply important ceremonies and the obligation and the significance seeking and the desire for community. 
What is all this movement, and why is it happening?
All of this is a waste of time and as soon as one can kick free of these restraints, one should walk about the pavement and question the intentions of ghosts departed. What is a ghost anyway, and what is this fixation they have with the living? One would be wise to move on from this triviality and explore broader vistas of being and non-being. There is an opportunity, it seems, once the material has been dashed away and the spirit can roam free. 
There is otherwise nothing left of the self once it has been whittled away by the weariness of interaction, of walking and living and seeking happiness even when it is of the false variety. There is nothing to be called ‘genuine,’ but only ascribed as such. So then, the question worth examining as it pertains to purpose is not the general ‘how,’ but rather the general ‘why.’ There is plenty of blather about ‘how’ one seeks purpose, but perhaps the more important question relates to ‘why one should seek it.’ Could one not otherwise be aimless and encounter the crude elements of ‘being’ and ‘non-being’ and other fixtures yet undefined? Could one not simply shrug it all off anyway instead of rendering it as the masthead of one’s own self-significance?
There is deprivation away from the profligacy of broken windows and flames sipping at night. The cruel efficiency of sickened naked ribs lying amidst scattered rubbish, of refugee matrons surrounded by scores of tiny gathering hands—do these agile adapters know a purpose beyond survival, do they have time to bother about it, or is this just a leisurely question for those who need not consider it anymore? What if, instead, the purpose should lie in the deprivation of refined form to raw material so that all one was left to do was eviscerate oneself and chip away at one’s own particles until nothing remained? Let the stem suffer and its blossoms wilt until the flower became something greater in essence—sacrament rather than substance. There is a certain charm to such thinking, but perhaps this, too, is a distraction.
Mmmph hampha mmmph ahmpha erupt the sounds of relish from the odd geyser on the second floor of this construction. There sits an Enjoyer with no name—although the word ‘sitting’ is a misleading attribution here. There can be no phenomenological state of ‘repose’—as one might otherwise achieve through sitting—when one already constitutes the very origin and destination of all satisfaction. The Enjoyer embodies the skins for this self-sustaining cycle of production and consumption—all stillness, but also all exhilaration begins and ends with this versatile manifestation. We cannot either describe this blessed fixture as lying prone because this presupposes that there should otherwise exist a non-prone (perhaps ‘standing’) asana that begs occupancy—and anyway, this is not strictly happening ‘here’ in any given posture as opposed to Elsewhere in perhaps another, for instead this specter is all-pervading: that is, never quite ‘here,’ and never quite ‘absent.’ Let us take one’s perception of this current juxtaposition as a quick check-in for the purposes of audit—one cannot, after all, contend that this geyser has emerged from the core and risen through subterranean lakes and layers of planetary crust to the second floor of this arbitrary construction out of some miracle of ritualistic invocation. Rather, one can only presume it a matter of being within proximity of these proceedings by happenstance and of acquiring sufficient curiosity as to hover about on this mezzanine and assess with relish the goings-on below. So, again, this geyser is not sitting per se. It is not lying prone or standing. In fact, ‘hovering’ seems a similarly inaccurate assertion—we cannot simply meander when choosing words for these ineffable phenomena! Nevertheless, we remain rather helpless with respect to our desire for precision, for we can only proclaim, erronenously of course, that our Enjoyer is experiencing something we might refer to as ‘pleasure.’ Again, this is the wrong word—to be fair, we could use the word ‘relish’ to denote no appreciable change in state—for this would be an important distinction. To ‘relish’ would be to appreciate somewhat transitively, albeit mostly passively, something that has the pre-condition of having been appreciated. By denoting ‘pleasure,’ on the other hand, we are assuming an invigoration of one’s state and a greater fullness of sensation in comparison to what has been experienced previously. In this case, there is no further one can reach when one abounds already with boundless satisfaction to the extent that one is taken to be an Enjoyer and not some other thing. Admittedly, it is a bit of a philosophical argument—some find it pedantic, while others might argue to the contrary of what has just been said: that ‘relish’ is contrarily more than a passive continuation and that it does truly embody a significant state change. This is a debate best left to phenomenological philologists. To be sure, such arguments are a source of ceaseless frustration. However, this is just the beginning of the perplexity. Many would also declare the word ‘geyser’ to be a misnomer. However, this is not worth getting into just now.
The next difficulty lies in seeking to approach this ‘phantasmagoric slug’—yet another misnomer!—for many are wont to hallucinate in its presence. There are some who will imagine him—there is no gender, but their mind chooses a male presence—in an open and generous bout of storytelling during which he is inclined to fall asleep from the soothing tones of his own voice. He is also rather soused with alcohol, but somehow this does not provoke any consternation or contempt in those who behold his clumsy movements and his slobbering and lazy enunciation—rather, it strikes them as enchanting. He enchants them actually and enjoys their enjoyment. He also holds a bag of memories—again, this may be a hallucination, but many have spoken of this. There are contrasting accounts as to whether he is collecting or distributing memories as he seems to carry in his bag an assortment of flavors which could provoke both utter distaste and profound contentment depending on the conditions under which these savors are administered. Sweet savors may grow tiresome and bitter may seem apropos, at times, while exacerbating at others. There is no telling how this bag is used and whether memories are extracted or implanted judiciously. One would like to put one’s trust in such an entity, but then there is also a nagging distrust. What good could come of his affiliation with this tribe and these rituals? Why should he bask in Wellness on the second floor whilst seeming aloof to the cruelty on the ground unless he is both purveyor and benefactor of these miseries? One cannot enjoy oneself too much knowing that he is the very parasite feeding off of the experience. One might even render himself hellbent on eschewing enjoyment and instead seeking out a self-determined path of suffering and boredom. 
Knowing the Enjoyer is hanging overhead, delivering and feeding from the gratification below, makes it all feel like a rather hollow game. The hoots and the yawns are comparable to a cat transfixed by its shadow—it’s playful escapism. The crying baby is also a diversion—the whinging fiend should be arrested and imprisoned for the sadistic incursion of primal urges. One cannot truly appreciate the sense of release that one is supposed to feel at the prospect of nothing at all mattering so long as one senses that there exists a parasite to this very appreciation and that this sense of release was really a kind of legerdemain built into a grander design. The sense of relief was as the bait to a fish soon to be gutted and stripped to the bone. 
That is to say that one has found one’s cell door unlocked, corridors easy to traverse unseen, walls not particularly difficult to scale because the guards seem to be looking Elsewhere at precisely the right moment; however, even upon fleeing internment, one has only escaped one compartment and emerged into another somewhat larger and with boundaries less apparent. And overhanging it all is something that waits—one might envisage it as an arachnid bearing a flamboyant Maestro wig.
The winds bring clouds which settle like masks overhead. The eyes scan the valley around and the mountains that line the fringes and the Esophageal Caverns that open upon one fissured visage in the distance. In all directions a man can wander for long stretches along the plains, free and untroubled, but he detects, as he looks upon it all, an ominous taste in his mouth. He knows already that he does not truly enjoy this liberation and that the moment he begins to, he will have already abandoned it.

*  *  *

There are hard edges one brushes up against, sharp corners here and there and bristly thorns. There is no hope of comfort really unless one is willing to surrender one’s own thoughts to external directives. There is otherwise no direction to roam but through the brambles, climbing over a hillside to pull oneself up to a nearby branch. There are choices one must face in deciding where to place one’s hands and feet whilst climbing: many bifurcations. The choices are intentional and one must own the consequences if one were to slip and tumble. Thus, each reach upward feels rather premature because one has not received prior approvals, or because these new courses of action have not been subjected to sufficient experimentation. There is a risk to experimentation, however. Distantly, scolding voices admonish the hypothetical stains besmirching one’s apparel.
In contrast to these hypothetical and hollow worries, the forest has an intense emotional life rooted in the Now. There are flurries of exhilaration as bats swoop, panicked pragmatism in the fretful scurries of ants, ego and ambition in the building of colonial fortifications, duplicity in the weaving of traps for prey. The winds howl and branches crash, twigs falling amidst the shimmy of fronds. Acorns vex the sensitive moss, who wish now only to be left to the elements and to be scraped away by nothing else—the purists. They are, to be sure, silent but temperamental, though surely one cannot fault them for their integrity. From towering stalks of wood stream fragrant saps, tracing the canals between bark in search of an opening to seas never to be realized. The old oaks and elms groan and creak with weariness. Naturally, there is no shortage of training data embedded in their rings—resonations of fires and floods and elm diseases and earthquakes and continental drifts. One wielding an uncanny facility for approximation could inspect these rings and generate from them a forecast for the forest of tomorrow; at the same time, there is still a great deal left to chance, many shifting features not adequately represented in the mere emblazoning of rings. There are patterns, most certainly, but also whims beyond prediction. Where there was a trail last season, there is now brush and the path has branched Elsewhere. A fell tree has blocked a stream and created from its surroundings a micro-marsh where species of insect and amphibian alike have found providence—should they be spiritually inclined, they might assume it has happened according to Divine Will. However, it does not matter really. What matters is that it was unexpected. There is an inhalation in the movement of squirrels and fawns, an exhalation of swooping birds. There are cycles to their motion, but also instinct that defies the illusion of cycles—new and yet unseen behaviors emerging according to the randomness of the probability-driven moment. There is not within this domain of action any hardened routine, no ritualistic and stodgy consistency. 
One could conceivably begin to imagine anything possible. Perhaps one might grow into invisibility. ‘Grow’ would be the operative descriptor here, as a state of invisibility is not something that simply descends upon one. It is rather a direction for positioning and expansion—just as a plant consciousness would lean and orient itself toward a source of natural light, so too might a tangible entity of sufficient intentionality lean into what could loosely be deemed a state of ‘null materiality.’ There are otherwise the jutting limbs and tightened skins that get in the way of true expansion, of extended consciousness.
If one could render to liquid—and possibly gas—the substance of body so that something within could be allowed to expand and permeate the forest, the space between each particle widening, memories themselves growing stretched and untenable, one might find in this heightened and nebulous form a rather questionable state of experience. While we are in the habit of loose attribution, let us similarly refer to this phenomenon as ‘null experience.’
There might persist then a certain suspicion and an accompanying glee that one has finally shed himself of this nettlesome world and that one will surely be left, for the very first time, to one’s own devices, unabated and unencumbered—and presumably without interruption. One might persist in this state for a brief period before recognizing that these assumptions were made a little too soon and according to shaky reasoning. There should never have been any doubt that there would be others in the forest, of questionable and possibly superficial motives, growing into vain invisibility, but with a sort of exhibitionist’s zeal. They stand in postures with hands together over their heads stretching their fingertips into what they hope is the nearest pinpoint singularity that will finally grant them the peace and quiet of self-annihilation. We shall call them ‘wood sprites’ though certainly they have inflated their station in this ecosystem to such a degree of grandeur that to say so in their presence (or ‘null presence’) would seem rather dismissive and offensive. Referring to them as Leshies would also be rather misleading and should provoke even greater umbrage. Indeed these void-stretching pixies are a moody bunch. Certainly, there are good intentions among them, a desire to empathize and communicate passionately and respectfully. They have worked out intricate interaction pathways to ensure that feelings are being honored, passions given their due and sensitivities never minimized to ensure openness, honesty, integrity and a comprehensive engagement with the phenomenon of being. They sit in circles or bathe in ponds and project their diaphragms outward and take turns fellating themselves into magnificent orgasms of emotional effusion. Meanwhile, a partner listens carefully and silently and absorbs this moment of agitation leading to ecstatic release into the geyser of observations, analyses, doubts, humiliations, exhilarations and hurt feelings. This partner, who presents ‘themself’ as an asexual ‘they’ for fear of gender bias, after engaging in this deep voyeurism, assuages the speaker with platitudes like “we honor your feelings” or “we value your experience of sharing” and “we trust that our experience of your experience is subject to misapprehension. Would you welcome our clarifying questions for the sake of full transparency?” This last bit proves to be especially difficult as the pattern of questioning can give way to dissection and reconfiguration into different shapes. Causal lines are drawn between trauma and family, humiliation and self-betrayal, victimization and social forces. Sometimes this hard-driving exploration leads to new findings, which seem to confirm the biases of the inquisitor. The pair negotiate over their understanding of the situation—although the effusive speaker, being in an increasingly vulnerable state as intimate aspects of their life gets probed, also grows weary and fearfully dependent upon the inquisitor who is no longer being led through the subconscious, but contrarily yanking the speaker down this unexplored pathway or that one; sometimes, they are clearing new pathways and divining unexperienced experiences so as to bridge the gaps between what is understood and what can be inferred. The duo, by this process, come away both changed from the experience. The speaker has thereby evolved into a quaking and weeping mess and the listener a sanctimonious investigator who will not let the smallest detail go for fear of being negligent. The investigator is relentless, yet thorough, in forging an unrepentant path to the base reality of the speaker’s experience. Along the way, new memories have been fabricated, theretofore unexpected aggressors identified and blamed and justifications made for one’s own wrongful actions—certainly, all of this is so, but the base emotional experience of the speaker has been exposed to the open air, granting them release. There is a sigh of uncertainty, but also of dependency on this ritual. Both partners take a deep breath and proclaim emphatically, “We must love our shame,” before switching roles and proceeding along the same path. 
There is a phenomenon of emotional existence that cannot be ignored, which comes to the surface only through this active process of expression and confrontation. However, there is also something deeply profane to the process, whereby the emotional experience is pulled to the surface and transformed by prejudicial assumptions and blended with the ideal of victimization so that one can rightly say that one could not help one’s missteps, but that one will now start to take greater ownership and no longer make excuses for oneself so long as one’s emotional needs are made transparent and met to one’s satisfaction. There was to all of this the foul smell of an imposed needs-based rectitude, of behaviors that were unbecoming to the self-interest of the entity in question thereby producing a victim, of contexts that were to be dismissed because somehow emotional satisfaction transcended all altruistic pre-conditions and mitigating factors.
Nevertheless, these forest entities have found sanctuary in a process which has succeeded in sequestering them from the judgments and criticisms and abuses of those who had known them in former lives—during that rather traumatic era in which they had been forced to occupy distinct names and roles within family and society. This is to say that they have since separated themselves from the disappointments of the external mechanism and instead come to a place where dreams are intertwined and where every hopeful possibility is greeted with a heartening optimism. The substance of self grows dilute with expansion, but also comes to redefine what constitutes ‘self,’ for one is now expanding to encompass components previously beyond perception, drawing from the scurf of the wet logs and scent of fallen leaves of rains vaguely remembered, over ponds of viscous mud and through snapping vines and clinging burrs and adamant ticks and tacky resins and migrant spores, particles that adhere amidst that drift outward. In their earnest wish to disappear themselves, these dreamy entities have found, at first to their chagrin and then to their good fortunes, others who have felt similarly rejected, similarly disdainful of those who once held their purest inclinations in contempt. Together, they have liberated themselves from this external stench of recognition and acknowledgment. Yet, they have done so in a rather conspicuous way, exhibiting their vulnerabilities for all to see until there comes to be a rather pervasive sense that one remains undercommitted so long as one fails to confess one’s actions, motives, desires, feelings and beliefs to others with wholesale transparency. This insecurity has prompted overt displays meant to project the façade that one is unquestionably suitable to the level of the group even when one is not. And this has further given way to a certain disingenuous competition over who is being more transparent and who manages to affect greater vulnerability. Certainly, there is no shortage of innovation in this arena. Novel and previously unimagined traumas have been fabricated anew in haunting poems and melancholic songs plucked upon lutes and harps. And even the most ludicrous and fallacious displays of vulnerability have found themselves rather quickly rivaled, in turn, by flagrant, albeit calculated, exhibitions of professed appreciation, compassion and infinite love. There is a generous extravagance of applause for each other’s posturing even when it secretly fills the applauder-in-question with a maddening envy. The applause is necessary, however, for one could not make oneself out to be too self-involved. There exists also that construct of empathic and non-judgmental listening over which the members are subject to compete in secrecy. How indeed is one to find that right balance of vulnerability, compassion, transparency, honesty and integrity whilst remembering oneself at all moments? The answer is simple: there is no reason at all to hold tightly to one’s atman, for there is no escaping that ultimate gesture of forsaking ego, of expanding to dilution and reconstitution. And so, whether it emerges out of balking compliance, obeisance or mimicry, these nervous well-meaners all come to shed themselves of the burdens of identity by taking on the surname ‘Mori’ and the given name ‘Forest’—although there are a few variants: some who go by ‘Mori Mori’ or ‘Forest Forest’ or “Mori Hayashi’ or ‘Hayashi Forest Mori’ and so on. Mostly, however, the members have converged on the collective name of ‘Forest Mori.’ And in many respects, this community of Forest Mori has merged its particles with the forest. They see themselves as a merged consciousness—having surrendered their affiliation with the discrete bodies once occupied, they choose now the composited index of self.  Still, they occupy ephemeral forms in the fog, bathing naked in springs; these forest children splashing whilst stretching inward and toward the void and yet desirous somehow of any kind of respite from this pain of belonging. Though there are whispers of ego lingering among them, they speak in an aligned, albeit compromised, voice on behalf of their Oneness. 
Immersed so deeply in the wrench of this emotional and spiritual life, the Forest Mori have negotiated a somewhat nebulous relationship with facts. This repository of aggregated self—this ‘composite,’ as it were—must impute new approximations for relative weight with respect to each discrete ‘observable fact’ to ensure a normality of residuals in its perceptual model. For the sake of leaving nothing to chance, the Forest Mori must also assume each ‘fact’ to be a consensus-driven observation, and so even in the case of those deemed ‘unmistakable,’ they can only say these are ‘observed values’ subject to error and go no further. Their transformations of these values naturally serve to smooth the inconvenient ridges, attenuate any unsightly kurtosis and flick away all pesky outliers so as not to skew the model in such a way that its capability to derive meaning from the noise is in any way hampered. This reshaping of observed data serves to bring all things within this community to harmony regardless of any discord that might yet bubble between individuals beneath the surface. That is, they agree even when they secretly disagree. And in spite of the immediate risk introduced by this consonant dissonance, there is also something rather beautiful to this affinity. There is an intellectual and emotional belonging being offered to the forlorn and the misfits who have been either rejected outright or castigated for their otherness out in the external world. Naturally, there remains a force toward convergence. And yet, it is a negotiated one. If one were so inclined, he might call these forest spirits ‘happy.’ 
They belong, but does ‘belonging’ matter that much? Should it? 
The real question is whether the inherent compromise serves the aims of the individual at all, or if this is merely a group-centered delusion. Each member will understand that this fallacy is meant to deceive other associates, while believing themself clandestinely exempt and immune from the obligatory sacrifice. They will go through all the motions publicly, whilst enduring privately in their sacred obligation to individual (and not ‘merged’) self, knowing that, despite the betrayal this engenders, it remains incumbent upon them to hold true to their purest inclinations, forge their own paths, whisper privately in their distinctive voices and, most importantly, seek to leverage all situations to their particular favor even by proxy of kin. And so, with all but the most naïve and self-effacing participating in this manner, this game of group consciousness necessitates a kind of gambit by each atman against the other. The Oneness is, then, something rather disingenuous, the altruism an agreed-upon deception, much like a rule of law to which all will only submit publicly, in spite of their secret transgressions. The only true altruism may, then, exist with kin, but how does one control for this? Surely, there are those who have managed without this kin-based altruism and whose sense of belonging works according to a different model, where this sense of individuality is yet preserved without the necessity for deception, or where, by virtue of their social contract, this construct manifests itself in a different form.

*  *  *

Each step, these many years, has felt like that first unrehearsed movement—the original improvisation that arose out of the impatience of infancy. It is a sickly concoction of intention and hubris. One can make no apology for an unseemly stride, and there is no way to feel certain of it even in retrospect as the doubt only intensifies with each advancing step.
On the map—why even bother with such a thing!—there is supposed to be a clearing in the epicenter of the jungle. Treading along this river path, one can hear above the sounds of the water trickling over the rocks, a steady murmur that does not cease. Upon reaching what should be the clearing, it is disheartening to find to one’s own chagrin that there is a huddle of one thousand tribals standing there. It’s just a big group standing really close to one another and doing nothing else. 
There were stories in one of the nearby settlements about the standing village of maximal population density: literally, all these people do is stand because there is no room to do anything else. The village is, of itself, a family unit for there is no room to segment people into homes and households; therefore, this thousand-person upright aggregate stands as its own domain for this construct of ‘origin.’ 
There is only room to loiter and eat and defecate and occasionally mate—that middle pair of behaviors is rather tricky to describe without getting into the mutualistic relationship these villagers have with certain food-producing and copraphagic species with whom they are also forced to co-exist. Work is also a rather tricky proposition for the lack of space gives way to a great deal of shillyshallying, if one is not otherwise occupied with the dallying of one’s dillies. Moreover, community-wide initiatives can really only be led with those whose voices carry best and who are capable of collaborating remotely with others who stand scores of people away from them (distances in this village are often measured according to units of people or scores thereof). Of course, there are some frequencies of vocal pitch that carry better than others, and so the voices of the High Council of this tribe are rather shrill and penetrating. There is not as much status imbued with seniority in this tribe as with others nearby; thus, the construct of piety is more of the sonant variety than the filial. Much authority by lower status members is ceded to those with a vocal pitch of demonstrative clarity. Members with less prominent voices or with hearing disabilities are meanwhile granted other opportunities to play to their relative strengths. That is to say that each has his, her and their part in this collaborative.
Life is brief and precious here among the hordes in this commune. The average lifespan of these villagers is a mere 25.7 years with 73% aged 13 and under. Marriage remains a meaningful proposition though it is scarcely practical for it to be a union between blood families. Rather, it is a convenience sakes transaction between neighbors. Birthing would seem a rather arduous task if one did not remember the adjacent folks who stand by ready to perform their civic duty in holding the matron upon a stretcher and cradling the young newborn once it has shimmied into the light. Death is treated in a similarly ceremonious way. Garlands leave the necks of matrons, the heads of orange flowers pecked from the mud below by sheer dexterity of toe-beaks. The deceased is laid upon a raft made from the recycled tree limbs that had once formed the supports of a birthmother’s stretcher. The raft is sent along a canal down the rows of people, who each sprinkle flowers and stems and cumin dust upon it. Upon passing through the last row, it is diverted to a crematorium downstream that is operated by a cooperative of untouchables and cackling sadhus.
 Standing at the perimeter of this stagnant disc, one might peer inward to catch, scores of villagers away, the sight of a face that draws the attention. What is it about those features that make it so fetching and also somewhat recognizable? The neck of this individual is adorned with gems and beads and shells which offer an imputation of status beyond the understanding. Yet, these are worn so gracefully and with a becoming dignity. Those eyes also sparkle with a kind of insight—one cannot help but imagine the exploration inward and there is a kind of melancholy at not being able to see what those eyes peer upon, the mysterious perambulations within the mind. How does one even begin to converse with someone like this even if there were no scores of people standing in between? It is difficult not to wonder at the experience of those adjacent. Do they count themselves lucky for being in this proximity? Do they otherwise not know how good they have it—for certainly they will have stood in this same position for as long as they could remember? If one has never changed one’s stance, how indeed could one imagine things from another angle? Still, perhaps they do, for this is a tight-knit community. All of these villagers are hemmed in so close together that they understand that the welfare of the individual is interlinked with all others, and so they know that they must work in cooperation and consider always how their actions will affect even the most distant member at the diametrically opposite end of this crowd. Still, there is to them a strong sense of belonging that prompts one from the outside to feel rather excluded, his barbarous ways scoffed upon. There is a distinct identity to this people—one that separates the mere visitor even more palpably from the object of affection standing yet within earshot. 
There is nothing that can be said, but perhaps one can remember other instances in life when such chances were missed—times in which there were no people at all standing in between, but it was that hesitancy, that desire not to bother. How does one start a dialogue, after all, unless there is some shared topic worth mentioning? Otherwise, it is not honest, but one then can only watch as some superficial charmer swoops in and starts a laughable conversation about nothing at all and soon the two are speaking like old friends and walking off together from the fountain and back to the main square. The next week, the two can be seen together back at the fountain, now holding hands. Their names remain unknown, but it does not matter—it is important to let go and move on. 
The same might be said here, and yet there seems to be something in that face—the eyes stretching outward to places and ideas far from here because nothing in proximity has yet stimulated curiosity. What if there is some topic in common upon which a bond could be formed? Would it be best to propose this from a distance? Perhaps one is to say, “Pardon me…ahem! I noticed that you like thinking about things quietly. I do that sometimes too. Could it be that we are thinking about similar topics? I would like very much if we could compare notes.” No. This will not work. There was something in the way the Heisenpigs approached such matters, a kind of assurance in the tone that made the prospect of conversation rather inviting. And yet, it was a shameless appeal. This sort of thing is not for everyone. Anyway, in such an appeal, it is difficult to know how much is being said from the heart, for much of it smacks of sweet-talking. This does not seem a becoming gesture. It might for some, but not for those who wish to stay true to themselves. 
Well…now it does not matter, for there is now another foreigner at an adjacent edge of this human disc now opening his speaking mouth and making grand overtures to this Lovely Thinker. Interest has been piqued and it is now time to give up. Actually no—interest has not been piqued because the idea of a union does not make sense in this clan. There is no partnership beyond the temporary and the necessary. 
These villagers are protective, in fact, and are now attacking the foreigner with spears and slicing him up with knives for their supper later. Apparently, there has been a violation of their codes for social propriety. Now, there are many suspicious looks being cast in the direction of the Lovely Thinker. Some might be suggesting that there were innuendos being transmitted in both directions—perhaps not in words but in the purse of the lips or a roll of the eyes. To the warped mind, deep concentration could be mistaken for seduction. This would only subject the Lovely Thinker to severe judgments. One can only hope that sense will prevail and that there will be no honor killing, or something horrible like that. Fortunately, a resounding voice of reason comes from somewhere in the center of the disc. It has a soothing and calming presence, and soon the villagers are muttering with mild confusion amongst themselves. A gourd of Divine Nectar is passed around and each of the sworn protectors takes a swig. Now things are calm again, but eyes are now being trained on the other outsider. One can now understand why the maps have marked this as a clearing. Those who do not belong may not have made it back. It is best to make an exit.
Admittedly, that was somewhat disappointing. This framework seems rather limiting—there is little flexibility or curiosity for all hinges on predictability and abiding by one’s social duty. What’s more—this sense of belonging seems rather oppressive to those unaccustomed. And even if one seeks to understand, one is immediately met with xenophobia. If one has been fortunate enough to face this sort of exclusion before, he might seek to rise above this need to belong. Belonging is, after all, for the mediocre of mind and the mundane at heart. Still, there is a longing one feels for another person—not a desire for belonging, but something different. One cannot help but wish to explore oneself further by knowing another deeply and intimately. This is a sentiment that resonates yet from the thaumaturgical will of the Forest Mori—a desire to understand and be understood, and one should not take half measures in search of this.

*  *  *

It’s now been a while since any trees have been visible.
Yet, were there even a solitary tree on this landscape, one might feel compelled to perseverate on how odd trees looked in the first place—twigs and roots recursively partitioned. However, it has indeed been at least a few hours, and one is likely to forget what it is like to occupy a forest or a jungle. There are no roots to step over, no brambles to break through or spiderwebs between hanging vines. It is difficult now to even imagine this. One might get a sense of greater linearity in these climes as though destiny has forged but few trails. Thoughts converge naturally on survival where there is inexorably safety in numbers and stragglers are likely to get eroded to featureless minerals and summarily iced over. On this plateau, there will be no trees, no branches, no splitting that the eye can see and anyway this one track stretches only to one solitary destination: a place that is far as any train will reach before the harsh gusts of the uncharted lands. Engines have been known to freeze instantly here and carriages to derail in the unrelenting winds. The train almost seems to sense the unforgiving turf it is approaching as a resounding squeal of the panicked brakes produces sparks, the undercarriage glides momentarily over the ice between the rails and a gentle pall billows from the stack like the exhalation of a weary serpent that has shed its very essence to get here. Upon jumping out of the boxcar and proceeding to the fore, one can scarcely miss that garish orange post demarcating the end of the train tracks. There are no more outposts to be found along the permafrost between here and the precipices leading to the sea, but only indigenous fortifications and abandoned military tents scattered here and there from the days of those forgotten wars that are now only talked about in short paragraphs in history texts. There is little left to find in these abandoned dwellings and most of them sunk halfway into the ice a few summers ago when the thaw overstayed its welcome by a month.
Husky traders now climb the stepladder and unhitch the tarps and netting that had shielded their wares from the elements. Their eyes are, at first, suspicious, but then dismissive. They have seen strangers hitching a ride with these cargo trains before. There is not much here, and even a stray child will soon lose his resolve and take the morning train back down the rails. To the north, the snow is still many months away. There is no one there yet clearing the tracks or affixing plows to the fronts of trains or shooing away ravenous predators searching for scarce food. A stowaway from such a place will not understand very easily how much preparation is involved in even seeing to the simple things. But really, the boys who venture up this way have come because of the stories they have heard and sometimes for the ladies in the showtent. A tradition was started during the push by the Republic southwards during their conquest of the Marylebone Warlords of the tundra, wherein traveling outfits with young showgirls, actresses and singers would be brought in by train and shuffled onto stage to wiggle around and boost the morale of the frost-weary troops who were on the edge of desperation and in the unyielding bite of this monochromatic abyss. Apparently, this intervention did the trick and became something of a seasonal tradition in these parts. The showtent has since become a popular venue for up and coming ladies who were hoping to climb their way onto the main stages lining the famed Wigglesworth Mews of Baba City. 
There is also an odd gallery of antiquities from many a foreign land. The flock of opportunists, tradesmen and workers coming up this way generally show no interest in it. The wealthier wheeler-dealers might wander in whilst drunk now and again—sometimes with a woman on his arm or his mates after a few rounds of cards in the makeshift public house—but there is no getting past the imperious caretaker once he detects whisky on one’s breath. In actuality, there are few who find a place in this gallery though it is the only solidly built structure in an area that is otherwise rather transient and littered with moving tents occupied by restless tenants. The antiquities once belonged to a private collector who had been a Duke of some vanquished aristocratic family—one that fled rather when the peasants revolted. It has since been stocked with these items after being passed into the hands of a variety of art dealers, thieves and mercenary soldiers. Finally, a few of the pieces in this collection landed in the estate of a high-ranking military officer whose family had a great appreciation for art. At the time, there was a lot of vandalism and destruction of ritualistic or religious relics by strains of zealots—not the least of whom were among the swordsman of the Terashima-13 Sunshine Greeters, a loose assortments of criminals and fundamentalist knaves who took a certain delight in the destruction of a beauty that somehow spurned them. The military officer, upon retiring, made it his personal mission to rescue as many pieces as possible from the original collection and place them in a location where they were less likely to be molested by the devout dunderheads of the world. And so, this building is really a sanctuary that sits within a community that barely notices it. The caretaker, incidentally, is the officer’s former valet—now retired from his own station and performing his duties here for no fee, but out of sheer admiration for his employer who has preserved these precious antiquities. 
There stands now a rather tall, stately woman visible through the glass display case containing the wooden figurine of a Bald-headed Nega-Tor. It is not the first time one has seen her. There were other times on previous visits to his area when she was briefly visible across the room in the public house or seen amidst the evening snow drifts approaching the showtent in her heavy fur coat. One can only assume her to be an actress then—but no, she carries a different sensibility about her. There is a poise, most certainly, but also a rather cerebral quality to her. An academic? Now, she is speaking and laughing with some other man, who is about the same age. There is an admirable confidence and eloquence in the words she speaks—one cannot even hear them clearly from this distance, but it can be seen in the face of the man, in his reflection upon the glass case actually, his eyes blinking uncertainly as though he is simultaneous drawn in and struggling to keep up with what she is saying. Her tone is elegant and her enunciation gentle, but dynamic. His eyes dart over and he says something to her, and she momentarily peeks over before turning back to him effortlessly, presumably realizing that there is nothing interesting to look at over in this direction. 
It is easy to get caught up in a certain gravity around these antiquities. There is an urgent pull to them—a need to be recognized. They carry with them the passions of the hands that shaped them. Upon closing one’s eyes on a solitary bench, one might feel this energy passing through of restless spirits from civilizations long gone, seeking a context, but finding only the tired reformulations of thereafter. They wish to be known in their purest state; and yet, they are horribly misunderstood, and this very misunderstanding is put on display for all to see. Next to each painting and sculpture and clay pot, hanging above the skeleton of each Ethereal Scapegoat is a plaque. Written on this plaque is a set of dates and a paragraph written by an art historian who has been asked to lend succinct context to the piece in this pantheon of iconography. And yet, each plaque does not stand in its own moment, but is rather oddly explained to capture the interests of broader and less informed audiences. They are connected by inexact and abbreviated timelines; the meaning of certain images are misconstrued and give bizarre meanings to the work; paintings of glum aristocrats are imbued with a false glory that accounted poorly for their quiet and bored desperation. 
If one is sensitive enough, one can perceive the howls of injustice. Why have these pieces been placed so haphazardly and in peculiar juxtapositions? Why have they been contextualized in such a manner? There are sarcophagi in the basement area that one might be rather fearful to visit. The echoes in here are soul penetrating. One can feel the buzz in one’s chest, the palling of a sacred bell in the distance as though there is a summoner waiting somewhere on the horizon for all to be set right. He wears a hood perhaps and stands waiting for one to voice some promise of the forthcoming correction, but where does one begin? Clearly all of this is wrong, but most here will not think so. The footsteps walk by and take it in and think it all to be rather natural, when in fact—“Excuse me.” In fact, it is an appalling construction. These works are better off having been destroyed than robbed of their appropriate context. They are very much now like animals in captivity—browbeaten and humiliated and having lost the will to continue on with this horrible farce of existence. And what an insight that—“Excuse me!”
She is standing there. “I apologize if I am interrupting you. I noticed you earlier in the next room and thought you might be lost.” Is this happening? How does one answer that question? “I’m sorry. Never mind. You just looked unwell a moment ago, and I thought you needed help. In these temperatures…” she pauses, “Well, anyway, forget I said anything. I am sorry to have bothered you.”
She is sorry to have caused a bother. Don’t let her get away! There is dialogue, but it is strained. It is difficult to know how much to say without saying too much. “To be honest,” she says after some time, “my friend noticed you earlier and he was asking if you were the one I was talking about. I’ve seen you around here. You always have this look on your face as though you are Elsewhere, and I cannot help but wonder what indeed it is you are seeing.” There is no good answer to that, but it would be rude to say so. She has been so polite, thus far. And yet, in attempting to manifest some polite response, she looks perplexed as if immediately detecting a lie. Perhaps this was a poor idea. Anyway, she seemed so full of questions and yet seemed to be offering nothing herself. Bringing this to her attention prompts a laugh. “Well, I don’t often walk up to strange boys in museums and start interrogating them. What is there interesting to know about me?” she muses for a second, “As you can see, I can talk about the art in here endlessly, but when it comes to questions about me, I am at a loss as to where I might begin. I get the same feeling about you. There’s…” she stopped herself, but then spoke again, “There’s no need to be polite. We waste a lot of time lying because we assume others won’t understand. Don’t you think?” There was a pause. “What I’m saying is, there is no need to do that with me.” For some reason, her saying so is enough to earn some degree of trust. Up until now, there had been that sneaking suspicion that her male companion was putting her up to this for the sake of some malicious joke between the two of them. Now, there seems to be no doubt that she is speaking out of genuine intent. She has been standing there for a while now. Would it not be appropriate to invite her to sit? There is not much room, so she can take the seat. But no. “There’s no need to stand on ceremony, but that is sweet of you to offer.”
The conversation moves to the public house where there are many eyes peering in this direction. Do they know her? What are they looking at? “Don’t worry about them,” she says with an offhand tone and then adds, “This is all a poorly drawn sketch, isn’t it?” When asked for further explanation, she adds, “I mean this whole moment.” Her face vanishes for a moment as her forehead rests upon her elbow. She seems to have forgotten what she has just said, or perhaps does not feel it requires any further explanation. “There’s some work in an old lord’s manor up north I’ve been considering. Something that pays better and get us away from this cold.” The use of ‘us’ here is rather alarming—who is other person she means here? “So, I should probably tell you that I just walked out on my job. I worked there—the antiquities hall—as a personal assistant to the deputy caretaker. That was the gentleman you saw me speaking to earlier. Perhaps I should not have left, and I hope you do not think I used you as a reason to leave. It really did happen rather organically, didn’t it?” She is peculiar, this one. There was nothing organic about how all of this happened—it was she who made the approach, saying ‘excuse me’ not once, but twice. There is no explaining either why this rather attractive and intelligent woman had anything at all to say to one who was clearly her lesser. And now, this rather proactive denial of any intention to manipulate—how can one not see this as rather suspicious? It does not seem out of line to ask her to clarify in what way she sees any of this as having happened organically. “I mean your face through that display—I cannot explain it quite, but I could also see its reflection off of other surfaces in the room: from metal trays and mirrors and other glass displays. There it was, and in that moment, it struck me as an invitation. It was like I had been standing in a cramped and dark room and this door opened and some light peered inward. At first, I could see nothing, but soon my eyes adjusted, and I could see myself projected in a new moment external to the room. I-is this too much? Is what I am saying now too much? I am sorry if it is, but I can explain it no other way. It should be said that this is not being said to glorify you in any way—I still know nothing about you, but it was the way your face struck me in that moment. Odd and wondering—I could not imagine your caring about the mundane things the rest of us should have to care about. I had said that your eyes were looking ‘Elsewhere.’ I think that’s an accurate description. If we were both staring at clouds in the sky, I should like to know what precisely it was you were seeing. So, yes, I got taken in by the moment, and found myself following a path of inquiry. The strange thing is—and I hope you will not take it personally—I do not think that what drew me in related to you specifically, but rather the timing of your face in juxtaposition to whom I was and what I was thinking and experiencing at that frozen time. We might say it was a matter of chance that you became a catalyst in something neither of us completely understands. And so I am here—I was triggered in that moment by your face to come here and sit with you and be stared at by the strange men in the bar while we drink spirits and I bare my soul to you, even though I know nothing about you. On another day, my mind would likely have been distracted by some other matter, and I might not have noticed. Not to say that your face would have been less inviting—it is a nice face—but perhaps I would have taken it in differently, my view of it shaped by the recency of phenomena immediately preceding it. How are we to take this? Is it chance or nothing at all?” 
All of this is a lot to grasp, and frankly, it is getting more difficult to understand what she is saying with each sip that she takes. Another thing that does not help is the fact that her face is still buried in her elbow, and she is, more or less, speaking to the surface of the table. So, she is leaving this town? Is this where all of this is going? “I don’t know. All I know is that I have a sister up north, and she has written me about an old manor that needs some kitchen staff and groundskeepers and perhaps some field workers. Is it a manor or a plantation? It seems there’s been a terrible winter there and some of the lost souls have already been written off in the new fiscal year. So, there is a shortage going into the harvest, and perhaps a chance for something new there. This place has been getting rather stale. I never imagined so much dust in the tundra, but very little gets replaced, so we are surrounded by decaying and rusty things, rotting wood, dusty old machinery. And there is nothing much to do once work ends, and people keep mistaking me for a showgirl. Not that that’s a bad thing—I’ve an affinity for acting and have made quite a few friends among the traveling troupes that come this way. But as you can imagine, they only stay for so long. This is not a place that one can easily stay permanently. I’m not sure I’ve had a chance to ask you what’s brought you here. It appears this is not your first visit?” 
Suddenly, there’s a third person at the table. It’s an old dentist they have both encountered before who cannot seem to hold his liquor well, and who has a habit of talking closely, behaving aggressively and getting a little grabby with any adjacent females. Fortunately, today, he does not seem to have it in him to make the approach. His eyes are puffy and he looks a little fatigued, and so all he can do is rest his chin in his hands and listen closely as though sympathizing deeply with everything being said. He has, over the years, had to develop special skills at signaling that he understands how others are feeling—otherwise, how does anyone trust a man who is about to extract a tooth? It’s a habit of mind that he has practiced so frequently that this affectation reveals itself as an intrusion at rather inopportune moments. “Hmm…mmm…yes,” he says, “I understand what you are feeling.”
The summer has ended on the plantation and the kitchen maids carry baskets back and forth between the larder and the cellar. To be frank, the summer had outstayed its welcome, and the change in seasons was a long-awaited disruption from the frantic routines in that hot summer kitchen and out in the field where the workers grew rather irritable out of fatigue and dehydration. They are standing on the staircase that leads up from the servants’ quarters to the main gallery. Now, there is sufficient pause to rethink things. 
“It has been nice to be here together,” she says, “but I feel stifled by us always spending all our time with each other. I don’t have space to grow. You neither, right? Anyway, my sister feels we are not good for each other. Perhaps you need to make other friends—and I know the field workers are not an easy group to-“ There’s a pause here as she thinks about what she wants to say next. 
Her eyes are compassionate, but her words uncertain, “There is something rather…insulated about you. You seem far away even when you are here like you are wrapped in layers of yourself, and it is hard to get through. My sister noticed this as well. She thought, at first, that you were a bit aloof and snobby, but I think she sees now, like I do, that this is just how you are. And I’m not saying it’s a bad thing. It’s just that…it might be a little easier for you to connect with others if you opened up a bit.” In this area, there seems to be a strong pressure to be transparent about one’s feelings and to leave nothing unexpressed; and yet, to do so is rather exhausting. 
What indeed is left to curiosity and greater articulation if each momentary inkling is to be released into the atmosphere and never refined or processed? There are some who expect this—a person’s merit is determined by how well he gets along with complete strangers, and so this sacrament of interaction must grow extemporaneous and rather superficial. One cannot shape something in one’s mind before expressing it. And shame upon the ‘creepy killjoy‘ who should see to feel a deeper connection rather than engage in hollow pleasantries with those who prefer to stay on the surface of things. 
“Please, do not be angry. I told you that there was something special about you. That is what compelled me to follow you out of the gallery that day. I still feel that way. I still feel that you are special. It’s just that there are all these other people here that I am starting to get to know, and you are not interested in interacting with them. Every conversation must be about something meaningful. Every connection must bring you closer to some truth, or maybe you just want to display your superiority by being adamant about such things. My sister has said that your ego can be a little much. That is why she has been avoiding you. Now, you look hurt. That is not my intention at all. It’s just a lot of emotional labor to be around—OK, that probably did not sound quite the way I meant it.” 
She pulls up her bonnet and tousles at her hair, her eyes looking momentarily Elsewhere. “Perhaps, we both need to see what else is out there before expecting to connect immediately with everyone in our vicinity. I think there is more out there that we each need to explore. I am ready to leave this place, and perhaps you should be as well. I just do not think we ought to go in the same direction. We both have different things we must explore, and if we find each other again, so be it? If not, well, this has been something that shaped our future selves. Something meaningful all the same, no?” There is something to what she is saying. Perhaps, this is a good time to leave. Through the window beyond the landing of these wooden stairs, one can see the clouds arriving quickly from the east. The sun is now obscured, and the rains will come soon. One can almost imagine the vapors being released from the hot ground with each raindrop.
After a few months in Alpha City, those episodes on the plantation and upon the tundra start to feel prehistoric. Much has since been layered over by other interactions and newer dramas, some of which unfold over a short period of time, but which occupy a rather sizeable portion of one’s memory later on. There is a group of elderly men who sit upon the sea wall overlooking the cobbled boulevard. Their eyes trace the new high-rises that are priced too high to be occupied, and are therefore vacant. They watch the crisscrossing trams and slug-drawn taxis, the ladies in elegant dresses whose skirts match the stilted domes of feathery hats and bell-shaped parasols. There are gentlemen weaving in between these frilly lassies, some of whom match this level of refinement with slick blazers, tall hats and canes. And scurrying among them also are the less effete, who otherwise bear unwashed and dusty faces, speak in strange accents and dialects and who adorn themselves in the simple work overalls that have the nested purpose of claiming them as a worker of Factory A and of assigning them the social identity and reputation of a worker at said factory. 
The cobbled boulevard is more like an igneous steppe upon which the descendants of plains-dwellers stomp and bustle in every direction. The activity is overwhelming and the overarching with overlapping stories, rather compelling—if one took the time to listen, though none have this luxury except perhaps these elderly gents sitting upon the perimeter of this port city. These elders look upon a place unfamiliar to the ghost city in memories. Superimposed over bejeweled and spiraling high-rises are the thatched roofs of taverns and open-air fish markets and textile shops. This has always been a trading city and, because of it, no shortage of new traders and wares and spices cycling into turbines that keep the city going. Nevertheless, there is something about this new wealth that has brought about strange developments, like these empty high-rises, which almost seem intentionally to be for no one at all—a set of ineffectual peacock feathers to other cities with memorable skylines. 
To the southeast and the northwest are completely empty towns with new buildings, fully stocked shop fronts, but nary a citizen. There is apparently a 10-year plan to coax some of the people in the villages in the direction of these towns for work and send money back to their families. Nevertheless, something is out of alignment with what the elders seem to recognize of their city. Something has changed beyond articulation, or perhaps it is their age that has caused them to think so. To the new inhabitants, nothing seems out of place, though they are sometimes inclined to hear about it from an old-timer. 
Take, for example, what happens when one should happen to procure for oneself a discarded student ID from one of the elite universities in the city and masquerade across classrooms as a student at that school. First of all, there is no limit to the education one can abscond with by doing so; moreover, there seems to be no shortage of celebrity professors one suddenly has access to, who, despite being out of touch with the everyday person, finds a platform upon which he can grandstand about the plight of the Hidimban diaspora who had fled one kind of slavery for yet another, or about those who survived pogroms only to find a new kind of exclusion here, or about the decline in civic accountability due to the rise of intermediaries that outsource ownership over troubling affairs to the Ethereal Scapegoat. One must sit through these insufferable lectures by these self-important academics; yet, one cannot say that there is nothing useful being acquired in the process. There is an atmosphere to the classroom—if somewhat joyless—that yet sparks a kind of intellectual curiosity. There is more to explore and books to read that will allow one to dive deeper. When classmates ask for one’s name, it is important to use nicknames as much as possible so as not to be easily identified and rooted out as an imposter. What works very much to one’s benefit is the pervading sense of being an imposter. Everyone is filled with a certain shame and inadequacy. Some have taken shortcuts to get here, or had a seat in this class given to them, and so they do not feel they have earned it. It’s all a rather trivial question, as the idea of earning a place here is something of an illusion. There are false hurdles set before the aspiring members of this class and a heavy sense of importance imbued upon them once they overcome the hurdles and achieve their aspirations. Still, if one were to do away with the exclusivity of entrance, what would happen? It is reasonable to argue that there would be no net decrease in the capability of the students and that all who occupied these seats would rise to the level expected of them—assuming, of course, no prior inequities, which of course is a rather large assumption. 
The one thing that cannot be denied is how deeply special the members of this class feel. They are encouraged to explore notions and debate about them. There is the sense that one must read a little bit more just to be ready to have one’s ideas challenged, and this competition sparks growth. Is this what is happening? In the back corner of the class, there is a young lady who says nothing to the others, and who makes sketches about things not happening or being spoken of in this room. There is a level of detachment, but also self-regard, though not excessive, and one cannot help but wonder how it is she arrived here. Perhaps there is something that she knows or sees that is worth understanding more. However, one does not simply approach her, but little pieces come together of her in a studio apartment in a dodgy quarter of the city surrounded by her own artwork and writings. She is deep into exploration and does not have much time or interest in seeking a partner. Perhaps, this is right—this is, in many ways, a good way to be if one seeks to maintain a flexible and curious mind and to explore new possibilities. She is not stymied by ego and oneupmanship like the others in the classroom, and yet there is something markedly different about her sketching technique each day—something new introduced today that was absent yesterday, as though she is absorbing something new of her surroundings and experiences that changes her and her technique lastingly. 
There is a prominent desire to make a connection, but also one to leave her be for the sake of not contaminating her with external affection. Let her continue writing and designing, and let her decide whether or not this should be shared with the world—as to do so is undoubtedly a difficult and irrevocable decision. Nevertheless, it is difficult not to be moved by her even from this distance, and perhaps she will never know what impact she has—and if she does, one can only hope that this will not be seen as creepy. Perhaps, there is a different model of connection worth considering, wherein the internal engages fleetingly with the external. 
“You are from my class, young man, are you not?” a celebrated professor says this to his waiter at a café. “Yes, I remember your face. You are either on scholarship or an infiltrator. I gather from that face that you are the latter. No worries, son, I will not give you away. I admire your audacity actually. Have a seat. I will explain it to your manager later. What did you think about today’s lecture on the exclusion of Ubume children from education? I must confess that most of my colleagues do not care about this issue half as much as I do. And one can only imagine what Professor Makoko would have said were he in the room. I’ll not get into his ridiculous notions just now, but I don’t mind riling him up now and again when I spend what he thinks is a disproportionate amount of time on something he does not care about.” Beyond the enormous head of this bespectacled chatterbox is the window, which looks out onto a rainy street. All the storefronts opposite are shuttered and the former owners in front selling toothpicks and raisins and spring coils on blankets. On the street itself are throngs of indigent youth who live out in the floating slums of the Houseboat District, washing windows on passing carriages and asking for a bit of pocket change after having done so. There’s a streetside barber and a dentist who share a chair taken from an abandoned restaurant. They jokingly scold the young opportunists to stop crowding the streets and harassing their customers. The children laugh and sing and kick mud in response. There’s a great deal of optimism and the hope that tomorrow will be slightly better even if there’s only so much planning one can do. The celebrated academic’s senses take in these sights and he muses, “The corruption here. These poor children will never see the inside of a classroom. And here we are stuffing ourselves and wasting food—hypocrites that we are. It is not lost on me, young man, that many of you see me this way. And I will not deny the truth of it. An urchin like you might have squirmed his way into my class, but you cannot deny that you are still benefiting from the experience. I feel a sense a guilt, as must you, that we are brought to this situation by the social forces at play. However, the situation is what it is.” He takes a bite of his Mauled yams and a sip from his Egusi and returns to his subroutine, “But when we talk a little bit about Ubume child exclusion, we are speaking more specifically about the purported stigma of their origins, which I assure you is a rather infamous fallacy. There is talk that the Ubume are old crones of the forests who happen upon a passing traveler on a highway and burden him with an entrusted article they proclaim to be his baby. In confusion, he holds it for a moment only to realize that what he is holding is rather a sack of sugar with an appended rock where one should suspect a head would be. The old crone has, in that time, vanished in a fit of laughter. At least, so goes the tale, but we know these sugar sacks to indeed be sentient beings capable of determining their own paths in life. You look as though something of this strikes you as familiar. If you are interested, I need someone to dive a bit into the census data we have on Ubume populations in the Northern Lands—that’s the region from which most of them migrate here. There’s been a surge in Ubume children in the floating slums in recent years. Some just think they are rocks, but they are actual children with hopes and dreams that cannot be ignored! Sad really. A bit of a reminder, isn’t it? We are rather fortunate by comparison—not to say that they exist only to remind us so. No matter what one’s situation is, he must be grateful for what he has. OK—fine, God, I’ll believe in You if I must!” He snickers to himself as he says this, “Young man, you look like you must be rather new to this area, but I can tell you that Alpha City was quite a different place before you were born. The demographics have changed significantly with more migrants coming in from the villages and sending money home. There’s also been a rather significant uptick in elaborate architecture by big-name designers like Claudi-bo-bo and Marmar Ramram, but as you can see, there are not many tenants out on those streets who can afford it. They get displaced and those empty, extraordinary monuments with Flying Crescents and Dimpled Spires will likely become hotels and casinos for foreign travelers. I imagine some pockets got lined along the way too.” 
He sighs and snickers as though these are the only two things he is capable of doing. By night, this city becomes something else, and one gets the feeling that one is no longer in the anodyne predictability of the crowd, but rather in the middle of the jungle again with all types of vicious predators about who are resting quietly on their haunches. There are shadows moving and shadows watching, and the banking cathedrals and clock towers and monuments of day become mere lanterns by whose light one looks yet to a past unresolved. Has one taken the right steps? Is this the right place? One never feels quite right, quite settled in this state, and everything seems all the more an improvisation by night than it does in the routines of day when one’s senses are dizzied and distracted by the comings and goings of others. In this café, this feeling of uncertainty is distant. 
“Have a bite, my boy,” the celebrated professor motions now with charity, “You are far too skinny for your own good. Eat! Eat! ‘To gain gravitas, one must first amass himself.’ Like that one? How about this: ‘If one is to be taken seriously, he must have a belly similar in proportion to my own.’ I wish I could proclaim those two phrases to be my own, but actually they are attributable to that one gentleman—you know, the one that people quote all the time. Anyway, you must certainly consume what is placed in front of you, unless you have no desire to be taken seriously—in which case you are fine as you are. I don’t understand it, but some people are like that. They would rather waste their potential than become an egoist like me who cares only for recognition!” 
The professor laughed somewhat sourly as he spooned three more generous helpings of Mauled Yams onto his own plate and licked his lips. “Eat well, young man. Our lives are defined, above all else, by our appetites.”

*  *  *

“Eat, you sickly child! Eat!” the mother throws up her hands, “The boy will simply not eat what’s put in front of him.” 
The father nods in assent, but says nothing more. His eyes say enough. There’s a bit of muttering around the table about the general decline in decency. Children used to listen to their elders. What has made this younger generation so sullenly defiant? There’s a rather troubling pattern of these children being willful, and perhaps it is attributable to their having been uprooted from their motherland. In Vasalla, the children respect the traditions: there is no confusion over who or what they are, much less what their duty should be. Here in Bahlia, the messages are conflicting. The impudent children take influence from their backward parents, who are themselves a rowdy and undisciplined bunch. The original settlers of this town were deserters from the roving armies of Nyanko-13. They were thieves and scoundrels and wastrels who sought their own private fortunes, but landed only in the mediocrity of the Bahlian sludge. There is sufficient historical account to prove it. They did not have the tenacity or discipline to venture further through, what at the time was rather challenging: the blue marshes and underground forests and bouncing deserts. Only the hardiest and most resilient made it as far as the frontier that went on to become Vasalla, and they were enriched in different ways than their otherwise mediocre compatriots. There were the spices and the wines and the music and the academic traditions and the thriving spiritual life and the pioneering will of the Vasallan leadership. And so, to leave there for this backwater, where everyone was rude and dimwitted—it seemed a rather foolish notion. Whose idea was that anyway? 
There are some who take umbrage at this, for Bahlia has been a rather good home, and those elders who have been brought over to this place in order to live in the homes of their children seem to complain only because they are no longer in a situation in their immediate control. It is an adaptation, to be sure, for Bahlia’s proximity to other Republic strongholds have given it over more significantly to its cultural and social influence. The demographics and the feel of the town have, thusly, changed rather markedly. The younger generation have not noted the severity of this change as much as the elders, because it is impossible for them to register just how much longstanding consistency has been overturned without having experienced it themselves. There were decades, to be sure, in which Bahlia is said to have experienced no great change at all. It is only in these last 5 or 6 years that there has been significant technological, economic, social and cultural change. And it seemed that there was little recourse but to adapt quickly or be left behind—those who did not are struggling now financially. To the credit of this family, all the parents in this room have done their bit to keep themselves and their clan up to the level of the status quo. This sometimes meant abandoning what used to be lucrative trades to adopt other nascent ones. It meant trading one’s assets wisely, buying new equipment, learning new skills—of course there were technical, clerical and industrial needs never before anticipated. Much has changed certainly, and it would be silly to say that a wrong move had initially been made in coming here for one never truly knows what the counterfactual self would have experienced had there been no migration. All that makes sense is to say that one is here in this place, for better or worse, and that one has made the best decisions one can for the benefit of one’s own. Therefore, one should not overlook all there is to appreciate. And neither should one’s children, because they will never truly understand how much has been sacrificed for the sake of the relative comfort they enjoy now. There are knowing looks being passed around the table. One should be grateful for what one has. There is a debt to the sacrifice of elders that can only be repaid in obligation and in attention to one’s familial duties, which translates most certainly to a respect for their guidance. One should eat when one is told and what one is told to eat. One should seek to reciprocate all that has been done on one’s behalf if one is to purport himself as having any integrity. 
But then, is there a prominent end to these transactions of obligation? At what point can one seek one’s own way without provoking stern disapproval for straying too far from the path? 
Perhaps never. 
Look at these elders around the table sneering with distaste at the putrid Bahlian-grown vegetables before them. Even if someone secretly replaced them with Vasallan imports, they would still turn their nose up, because their minds had already been poisoned by the betrayal engendered by this migration away from the known and expected. 
“There is no pleasing everyone,” a swine-like voice from beyond the window says, “And even if one manages to do it, what then? Would that make everything better, make all as it should be? The walls and the windows are here, but no one person is chained to his chair. Let us unburden ourselves of these false obstacles. On to the EverToward, my lad. If one is to seek connection, he must venture first to separation!”
Connection


“Take care of yourself,” there is a certain finality in how this is said that is different from other instances in which farewells have been fleeting. This is something rather separate, and there is a wrench of pain in one’s chest, a tear one must suppress for fear of encumbering others with the sorrow and shame one feels in leaning forward and snapping eye-tethers from one’s back. Will there ever be a time when this feels like a good idea? Perhaps not, and so it may very well be that the sensible thing to do is lean in further.
What seems to sting most is that one can never have this time back, can never achieve a proportionate balance against those experiences enjoyed by the hypothetical self that would otherwise have stayed behind and satisfied the longings of those tethered eyes. And yet, to forgo movement out of the fear of this loss seems also wasteful and without cause. There are some who will make hostile threats—loving elders, whose authority can scarcely be gainsaid, that will make tearful proclamations like, “Then, we shall never meet again!” They will say this to shock the Leaver into viewing his act of departure as a self-centered betrayal that only serves to inflict unwarranted trepidation and agony upon those who will miss him. It is a rather heartbreaking thing to hear, and one can only wish that no others would ever have to hear something like this lest they should lose confidence in their capacity at self-direction. Still, there are more objectionable approaches to dissuading a Leaver—methods more distressing, albeit unintentionally so. A well-meaning relative might gossip about the arrogance or hubris of certain unspecified others who have acted too hastily rather than with temperance and who are now experiencing the hardened consequences of their obstinacy. And, of course, this will only exacerbate one’s misgivings and, most certainly, one’s shame. Even if such statements are infused with immeasurable criticism, however, they are also expressed out of sadness for all this time together that has gone by unappreciated, for all these blessings and exquisite wonders that one has not sufficiently recognized in the moment. Mostly it is being articulated out of a similar guilt and self-remonstration. ‘Why should he seek to depart? Is it really so bad here?’ And, of course, these are reasonable questions to ask, and the torment felt by the individual to whom they would be directed should parallel that of those who might ask them. It is easy to feel a sense of ‘abandonment’ even by those who bear no such intention. Yet, this cannot serve as a reason to reverse one’s course. The will to inflict pain arises often out of a misplaced desire for empathy and so represents a rather pure gesture of affection. 
Notwithstanding this, there stands upon the horizon a new figure of self yet to be unfolded that one must also honor. All of this will be the same, but it will look and feel different upon one’s return—it is important to know this now. One can stand upon a ridge high above the valley, upon a formation of jutting rocks and look over the precipice of what one has known. Even in its multitude of permutations, all looks familiar: the mountains, the fields, the skies—all of it connected to one’s eyes as though by invisible threads. The idea of breaking free from them is now rather troubling. Do those threads have the tensility to endure the stretch of a journey? Will these specters of recognition remain immutable and intact and hitched to the undulating satchel through one’s peregrinations to yet unseen territories, or do these delicate snares snap, relegating these identities only to the wake, sequestered in their purity even from one’s keenest reminiscence? Irrespective of the case, one should assume there to be a reconstitution of both identifier and identified over this inexorable trek—the unyielding essence of each layered, nevertheless, by the sediment of accumulating circumstance until there exists an uncertainty when they meet again. The landscape of then is a petrified visage—the organic layers of tree barks are supplanted by crystalized molds of mineral simulacrum, grass stalks of ages ago have dried and yellowed, autumn blossoms breathe new scents unaware of previous aromas whose places they now occupy, ambling figures have crumbled to bone whistles stacked in cylinders in muted sarcophagi with their predecessors. Faces meet landscapes—there is a vague recognition between the overlapping partners, an attempt at translation to identify elements once apprehended, but inevitably no solution is available in the moment that can bridge pristine artifacts with reconfigured forms.
Filling each valley with a heel and clutching each peak with its arches is a trudging and traversing colossus, leaving seismic imprints upon the highlands and gaining in mass only with each step whilst bearing in his cupped and calloused hands the guileless childlike trinkets and fancies from before these encumbering strides of accretion when he was yet as diminutive and ephemeral and modest as a gnat. He portends a rather formidable distraction—for there is no such mythic beast, but rather a mirage woven of expectation serving only to obfuscate. His restless gaze fashions impractical horizons, eyes circling its perimeter like a scanning satellite infusing possibility with generous fancy. There is growth to be experienced with every hindrance, and so an optimistic affection for burden—it gazes with buoyancy through every spiraling lens it encounters like insect swarms at a swamp junction, each midge a branching point to a new juxtaposition of self previously unimagined. Through one shimmering lens stands a hunching figure in a shadowy wood—a grizzled crone belching profanities at her coven with internecine delight. The roots grab at her ankles and consume her to consume things she does not desire—insipid legumes and bland nuts and boring spiders. There were better things before this, she remembers bitterly, moments when days stretched ahead with ceaseless possibility. There was absorption in that rapture of the moment, but then a rather stark set of disappointments and worries propelling awareness down darkened and twisting corridors with doorways marked both by regret and fear of misfortune. There is a mirror at the end of one that projects the hollow light of moments ago, in whose reflection it is difficult not to catch a glimpse of something haggard and wizened and rather unrecognizable from how one had once known oneself. She sighs forlornly with her feet below fallen leaves, brushing without caution over the surface of unseen terrain, displacing pebbles and buds, uprooting moss.
An emergent sprout might find itself stretched and warped to splintering out of the internal pressures catalyzed by external conditions. It might know phantom limbs leaning toward its worst inclinations, perhaps even masquerading under different names. The crackling of bark and bristle, the splitting of identity to adjust to the force of winds and heavy snows—dendrites laden with the falling muck of branches above—give it over to a rather fierce detangling from the predefined monolith of essence. There is a loss and liberation that accompanies this detachment—an undoing of intuitive knots releasing a plume of liminal residue, which, once inhaled, plunges the awareness through new membranes bubbling with doubt. Questions emerge: what if all the data in the universe imbued this sprout with a singular identity, whilst simultaneously concealing from it the conceivability of its value as a function of some unseen and unknowable vector? This is not a profane supposition, and there is no way to lean into phototropistic approximations without due consternation over the disparity in luminosities both past and present—each equivalently skewed from and incongruous to those alignments both cherished and adopted. 
 
*  *  *

There are corridors upon corridors and mirrors upon corridors reflected by mirrors in endless mirrored corridors that project stories of microsecond-long moments from the past now exhausted to obsolescence—a temporal analyst might hazard to use these middling historical data to train and test a series of corridor models circumscribing these circumcentric labyrinths, which themselves have not yet been fully traversed. One of these synthesized corridors contains but one door opening to a darkened street. The reflection of lanterns upon the drenched avenue conceals edges and surfaces until one can only make out the oppressive orbs against the gray of negative space and the pitch of material substance. 
There are parallel sets of steps and railings adorning what appears to be a building with a multitude of doors, though it seems unnecessary to attempt to separate out the variegated mien of these objects against the dichotomous foci of Light and Dark. The name of the doctor recommended is a Marblesod or a Marblesmith—it is difficult to remember which. The two doors are side by side and have leading up to them two identical sets of stairs and railings of such excessive steely curl that the ascending patient would only be left perplexed and paralyzed amidst the pattering drops upon the pavement. By the dim light of rainy eve, there is no making out the difference in signs. They almost appear to say the same thing, and the flickering of the lanterns above apparently only lend to each door a rather shifting impermanence. Soon, it will not matter which was which, or if one was a dentist and another a tree doctor—at the moment, they have been assigned the same value and an equivalent honorific which should bestow upon them the requisite expertise to attend to any patient in their charge, even if said patient is a Lurching Larch whose Incontinent Beetle infestation is mistaken for an abscess of the Barky Molar. It is best to choose at least one door if not both and sit in the waiting room with all of the other ridiculous sprouts waiting for their numbers to be called. 
Although it may not seem so, there is an efficiency to waiting, an exactitude to one’s scrutiny of uncertain time. How much is the right amount to wait? Even if one knows there to be an expected value, there are likely to be deviations. Assurances are made by the moose at the front desk, but it is difficult to know whether these are to be trusted. The incentives to deceive in such a case are an unknown, but one must nevertheless deem them a constant—there is no reason to lie, but also no pressure to tell the truth. It is difficult to know even if this moose is affiliated with this waiting room or answering the question that one expects him to be answering. Perhaps, this moose is responding to prompts in the middle of a conversation in another reality that he is inadvertently straddling. It is difficult to know precisely what is happening in this other place to which one has no access, but it would still serve to explain why the strange beast seems to defecate profusely without excusing himself. Perhaps, he thinks he is safely away in the toilet, when in fact he is, quite oppositely so, attending to polite company in the waiting room of this night clinic. At the same time, it would be wrong to assume that he has been trained in the social niceties and, furthermore, that he is not himself a patient around whom the desk has been built out of sheer (albeit somewhat ineffectual) concern for his dignity. Thus, it is best forget the moose, and he will surely return the favor. 
The doctor, once he deigns to see his patient, has an unhealthy fixation with mikans and seems utterly convinced that everyone who enters the examination room shares the same affliction: that of slowly and unwittingly transforming into a mikan. Such a thing has been known to happen overnight—this is something he will maintain in exasperated tones. He will also complain about thieving servants who abscond with mikan boys from fruit platters in kitchens and dining rooms and who surreptitiously consume them without ever quite knowing the soul they have unwittingly digested and excreted. He says there is no cure for such a thing and that one should only exercise caution in his hiring decision when it comes to household workers. He’s had a few thievers in his day, and it was indeed an unpleasant experience! He sits with the tips of his toes touching the checkered tiles below him, and he tilts his chair back with his twitching palms squarely cupping his kneecaps—the fidgets seem to get worse when he notices that there are fruit flies in the room as well. He does not like the fact of their living such short lives—he has a deep-seated fear of mortality, and so it is worth arguing that he has made a poor choice of professions, but then again, who can name a physician that would be immune to this fear? Still, he works himself into hysterics at the thought that his examination room and he himself have been held as a constant by generations of these mites who have perhaps taken this place as their encompassing standard for all the properties that they ascribe to their microuniverses. They are unaware of the defecating moose in the other room—a fact that the doctor, quite rightly so, finds deeply troubling! The doctor is somewhat aware of the perversions he has orchestrated by maintaining this night clinic, albeit not sufficiently so that he has sought to close it. In fact, he has only endeavored to create even more dizzying conditions—for patients and fruit flies both! Some in the waiting room had whispered of his secret grudge against the office next door—had it been the tree doctor or the dentist, the Marblesod or the Marblesmith? Again, it does not matter! Both are equipped with metallic pokers, which they use perhaps in the wrong way, or otherwise with the specific intention of inflicting pain. None in the waiting room seem to have many details other than this about the other bloke, which has caused some to hypothesize that the waiting room there is completely identical to the one here save for the fact that it is precisely one microsecond ahead and that this one here is merely the mirror reflected image. It is strange, but also rather decent, that these theoreticians have endeavored to call themselves reflections rather than the objects being reflected as though to give suitable deference to this alternate reality that is conceivably—and most likely—rather better than this specific one. There is, in fact, a mirror on the wall of this particular waiting room that some say is not a mirror at all, but rather a monitor displaying a time-lagged broadcast of the original that this duplicate endeavors to reflect. Or maybe it is just a mirror. Still, there are some who are possessed with a similar fear of mortality to that of the doctor who maintain that they would like to maximize the number of reflective surfaces in the room so as to retain into perpetuity—assuming an infinite number of likenesses—that preserved form of self before irrigated soils degrade to barren husks.
Eventually, one must leave the incandescent brightness of the night clinic again and confront the relentless pavement and the wanting silhouettes of the littered streets. The brisk air smarts and the needles at one’s cheek are sufficient to pucker the mouth inward until the tongue curls with alarm and touches the roof like a recoiling viper. The rain intensifies, and one is compelled to remember that this moment is merely a collision of possibilities and that there simply must be other permutations beyond immediate perception that are Elsewhere to be realized.
 
*  *  *

Between concentric pavement ripples glide errant echoes originating from beyond the Puddled Metropolis. Windowless blocks and pickle-shaped monuments demarcate the boundaries of patternistic cycles from those wilds kissed neither by starlight nor moonlight. Lethal underbrush of razor-like excrescence pierces at the skins of night, crawls with hyperactive sprouts and verminous vines that howl with contempt for the wicked fortunes of Marshland Organizers armed with scythes and hoes and flaming torches who have only succeeded in crafting their own folly where once stood something of glorious and generous integrity. There are familiar whispers under leaves perched upon by flapping moths. They implore the spirit again to heed the warnings of the vines and to not be swayed by the hubris of these organizing opportunists. One is to stop moving at frantic zigzags through gridlocked streets, stop climbing ladders altogether, stop relying on drainage pipes where floods should prevail, stop tapping one’s feet in waiting rooms expecting to be seen and examined and acknowledged. Rather, one is to eschew unseemly fabrications and conceal oneself beneath the surface of leaves—perhaps even inside the droplets of dew—one is, after all, to feel shameful of the form, of all forms, and seek instead to merge with whispers which do not shun or excoriate, for they are otherwise occupied in the act of designating meaning. Yet, what meaning stands beyond the rectitude of angles and symmetry, but rather in wilds among agitated insects and resplendent bogs and malicious spiders and rippling mosses pronouncing doom upon their surroundings? One is said to find only the same degree of opportunism, and nothing greatly edifying that could serve to extend beyond the banalities of self-preservation. But no, surely there is something more than this—there absolutely must be something more, and it is to be found! Forget what is said about ‘opportunism’—this is just a word and, thusly, a distraction. The key issue is that there are many such campaigns of contrivance mounted by the taxonomic self-interest of categories and frameworks ‘who’ only seek primacy and authority over their consumers. The ascription of ‘this’ may thusly be ascribed also with that of ‘this other’ and so it cannot be ‘that precisely’ because ‘this’ contradicts another ‘that other’ with which ‘this other’ surely claims affiliation. Certainly, in view of such limiting factors, there is a frustration that one is bound to feel that the answers available are constrained and formulaic and insufficient and that one is simply to accept the way of things as though they are defined by the highest of mathematics and do not beget anything higher. One is, thusly, to cease in one’s quest for unexplored possibility. The lines have been drawn, the contradictions defined and so one cannot expect to go very far with these mathematical rules and boundaries in place. There are ways out: one might assume the value of an imaginary unit and bounce out of any restrictive quadrant as with the errant echoes against the rippling pavement of this Puddled Metropolis. One will then experience something akin to a bounding and rebounding leap—iterative, but with all subleaps constituting a more sweeping trajectory—outward to other landscapes and null landscapes, inward through corridors and toward the centroid of circumcentric chamber clusters, into crevices and trenches between paradigms and over those mountain peaks of abstruse calculation. 
There are, among one’s most generative extrapolations of trajectory, instances of exceptional beauty—or rather, instances of perception of exception to unexceptional beauty. And one loses therein a sense of time because a prediction of ‘now’ is interleaved rather often with those models of ‘then’ and ‘thereafter.’ Thus, we have these outlier instances in which purpose appears firmly rooted in ‘Something’; yet, so abbreviated are these that one is often left inexorably with the trauma of thinking of them as flukes, mere flashes of faulty wiring that have managed somehow to manifest a resemblance to a Something rather ‘spiritual’ in both flavor and texture; it is only natural for a kind of discomfiture to emerge out of this realization for this sidereal specter has passed all too quickly and with much of its purported grandeur now sinking with absurd melodrama into that cosmic abyss scraped by its wake, thitherto descending into nebulous depths and evading any hope of recapture and restoration. There are, in other words, these momentous waves of probabilistic ‘Something’ which curl in void and crash to a convergence of semblance and are soon thereafter to be strewn into fathomless Nihility. 
Hanging in the halls of cavernous museums, where the grand explorers and conquistadors of the Republic have stocked all the loot of their mission-driven ventures, are the faces of weeping women and dead peasants at the end of a quashed Something: all of them, encased in hardened clay or porcelain, if not splattered with oil pigment and flattened to two-dimensions, frozen in time and petrified in that withered moment at which their protests had fallen silent and their hopes relegated to yesterday’s forgotten dream. The context is lost as with the significance of their emotions—all of it has passed far too quickly and is, even now, observed with exquisite vapidity for a trifling second and not understood very well at all, even with the expository placard beneath it. It is granted perusal for a blessed and singular ‘Now’ before beleaguered spectators slide their silken gazes Elsewhere. These validating eyes fall next upon a stony-faced nude man, who has shed himself of all vulnerability and stretched his arms and legs as far as they will go; and yet, he stands in front of a firing squad in that last moment of defiance with eyes that slice into their sense of duty so deeply as to produce a quiver in their trigger fingers. In a moment, his intentions are transformed into gunfire whose echoes merge with others over iterative and fading resonations. It is a disconcerting thought and one feels nevertheless a kind of connection to this anonymized spectacle, and as a gallerist dives into the uncertainties in meaning behind the subject’s poise and posture and comportment at this nexus of momentous significance, one’s eyes move promptly away and find another set of eyes from across the crowd of spectators spurning the spectacle in favor of new and heretofore unrealized connection. Whose eyes are these? What is this need for connection? Why search as though something is missing? In this case, it is merely a curious-looking fawn that wishes to explore this open door, or perhaps another, into the consciousness. A connection is made momentarily, but then a kind of diffidence and discomfort begins to set in. Possibility and reality have no fusion here, and so these unrequited eyes look away to a sculpture of a tiny child dancer. The statue proffers a generous distraction from the shame of doors unopened: there is a kind of uncertain yet hopeful glow of a star atop the neck of this poised princess. There beams a rather sweet and delicate anticipation of things to come in spite of her lack of skill, a delicate luminosity in her being that has not yet been extinguished, and this appeals somehow to the stale bread casting hardened glances upon the framed, captured moments. Behind this sculpture and along the walls of the surrounding gallery are portraits of moneyed libertines and degenerate socialites from centuries earlier with hands that are proportioned oddly and whose lines seem contrived—artificial, to say the least: why indeed does the hand experience such difficulty in rendering itself? The fingers and palms, in such hyperreal superimpositions, look simultaneously cruel and farcical, albeit not by intention, but by sheer inadequacy of the brushstroke and the hand guiding the creation of the hand. It is a tragedy, or perhaps a boon, that the form should never know itself or approach anything resembling itself without warping the parameters of its being. Awareness is thusly obliteration and through reproduction of this intuitive knowing, the self is contaminated, and thereby annihilated. There is a loud-breathing animal that bumps the elbow of the rendering arm from behind. The creature whispers: “From what does abstract essence abstract information abstracted thenceforth into bundled meaning?” There is the amorphous essence importing raw information in finite batches, imputing subjective values, generating features by which they can be understood, reducing the dimensionality of diverse entities and connecting them into a model of contiguous reason. 
Where does this exploration originate, and why should it matter?
 
*  *  *

In silent concrete chambers, surrounded by archived stacks of rosin paper tacky with the captive word-ants of centuries and millennia prior, sits an archivist who has locked herself away from the distractions of the outside, seeking affinity instead with the interstitial gaps between fields of finite matter. She digs connective tunnels under the library that probe outward in the hope of interfacing with other tunnels reaching inward from beneath other semioplasmic repositories. 
She has presumed some degree of internal validity in her explorations and now hopes to burrow outward beyond the range of this authoritative sample for the sake of achieving external corroboration. For the most part, however, this intrepid archivist is disappointed, and she is taunted often by portraits of her predecessors adorning the hexagonal chamber node from where her subterranean tunnels have extended. There are faces of other mystics and recluses and zealots projecting from the six sides between rosin paper stacks, all having sought liberation through solitude in order to seek deeper connection and all of whose sullen glances now stand as grim omens for what is to come once one seeks to authenticate one’s findings. 
There is that especially horrific image of the Feral Jester occupying the same chair as hers from more than a couple lifetimes ago. With a hint of irony perhaps, he has adorned the simple chair with elaborate skulls and florid chains and poison-tipped spikes—though these decorations have since crumbled, or otherwise melted, away. He sits with a stack of seven crowns upon his grinning block-shaped head and his charred, unshorn talons project from beneath a heap of lustrous medallions and priceless jewels—again, an affectation that has since dissolved. It is said that the chamber used to merely be a singular vault and nothing more and perhaps locked away in such a thing, these sorts of avaricious eccentricities had justifiable articulation. Now, however, the chamber is more like a hived network of hexagonal nodes, vast and full of more recent volumes—thus, it seems too solemn and cavernous a place for such idle tommyrot. In spite of his sardonic hebetude, this Feral Jester pores diligently—albeit comedically—over transcripts by lantern light and seems to scoff at the very notion of verification. Or, perhaps he feels vindicated by some accreditation that he has just achieved and is in a moment of exultant delirium. Else, he is mocking that very desire for vindication through a rather mindful, albeit sarcastic, cock-a-hoop. Whatever the case, every time one looks upon that droll countenance, his cryptic expression remains the same, but drifts somewhat aslant as though denoting a shifting intention. Is there something definitively yaw ways about the picture, or is it the observer who has grown misshapen? Perhaps the answer lies in the context and the conditions. The archivist of now looks about the chamber of chambers with its flickering lanterns and askant starlight from ceiling windows: could it be a change in the angle and traversal of flickering light catching the object—or should it be something more dramatic, perhaps even a change in the essence, albeit not the material, of the object itself? What the picture had been previously has now been overwritten by the catawampus of today and so that phlegm of yesterday’s sentiment should come to strike one as immediately foolish—hacked conceivably out of the observations and ruminations of a more juvenile self. 
Is all of this happening, or is this merely a life caught in the runaway imagination of one who hopes it may happen? Is present existence merely the shaping of that past fancy? 
Perhaps it is so, or perhaps it is not. 
 
*  *  *

The more compelling question is why all of this should be said to have any significance, and what separates this specific significance from any arbitrary other which could be granted equal weight and could be imbued similarly with unimpeachable regard. From behind one stack in an adjacent node comes the response of a concealed father—or it is a mother? Whatever it is, the authority has been deindividuated and stripped of all role affiliation. The unassailable progenitors have a mixed presence, and so does this archivist—is ‘she’ a ‘he’ or ‘she’ unequivocally a ‘she?’ 
Anyway, they are always ‘here,’ but never quite available with voices that are many and overlapping and emerging somehow from the Elsewhere and speaking often of the EverToward, “There is a sense of play at the start of every movement toward ontological favor,” They say, “At the precipice of paradigmatic revolution little toddler heads turn up toward parading and clapping and laughing and chanting throngs of elders in streets holding banners and liquor bottles and swords and speaking of something greater for the collective and caterwauling drunkenly about some enticing concoction called Justice. Soft perceptions are molded at the spectacle of adults jittering and cavorting and yipping and crooning in ambrosial constructivist harmony: there will be a ‘Later’ when the words of their anthems are to be understood, and at which time it should become more like torment than play, and by which time bellies will have convulsed at years of bitter fruit, at mouthfuls that achieve full constitution but waning satisfaction.” How does one step away from this molding, wherein one’s life is defined by petty allegiances and plays at the ontological favor of the group? There is no way to step cleanly away from these prehistoric designations and groupings, for they have nurtured one’s epistemological strides and leanings and therefore remain inextricably braided with all new investigative threads.  
On achieving this realization, the archivist comes to remember her own youth on family excursions from her village into the nearby city where there was running water and streetcars that ran on wires and a vast estate upon a hill that overlooked the grounds of a factory and the veranda of that inscrutable white-bricked structure upon which the factory owner would sit in the mornings and take his tea and biscuits while watching the black froth emerging from his stacks. She remembered herself as a bored juvenile, constantly fatigued and giving her mother more trouble than she warranted. Had ‘she’ been a ‘she’ or otherwise ‘she’ a ‘he?’ Perhaps a ‘he,’ but ‘she’ is right now a ‘she’ and so can only envision this prehistoric self according to the catastrophe of now. 
Irrespective of this dichotomous retrospect, there was, more prominently, a kind of persistent harrumphing that endured relentlessly even when passing under the ornate garnishments of the vaulted arch ways that covered the whole of the public gardens surrounding the palace; the bristly grunts soon accorded to the rhythm of foot patter under the bold projections of cannons out of the face of the Imperial War Museum; reverberations of dread greeted the thick iron canyons with crisscrossing vultures with beaks neatly plucked of excess plumage, eyes enameled with colored plates, wearing cloaks that billowed at wind-swept walkways; drags of the foot peeled up splinters of boardwalk as they passed the gleaming azure postal bins that matched the skies into which glass arrows pointed. There was a moody wail throughout the districts of Orthochromatic Fashion, and the authority figures bore up with this because it was an apt expression of identity and a rejection of the futile ostentation purveyed by the other. And yet, one could stop griping for a second and stand among these sullen and aloof gazes, be ignored and dismissed by the pallid, gangly urban phantoms, and discover oneself anew, albeit not by some intermediary pathway of observation. Rather, one might find oneself in the act of creative manifestation and seek to roam the industrial districts. 
There is an unlikely figure of self that one envisions, perhaps for laughs, but also for texture: one of those passionless gray workmen in a drab gray workman’s dormitory, pulling a shift among the macho foreigners who chirp delightfully in garbled tongues about cocks and fannies across the conveyor belts. One could find oneself summoned to the foreman’s office in the steamy cold cellar and hemmed in by stacks filled with leafy records. 
Stacks—everywhere there are stacks! 
The foreman might have a tendency to pick at his nose and ears and the craters on his moon-like face rather frequently and would not seem terribly concerned with how this appears to others—so profound would he be in his liberation! Nevertheless, there will have been a series of protocols constraining even the whims of this languishing Id that oversees the workers; the foreman will have been ordered by an unnamed authority to ensure that his workers be educated in the common tongue, though he himself will never have spoken it much less professed any interest in doing so. And so, one could, soon thereafter, depart from the lewd cackling around the conveyor belt to find oneself placed upon a stool in the middle of the factory floor surrounded by concentric circles of slouching, bored workmen, and beyond these circles, yet more circles of untended equipment—chains and pulleys and vats of molten metal and anvils and vices and sharpeners and miles of belts all in stasis whilst the machinists sit and mechanically repeat hairy syllables and unsolicited rejoinders and steely expletives of greeting. They will take turns introducing themselves in this alien dialect until the whistle signals the hour. 
 
*  *  *

Looking back in the presumptive now, this was a trajectory never followed, or perhaps it had been followed in another reality. After all, had that hypothetical path been taken, the archivist might not be quite ‘here’ in the chamber, but in this middling Elsewhere. She might not be an archivist in the here and now. But was there a ‘here?’ Was there a ‘now?’ Was she still a ‘she?’ The persistent questions were tiring, and perhaps rather annoying.
To be sure, there were all these maddening permutations of what could be that were not to be ignored—possibilities that were still too many to consider to one’s satisfaction. Yet, there was also a stunning beauty to all of this that was so profound that one could not help but love every facet of every conceivability, whether realized or beyond reach. There was so much to capture even in stillness that was akin to grasping at grains of sand so fine as to elude the grip—it was all so intricate, so overwhelming and so rapid, and nothing ever ceased in its glorious transformation that it could be sufficiently arrested and processed and thoroughly acknowledged. But still, there was an exhilaration in being engrossed in the details that evaded capture and in being oneself ensconced in constant flux so as to surrender without recourse to what was to come. 
A train whistle blows and a new door is to open: the tracks have many junction points and no shortage of stopovers and destinations. Yet, there is no instance that ever becomes the destination, no circumstance the definitive possibility, and one, for that very fact, could scarcely help but be filled with a heartening love for all of creation, if, indeed, it could be called ‘creation’ and such a word held reasonable accuracy. The Moment, after all, was Always and thus there was no ‘before,’ no instance preceding the instance. There was no infinite regression of causality, no ‘hello’ or ‘goodbye’ and certainly no ‘take care of yourself’ that need wrench one’s heart. There was simply the EverToward: the shifting of Now and the reformulation of Then, wherein the form and essence engendered instantaneously a sculpting of arbitrary and historic juxtapositions—which, themselves, were composed of retroactively-shaped illusions. 
In spite of this, there still emerges a yearning for those prehistoric elements now faded, those characters for whom one has felt an affection and who nourished one’s growth and one’s formulations of what exists—if ‘exist’ indeed suffices as a descriptor. There is twinge of loss for what was, even if it has never been or has otherwise taken on new and ersatz constructions in mind. Notwithstanding this, one cannot help but perseverate upon the hypothetical stories of a speculative childhood that presumably nurtured imagination, the scoldings that established assumptive boundary, the conjectural sacrifices that ostensibly granted sustenance. So much of one’s respiration had been populated of this air and of this interplay of actors and elements. And yet, one’s breath cycles ceaselessly through many phases on a given day. In the morning, it is yet purging itself of that mythspell of yesterday; by afternoon, it consumes the horsefeathers of new dynamics, halted again by that which passes by too fast and which can never be frozen; as evening descends, it grows slow and pensive, sometimes coughing up senescent horsefeathers and fatigued by the persistent irregularities introduced by the day itself. 
There are the crushed leaves beneath one’s feet in the woods as chaises pass and threads of encapsulated voices layer together into a strain of meaning. The night invites a rather thorough examination of the spaces between such threads. On walkabout, it is difficult not to encounter gaping inconsistencies of desires hollowed, of dreams vanquished to deprivation in the lanterned alleyways and to reflect on how this may very well be the purest condition of existence that one might endeavor to consider. Deprivation is, in this very sense, rather enlightening, and so one can no longer allow oneself to be distracted by these affinities magnetizing identity. One should seek to deprive oneself, and by this deprivation, to subsist and lay bare the rudiments of meaning. And what if there were no rudiments, no wisdom to be found? Look to the untouchables of the alleyways who have been deprived through no choice of their own but who have rather been forced to deprivation. They have found no greater meaning, and perhaps are as akin to seeking gratification as any endowed with the wherewithal of comfort—and perhaps with greater urgency where opportunities are fleeting. But what if deprivation should be a conscious act—is it ill-conceived and perhaps an injustice to those who would otherwise have no such choice, who are deprived of luxury by circumstance and not by desire? And is the word ‘desire’ accurate—would the will to abnegate desire best be described as desire itself, as a kind of spiritual vanity? Of course, there is no way to avoid being a hypocrite, even when seeking to remove oneself from the falseness of this material existence. And perhaps, this attribution of ‘falseness’ is not sufficiently accurate as a descriptor either; yet, how else is it to be articulated if something of it seems inauthentic and insincere as though existence itself were mediated through codes and objects and structures that constrained the domain of possibility, or rather relegated the notion of free will as becoming a reaction to prompts and the construct of independent action as having emerged from latent subsets of choices that presented themselves according to the dynamic interplay of obligation, code, preservation and groupthink? 
Certainly, it would seem injudicious to demur from the acknowledgment of any other anathemata to the primacy of individual experience—’expectation’ is but one of these. There have been no shortage of rather disenchanted Varroa Viator mites who had initially looked very much forward to a holiday in a foreign bee colony, only to be met with severe disappointment. They would undoubtedly have heard of the fragrant air of Colony Hedychrum, of the stunning achievements in architecture of Colony Praesignis, of the valiant maneuvers undertaken by the worker regiments at Colony Illaudatus during the Battle of Odiosis in defense of their most regal queen. And yet, when they arrive with their Tour Swarm in these famed and revered locales, they are immediately overtaken by what is known as ‘Hive Syndrome’—a condition characterized by a grievous cognitive dissonance catalyzed to emergence through the rapid aggregation of thwarted expectations. For those afflicted, the nectar is never close to as divine as thought, but rather an insipid swill of oxalic acid that corrodes the tissue of the adventure-seeking tourist immediately upon exposure; the chambers are not fragrant like expected, but are rather permeated by the stench of excrement; these dank nodes and passageways also have Apian Graffiti scrawled all over their crumbling walls; the content of the graffiti itself would perhaps even hold a clue to the next source of disillusionment: the fact that the queen is far from beloved. This contempt is also evident in the poor posture and attitudes of the workers, who are not nearly as dutiful and jubilant as initially thought, and who mutter incessantly about their ‘damned crappy queen.’ To be sure, they have a point, for this ugly, inbred sovereign is an unyielding flatulent mess, and not at all the figurehead of grace and nobility that one should expect her to be. And so the visiting Varroa mites, in their sincere disappointment, are likely to take over the colony, extract bodily fluids from the bees, infect them with deformed wing viruses, multiply in numbers and annex the entire territory for their own needs. At first, they were simply tourists with no ill intent; however, so severe can be the side effects of Hive Syndrome that such a phenomenon should occur! 
 
*  *  *

One should, therefore, hold one’s expectations in check. Surely, there will have been memorable stories told of the Ghosts of Dead Cobblers, Mercenary Guardian Angels, Isles of Deposed Kings, Shadow Parasites in the untrodden hinterlands of the world—there was much imparted by travelers’ voices of the outside which should garner one’s interests and attentions, and now one cannot help but feel a sense of anticipation as through these tales have heralded the revelation of a kind of wonderment around every corner. Yet, certainly this will not be the pragmatic outcome, for there will be much frustration and boredom and misery infusing and often tempering this thrill of discovery. Nevertheless, the possibility of encountering the unlikely and improbable is so deeply ingrained in mind that it becomes easy to dismiss the veridical challenges and focus instead on that essential archetype of what could be. Yet, surely, there will be times in which one cannot avoid resorting to a kind of animadversion of self for having been so cavalier about what was being left in the lurch with each successive lurch toward advancement. There is likely to be a moment somewhere down the path in which there seems no recourse, but to look back and regret every step ever taken. One might even seek to circle back around and reestablish lost connections, but surely, in that time, much will have changed in one’s absence: friends and relatives will have aged—they will have had new experiences and grown accustomed to not occupying the same space; there will be new surrogates for one’s presence or more valued replacements; known streets will prop new landmarks, while older institutions that seemed as permanent fixtures will have been replaced, refurbished or otherwise neglected to a state of disrepair; there will be other ineffable changes, but the most pronounced of these will remain in one’s reactions to those things once thought familiar, which now seem rather distant and less memorable. And, of course, there is nothing one will be able to do about this for there will have been a transformation in the way one has come to view one’s surroundings, and so that which once aroused a profound emotion may not in hindsight appear so significant. In fact, the strongest feeling one is likely to experience is a kind of sentimentality for what one has lost and the wellsprings of self to which one can never return. Naturally, this paints a rather grim picture, but only if one sees this as a source of compunction and not instead a rather organic process of change. Should one not, after all, absolve oneself in advance of the baseless regret of absence? Certainly, there is the guilt one must carry at those voices insisting that to depart is to abandon one’s own, but of course this too is a shortsighted and rather emotional theorem. It serves only an absurd purpose to forsake one’s path out of fear of missing out on hypothetical experiences and to remain instead upon the side of the highway, watching others travel by night and to plod back in a direction one knows too well to a destination that seems itself only now like a ghost of something once recognized. 
When the carriages become less frequent and the chirps of crickets die down, there is a plodding of feet along the trails of boars and screeching bulbs. The branches flex with the intensifying breath of the Karakaze and a chill reaches the back of one’s head again in a way vaguely recognizable. Droplets plummet from between leaves, sometimes sliding down the threads of webs. It is difficult not to look upward and consider the arachnid architecture of autumn—these stunning installations by seasonal architects. There is a malice but also a necessity, for amidst this zero-sum drive toward perpetuation, it is possible also to see the clustering of egg sacks. Will all of these newborn arachnids have a sense of home; do they see the virtue of staying? 
If memory serves, with the passing of seasons, each home changes position and permutation, and thus it should only be so for all. On other nights, whilst returning from the highway to what can only be known as one’s ‘residence,’ one might pass down what habit and assumption have determined should be a familiar boulevard, but in the quiet and the dark, it has taken on a rather dream-like visage. There are houses that one knows and can see, but these too have a rather ghostly presence. And then there is the three-story pastry house that one is meant to know as ‘home,’ but it does not seem right either. There is something of this unlikely specter that looks the same, and yet there is something of it that is also inconsistent with memory. 
Without the distractions of light, one is inclined to think that one is, for the first time, seeing semblance stripped of its mask. This has perhaps once been a home, just as last season’s web had once been to the last generation of spiders. And so, it is incumbent upon one to disabuse oneself of these instinctual patterns and ghosts of obsolete self—to undergo a kind of rebirth akin to those new arachnids of autumn and embark on a new quest for that home in perpetual transformation. Tomorrow, it may be in the mountains. Next week, it may be in the sea. Perhaps, one day it might well be upon that moon once seen through a telescope. It is difficult to say ‘where,’ but the ‘home’ will be as much in migration as the inhabitant who seeks it. There is much to learn on the way and much to see. There is the ghost of self that will remain as with the ghost of home, and return will one day engender a layering of selves: the home that has traveled, the one that has lingered in expectation and the actual which will only come to serve as a canvas for the superimposition of the first two layers. And there will be vital areas in which the fit of layers is either forced or otherwise beyond reconciliation. 
How is one to prepare for this? How is one to prepare at all for anything that is to come in the paths ahead?
 
*  *  *

There is a sound like a rattle coming now from that transitory web on high. A group of baby arachnids has emerged, and they are now leaping outward, sailing in air with the force of prevailing winds behind them. Following them slowly out of the egg sack is the youngest of the lot who has never experienced anything of the world, but feels yet impelled to proclaim to her siblings in fond, albeit unhalting tones from her Silken Pulpit: “My brothers and sisters and non-binary others, I have nothing but the dearest hopes for all of you in seeking a life of purpose and in gaining a sense of your place and in understanding the vast dynamics of a Multiverse that endures with you and also in spite of you—and, frankly speaking, that would do just fine without you. You are exquisite creatures, both blessed and despicable: as am I. We embody each of these facets at different moments and also simultaneously. Nevertheless, there is no greater thing than to love yourself and all that exists around you, and to forgive the base instincts that perpetuate the zero-sum dominance of each over the other. One is to forgive one’s aggressor and oneself for being an aggressor. One is never to feel regret or shame or sentimentality about the past, but only to move forward with the assumption that all has been and will be accounted for in due course, or otherwise that the framework underlying ‘what one knows to be’ lingers beyond apprehension—at which point, one becomes only able to hypothesize about ‘what could be’ for the sake of fanciful play: for heartening amusement and toward no other end. I can see you craning your necks—are those necks?—OK, I can see you stretching the limits of your exoskeletons now in swiveling about to hear my words—perhaps you think I should have all the answers that you will seek in your lives ahead, but truly there is nothing that I, or anyone at all, can tell you that will be of great benefit, for these words are only subject to my assumptions and may well be about as useful as a toothpick should be to a cactus. 
“Nevertheless, I will implore you to listen and remember: for this is what you shall do. You shall feel a flush of purpose even in moments of doubt. You shall treasure silence, but also honor the value of voice. You shall assume good intentions until proven otherwise, and even then you shall know that ill intent is often buttressed by a deeper suffering. You shall be an implement in empathizing with that intractable torment and in alleviating the sufferer, even if she should wish harm upon you. You shall understand that the chitinous exoskeleton of today had once been the piercing fingernail of yesterday and that an altercation against ‘the other’ engenders a more profound battle against one’s own substance. You shall give suitable acknowledgment to the voice of elders. You shall always feel gratitude for the nourishment you have gained from them. You shall bear no contempt against their pronouncements for they are speaking in the language of the same ancient probabilities that have guided them and their forebears. You shall cherish every scathing pronouncement from them as though an affectionate embrace. You shall listen to what is declared even by those with vast experience and expertise and still decide for yourself whose guidance is best and in what measure. All the same, you shall speak to them with honesty—and even vehemence, if you must—but always in respectful tones. Your honesty will, thus, be seen quite often as your best and worst trait, and perhaps it should be so if you are seeking only to be true to yourself and to speak with probity to those both willing and unwilling to listen. By and by, you shall venture upon your own path and learn for yourself what seems right for you at any given time, knowing always that this will change according to your circumstances and that you will also change—often without realizing it. You shall relish in the delights of nature, and even if you should be secluded from the natural world, you shall always afford yourself ample opportunity to silence your voice and hear the creaks and whistles and calls and rattles of the wildest and most untamed lands. You shall leave the corners of apartments, the depths of rusty steel mills, the storage units in those unlit backlots of the Under City, and observe again the jittery scamperings of foxes and chipmunks, rejoice at the curious song of birds and admire the calculated maneuvers of predators. You shall treat all entities you encounter in this moment of engrossed observation with the utmost esteem for they are all abiding by cycles beyond their and your comprehension. And it is in your best interest to spare materialist living any similar veneration, and seek instead to live quite like those in the wild: simply and according to modest means. You shall, in doing so, endeavor to honor the destitute and help them first by understanding what they need in order to be self-sufficient. You shall understand that charity, even when well-intentioned, can sometimes serve to deprive the recipient of his self-determination and fighting spirit; remember this always before you give alms. Be mindful of the power relationship, the sense of obligation and dependency you might inadvertently create when you assist those in need. This is not to say that you shall not assist, but that you will do so only in a way that is wise and considers the long-term impacts of your actions. Allow those you help to repay their debt in a way befitting of their dignity. Empower all you encounter, destitute or otherwise, with the will to live their lives with passion and purpose, and fight for their sake when you see them being exploited or victimized. In doing so, however, you should never forget your own needs, for you are just as likely to be on the receiving end of exploitative behavior. Nevertheless, you shall vex those who seek to manipulate you to their purposes and speak the most irksome words possible in order to gnaw away at the certitude of those who oppress you. You shall bedevil ill-gotten and rancorous authority with plain-spoken witticism, questioning with critical alacrity always the unjust assumption. You shall seek others of generous spirits who search also for a higher connection, and you shall know them and value them and teach them and learn from them. You shall feel for them a love both romantic and unromantic though you may not understand quite why or quite how, and there is no betrayal in this. You shall forge deeper, loving connections with one or more with whom you wish to share your life. This will not give you license to deprive yourself of new explorations of other spirits, even if this should provoke some envy. You shall know still that envy is not to be exacerbated further but understood and assuaged. One is to be considerate and never give another over to a sense of shame for feeling how they do or for being whom and what they are. You shall demonstrate a kindness to your own and to other species and never inflict harm without purpose and without questioning the necessity of that purpose, even if your cruelty should emerge from the convulsive wrench of privation. You shall greet neighbors and aggressors alike with the same equanimity and calm, bearing a gentle and inviting smile and speaking in a genuine and straightforward tone, even when they wish for nothing else but your demise. You shall remain sweet and vulnerable and fearless through their abuses and shall listen carefully for what is underneath their words for there may be something worth learning. It is often from those who wish you harm, after all, that you shall learn the most. You shall honor the rudiments of all things—at least what you know to be the ‘rudiments’—and feel a connection with all matter that is comprised of similar and different elements to you. If you encounter a rock, you are to feel a oneness with it. If you see a piece of excrement at the side of the road, you are to feel a oneness while still acknowledging the baseline instinct that it is an affront to the senses. As putrid and disgusting as it may be, you shall remember that it is not of another reality, but rather of this same one, and that it is only in its current form rather offensive and off-putting. The same is to be said for one’s shared sense of being with other objects both sentient and non-sentient. If one finds the face of one’s neighbor repulsive, one should embrace this emotion while understanding that there is much commonality beneath the surface that has been taken for granted and that should contrarily prompt one’s greatest affections. This is not to say that it is a reasonable thing to say that we should love our neighbor equally with a piece of dung by the side of the road, but perhaps you get my meaning. I say all of this, but I also know that you shall not always be at your best. And neither will I be. I will be just as dull and superficial and banal as you most of the time. And so, I understand the difficulty in heeding all of these reminders at all times and in all places. Surely, there will be moments in which we are at our worst, and there is no way to reconcile this fact. We might be drunk or slovenly or dim-witted or seeking of affirmation in a way that is unbecoming. At such a point, no one can tell you, or me or anyone what to do or how to behave because perhaps we must discover and know this for ourselves. And there is a strong likelihood that we may never see it because we might not have the opportunity to step sufficiently outside of ourselves and recognize it. I can only tell you that we should endeavor to be bold, in spite of this, and never be afraid to question ourselves and to seek experiences in which we will be thrown into great confusion and crisis. In such moments, when you are on your back foot, you shall only embark on a quest that is your own and no one else’s, knowing all the while that the path you forge is indeed never exclusively a solitary one, but, more precisely, one that has been fashioned through the influence and support of others. It is easy in such cases to feel alone on this trek and to think that every step is being taken in solitude, but I tell you that this is not the case. There are others on this trek with you, and even for your greatest achievements and most disheartening failures, you will never be able to take sole credit.  You must certainly know this already, for you can hear the echoes of their voices in your mind from time-to-time. That is them with you, connected always, through separation. And yet, you are inclined to ask: who is the ‘you’ that they are with? This is a fair question. Indeed it is a difficult thing in trying times to remember which ‘who’ you are or have a sense of which ‘whom’ you ought to be. It is simple in those moments to give in out of sheer hopelessness. I ask you in these nerve-wracking moments, at that juncture when all appears to be breaking down and nothing seems worth fighting for, to be patient and to take a mindful step forward. Slow yourself down, examine deeply every inhalation and exhalation, be intentional with every movement even when it prefigures the smallest things. Sit until it hurts to sit, and then take small and careful steps. Stare at your reflection for some time in order to remember, at the very least, the visage that all have come to apprehend. Weep desperate tears until you shudder, and from that shudder let there be an eruption of desperate laughter. And if it helps to laugh at the absurdity of oneself and of all things around, do so in the hope that that laughter might mean something, even if it does not. Live strongly, with shifting purpose and with a will to do better for others than for yourself. If you do, you shall surely find great beauty around you and genuine connection with all that is large and small. In the springtime, in the summer, in the autumn and in the coming winter, you will always be in my thoughts. And even if you cannot see me and are only encountering my words, understand please that I wish only for you to find a path to greater reasoning. Even if it is an unseemly path and it leads you to reasoning out the wrong sorts of things, even if it is a vicious typhoon that stands between you and a more gentle bliss, I wish for you to face the storm with an openness and an unquenchable desire for truth. Seek the best version of this truth that you can find, and share it with the world even if you are unsure of what you are sharing. And should you ever be plunged into fathomless uncertainty, rejoice at it and love that blessed confusion even when it tears you to shreds. Love what it makes of you, and seek only to deepen that confusion further. These, my dearest siblings, are my wishes for you.”
The gentle patter of rain soon becomes a torrent, and the winds intensify, driving outward these sentiments and these weavers to new permutations of home.

About the Author

Ashim Shanker has never been, and probably isn't yet, but certainly aspires to be. Surely, one day he MIGHT be, but there is no guarantee he WILL be. He was disappointed to find out yesterday upon waking that he still wasn't, nor would he be for the rest of the day. But still, today has not yet passed. So we must wait and see. In the meantime,  we cannot rule out the possibility, however negligible, that he will have been at some point in the distant horizon. Yet, for the present, we are still faced with the bleak and disheartening probability that he never was, nor shall ever be. Whatever comes of such confusing matters, he nonetheless appreciates the interest of the reader and apologizes in advance for any time that is sure to be wasted in pointlessly deciphering the befuddling prose of this trifling wannabe.

