



Murder and Other Distractions



Michael Estrin

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2010 Michael Estrin



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



For Christina



Friday
Inside Girl


A few hours from now an emotionally unstable woman will come over to my apartment. We will watch A Few Good Men because it’s one of those movies everyone has seen at least ten times. Somewhere between the sexual innuendo that goes nowhere and the truth, we will make out.
I will cum in her mouth once and then again in the condom—the protection a necessary part of our arrangement because, though our interludes occur with regularity, they are not indicative of a relationship. If polled, we would both insist that the sex means nothing. She means nothing to me, and I mean the same to her.
Twice I will try to put my cock in her ass. Twice I will be reminded that 1) she is saving that orifice for her husband and 2) I will never be him.
She will spend the night, but we will not cuddle or engage in any kind of pillow talk. I will sleep soundly, like a criminal who knows he’s been caught. She, I suspect, will stare up at my ceiling and wonder why she’s wasting her youth on me.
We will get up early, not wishing to prolong the post-coital experience. She will use my bathroom, but she will know better than to try and leave so much as a toothbrush behind. 
Without a kiss, she will leave, and I will forget about her until the next time, when we will most certainly repeat our sad ritual.
It’s best not to dwell on these kinds of things, I tell myself as I finish up at the office. Inside Girl seems to like this arrangement about as well as I do, which is to say that we each harbor the exact same amount of antipathy and lust for each other.
Things I like about Inside Girl: 
She looks me in the eye when she blows me.
She tastes like red starburst candy.
She shaves her pussy.
Things I don’t like about Inside Girl:
Everything not found on above list.
Inside Girl responds promptly to my texts and always delivers. She is like the Domino’s Pizza of fucking, which is to say that she is reliable, low-effort and thoroughly forgettable. 
I think about this, and then I think about the half-eaten turkey sandwich on my desk. I have been a writer at Rubber Necker for three years, and I have gotten out of the office to eat lunch exactly twice. 
Staring at a white flap of turkey clinging to a limp leaf of browning lettuce, I can’t help but think that my lunch options are the problem. Inside Girl, who I met at my friend Zeiger’s birthday party, is a decent option on a lousy menu.   
Once when I was sick, I went to Whole Foods in the middle of the day to get some soup and a fistful of those homeopathic medicines that deliver unrivaled health, according to their ad copy, and absolutely nothing, according to the American Medical Association. 
Whole Foods is one of those markets for the super wealthy who have somehow managed to buy back the health I suspect we all had slightly after the Industrial Revolution and slightly before the birth of a consumer-packed goods culture. The store’s aisles are practically littered with women who look like they just stepped out of a Neutrogena ad. They are tall and flawless with sweet smiles and radiant skin.
Living in Los Angeles, you’d think you’d see more of these women out and about. But the truth is that it’s easier to find a crack whore, an alcoholic assistant or a party girl who lives on sugary cereal and cocaine. All of these women are thoroughly fuckable in their own ways to a certain type of man at a certain time, but ubiquity is not an attractive trait. Whole Foods women somehow seem like the ideal, if only because they are rare, and in my time I’ve only dated one.  
Inside Girl is not a Whole Foods woman. There is nothing beautiful about her, yet all of my friends agree that she is hot. And there are times, like right now for instance, that I’d rather fuck a hot woman I loathe than an ugly woman I love.
This is something I shouldn’t dwell on because 1) it’s depressing and 2) I have a deadline.
I am reminded of my deadline by my editor, a waifish redhead named Helen who sends me an instant message even though her office is less than four yards from the bullpen, where I sit with the rest of the staff. I am not behind on my story. I have exactly seventeen minutes before I need to file, and I am only one hundred words short. From experience, I know this means I have four more minutes to contemplate my sex life, three minutes to bang out a conclusion and ten minutes to give yet another mindless feature a quickie glance before pressing “Send.”
And so I use the four minutes I have left to debate the merits of cleaning my apartment. Inside Girl knows me well enough to know that my apartment is neither clean nor disgusting. For a single guy, I am probably on the clean side of things, which is to say that there are no dishes in the sink and all the dirty clothes are in the hamper. But there is a thin layer of dust that clings to everything except my TV, and the toilet is permanently stained with a brownish yellow hue.
If I clean, Inside Girl will notice. When we talk, and that is not often, it is usually a probing line of inquiry about my suitability for a more serious relationship. What I can’t figure out is why we continue to have this same conversation after a year of doing the exact same thing. It’s as if she wants to prove to herself that I could be the one, but somehow she already knows that I am not. This makes me wonder if she is a masochist. And that makes me wonder if the fact that I equate sex with her to eating Domino’s Pizza somehow means that I’m a masochist. 
I dwell on this thought and realize that I have somehow forgotten a key fact for my article. This problem occurs to me with twelve minutes to go, which means that I am more or less screwed because I don’t know how many Americans use TiVo, a fact that will give the article the air of authenticity that separates it from a blog entry. In the Internet age, it’s very important to elevate yourself from the “blogosphere.” At least, it’s very important if you are a writer like me, who plies his trade at a publication that is always downsizing to justify the bottom-line. Bloggers are unpaid hacks who sit around in their pajamas crafting bile-filled posts about topics that don’t matter; staff writers are under-paid hacks who hammer out meaningless copy their bosses hope bloggers will rip to shreds because such a free-for-all can (sometimes) be a traffic gold mine, which (in theory) should translate into real money.  
The number of TiVo subscribers is one of those details that a blogger would likely miss, and it’s an important detail because I am writing a story about how a straight man in New York destroyed his TiVo box because it started suggesting gay-oriented content for him to watch. Apparently, an overload of shows from channels like Bravo and Logo—as opposed to ESPN and Spike—sent this luddite into a rage. Or, at least that’s what I was able to gather from some assorted Internet rumors and Facebook posts I found in one of his friend’s news feeds. Helen, my boss, considered this a “hot story” when I pitched it at our morning meeting. But without including how many people actually use TiVo, Helen will want to know why this story is important to our readers. “Where’s the it could happen to someone you know hook?” she’ll ask. But the strange thing is that virtually any number will do. The number need only 1) seem sizeable and 2) be accurate, or at the very least be attributable to a reputable third party source, which gives it the feeling of accuracy, even if the information is in fact dead wrong.
I have already spoken with a PR girl from TiVo, a VP of programming for Logo, the gay network that aired the content which prompted the destruction of the TiVo box, and the luddite in question, although he refused to be quoted for the article and hung up on me shortly after I introduced myself. I should have asked the PR girl from TiVo how many people subscribe to the service, but I was distracted by the fact that she had a (310) area code. This always distracts me because 310 is a Los Angeles area code, and PR girls are notorious sluts. I don’t mean to disparage the entire profession, but one cannot discount the fact that most reporters are men and most PR people, who are charged with selling all manner of crap, are women. Consider the gender divide between the two professions and it’s not hard to fuck up the math. This crude calculus has also been confirmed to me by Ann, Zeiger’s publicist girlfriend, who once confessed that the profession ought to be called pubic relations. But that was before Zeiger and Ann got serious about each other, life, and a house in LA’s coveted Westside. So I doubt Ann would stick to that story now.  
The TiVo PR girl didn’t seem particularly cute on the phone, but the local area code did cause me to tune out for a few critical moments as I fantasized about the idea of us meeting for drinks, me picking up the tab on my imaginary expense account and her fucking me silly to write a crap story I was going to write anyway. This isn’t a bad fantasy if the voice on the other end of the phone 1) belongs to a semi-hot girl and 2) is smart enough not to talk business for more than five minutes.
I’ve never fucked a PR girl, and so this fantasy—one I often hear about from other writers—occupies at least one third of my work hours.
I call her, but she doesn’t pick up. 
I have nine minutes to go.
Fortunately, there is Google. A quick search yields a few recent articles on TiVo, and thankfully some other journalist bothered to ask the question that escaped my mind, perhaps because his PR contact wasn’t local. 
The number is 11.9 million, and to stretch my copy I find myself writing, just under 12 million Americans subscribe to the TiVo service. I also add a unique detail that makes it look like I really researched this topic when I write, a Technorati search revealed that more than 7,000 people blog about their experience using TiVo.
I realize this fact means nothing. Most facts mean nothing, but it is the kind of touch that makes people think you’ve done your homework and that you actually care about the product you’re putting out. It’s the journalistic equivalent to cleaning your apartment before an emotionally unstable woman comes over. 
I decide to include that nonsense fact but not to clean my apartment. 
With less than a minute to go before my deadline, I press “Send,” transmitting my story across the Internet to Helen, who stands, hands on hips, four yards from my desk. I smile and tell her to check her inbox. And with that, Fuckable Coworker asks me what my plans are for the weekend.
My day is basically done because I can’t write another story in the twenty-six minutes that remain. But I am kind of stuck because leaving early is one of the worst offenses one can imagine at my office. I suspect that I could play a game of Russian roulette with my co-workers and HR would simply schedule a meeting to remind me that games of chance and firearms are forbidden by company policy. But if I were to leave early, I’m certain all hell would break loose, like when a monkey gets out of his cage and the rest of the zoo’s animals go fucking ballistic.  
Fuckable Coworker, as her name suggests, is both thoroughly off limits and good fodder for a mind that would rather think about women than writing stories meant to entertain the droves of hipsters who populate the Web. We agree on nothing, flirt constantly and generally irritate the hell out of the rest of the staff as we debate the finer points of dating, pop culture or politics when we should be asking ourselves: “Would a hipster want to read this? Or, is this a good story for Rubber Necker? 
Because I have time to kill, I pick a fight with Fuckable Coworker, reasoning that a little verbal jousting will 1) get me through a long weekend without much good conversation and 2) serve as an excellent opportunity to undress her perfect yoga-body with my eyes.
“I’m hanging out with Inside Girl tonight,” I tell Fuckable Coworker. “Then a phone call to my parents on Sunday. That’s all I have planned.”
This is a pretty typical weekend for me, and it causes a real dilemma for Fuckable Coworker, who 1) does not approve of my refusal to call Inside Girl by her given name and 2) can’t help but gush at the idea of a grown man calling his parents on a weekly basis, even if the conversation is a rehash of the same talk they’ve been having for the last decade. I am a perpetual enigma to her because I seemingly possess the desirable quality of caring about friends and family and the loathsome quality of treating a fellow woman rather poorly, at least according to Fuckable Coworker’s peculiar standards.
Fuckable Coworker frowns, and I actually feel bad. When she frowns, I have the urge to tenderly kiss her rosy lips. But I will never tell her that. Our relationship will never get beyond the playground, where the idea is to pull the hair of the girl you most like. 
We bicker, much to the chagrin of the rest of the Rubber Necker editorial staff, who would much rather kill the rest of the day working on their blogs, following assholes like Ashton Kutcher on Twitter, or watching mashups on YouTube. 
Fuckable Coworker thinks that I’m leading Inside Girl on. I insist that Inside Girl is using me just as much as I’m using her—perhaps more. But because Fuckable Coworker did me the courtesy of wearing a tight shirt that exposes her perfectly kissable potbelly, I decide not to counterpunch. I don’t mention her lawyer boyfriend who spends his days defending the corrupt corporations of the world that she rails against at whatever irrelevant lefty political meeting she happens to be going to that week. I don’t imply that she’s somehow a hypocrite, sleeping with a guy who treats her to the expensive meals she insists are a necessary component of courtship, by profiting from the world’s inequalities she finds so despicable. 
Instead, I smile as we talk about my shortcomings. My smile irks her. We could go on forever. But at 5:59 p.m., Helen emerges from her office, declares my gay TiVo article good, and says we can go.
I click the Windows “Start” button, telling my computer that I’m done for the day. As it switches to “Hibernate” for its evening slumber, my computer says goodnight by playing a short audio file of Vin Scully calling Kirk Gibson’s 1988 World Series homerun shot.
Long fly ball to right field. Way back. She is gone!
Since then, there hasn’t been much to cheer about in Mudville. 
The staff chatters about nothing at all as we walk to the parking lot. 
I fight through thirty minutes of Los Angeles traffic, listening to one Cake song, which is all right, two White Stripes tunes that sound exactly the same, and a half-assed report on NPR about widespread police corruption. Here’s the takeaway: Don’t fuck with the law. I arrive home to my slightly dirty, one-bedroom Hollywood apartment. 
I drink a beer, pay some bills and watch the Dodgers pre-game show while flipping through an Economist article about how Africa is doomed. Apparently the world is running out of food and the “dark continent”—as is its historical imperative—is serving as the vanguard for human catastrophe. As for the Dodgers, they pretty much suck, which according to their own historical imperative, means an inability to bring disparate talents to bear in a single, powerful pennant run. It’s the same old story, so I flip to the local news and catch the tail end of a low-speed chase somewhere in Inglewood, not far from where the Lakers used to hold court. One thing about Los Angeles that nobody talks about is our fascination with car chases, fires, floods and other assorted disasters. They’re thrilling stuff, and we can’t get enough of them, especially if there’s good chopper footage. I watch the officers tackle and then kick the driver of a red pickup truck. There’s no excitement in the voice of the helicopter reporter. Tackling and kicking is tame fare for the LAPD. This is a routine matter in Los Angeles, and hardly worth the effort. I surmise that it must be a slow news day, and so I return to the demise of Africa—perhaps the planet. 
I look up from my magazine at 6:54 p.m. to catch my building’s resident apparition for the second time this week. He is tall and gaunt with skin as white as butcher’s paper.
“If you see him, don’t ask about the briefcase,” the previous tenant told me the day I took over her lease. “Everyone in the building is fine, but he’s just… creepy.”
I’ve made it a small hobby of mine to study my creepy neighbor, but in the three years that I’ve lived in the building I have been unable to add a single fact to those imparted to me by the previous tenant.  
Tonight is no exception. 
I return to the Economist, where I find that some obscure academic has published a book about democratic theory and John Rawls’ college baseball career, which could have led to professional stardom, but was instead a colorful footnote in the life of a philosophical giant—something for dull academics to talk about whenever the weighty stuff proves too much to take at group-think circle jerks masquerading as faculty mixers. 
“Baseball,” the article states, “is the only sport that rewards meaningful failures with its own statistical category—that sacrifice. But perhaps more significant, the American pastime demands an official ruling from an umpire at the conclusion of each brief play—ritualizing justice through repetition.”
I dog-ear the page and make a mental note to discuss this important insight with Zeiger, who is always looking for new ways to teach philosophy and spread the gospel of baseball.
I stare at my 1988 Dodgers World Championship poster. Gibby looks like Bruce Willis in Die Hard – battered and bruised, but never beaten. Orel is one of those guys frozen in time—an eternal baby face. And Tommy isn’t quite thin, but he’s not nearly as fat as he is now, a fact evidenced by the air between his feet and the ground as he leaps to the heavens, celebrating that one perfect moment when the screwballs put it together long enough to beat the vaunted Oakland Athletics. I study the poster and wonder if Tommy, Orel, Gibby and the rest of boys in blue really believe in the justice of an endless parade of balls and strikes, or if they just got lucky. 
At 7:23 p.m., Inside Girl sends me a text:
Got 2 cancel :).


Puff, Puff, Buy


Angelo is probably the world’s worst pot dealer. This suits me just fine because I am a pretty terrible pot buyer. Illicit transactions make me nervous, not because I fear breaking the law, but because my only basis for determining the proper social etiquette is the little I know from the after school specials I watched as a kid. Those programs failed to 1) keep me from smoking pot and 2) teach me about how the drug buying process really works. I’m pretty sure that most people in Hollywood take drugs, but I’m certain that the people who made those after school specials either never took drugs or were never sober. I can’t tell which. But when I’m high, I can think about this and other concerns for hours on end.
I’m sitting in Angelo’s cramped spare bedroom, which he has turned into a makeshift music studio. 
“Did you see that chase in Inglewood, man?” he asks. “The cops kicked the shit out of that poor fucker. That’s what they do, you know… If you don’t have the money.” 
For Angelo, the workings of power in Los Angeles, or anywhere else for that matter, always come down to money, and the police are just an extension of the creditor’s stick.
Because Angelo’s transactional ritual dictates that we smoke before we get down to business, we pass a bong back and forth as we discuss our descent into a police state. I like this policy, one Angelo assures me is the only effective way to spot a narc—a common concern for a man in his line of work avoidance.  
What I don’t like is that Angelo is usually out of plastic bags. To me, this seems completely ridiculous. As far as I can tell, selling pot requires that you 1) have pot, 2) have a scale to measure the pot and 3) have bags for the pot. 
Virtues like punctuality and courtesies like change are pretty much optional. The pot-scale-bag trifecta would seem to be the only real requirements. But as Angelo exhales, he tells me he has both good and bad news.
“I’m out of bags,” he says, not really making an excuse.
“What the fuck, Angelo. How can you sell weed without bags?”
We both laugh at this. Each of us knows that his operation could not be more half-assed if he tried. 
Angelo plays with his latest toy, a vintage synthesizer he bought off Craigslist, and my mind falls into a hazy tunnel of auditory bliss. 
“You’re beeping,” Angelo says. 
I look down and see that Inside Girl has sent me another text. 
“Got a date or something?” Angelo asks as I flip open my phone.
Inside Girl has this to say:
Miss u.
I shake my head no. 
“So, what’s the good news?”
“This weed we are smoking…”
Angelo usually pauses before delivering good news. I think he does this out of some sense of dramatic obligation, like he’s the star of his very own TV show about a Brazilian musician who survives by selling weed and fixing up vintage instruments he finds on the Internet. 
“Yes,” I say, fulfilling my duties as tonight’s guest star, a sex-obsessed malcontent.
“This is the Tom Cruise weed,” Angelo explains.
I have heard about this strain of medical marijuana; I vaguely recall writing about it, or more specifically the ten other illegal substances Cruise should affix his name to—Cruise crank, for example. The weed is supposed to induce crazy hallucinations. To market the product, the growers decided to name it after Tom Cruise because, well, it makes you crazy. When it’s sold in the dispensaries that litter Los Angeles, it comes in a pill bottle with a label that has a picture of Cruise going ape-shit on Oprah’s couch.
As I take another hit from the bong, Angelo informs me that Cruise is now suing the guys who created the strain. I laugh, blowing smoke in Angelo’s face.
“I love this country,” he says. “It’s all about the money.”
“And they said immigrants like you would never fit in.”
We giggle.
My phone buzzes again.
“Somebody wants to talk to you,” Angelo says.
I disregard his comment on my sex life.
“How much you want?”
I give Angelo the usual amount of cash, and he cannibalizes a magazine as a makeshift container for my usual amount of weed. 
My phone won’t stop, and so I tell Angelo to play whatever he’s been working on so I can ignore Inside Girl for an hour or so. 
I know very little about women, but I do know that if you ignore them, they will want you more. On the other hand, if you pursue them, they will retreat from you. It’s a lot like that Greek myth of Tantalus my high school English teacher was so big on. Looking back on it now, I’m pretty sure Mr. Hosni was using the Western Canon as primer on how to get laid. Tantalus, for the uninformed, was sentenced to a bizarre personal hell. Stuck in a river of wine, grapes dangling just above his head, he could neither eat nor drink because each time he moved his head, the grapes or the wine would pull just out of his reach. At the time, I thought Mr. Hosni taught us this story as a way to work in a good SAT word (Tantalus gives us the word tantalize). But in retrospect, what Mr. Hosni was saying was, “Ethan, if you want to fuck Inside Girl tonight, don’t answer her texts.” At least, that’s how I remember high school while under the influence of Tom Cruise.
I keep the classics lesson to myself as Angelo clears the clutter from his desk. He smiles and presses play.
We listen to Tone Loc’s Funky Cold Medina played with a sitar—Angelo’s latest experiment in a list that includes Warren Zevon funneled through a didgeridoo (an utter waste) and a rescoring of Star Wars to The Chronic album (one million views on YouTube before Lucas’s lawyers threatened to have Angelo’s shady ass deported if he didn’t take it down).
I sink back into Angelo’s couch and come to two different, but related conclusions: 1) Tone Loc is unique insofar as he has to be one of the world’s few self-deprecating rappers, 2) the sitar sucks, even when you’re high. 
***
Gangsta rap makes a lot of sense when you’re stoned and driving around Los Angeles.
Despite the fact that I’m a Jewish guy from the Valley rolling in a crappy black Corolla with fabric seats, I feel like I’m the baddest motherfucker on Earth as I navigate the side streets of West Hollywood, hunting and pecking my way to Crescent so I can make the long journey over the hill for some tacos. The streets are too narrow for traffic to go both ways at the same time, but they are too wide to be one-way. Etiquette demands that one driver back down and basically park in the face of oncoming traffic. Typically, the nicer car has the right of way on the theory that wealth equals importance. A BMW yields to a Mercedes, but a Mercedes yields to a Range Rover, which should yield to a Porsche, which in turn must yield to a Prius, which says the driver is so wealthy he is willing to ride without style to save the planet. Or, it means you just got played by Ed Begley, Jr.
Anyway, that theory goes right out the window when Ice Cube has your back. You drive like you own the streets because you do. You may not have a gun, but you’re pretty sure that you could bust a cap in someone’s ass if he got in your way. This is a wonderful feeling, and I’m pretty sure it’s the reason most people buy luxury cars. But the truth is you can get the same effect with an eighth of weed and a little NWA.
I push past a bewildered prick in his Audi convertible as I barrel toward Crescent. His jaw drops because he and I both know that a Corolla should always yield to an Audi. I turn left on Crescent and hit the gas hard for the push up and over the hill because it’s important to get a good amount of momentum going when you’re driving to the Valley.
A lot of people assume Los Angeles only has two things to offer: an impossibly hip cultural wasteland known as the city and a not-so-hip suburban abyss known as the Valley. Both assumptions are incorrect, even at their root, because they fail to acknowledge the middle ground—the hills that bisect Los Angeles.
I am driving through the hills, which are really a mountain range, because I need tacos, and one should only get tacos from La Fogota, a Valley institution across from the Sherman Oaks Little League where I once hit a game-wining homerun. But to get there, I must climb up and over the wilderness of Los Angeles. I drive past shabby homes once inhabited by rock stars with heroin addictions as big as the city’s sprawl. I scan the narrow streets looking for joggers and deer. As I reach the summit, near Mulholland Drive, I wonder if the coyotes are out looking for food. And then I come over the crest, slip the car into neutral and coast the mile or so down the mountain, catching tree-obstructed glimpses of the Valley’s harsh lights set to a little Weezer.
Beverly Hills, that’s where I want to be.
When I return to the Valley, I can’t help but feel like Luke going back to Tatooine in Jedi. This makes sense because 1) I did grow up here and 2) I watched a lot of the trilogy as a kid, pretty much like all males born in the 1970s.
Unlike Luke, I’m not out to settle a score with a morbidly obese lizard who has a thing for bondage and gold bikinis. But like Luke, I’m pretty sure there really isn’t anything to see as I weave through Friday night traffic on Ventura Boulevard. 
I couldn’t be more wrong.


The Girl Who Got Away


Running into people is overrated. Conversations that begin with the words, hey you know who I ran into… are bound to be uncomfortable. But when I bump into The Girl Who Got Away as I walk into La Fogata, I know that I’ll have to have one of these conversations with Zeiger and Ann at brunch tomorrow.
The Girl Who Got Away still looks a lot like a young Faye Dunaway from Three Days of The Condor. That’s upsetting, but what really irks me is the fact that a portly dude who looks nothing like Robert Redford has his hand on her ass when we bump into each other.
I could handle losing The Girl Who Got Away to a dude who looks like Redford, but being beaten by a chubby guy who she insists is hilarious is like Babe Ruth being beaten in a homerun contest.
A familiar voice says, “Ethan?” as I get out of my Corolla. 
My heart pounds. It’s been more than a year since we simply stopped talking, and in that time I had hoped to forget about The Girl Who Got Away. But as I hear her sweet voice speaking my name, I know that I’m not over her. Not even close.
We exchange the strange pleasantries of people who once knew each other very well and now prefer to pretend that they’re just casual acquaintances—the kind who met on an airplane once or were connected by a common friend who skipped town ages ago. 
I ask her what she’s doing here, which is both an obvious question and a thinly veiled accusation because this is my taco joint, and of all the taco joints in the Valley, I’m not sure why she had to walk into mine. Now, I know how Bogart must have felt.
 The Girl Who Got Away didn’t grow up here. When I met her, she complained that Los Angeles, to her surprise, didn’t have any good Mexican food. She had been to El Coyote and places like Toppers, where you go for getting-to-know-you-Margaritas and sloppy sex with strangers you hope don’t have herpes. 
“You’re going to the wrong places,” I told her during the getting-to-know-you phase of our relationship. “You can’t eat proper Los Angeles-style Mexican food in a nice neighborhood. You have to go where only the locals know to go.”
I should have known better, but I promised to take her to La Fogata. I couldn’t resist the charms of a Whole Foods woman who looked like Faye Dunaway. 
“We’re getting tacos,” The Girl Who Got Away says, wrapping her arm around a guy I decide to rename Lesser Me.
Lesser Me smiles and says the tacos are amazing.
No shit. 
I know the tacos are fucking amazing because I’ve been coming here since I was a T-ball player. Lesser Me is like Christopher Columbus, who showed up late and insisted on calling everyone an Indian because he couldn’t find a country so big it’s practically a continent. Plus, I think he has an STD, but I can’t be certain of that.
“Ethan was the one who introduced me to this place,” The Girl Who Got Away says, her milky white bosoms popping out of her pink tank top. 
God, I still want to fuck her. If only Lesser Me would drop dead so I could kiss those fantastic tits. A night of great tits and tacos is about as close to heaven as modern man is going to get, and right now it looks like Lesser Me is winning. 
“Great find, bro,” Lesser Me says, and for some reason The Girl Who Got Away giggles. 
That wasn’t fucking funny, not even close. And there’s no way those words—great find, bro—could be some sort of inside joke. Lesser Me is not funny. What does she see in Lesser Me?
I want to tell Lesser Me to stay out of Van Nuys, but instead I say, “Yeah, this place is better than butt-sex,” and then I wink at The Girl Who Got Away.
Having thrown the only hand grenade I have, I elect to depart the field in favor of tacos. I kiss the Girl Who Got Away on the cheek and we make a half-hearted promise to get coffee and catch up. I tell Lesser Me to have a nice night because I know he won’t.
I walk inside for a typical Friday night. I order four carnitas tacos and a root beer. I select a quiet booth in the corner, where I consume the tacos and an LA Weekly story about the discovery that police have been dumping bodies in the Echo Park reservoir for at least a decade. But before I can finish that story, I flip to Jonathan Gold’s food column and wonder why he continues to ignore the Valley.


Saturday
The Philosopher and His Publicist


Melrose Larry Green, a local celebrity who made his bones on The Howard Stern Show, pops into Wild Oats and tells me, “Shalom.” For my money, there is no better way to begin a sun-drenched Saturday. 
He then proceeds to speak Spanish to the counter girl. He tells the owner that he’s doing a great thing for the neighborhood and then, without warning, tells the Brazilian waiter that the women in Rio have the best asses in the world. Melrose Larry Green then says something in Portuguese that makes the waiter blush. He dances a small jig, swings his man-purse over his shoulder and departs with the words “jail the mayor,” leaving the patrons at Wild Oats to giggle among themselves. I text Zeiger and Ann to inform them that they just missed Melrose Larry Green. 
Zeiger and Ann are usually twenty minutes late for everything; I suspect because they have more quickies than any other couple I know. 
When I stop to think about it, which is more often than one should, I find myself locked in a classic chicken/egg debate. Do they have more quickies than any couple I know because they are happier than most couples? Or, are they happier than most couples because they have more quickies? 
Ordinarily, I would let my coffee get cold trying to tease out the nexus that exists between quick sex and enduring love, but the thought of coitus has me thinking about The Girl Who Got Away.
For the record, I never put it in her ass, though not for a lack of trying. 
Her ass, and the thought of Lesser Me’s hand on it, pretty much ruined last night’s tacos. My only comfort, aside from Inside Girl’s constant, but unreturned texts, was the knowledge that The Girl Who Got Away and Lesser Me were likely bickering over my allusion to our fictional anal sex escapades.
Here’s the simple truth: no guy wants to be lied to, but no guy wants to know that another man has had what he isn’t allowed to have, either.  
I check the time on my cell phone and make some quick assumptions. If Lesser Me asked about my ridiculous remark and subsequent wink, The Girl Who Got Away could have told him it was nothing. This would have been a terrible strategy because all men know that nothing usually means something and sometimes means everything when it comes to women. I suspect, though I cannot prove, that the utterance of the word nothing is responsible for more breakups throughout history than any other factor. 
The Girl Who Got Away knows this because we once talked about it after watching When Harry Met Sally. Lesser Me, who I’m pretty sure is so mentally deficient that he is incapable of dressing himself, has probably never considered the unholy nothing/something/everything trinity. 
If she told Lesser Me the truth, I suspect my comment would have had the same effect as if she had said nothing. The truth, after all, is that I never put it in her butt. But how could he accept that in light of my ridiculous comment? Even a fool worries when his girlfriend’s ex jokes about sodomy. 
The time on my phone reads 10:37 a.m. If they’re awake, I’m pretty sure The Girl Who Got Away and Lesser Me are confronting one of those awkward mornings after a sexless night. But as often seems to be the case, I am completely wrong.
***
It’s 10:40 a.m. when Zeiger and Ann arrive without their usual warm smiles. I’m certain that they’ve heard about my idiotic behavior last night because Ann and The Girl Who Got Away are friends, and antics that were once praised as hilarious in your salad days are easily classified as crude by women now focused on “the future.” I’m certain that Zeiger likely rolled his eyes after Ann relayed my infantile words to him. The breakup nearly splintered us all, and Ann’s eyes speak countless accusations whenever the subject of The Girl Who Got Away comes up. 
I brace for one of those uncomfortable moments when your friends tell you that you’ve been acting like a total schmuck. 
But neither Zeiger nor Ann is there to scold me, and by 10:42 a.m. I have learned the following things from them: 
First, Zeiger, perhaps because he teaches philosophy, has a firm grasp of both the big and small picture. This, I surmise, makes him especially adept at giving bad news in such a way that he is able to impart a deeper meaning to life’s random fuck-ups. 
Second, Ann, like all good publicists, always knows what to say in difficult situations. Like all great publicists, she has fantastic boobs, and I am keenly aware of this as she hugs me. 
Third, The Girl Who Got Away and Lesser Me were murdered. 



Sunday
The Usual Shit


Wake and bake.
I contemplate running, but decide to get breakfast instead.
Pancakes and coffee at DuPars on Third Street. When you eat alone, there’s no waiting for the counter, even on Sunday, even at DuPars.
The LA Times isn’t what it used to be, but if it bleeds, it still leads. The headline for The Girl Who Got Away and Lesser Me reads: “Community Organizer, Boyfriend Murdered in Valley.” I skip that story and the grisly art. I cruise below the fold to find out that California is strapped for cash. We are a deadbeat state, a cavalcade of delusional imposters writing checks reality can’t cash.
I smoke some more. 
The Dodgers lose. Vin blames an overworked bullpen, but he’s being kind—they suck. 
I smoke some more.
Masturbation fails after exhausting a seemingly endless array of content choices—a list that includes hardcore pornography and the film Network. Busty Asians nurses and a young Faye Dunaway are no match for The Girl Who Got Away. She’s a stiff and I’m anything but. 
Late in the day, the sight of my building’s resident apparition carrying a pizza inspires me to order from Mao’s because there’s something beautiful about hipsters co-opting a maniac’s name in the quest for good Chinese food.
If the crispy orange chicken is right, even genocide can be overlooked. When dinner arrives, I eat two eggrolls, watch 60 Minutes, curse Andy Rooney’s nonsense, and fall asleep, hoping to wake from a nightmare. 


Monday
What Would Google Do?


“The thing about death is that it has already happened to you,” Zeiger said as he eyed his plate of challah French toast, which he would later proclaim to be “fan-fucking-tastic.”
It’s Monday morning and I’m at Rubber Necker, deleting pitches by the score from my inbox. But Zeiger’s words, the ones about death, have been with me all weekend. 
“When you think about it, and you should do so only from time to time to keep from sinking into a pit of despair, all human endeavors—big and small—are without meaning,” Zeiger advised, letting Ann wipe syrup from his chin. “Thanks, babe.”
 “So nothing really matters?” I asked. “You’re telling me that her death and my death simply don’t matter?”
“No, they matter; they matter a lot. They just don’t mean anything.”
I’m stuck on the difference between matter and meaning when my boss, Helen, arrives. Her quick gait makes easy work of the space that divides the bullpen from her office, and as she boots up her computer, she asks about my weekend, offering her condolences on the Dodger’s latest defeat.
I ignored the texts of an unstable girl whose vagina smells like red Star Burst candy, got stoned, had tacos, (presumably) insulted the only woman I ever loved with a crude joke and sent her off to be murdered alongside a half-witted oaf. But wait, there’s more! As a prelude to a lecture on the meaning of life, local celebrity Melrose Larry Green regaled a waiter at Wild Oats, and all others within earshot, of the magnificent bottoms of Brazilian women before proclaiming his distrust for a local politician who has become the poster boy for the city’s traffic woes. Since then, I’ve been locked in an existential crisis in Los Angeles, which isn’t really the sort of town that one wants to meditate in. Not that I’m obsessing over here. Like everyday for the past three years, I’ve scoured the Internet for the latest nonsense, and I think I’ve come up with a good one. I’ve found a website that our readers must know about because it allows you to see what you’d look like with a mullet, and mullets never go out of fashion in the age of ironic mockery. And you can always go for a good mullet joke, even when you find out that a naked body you once kissed from head to toe is as cold as the city in February. 
“Fine,” I say. “Yours?”
But Helen has already shut the door to her office, probably because it’s Monday and she’s got to think of reasons not to quit.
In thirty minutes, Fuckable Coworker will shuffle in, and soon after that it’ll be time to run the numbers with the rest of the staff so we can find out if anyone is reading the 3,000 words I pump out everyday. My money is on “Ten Facebook Groups That Wouldn’t Have Groucho Marx For Member,” an article I dashed off last week while listening to my co-workers debate whether Bono was worth following on Twitter.
The words of these articles don’t mean very much, but they matter a great deal because our advertisers insist on content to hang their ads around. 
Maybe Zeiger had a point, though it does seem strange that such a smart guy—perhaps one of our generation’s greatest minds—is still one book away from gaining tenure at Cal State Northridge, an institution largely devoted to matriculating local government hacks, chain restaurant titans and strippers. 
No matter. I am reminded that there is work to be done by the flashing voicemail light on my phone and the overflowing inbox on my computer.
In title, I am a writer. In practice, I am a producer of content. I pick stories, massage headlines, rewrite paragraphs, hunt for killer quotes and generally wordsmith the hell out of reporting done by real journalists. To keep readers coming back—the few who do—I need to publish as many stories as I can, and time permitting, do “original” pieces like “Ten Websites That Are More Addictive Than Crack.” Ten is a very important number online. People love lists; it’s a fact. Any asshole can come up with five of just about anything, but it takes a pro to crank out ten examples of something on a regular basis. 
The articles need not be accurate, they need not be newsworthy and they need not be the result of my own original reporting. What they need to be is clickable, and ideally, worth stopping to read and tell others about. In essence, the articles should cause a traffic jam of young, wired readers. Hence the not so clever name, Rubber Necker. 
But clicks, above all else, are the name of the game, and to improve my chances of getting the minimum number of clicks to keep my job (a number that is never shared with me), I must publish as many stories as I can. This means working fast and very dirty. Helen calls this gonzo-style, but such a reference is the height of perversion, and in truth what I do is closer to porn than Hunter S. Thompson. 
I have become adept at skimming through headlines, linking to wire reports and scanning through my inbox, looking for halfway decent press releases to run. 
My job is made more difficult when 1) Fuckable Coworker talks to me and 2) Helen asks me to do “real journalism.” The former is sometimes a welcome distraction, if only because it gives me a chance to further refine my mental image of Fuckable Coworker’s inviting mouth, light pink lips and ivory white teeth. The latter is always a nuisance. Talking to sources, digging up information, and fact checking only slow me down. But I am a features writer, which means that several times a week I owe Helen something that looks like real journalism. In truth, my feature-writing skills and my knack for compelling headlines are the only things that keep my job from being outsourced to a team of Indian monkeys who prefer instant coffee and don’t know how to ask for a raise.
FUCK YOU, MOTHERFUCKER! I’M GOING TO JACK-KNIFE YOUR ASSHOLE!
That’s the subject line of an email I nearly delete. But with that kind of anger, it’s got to be worth a read, so I open it, reasoning that good stories often come at bizarre prices.
You are scum. You are less than scum. You are the dripping fecal matter that oozes from the aftermath of a thunderous, but unsatisfying, bowel movement. You aspire to be the log-like crap that has sunk our society deep into a morass of bile, venom and plasticity. But you never will be that hearty brick of shit that dooms us all. At most, you will merely be a purveyor of shit. A shit-booster, never a shitter. 
You don’t know shit about me. But I have read up on you, shit-merchant! I am coming for you, shit-merchant! I’m coming to jack-knife your asshole.
When you get several hundred emails a day, you’re bound to get some kooks. Emails like this make me want to start a blog of the worst of the breed. It’s a sad fact, but people like the worst of something far more than they like the best of anything. Major fortunes have been made with this insight. Just ask Rupert Murdoch.
I don’t recognize the sender’s name (MaverickLovesGoose), so I move the email to a file I have marked for my “worst email” blog, assuming it to be from one of the Web’s many authentic whackadoos. Someday I will start that blog, concoct a stunt to bring in the traffic and put up some of those Google AdSense ads so I can retire to a sleepy beach town somewhere far away, kind of like that song Baker Street.
Someday.
But what I must do now is stop thinking about death. There are deadlines to meet. 
I must be cracking a wry smile as I think about the relationship between death and deadlines because Fuckable Coworker zips into the office surmising that I had a wonderful weekend.
There’s no point in disabusing her of that notion, so I smile and say I’ve got work to do, which is true. I’ll fantasize about her tear-drop-shaped tits after lunch.
Besides the mullets, I have no idea what I should write about today. But that’s really not all that unusual. Most mornings I ask only one question: what would Google do?
Google, I’m pretty sure, is more important than Jesus. Here’s why: You can Google Jesus, but you can’t Jesus Google. When your name becomes a verb, you’ve really got something.
Unfortunately, I’ll never really know what Google will do because Google itself doesn’t know. Google simply aggregates what everyone is searching for in real-time, which means it gives you an instant snapshot of the minds of billions of people. What I must do is predict that snapshot, minus the porn searches, of course. There are stories out there, weird stories from local news papers, wire stories that perpetrate really big lies and investigative stories that drive at the heart of what ought to matter in the world. But the truth is that all of those stories drown each other out in a sea of gibberish. Well, not all of them. In any given category, a handful rise to the top and the publishers that quickly bring the right stories to their audiences generally are rewarded with traffic. 
It’s kind of like a worldwide gong show. And just like The Gong Show there are advertisers that demand viewers, or as the case may be, clicks. Little mouse clicks from anonymous users are the new currency. The more times you can successfully answer the What would Google do? question, the more clicks you’ll get. It’s that simple. But of course, it’s also terribly complex—fascinating and dull all at once. 
I drink my coffee and pick a slate of six stories my editor and I believe will register with an audience of tech-savvy young people who have oodles of disposable income and gnat-like attention spans. Broadly speaking, our mission is to disseminate “valuable content” to Generation X and Y readers. But that’s all just bullshit for venture capitalists and advertisers too lazy to actually read our “product.” Honestly, I have no idea what the fuck our mission really means, so I usually try and pick the six weirdest stories that seem interesting to people who spend way too much time online. For example, last week I wrote a feature about an allegedly gay guy who destroyed his TiVo. I chose this story because 1) a TiVo is a popular device among young people, 2) homosexuality seems to be an issue that both rivets and divides most Americans and 3) the idea that a machine was telling a human what to watch, which somehow prompted that human to rebel against the machine, reminded me of the movie 2001, except that LSD probably wasn’t involved in any part of the TiVo story. Although I can’t be certain about the LSD because I really didn’t have much time to fact check the gay/TiVo piece because Fuckable Coworker had an exposed midriff that day.
These are the headlines for today:
Mullets make a comeback
Study: Chicks dig iPhone users
True rumor? Dustin Diamond, TV’s “Screech,” has a sex tape  
Man proposes to woman via txt
New book reveals secret life of emoticons
Spam email turns 30
***
I file my last story, the one about spam turning 30, and hope that Helen doesn’t ask me why anyone cares about a milestone for unwanted emails. I don’t have an answer to that question because I couldn’t give a shit how old spam is.
It hasn’t been a good day, and I’m pretty much content to stare at my monitor for the next seventeen minutes before we’re free to go. 
“Do you think people will understand that txt means text?” Fuckable Coworker asks.
I want to tell her to shut up. Anyone with a decent phone and a social life will know that “txt” means text. This day has been misery. Writing about nothing is hard work when your mind is focused on the murder of The Girl Who Got Away. But this isn’t a concept that’s easy to explain to Fuckable Coworker, who always seems to have a knack for asking stupid questions at the wrong time. For the life of me, I can’t figure out why she insists on directing those questions to me.
“I think they’ll get it,” I say, not looking away from my screen.
“Well, because I’m not sure. Remember when you wrote that entire article as a text message? It was hilarious, but our readers didn’t get it, they just called you an idiot and told you to spell check.”
Technically, this is a true story. I did indeed write an article about the emergence of the new text message language in that very language (I even outlined four chapters of a novel in that language and then quickly abandoned the project because of a massive headache brought about by proofing the copy). But Fuckable Coworker is wrong on several fronts. First, it wasn’t a hilarious article; it was just witty. I never expected anyone to laugh out loud. At most, I expected a few mild guffaws and some extra traffic from people forwarding the article to their friends. Second, the story was our highest rated piece that month. Third, Helen and our publisher, Mark, were ecstatic to see that I had received hate mail because anger leads to more clicks than do satisfaction or happiness.
Like a lot of people born in the late ‘70s, not quite old enough to escape the Internet, and not quite young enough to understand it, Fuckable Coworker will always labor under the delusion that quality beats quantity online, when in fact, the exact opposite is true. 
***
I can’t be certain, but I think it all began in 1994ish. Honestly, I can’t really remember, but somewhere around then I recall thinking that it was normal to go on the Internet. In a year, I’d be away at college, and I had heard stories about how kids older than I were given something called email accounts that they used to write their friends from high school. For the life of me, I can’t even remember what the fuck there was to look at or do on the Internet back then. But a year later I swear I laughed my ass off when my friend Melissa drank three bottles of Old English, printed up something called a forward and read us Smurf porn. Because it was straight Smurf porn, the whole story was pretty much an account of a giant gangbang with Smurfette at the center. That was a hilarious story, and we laughed so hard that it wasn’t until hours later that someone pointed out how creepy it was that Papa Smurf finished her off. (Thankfully, there were no comments on forwards, and so we were free to form our own opinions, even if they took hours or even days to materialize.) 
We loved the Internet when I was in college, probably because it was filled with meaningless delights, even though the Web wasn’t so big that it actually mattered to anyone.
When I left college, I was vaguely aware that there was a bubble, even though nobody used that word. I suspected that there was a bubble, when in my junior year, my friend Jim “Joke, Joke” Basch was offered what sounded like a king’s ransom to be a consultant.
News that Joke, Joke was being hired as a consultant was even funnier than Smurf porn. Joke, Joke was renowned for not being able to speak without uttering something truly insulting. He typically, though not always, concluded his offensive remarks with the words Joke, Joke in a half-hearted attempt to rectify whatever malice his words may have caused.
When Joke, Joke told me about the job, I wondered if he had told the recruiter to fuck himself with a plastic spork. It was an honest question, but Joke, Joke didn’t dignify it with a response.
“I’ll have to rent an apartment,” he declared, the immaturity almost draining from his face. “Do you know how much a one-bedroom should go for in Manhattan?”
I looked around Joke, Joke’s room, a place he affectionately called the shithole. 
“You don’t even have a fucking bed frame,” I objected, pointing to a cum-stained mattress he had clung to for all the years that I had known him.
“You’re right. I’ll have to get one of those, too.”
“I still don’t understand how you’re going to tell a multimillion dollar company what to do when you don’t know anything about anything.”
Somehow that hurt him. It was the first time I had ever seen Joke, Joke without a whisky-tilted smile on his face.
“Dot-com is a young business,” he said. “Besides, I took economics, I’m graduating Phi Beta Kappa, and I have a 4.0.”
You took economics at your local community college, you don’t even know that Phi Beta Kappa is Greek and you cheated on half your tests, I didn’t say.
I remember thinking that if Joke, Joke, my friend, but admittedly a loutish bozo who spent three years telling me I should join the Marines because I needed to do something nuts or I’d go crazy; this buffoon, this numbskull, this mental midget would make four times our private school tuition to tell Microsoft what to do; if that was the case, I knew that my generation was fucked.
Two years later, I was neck deep in grad school trying desperately to keep from growing up when I heard that word bubble. It was on some news report, and I don’t really remember what the story was about because I was cooking fajitas for two cute undergrads. But basically, some cable news guy was saying that none of these dot-coms were really profitable. I remember thinking that everyone already knew that because back in those days no sane person thought you’d shop for a pet online.  
“I thought everyone knew the Internet was for porn,” I said to the two undergrads. But because I was high, I think the word porn came out kind of creepy, like I was telling them that I’m the dude who looks at the weird German shit or the guy who can’t get wood unless it’s an Asian site. 
The girls left after the fajitas, and before I began my forever-fruitless search for nude pictures of quirky girls, I saw that I had an email from Joke, Joke. 
It was basically a mass email, which weren’t so common as to be offensive back then, and it told me (us) that Joke, Joke had gotten out of the consulting business just in the nick of time. Advising dot-coms on how to become profitable had been profitable for him at least, and now he planned to set his sights on investment banking. In short, he would help fuel America’s economy with billions of dollars in cheap cash—no questions asked. 
Rather than shopping for a pet, I searched for cum-guzzling quirky girls and wondered what could go wrong?
Three years later I was out of grad school, unemployed and living in my parent’s condo wondering how I was going to buy The Girl Who Got Away tacos at La Fogata. As it turned out, the Internet would provide after all.
***
A paycheck falls onto my keyboard and I look up to see our publisher, Mark. In theory, he runs the company, but I’m pretty sure the sales people in New York tell him what the score is, which means that my paycheck is brought to me by our advertisers, and that means the inmates are definitely running the asylum. 
Mark’s beady blue eyes bore in on me. He looks at me like I don’t deserve my salary. I can’t blame him because it appears as though I’ve been staring blankly at my screen all day. But the truth is that if Mark could figure out a way to sell webcam footage of me starring at my computer all day, he’d call me into his office and order me not to move—ever.
“Nice work on that TiVo story, the traffic was awesome,” Mark says. “That homo really went to town on his TiVo, huh?” 
“Still, last week’s total traffic was below our six-month average,” Fuckable Coworker says. 
Mark eyes me, and I think he wants to know if I’m going to take the bait. But I don’t really understand why he thinks that I would care. We get paid to bullshit about bullshit, and measuring the traffic of one of our stories feels like gauging the distance on your cumshots when you masturbate. Maybe that’s what Zeiger means about the difference between meaning and matter, I wonder quietly to myself.
A voice shrieks, spoofing the sound of a factory whistle, which is just fucking weird for people who work in flip-flops and are allowed to watch YouTube at their desks. But this is the new bubble, the one that’s sweeping the world. We think everything matters, but we don’t know what any of it fucking means because we’re like crackheads tearing a house apart, looking for spare change. 
I am so wrapped up in my own shit that I have somehow failed to notice  Fuckable Coworker is standing over my desk, the tops of her creamy pink areolas rising out of her lace bra as she leans in to ask, “Are you getting out of here?”
I nod my head, and Fuckable Coworker asks if I want her to wait for me.
“If you want, I just need to shut down,” I say.
Fuckable Coworker smiles and I wonder if she spits or swallows. 
“What are you doing tonight?”
Before closing my email, I see a message from the guy who called me a shit-merchant earlier:
You’re going to die!



5-0


I’m trying to focus on Fuckable Coworker’s ass as she veers off toward her assigned parking space. One of the virtues of assigned parking is that I can stare at her ass for thirty yards, watching her tiny butt cheeks dance up and down as her long legs close the distance to her car. This is easily my favorite part of the day, and it’s why I asked her to wait.
“Take a picture, chucklehead. It’ll last longer,” an unfamiliar voice says.
I swivel away from Fuckable Coworker and turn to see a pudgy black face perched three feet above the kind of beer-gut you develop after a lifetime of six-pack nights and weekend softball games. But his barrel chest and freakishly long arms tell me that he isn’t the sort of man who’d lose a fistfight. At least, not against a guy like me.
I give a half-smile and unlock my car, surmising that nothing good can come of this meeting. 
“Don’t do that, cupcake,” the mystery man says, like he’s somehow been appointed king of the parking lot.
I reach for my door, but his hand intercepts me, his swinging arm revealing a gun tucked against his ribs.
“Look,” I say, stalling for time, “I don’t want any trouble.”
The stranger shoots me a quizzical look.
“I’ve got cash,” I volunteer. “It’s all yours.”
“Are you trying to bribe me, boy?”
“If that’s how you see it, then yes.”
I give up without a fight, and it doesn’t take long for the stranger to put the handcuffs on. 
***
“Aren’t you supposed to tell me what the charge is?” I ask.
There’s no answer from Detective Boyd, who grumbles his name as he guides me into the back seat of his unmarked car. My repeated questions evaporate into the nothingness of his mobile domain as Boyd blows through the parking gate without payment or an explanation of “official police business.”
“I know my rights, you know. This is a violation!”
There’s some noise on the radio, but it’s all in code, so I can’t tell if the LAPD is responding to a riot or chattering about a new place to dump pimps and junkies who cross them now that the crackerjacks at the LA Times are wise to the bodies put to rest in Echo Park. Or, maybe there’s just a sale at Yum-Yum Donuts. 
“Seriously, this is a fucking travesty of justice. You can’t fucking do this! You have no right.”
“But I am doing it,” Boyd replies in a monotone voice. “I’m a cop, and that is right, dingle berry.”
“Yeah, but it’s not legal.”
“Neither is trying to bribe a cop.”
“I didn’t do that.”
“You offered me cash to leave you alone.”
“I didn’t know you were a cop.”
“So, you’re not denying that you tried to offer me money?”
My silence snuffs out our brief exchange, and as Boyd makes his way onto the freeway, I sink back into my seat. The cuffs pinch at my wrists; the car smells like takeout Chinese and a decade of cop-farts. 
As we merge onto the freeway, Boyd grumbles about the traffic, and I get the sense that he’s one of those guys who either grumbles or yells. 
“You’re a cop,” I say, “Hit the lights.”
“That’s the first smart idea you’ve had, fruit loop.” Boyd says as he punches a button and slams on the gas.
“What’s with the names?” I ask. “Are these insults supposed to mean something?”
“They mean I own your ass, and I’ll call you what comes to mind.”
“But they don’t make any sense!”
“Take that up with the LA Unified School District—4.0 GPA, numb nuts.”
We fly downtown in less than ten minutes, and as we zip past the stationary cars, I wonder why I was in such a hurry to go to jail?
***
I see fourteen cops on my way from the car to an interrogation room, and I tell each one of them that I want a lawyer. Twelve of them chuckle; the other two don’t acknowledge me at all.
Boyd cuffs me to an aging metal desk and then leaves the room without saying a word.
From all the movies I’ve seen, I’m certain that the cops are watching me, so I focus on trying to look cool. But I realize that unless you’re Bruce Willis, there’s no possible way to look cool when you’re cuffed to a piece of furniture. 
I wait. Hours. Minutes. Days. I can’t tell. But it doesn’t really matter how long. I am here to wait.
***
The terror has turned to boredom and it’s about two hours (I think) into my ordeal when it occurs to me that something is missing from the script. In college I used to cut Political Science to eat hot wings and watch Law & Order, and I know for a fact (I think) that they’re supposed to book me. I’m certain that I’m also supposed to get one phone call, although I’m not sure if I’m required to call collect. It seems strange that the state would pay for your phone calls, but then again, it seems strange that some scoundrel can just pluck you off the street while you’re admiring a co-worker’s ass. At any rate, the phone call means calling Zeiger, since his is the only number I know by heart—such is the nature of incarceration in the digital age. When push comes to shove, your friends are the people whose numbers you have committed to memory, despite what the scumbags at Facebook say. 
“I want to make a phone call,” I scream to no one at all. 
“Let me make a fucking phone call!”
My scream echoes through the small, dark room and it is apparent that I am all alone. There’s no point in screaming, I realize. But I give it a few more shots because 1) I always secretly wanted my Attica moment and 2) I have nothing better to do.
A solitary tear wells up inside my right eye, and as I blink it begins its long trek down the side of my cheek.
I don’t want to break my crying streak, which now stands at three years, one month and twelve days. The tears back up inside me and my head sinks low into my chest. 
Zeiger’s words come back to me. Though I can’t be certain what this all means, I know it matters—at least to me.
A trance-like sleep comes over me, and I succumb. I drift back into the recesses of my mind, where the Girl Who Got Away is still alive and I’m buried deep in her perfumed bosom for the first time.
***
“When I was in high school, if you took your date here, the rule was that she had to let you get to second base if you could manage to buy a beer,” I said to The Girl Who Got Away as I held the door for her at La Fogata.
“I thought you came for the tacos,” she said.
“Those are good, too,” I said, putting my hand on her waist to guide her into the restaurant.
We ordered tacos and when the cashier asked me what I wanted to drink, I looked right at The Girl Who Got Away, smiled and let my eyes migrate down to the red tank top that cradled her ivory white breasts.
“Beer,” I said. “Two?”
“Sure,” The Girl Who Got Away answered. “But don’t think you’re getting to second base tonight.”
“Rules are rules,” I said as I reached for my last twenty dollars on Earth to pay for our tacos and beer.
“What about going Dutch?” she asked, holding open her wallet.
“No, you’re a guest.”
“You don’t have to buy me dinner to see my boobs,” she whispered in my ear. “I’m not that kind of girl. Besides, this isn’t high school.”
With that, The Girl Who Got Away handed her share of the check to the cashier, grabbed our beers and found us a table where we spent hours talking about important things like why fat-free half-and-half is evidence that advertisers are perfectly comfortable lying to everyone and the fact that Captain Ron is a savagely underrated film. I told her that I believed the Dodgers would never win another World Series because the era of free agency had given us wannabe movie stars, not ball players. She educated me on the growing gap between rich and poor when it comes to access to important things like healthcare, education, and technology, which was why she decided to become a social worker—to champion justice for those too weak to do it for themselves, she said. And then she told me about working hard to stop some scoundrel developer from Boston who I had never heard of from ripping up the slums downtown. “But there’s nothing to do down there,” I told her, which somehow caused The Girl Who Got Away to confess that she’s a sucker for Abba-Zaba bars (mostly because they last longer than any other candy bars. 
I explained that Mr. Pibb is really just Dr. Pepper (perhaps because some people aren’t comfortable with doctors). She told me that she had thrown rotten tomatoes at George Bush’s inaugural motorcade. Then she explained that she had felt terrible about it for weeks, which prompted her to go to confession for the first time since she was thirteen. That led her to focus her attention on things she could fix. She went to school for social work and moved to Los Angeles a few years later because it “seemed like the most fucked-up city in the country.” She explained that she was also helping a civil rights lawyer bring a corrupt cop to justice in her spare time. He had been shaking down local businesses in East LA. She had organized the community, raised funds to hire a lawyer, and generally set about raising hell, all within a few weeks of moving to the most fucked-up city in the country.  
She told me she wanted to save the world from itself, and then asked me what I wanted to do with my time on Earth.
“Make out with you,” I said. She laughed, and at the time I thought it was a good answer.
***
“Wake the fuck up, Attica!” Boyd screams, his voice prying me away from a more pleasant time. “Don’t you know that only guilty men sleep when they’re caught? Are you guilty, motherfucker?”
I nearly answer no, but the moniker—motherfucker—rattles me. 
“You’re supposed to talk when I ask you a fucking question, sweet meat! Open your mouth, it’s the orifice where your boyfriend’s dick goes in.”
Grumbling Boyd is on a break, I suppose. 
“What, you want a fucking lawyer, right?”
I nod.
“Motherfucker, that just means you’re guilty. You’ll be a cum-depository for some white supremacist Aryan dirt bag in Chino a month from now. They’re going to rip out your eyes and dip their sweaty balls in the sockets.”
“Look, I didn’t try to bribe you. I thought you were mugging me.”
“Because I’m black? Maybe they’ll give you a little jailhouse love-tat. How about an Iron Cross with a heart around it for the human hump-bag?”
Boyd presses his hard finger against the fleshy part of my chest so that I can imagine the jailhouse art.
“Where were you Friday night?”
“Eating tacos at La Fogata.”
“In the Valley?”
“They don’t make good tacos on this side of the hill.”
Boyd actually smiles for a second. At least I think that was a smile. But his teeth, sharp and coffee-stained, still look menacing. He thumps his belly as if alerting it to the possibility of a taco-run sometime soon.
“So, you were in the Valley. What time?”
“Nine… What does this have to do with me bribing you? Allegedly bribing you,” I correct.
“Who’s asking the fucking questions, monkey butt?”
“Well, I guess we both are,” I say, regretting my words. This is no time to be a smart ass.
“So, you were in the Valley at nine. Were you alone?”
“Yeah.”
“Meet anyone?”
“Well, I bumped into an old friend.”
“Why didn’t you mention that?”
“She died. I guess it seems strange to mention someone who’s no longer with us.”
“You writers and your fucking euphemisms. Why don’t you just say she’s worm food? Or, that she’s presently draining St. Peter’s ball sauce, if you believe in that afterlife bullshit.”
It strikes me as odd that Boyd would know a word like euphemism, but what I can’t figure out is what her death means to Boyd. I know her murder matters to me because she’s The Girl Who Got Away… and always will be now. But for the life of me, I can’t figure out why we’re having this conversation.
“Look,” I say, “I know you like to ask the questions, but I’m just a little shaken up here. This weekend I found out that she had been murdered, which is more than a little weird, if you ask me. That kind of shit has never happened in my life. I mean, I’ve slept with a dead girl. I’m only thirty. I thought I would be at least sixty before that happened. It’s fucking weird. And I used to love that dead girl. And then I had to go to work and write about nothing, I mean absolutely fucking nothing, which is normal, but all the while all I could think about was her, and then you arrest me. And I didn’t even tell you about the other strange shit, like the fucking emails that I got today, and seeing Melrose Larry Green and…”
I run out of breath.
“Anything else?”
“Nothing, it’s just been a rough few days,” I sigh.
“I thought you had a question for me,” Boyd says, flashing those coffee-stained whites. “Or was that all just one big jerk-off?”
“Why am I here?”
“The girl was murdered. So was her boyfriend. I like you as a suspect.”


Things to Do in Los Angeles When You’re Wanted for Murder


A police cruiser drops me off back at work so I can get my car. The officer repeats Boyd’s instructions not to leave town; it’s all very much like the movies, except I have no plan—I’m not cut out to be a protagonist.  
The officer drives off before I can unlock my Corolla. 
It’s past midnight when I get home. Sleeping is out of the question. A reasonable man would call a lawyer, and I know a few, but they’re all family friends and I don’t want to wake them at this hour. Besides, they’ll just call my parents, and I’d just as soon not deal with that. 
I call Zeiger, but there’s no answer. One thing about the middleclass establishment: they can be counted on not to answer the phone after midnight. Avoiding trouble is instinctive for anyone with something to lose, and when you’re married and trying to have a kid, nothing good can come from a midnight phone call.
I turn on my laptop. Landing on Google’s homepage, I’m mesmerized by the vast whiteness of it all. Aside from the odd kung fu movie, I’ve never subscribed to any Eastern philosophy, but looking at the blank possibility of Google, I have to conclude that this is the closest I’ll ever come to having a Zen moment. Before me is the entire world—anything and everything I could possibly want—but I have no idea what to search for. It’s like getting lost at a cartographer’s convention. I see everything and nothing all at once—too much and too little simultaneously—and it’s freaking me out. I can search the sum total of human knowledge, but I’m no closer to figuring out what it all means.
My life is nothing more than a blank interface. I write the words that dupe robots into thinking Rubber Necker has what some other human is really looking for. I write for the Web, but the truth is that I write for an algorithm that has no mercy. And when you ask Google what it all means, you better not be feeling lucky because all you’ll get is a Wikipedia page that some anonymous asshole put together to drive traffic to the resources he has a vested interest in promoting. But dig deeper into the Web, and it doesn’t get much better. In fact, it gets worse. 
The Internet is no place for an existential crisis. Being connected to everyone and everything ought to be illuminating. The truth is, it’s madness—a tower of babble moving at the speed of light, and there’s no way off the mountain.
If someone told me when I was a kid that a machine would be able to connect all humanity, I would’ve hoped that it would be the beginning of some sort of nirvana. And maybe that’s what we all would’ve thought before the invention of the Web. But as it turns out, we were all looking for one big jerk-off. We’re headless chickens running wild because we don’t know we’re dead. 
There are porn sites that exist in some kind of bizarre suspended animation where women of all shapes, colors, and sizes suck and fuck on command. There are blogs dedicated to cataloging funny t-shirts and armies of hipsters who can think of no better business venture than to commercialize irony. There are forums where half-crazed politicos trade vicious assaults that CNN and The New York Times turn into news, as if a guy who goes by the handle ObamaJunkie122 matters when the President talks about the crippling national debt. There are social networks where militant vegans trade recipes for spicing up their favorite legumes, and offer tips on combating attacks of gas. It is possible to watch literally thousands of videos of bums fighting, and if you’ve got a tabbed browser you can set the scene to Coldplay’s Viva La Vida while playing blackjack with a pasty-faced Norwegian kid who goes by the handle BigDickChewbacca.
Not that the Web isn’t practical. There are sites that automatically comparison shop for you so that you won’t pay a penny more than you have to for a new Xbox, because even the zombie fighters are on a budget these days. 
In seconds, I can ascertain the temperature on Easter Island in case I ever want a firsthand look at how a civilization literally killed itself off. There are countless blogs that tell me that the reason the Dodgers didn’t win it all in 2008 was because the girl who played Tony Danza’s daughter on Who’s the Boss went from fucking their star pitcher to boning their star catcher. I can get fantastic coverage of genocide in Africa, too, and commiserate with the planet’s most earnest citizens about the fact that nobody really gives a damn about the “important things.” I can get directions to almost anywhere on Earth, and I love that. I can find a date, rent an apartment and outfit it with furniture all without leaving my keyboard. 
But I can’t find what I’m searching for.    
I slam the computer shut, rip it from the wall and race out of my apartment, the laptop tucked under my arm, all before I have time to contemplate or fear my hasty scramble. 
I’m not planning that far ahead, but when I see the stairwell, I choose up. The stairs barely register as I take them two at a time. Like most buildings in Los Angeles, my apartment isn’t more than four stories, and I’m at the end of the line in no time at all. There’s a metal door that blocks the tenants from getting on the roof, which is a shame because the building has an amazing view of the Hollywood sign. 
My first night in the apartment, The Girl Who Got Away brought me a six-pack of Red Stripe that we drank on the roof. We kissed and sipped and stared at the Hollywood sign. That was the last time I made love to her. There on my newly-rented roof, me pressed up behind her, both of us looking out at the city lights. I felt warm and connected to something, but where I saw our future, she saw something else. 
I haven’t been up on the roof in three years. I hate the view. But that’s where I’m standing right now, inches from where The Girl Who Got Away and I last made love. 
Apparently, my landlord never did get around to fixing the lock I jimmied. But the view looks different now, like looking back at a car wreck rather than forward at the open road.
If I step four inches to the right and move just a little closer to the wall, I can almost feel her ghost in the night. Slowly, I slide to the right, anchoring my feet where they once stood three years ago. My knees lock into place and my legs feel like they’re extending down through the roof beneath into the building, past the foundation, straight to the Earth’s core. 
There’s a force flowing through me that I’ve never known, and the memories of us come flashing back. I can smell her hair, sweet and soft. I can feel her caress, warm and electric. I can feel her body, evidence that there’s something more to life on this mud ball than I had previously suspected. 
But the truth is that The Girl Who Got Away has been dead for years. At least, she’s been dead to me. When you find such a person and things sour, figurative death is the only salvation. And it seems like the perfect plan, to the extent that anyone plans these sorts of escapes. I think it would’ve worked, except for one detail—I wasn’t prepared to lose her again, not for good. 
The cool air dries the tears on my face, the smell of baking donuts from the Yum-Yum across the street mixes with diesel fumes and the midnight rumble of Hollywood yields to a horrific scream.
It’s a primal yell, the kind you hear only once in your life. The yell pierces through the world, powered by the pent-up meaningless of life’s countless nothings. 
The scream is fierce. 
The scream is terrifying. 
The scream is me.
I fling my laptop out into the emptiness of the night. The machine rotates on its X-axis, arching up on a trajectory that appears to be in line with the heavens, but at its apex, somewhere just above Melrose, for no discernible reason, its rotation stops, its trajectory reverses and the machine plummets down to the street where it shatters into a thousand insignificant pieces.
Time to go.
***
Los Angeles is a car town. Like a Disney ride, it’s best if you keep your arms and legs safely inside the vehicle. 
As I pull out of my garage I realize two things: 1) I have no idea where I’m going and 2) I don’t care.
Hollywood on a weeknight night isn’t for amateurs. There are no tourists looking for celebrities, there are no hipsters preening for a shot at weekend glory, there are no misunderstandings about the essence of the place. Hollywood is a righteous and honest dream on a weeknight.
This is Los Angeles’ watering hole, and on weeknights, it is locals only. 
The bars are closing as I drive past Musso & Franks. They say the martinis there are the best in the city, but I’ve never had a drop of gin there. I go for the tomato soup. My grandfather took my dad there, who took me. I took The Girl Who Got Away for our anniversary once. 
***
There’s nothing downtown. We pretend that there’s something there, but that’s one of those lies we all just agree to believe and pass on because it makes living together a little bit easier. 
Downtown is where Angelenos put all the things they think a city is supposed to have. There’s a courthouse, where we prosecute—and acquit—our celebrities. There are theaters that most of us ignore and there are tall buildings that arch to the heavens in the land of the strip mall. There are bums and bankers, and they often rub elbows at The Pantry, where I find myself contemplating an omelet so overstuffed with fillings that it has morphed into something else entirely. 
What did The Girl Who Got Away see in this place? 
This is where the lonely people go. Thirty years in Los Angeles, and I’ve never gone downtown alone at night. We’re not the kind of city people who do civic things. But I take comfort in knowing that downtown exists at night. In a town that makes its living doubling as any city in the world, it’s important to know there’s a place where they don’t tear down the set after everyone’s gone home for the day. 
I never took The Girl Who Got Away downtown. That scene belonged to Lesser Me, and when I heard that her new boyfriend had a loft just off Hill Street, I knew he was the sort of asshole who would buy a place and insist that Los Angeles was just like any other city on Earth. 
I wish I knew what she saw in him. 
***
The 101 says it all. Angelenos have a curious naming structure for their highways. Just as New Yorkers refer to their city as “the city”—as if it is the only urban enclave worthy of the name—Angelenos ascribe a singular identity to the miles of elevated concrete that connect them. The 101, the 405, the 10; these are the only freeways on Earth, the only ones that matter.
The 101 juts out from the city’s core, cuts through a pass in the mountains, and blazes west and north through the San Fernando Valley until the vastness of the Pacific Ocean bends it due north, where it snakes up California’s coastline. 
Without counting, I know that I’ve spent years of my life on this freeway.
But this is the Valley at night, and unless you want to bowl, eat deli or show your date the Little League field where you first tasted the perfection of victory and the normality of defeat, there isn’t much to do.
When I see the sign for Van Nuys Boulevard, I cut right across five empty lanes without checking my rearview mirror for speeding drunks. I point the car down the ramp, as a rare Warren Zevon song comes on the radio. I wait far too long to turn left at a meaningless red light.
Just north of me, you’ll find La Fogata and the largest police station in the Valley. I’m heading south when Warren’s haunting voice tells me: 
If California falls into the ocean, like mystics and statistics say it will, I predict this motel will be standing, until I pay my bill.
I cross Ventura, which is the only remotely hip street in the Valley, and duck in behind the boulevard’s fancy shops to roam the tree-lined streets that cower at the base of the mountains. 
Greenleaf, Dickens and Valley Vista are the quiet shortcuts that only locals know. And if you grew up here, you can traverse the length of Valley without ever stopping at a street light. You just have to know where to turn.
The Girl Who Got Away lived on Dickens, not far from Pita Kitchen, which meant that she got custody of the best falafels in Los Angeles when we broke up. 
I kept the tacos, or so I thought.
Her apartment is a two-story affair built when I was a kid. Her car, a Honda Civic that’s seen better days, guards the driveway, unaware that its owner will never return. 
I wonder who will move it now that she’s gone, as I try not to dwell on the fact that we ended it in the front seat when she told me I wasn’t that great. 
Those words—You’re not that great—have haunted me ever since. Who says that? And what does that really mean? Over endless cups of coffee with Zeiger I’ve thrown millions of questions his way about girls, especially The Girl Who Got Away. But I never had the courage to ask what her assertion of my mediocrity really means, although I know it matters. 
I should be alone, but there’s someone in the shadows. At least I think there is. Someone with pale skin that reflects the moonlight. Or, maybe I’m just seeing things. I don’t know how long I’ve been parked in front of her house, but I’m certain that I’ve been here long enough to be noticed. And in an instant the facts of her murder sink in. She’s gone and I’m going to be held responsible. My alibis include an inept pot dealer and an emotionally unstable girl whose text messages I ignored. If I were famous, these are the kind of details that would help me beat the rap—unstable women and dopey drug dealers are a ratings bonanza. But I am not famous, and nobody will cover my trial, which means that even Marcia Clark could put me away for life. 
Would the police put a man outside her house to see if I would be stupid enough to return to the scene of the crime? 
Why am I so stupid as to visit the scene of the crime?
I start the engine and race for the 101.
***
I love the beach, but I hate the sand. 
Friends who didn’t grow up here are horrified to learn that I haven’t been to the beach in more than a decade. 
I moved here for the beach, they explain, shaking their heads with a mixture of disgust and pity.
Looking back, there were more than a few occasions when The Girl Who Got Away would suggest a trip to the beach. I always declined, and nothing more was said about that, which was odd because The Girl Who Got Away had a knack for dwelling on everything—the quality I loved most about her. 
The Girl Who Got Away could speak eloquently about the failures of the Democratic Party to galvanize support among poor whites, and then transition seamlessly into the peculiar way that I eat my beloved black-and-white cookies. She actually did that once after a drunken night that ended at Canter’s Deli on Fairfax. We hadn’t officially begun dating then, but when she compared my decision to eat the entire black section of the cookie first to the misperceptions of race relations commonly held by liberals, she immediately piqued my interests because I am a devotee of absurdist arguments, especially those that extrapolate significant revelations from mundane events and baked goods. We both loved Seinfeld in a meta kind sort of way.
When she managed to somehow convincingly make the case—through the cookie—that liberals fixate on race issues in all the wrong places, I vowed to kiss her. When she talked about how she had decided to become a social worker because she wanted to change the world while slyly nabbing a mixed-color chunk of my cookie and repaying me with a wink, I was certain that I had to marry her.    
But here I am sitting on Zuma Beach… waiting. If The Girl Who Got Away could see me now…
I’m not here for anything mystical because I’m not the sort of guy to find a deeper meaning in something like a sunrise. I am here because it’s literally the end of the road. This is it. 
But what I realize as the sun breaks through the darkness behind me is that I am often wrong.
I am so good at being wrong, in fact, that I make my living at misreporting information. I rearrange half-truths from unverified sources into digestible bits of nothingness. It’s a curious thing to make a living as a writer who is paid to say nothing at all. 
The rising sun paints my shadow into the crashing waves. I tear off my clothes and rush pell-mell into the bubbling white surf. I am looking for me, but no matter how much I thrash about, I can’t catch my shadow in the cold water. 
I splash and dive, looking for myself, but with each attempt the emptiness sinks in. I might as well be the shadow, and for all I know, I am. 
Exhausted, I sink into the shallow water, the wet sand forming a base around me. Waves pummel my face and each assault knocks me deeper into the swirling mud. I just let it all happen.
There’s nothing but the water, the Earth and me. Life doesn’t matter and it doesn’t mean anything. 
I let go, and put the matter in fate’s hands.


Tuesday
Washed Up On Habit Beach


When I wake up naked on the beach, salt clinging to my hair, sand caked to my body, I am indifferent. This is not what I expected; it’s just morning.
A jogger has stopped to check on me. When I cough, she appears relieved that I am not dead. When I stand up, she seems distressed that I am not wearing any clothes.
“Are you all right?” she asks.
I knock the sand off my torso, gather my clothes in my arms and walk to the public shower without answering her.
As I shiver in the cold of the morning, I do my best to clean off the sand and salt. But I am grateful that I am without soap. This may be my last trip to the ocean, and I want the smell of the place to linger in my nostrils when they lock me up. 
I pat myself dry and squeeze uncomfortably into the clothes I wore the day before. I am as free as I’ll ever be.
I drive down PCH with the windows down, letting the air whisk away the moisture on my skin.
The office isn’t far, and when I get there I march to my desk. I boot up my computer and wait like a sprinter locked in his starting block. This is the routine, whether it matters or not. But maybe it does mean something. Maybe. 
***
“They’re paying me to write, isn’t that awesome?” I told The Girl Who Got Away over tacos at La Fogata the night I got my first career break. “Staff writer, isn’t that a cool title?”
“That’s fantastic,” she said. “What will you write about?”
“I’m not really sure. They, I mean we, I mean, Rubber Necker covers Web culture, so I guess that’s pretty broad.”
“Maybe you could write about the digital divide,” she suggested. 
One of her many projects when she wasn’t organizing against police brutality or leading the charge against corrupt developers, was helping a poverty lawyer downtown sue the state to provide better computers and Internet access to inner city schools. A laptop and an Internet connection could be the “silver bullet” when it comes to poverty, she constantly told me. 
“I don’t know how political I can get, but I’ll pitch it.”
“It’s all political,” she told me.  But she was genuinely happy for me, and for the first time in a while, life was looking up. The Internet had provided, despite my early disbelief. 
“What’s a story that on the site right now?” she asked.
“Um. I think the top story is ‘10 Reasons Why Friendster Is Lame.’”
“Sounds fascinating. Are you sure that’s what you want?”
“What do you mean?”
“It’s just a little soft, that’s all. Kind of fluffy for such an opinionated guy.”
We walked out of La Fogata, strolled through the park, and sat on the outfield grass. 
“You know baseball is the only game where the defense controls the ball,” I told her between kisses. “It’s nearly impossible to score, and even the best hitters fail seventy percent of the time.”
“You’re going to score,” she said, moving her hand between my legs.
“That’s not what I meant,” I said.
“I know. Failure comes with the territory. Is that what you learned here?”
“That, and to hit the cutoff man.”
She unzipped my pants, put her head in my lap and took me inside her mouth, all without me knowing that my answer had disappointed her.
Arguments between couples are curious creatures. They simmer at length, boil over when you least expect them, and usually begin without you realizing it.
Three months later, I had saved enough money to get my own place. I thought that upward mobility would endear me to her, but mostly we just talked about how a writer without anything to say isn’t much of a writer.  
Looking back, I think the sight of my apartment, my new couch, and the IKEA furnishings that signaled a sense of permanency failed to impress her. Each piece of the middleclass puzzle seemed only to serve as evidence of my commitment to an altogether meaningless existence. 
“Do you care about what you’re doing, Ethan?” she asked me at Pita Kitchen the night before I moved out of my parent’s place and away from the Valley.
“I want to be a writer; they’re paying me to be a writer,” I said, tired of defending my job.
“That’s not what I asked. Having a title and a salary doesn’t make you a writer.”
“So, what does?”
“Having something to say and then saying it,” she said. “That makes you a writer.”
“So what am I?”
“You’re a writer, but you’re not saying what you think. It’s all so derivative. You just spit out this junk; it’s not you.”
“Would you rather make love in silence so my parents don’t hear? I could write whatever I want and we could fuck in silence. Would you like that?”
She looked down at the table, rearranged the falafel on her plate. 
“I know how much it means to you,” she said. “I’ve seen you struggle and I want you to be successful. I just don’t want you to lose sight of what matters.”
 “What matters is that I need the clips, and I need the salary. I need the respect.”
“But how can you get respect for writing something that’s meaningless?”
A few days later we made love for the last time atop my roof and shortly after that she told me I wasn’t that great. But I think that was her way of letting me down easy.  
***
It takes two minutes to warm up my computer. 
But before I can start typing, Helen instructs me to join her and Mark in the conference room. 
I rise, for the first time today worrying that the day-old clothes and ocean smell may give me away. But nobody notices my appearance, just as I fail to notice that most of the staff members are cleaning out their desks as I pass from the bullpen to the conference room.


I’ve Got to Have More Cow Bell


I’d rather be working, or at least pretending to work, but Helen and Mark have commanded me to sit and there isn’t much I can do about that. If I’ve learned anything in my career as a writer, it’s that I am not in charge when there’s money on the line. 
Helen is explaining that there are going to be some changes at the office, but I’m wondering why there’s a FedEx box sitting in front of Mark.
“Ethan, we’re very happy with your work. You know that, right?” Helen asks, her voice a little too nervous for my taste. 
“I guess so,” I say without taking my eyes off the box. 
Mark holds onto the box like a teenager afraid to let go of his first pair of tits.
“We’re letting a lot of the staff go; it’s for the best, and they understand.”
That’s a laughable statement, and I’d probably giggle at the idea of people gladly giving up their jobs for the good of the company, but that box is driving me nuts. It’s like that briefcase in Kiss Me Deadly, the movie Tarantino ripped off for Pulp Fiction. This is the difference between me and The Girl Who Got Away. She would’ve screamed bloody murder at such a patronizing phrase, they understand. She would’ve found a way to organize, file a lawsuit, plead with Mark, do anything to stem life’s downhill shit-run. 
But that was her. 
Me? I’m not that great.
I ask, “Am I fired?”
“No,” Helen says with a crooked laugh, as if my question has somehow sprung forth from left field, despite the fact that it is as obvious as Mark’s grip on the mysterious FedEx box.
My continued employment is good news because 1) I need money, and 2) I hurled my computer onto Melrose so my job is really the only place I have to surf the Web, even if I don’t know what I’m looking for.
 “Ethan, we’re going in a slightly different direction, and we want you to be a big part of that.”
I think I’m supposed to be happy about this, and so I shoot a crooked smile back at Helen and Mark. They each grin back at me like we’ve just agreed to double cross some poor sap in a film noir. But you don’t have to be Philip Marlowe to know that I’m the unlikeable sucker who gets double-crossed at the end of Act Two.
“You’re probably wondering what’s in the box,” Mark says.
No, I’m not that fucking curious, I don’t say. 
Mark opens the box and slides it across the table.
I look inside and find a shattered TiVo. It’s been broken into several dozen pieces, but I can identify it from the logo imprinted on a piece of plastic no bigger than a button.
“There’s a note, too,” Mark says, holding up an amateurish piece of paper that looks like a ransom note. 
“Someone went to a lot of trouble to write this,” Mark says. “They could have emailed, but instead they cut out letters from different newspapers and sent you a message. You know, like in the movies when the kidnappers want a ransom. Pretty cool, huh?”
Mark slides the paper over to me.
It reads: Fuck you, shit merchant! You will die.
“I can explain…”
“The traffic on your gay-TiVo story is through the roof,” Mark says. “That story blew up this weekend. It was huge. We’ve gotten more hits with that than we did all last month. Those fools at Gawker linked to it.”
“Oh. I see.”
“That’s pretty fucking awesome, Ethan!”
Mark is excited beyond belief. I think numbers turn him on, and sometimes I wonder if his idea of foreplay is an Excel spreadsheet. I hold back a smirk as an image of Mark fucking his wife while screaming “Data sort, bitch!” races through my mind.  
“We’re promoting you to senior writer,” Helen says.
“Are there any other writers?” I ask.
“No,” Mark says. “We’re going to be lean and mean, and we want you to go after more stories like this one. Mix things up, spark a controversy. I don’t care. Just make it clickable. I want more page views. I don’t care how you get it, but I want this kind of traffic, only bigger.”
“Do I get a raise with my new title?”
“No.”
“But with all that traffic, we’ve got to be making a lot more money. And we’re doing it with a smaller staff.”
“Profit margins are razor-thin,” Mark explains. “This isn’t a good business, Ethan.”
“Then why are we in this business?”
Mark and Helen laugh.
“You’re a funny guy, Ethan. Now, go channel some of that wit into content. Find the next gay-TiVo story. Or get me a killer list. Do what you do, but bring in some more hate mail like this.” 
“What about the death threat?” I ask, pointing to the crude note.
“That’s not serious,” Mark says. 
“It builds character,” Helen adds.
I leave the conference room and walk back to my desk, wondering where I’ll find the next gay-TiVo story.
Fuckable Coworker is crying as she says goodbye to the staff. From here on out, it will be a department of three. I will sling the shit, Helen will edit it and Fuckable Coworker will track the numbers that give Mark a hard-on.
I say my goodbyes to the other writers, decide against mentioning the impending murder rap, and scan the Internet for amusing stories, mostly because I can’t think of anything better to do. 
After a few minutes of Googling, I realize that there are far more sites dedicated to douche bags than there ought to be. Or, perhaps there are far more douche bags than there ought to be. I tell Helen that rampant douchebaggery is a winner. It is an important story (I think), and she gives me the green light to compile a list of the greatest douche bag-oriented content I can find. 
It takes the rest of the day.


Practical Nihilism


“You want to know the difference between men and women?” Zeiger asks his class, which is nearly all female. “Here’s the thing. We all want $100. Women look at life and they search for that one Benjamin—the perfect guy. Men, on the other hand, will take all the dirty singles they can get.”
I’m interrupting, but none of Zeiger’s students seem to care. He’s kind of like the Indiana Jones of CSUN, except that he teaches philosophy and battles state bureaucrats rather than Nazis.
Class should have been over five minutes earlier, but Zeiger has a devoted following of exceedingly hot female students who are majoring in stripping. Half of his students end up retiring before they reach thirty, after grinding their asses on some of LA’s biggest douche bags; the other half get jobs that matter. All of them can explain the intricacies of Kant’s categorical imperative.
One of the students, a blonde with the longest legs I’ve ever seen, thumbs her worn copy of Civilization and Its Discontents. Maybe I should tell her that Freud was right about the death thing. Maybe she’ll wrap those legs around me until the end of time. Or, maybe she’ll just say, “I know” and then walk out of my life forever.  
I have always wanted to date one of Zeiger’s students, but for some reason he and Ann keep trying to find me women who are a lot like The Girl Who Got Away. Luckily for me, Zeiger also lectures on ethics and social theory to radical gangs of Los Angeles social workers and poverty lawyers, which is how he set in motion the great romance of my life. I suppose the next woman he finds could help me work on my appeal in between conjugal visits. 
The lecture ends and I press through a circle of adoring students. I swear he’s like a rock star.
The blonde with the legs and what appears to be a superficial understanding of Thanatos stands in my way.
“I need to talk to you,” I announce, and suddenly the women surrounding us become aware of my presence, my appearance, and the funk of the ocean that marks my newfound identity.
“You look like hell,” Zeiger says. 
“I feel great.”
Zeiger nods at his students, and my smell gives them an added incentive to disappear. But the girl with the legs lingers.
“Sex and death, they’re the driving forces of life,” I say, pointing to the book. “We’re all going to die.”
“But we won’t all get laid,” the blonde answers.
***
“You need a lawyer,” Zeiger says after I fill him in on last night’s adventure. “Want me to call Dick Ferrell for you? We still work together downtown sometimes.”
“Fuck Dick Ferrell,” I snap, drawing a few stares from the other coffee shop patrons. “And what’s with this downtown bullshit? You’re both Westside people now; it’s not your problem.”
“I’d hire Dick Ferrell, if I was you,” Detective Boyd interrupts. “He’s the tits.”
Zeiger introduces himself with a grin, asking Boyd to join us, even though I’m still trying to figure out how Boyd has managed to sneak up on me twice in the last twenty-four hours. Is he some kind of a ninja moonlighting for the LAPD, I wonder?
“He’s the fucking police, Zeiger,” I explain. “Just in the neighborhood roughing up suspects, Detective?”
Boyd isn’t deterred by my hostility as he slides into the booth. 
There’s a long silence because I won’t talk, Zeiger doesn’t know what to say and Boyd can’t take his eyes off my curly fries. 
“Have one,” I say, pushing the plate his way.
“Thanks, I’ll remember that when we take you down,” Boyd says through a mouth full of curly fries. “You should listen to your friend, you know. Dick Ferrell is a good choice. I once caught an axe-murderer in the act, but he walked with Dickie handling the case. No warrant. Bullshit. I caught him skull-fucking a severed head. But Dick got him off. Do they put paprika on these delicious fries?”
Boyd devours the squiggly spuds by the handful.
“Mmm. They just smack on your lips and beg you for more,” he says. 
“See, even the cops know Dick is good. He’s never lost, even though he says he knows all of his clients did it,” Zeiger says, extolling the virtues of a man I’d like to forget about.
“Is that a fact?” Boyd asks, becoming strangely chummy with Zeiger. “Did you try these fries? Paprika, right?”
“Oh sure. Dick doesn’t like taking defendants who are innocent,” Zeiger says, helping himself to a few fries. “I think it’s a light chili powder and a hint of cinnamon.”
“You’re out of your goddamned Julia Childs-loving-mind if you think that’s chili powder.”
“What happened to the axe murderer?”
“He had an accident,” Boyd says, looking at me, his tongue corralling a dangling curly fry. I’ll give you the hint of cinnamon, amigo. Definitely cinnamon.”
I can’t believe this. My best friend and my nemesis are coolly measuring out my future—whether I’ll be a convict or that guy who beat a murder charge—but they can’t even agree on a simple fact like how the fucking curly fries at a forgettable coffee shop are seasoned. 
“Why doesn’t he handle innocent clients?” Boyd asks, finishing off the last of my fries without asking.
“The challenge. There’s no challenge in defending an innocent man.”
“I’m an innocent man,” I protest, but neither Zeiger nor Boyd appears interested.
“He’s a pro,” Boyd says. “None of this bullshit mumbo jumbo. Just win, baby.”
“Ah, a disciple of the Davis School,” Zeiger says.
“Huh?”
“Al Davis, owner of the Raiders. Just win, baby.”
“Yeah. Fucking people think too much,” Boyd says. “That’s what’s wrong with the world today. All this Dr. Phil nonsense. Everyone wants to know why so they can understand all this fucked up shit that’s out there, like those kids who stage fights between homeless people and put it on YouTube, or that chick who lopped her husband’s cock off, sautéed it with garlic and onions, and served it to her book club.”
“She deep-fried his cock,” I say, hoping to change the topic to a story I wrote after the incident—“How to Fry Your Husband’s Step-children”—because I want to hear Zeiger’s thoughts on humanity’s obsession with fried food. It is a ubiquitous phenomenon, one that will likely pave the way to peace in the Middle East (if it is ever to happen) and equality between men and women (if that’s even possible), because any person who ever sucked in a breath of air, felt his stomach growl in hunger and sunk his appetite into a crispy, golden hunk of battered anything, can certainly agree that fried food is worth most of life’s indignities. 
This is the issue I want to raise. This is why I ordered the fries in the first place—to talk about them. But Zeiger and Boyd are way ahead of me.  
“It’s all just life,” Boyd says, a satiated grin creeping across his face. “You do your job, you pay your bills, you fuck your wife, she gives you children, you fuck her less, they promote you, your bills get bigger, you stop fucking your wife and start eating more, your kids grow up and before you kick, you pray that they understand at least half of what you were trying to teach them. And then, right at the end, you think about that time you fucked your wife in the parking lot at Dodger Stadium after they won Game One of the ’88 World Series and then the two of you drove to Roscoe’s for some fried chicken. That was probably your best day. Breasts and thighs.”
“You were at that game?” I ask Boyd, unable to conceal my excitement at actually meeting someone who saw Gibby’s miracle with his own eyes.
“Yeah. That team was lucky. They had real talent before you were born, sunshine—Lopes, Russell, Cey, Garvey. Those were ballplayers, not media whores.”
“Wow. Do you ever guest lecture?” Zeiger ask.
“On what?”
“Philosophy. I’d sum you up as a practical nihilist. Taking the trash out doesn’t mean anything, but getting it done matters, right? That’s why you’re a cop?”
“Fucking people think too much. But yeah, someone’s got to take out the trash,” Boyd says, wrapping his arm around me. “I get a badge, a gun, health insurance and a decent pension. It’s a good gig. If I make a big caller, who knows… Maybe I’ll make Captain and retire in style.”
“I’m not the trash,” I say, worried that I’ve somehow become cast against my will in a macabre play.
“Ok, well tell me what you were doing in the Valley last night, numb nuts? I had a squad car watching the place. One of my men saw you at her house. Are you that fucking stupid? Didn’t you go to college? Don’t you watch TV? You might want to brush up on your Law & Order, kid. It’s on A&E everyday. TiVo it.”
Zeiger shoots me a look. I didn’t tell him about my trip to the Valley. I focused largely on the ocean. Mostly I just cobbled together some Eastern shit about becoming a cork on the water, letting fate decide if I was to be swallowed whole by the abyss or spit back out to start again. It sounded good at the time, and Zeiger ate it up faster than Boyd devoured my curly fries.
“Detective Boyd, it was a pleasure to meet you, but Ethan isn’t going to answer that question, or any other question, outside the presence of his attorney,” Zeiger says, his tone all business. 
“Game on,” Boyd says.
“Game on,” Zeiger answers.
“Get this man another plate of those curly fries,” Boyd says to the waitress as he leaves. “And dust them with a little extra paprika. Ethan, my eyes are locked on your ass. If you so much as fart, I’ll know what you ate.”
“What a fucking lunatic,” I say to Zeiger.
“Let’s go see Dick.”


Lawyers, Guns and Money


“So you finally went bat-shit-crazy, killed her and did him in to boot, huh Ethan?”
“No, Dick. I’m innocent,” I protest, wondering why he somehow marked me as the type to go bat-shit-crazy.
Dick uses an American Spirit cigarette to light an unfiltered Lucky. Smoke clouds his dank office. Years of dust and body odor from the city’s worst criminals hang in the air. It’s almost palpable, and I can feel it starting to stick to my clothes. This is the kind of place where you can walk in clean and come out filthy. 
“Cut the crap, Ethan.”
“This would be a lot easier if I could have a chair,” I say from my perch on the floor, looking up at two office chairs weighed down by mountains of legal files that are clearly more important than I am.
“Nothing is easy.”
“Ok, but aren’t you supposed to believe me, at least?”
“You think that retainer your pal Zeiger put down buys you my faith? Jesus, you’re a simpleton. You couldn’t afford that—not for all the tea in China.”
“Do people still use that expression? Is there any tea in China?”
“All of a sudden you’re an expert on beverages in the Far East, Ethan? I’ve read your articles on that stupid website. You wouldn’t know shit if I dropped my drawers and defecated in your mouth.”
“Maybe I should get another lawyer, Dick.”
“Why?”
“I think you hate me.”
“Objection! Relevance,” Dick barks at me, as if we’re two lawyers pleading our case before an imaginary judge.
“Look, Dick, for the record I didn’t kill her or him.”
“What record?”
“I don’t know. It’s a figure of speech.”
“Well, ok, smart guy, let’s focus on this speech thing. Why do you keep talking to the cops? Are you stupid or self-destructive?”
“They keep talking to me. Can’t you make that stop?”
“Make it stop, make it stop,” Dick says in a whiny baby voice. 
“Dick, do you even want this case?”
“We’re talking, aren’t we? You think I’d talk to scum like you if you weren’t my client? What do I look like, one of those guys who gets his rocks off blowing sunshine up the assholes of cretins?”
For all I know, Dick could be one of those guys who gets his rocks off by blowing smoke up the assholes of cretins, because it never occurred to me that such guys actually exist. But apparently they’re common enough in the criminal justice system for Dick, from time to time, to be mistaken for one. This is not a process I understand.
“Dick, she was your friend. You did a lot of pro bono work for her, that police brutality thing, and this lawsuit against the state for better computers in the schools. Maybe this is a conflict of interest or something. How about if you just give Zeiger back his money, and I find another lawyer?”
The mention of The Girl Who Got Away gives Dick pause as his Lucky Strike goes out.
“If I had a brain like she had, I’d be on the Supreme Court.”
“She never wanted that.”
“Of course not, she was too good a fighter, and too smart. That’s why she worked for all those lost causes. The only odds worth taking are the long ones.”
“Who talks like that?” I ask. “What are you, some kind of film noir reject with a law license?”
We stare at each other in silence until Dick farts, lights an American Spirit and tells me to get off the floor.
“What she ever saw in you, I’ll never know,” Dick says, farting again.
“Thanks, Dick. This has been very helpful,” I say, unable to mask the sarcasm.
Dick farts again and then stubs out his cigarette. He pulls a fresh yellow legal pad from his drawer, fishes a pen out of a coffee mug, and starts to make notes. 
“Go home. Shower. You smell like shit. I’ll call Detective Boyd and let him know that he needs to go through me,” Dick says without looking up from his pad.
“How did you know…”
“Zeiger told me about Boyd,” Dick explains. “He only investigates guilty men.”
“But…”
“You just work on your alibi.”
“That’s easy. I was buying pot from a drug dealer with immigration problems and ignoring the text messages of a psycho fuck buddy.”
Dick chuckles.
“That’s all you’ve got?”
I nod.
“Long odds, Ethan. This is going to be fun.”


Hate Fuck


The door to my apartment is slightly ajar, and in my neighborhood that’s a sure sign that you’ll need to go to Best Buy and get a new television. But then I remember that I probably left the door open in my mad dash the previous night.
When I cross the threshold into my place, my relief to see all of my things is instantly dashed by the sight of Inside Girl.
“Why didn’t you return my texts?” she asks. 
“It’s not Friday; what are you doing here?”
“Your door was open.”
This is actually the way we talk. We exchange words so that it sounds like we’re having a conversation. But the words never really make any sense. We just lob them back and forth like some sort of insane tennis match until one of us—usually me—gets bored. That’s when we fuck. It’s a peculiar façade that we engage in, and I’ve never been able to understand why we do it. We never go anywhere. We never exist in the presence of outsiders. It’s just Inside Girl and me, and yet we persist with the ruse; it means nothing, though I suspect that it matters to her.
“Were you with another girl Friday?”
“I’m wanted for murder. Two counts.”
“I’m seeing someone else, too.”
“My lawyer may be calling you; I need an alibi.”
“What’s that smell? Is that you? You should take a shower.”
“Who knows, I’ll probably get the death penalty—life in prison if I’m lucky.”
With that, Inside Girl takes me by the wrist and leads me into the bathroom.
She lets the water run as I peel off my clothes.
We shower together without touching. We’ve done this dance before.
I wash my penis and an erection follows in short order.
“I’m not going to fuck you,” Inside Girl says. “I came here to tell you that it’s over.”
“Ok.”
Ten minutes later, her hands are pressed up against the foot of my bed and she’s yelling at me to fuck her harder.
Doggie-style is our best position because we don’t have to look at each other. If relationships were just faceless sex, we’d be a stellar couple.
“Harder! Harder! Give it to me!”
I groan as I accelerate my pace.
“Not yet!”
I think about the Dodgers and why they suck so much. We need pitching, hitting and defense, I tell myself. And luck, we need luck, too. Then I realize that’s pretty much everything, which means that I’ll probably be the oldest man in San Quentin when the boys in blue finally get their shit together. Do they let you watch baseball in prison, I wonder? Boyd would know, I think. Maybe prison won’t be so bad, at least when it’s baseball season. But what if I’m stuck in the pen with a bunch of Giants fans?
Inside Girl grinds her ass back against me, and I reciprocate by slowing down and letting her feel my manhood fill her up.
I’m trying to calculate the total Dodgers payroll to determine if we can pick up a few free agents at the trading deadline, when it occurs to me that sex is the one selfless act Inside Girl and I engage in. 
We’re each entirely selfish when it comes to our relationship—each of us sees the other person as existing only as a fuck. But I’ve never left her unfulfilled, and she’s always delivered the goods for me as well. Yet, by every other measure, we’re two perfect strangers. Fucking Inside Girl is like watching a relationship through a keyhole. It’s easy to be myopic and confuse the sex for something of meaning. But the truth is, even though the sex is meaningless, it matters a lot, at least while you’re doing it.
“I need to be on top,” she advises.
I oblige, gently slapping her backside as a signal that I’m going to shift my position.
She climbs on top of me without a smile. I can feel her hot, little pussy against my groin. Her wetness drips onto my lap. She’s close, so I decide to rest my back against the headboard so that I can suck on her tiny nipples.
Maybe the Dodgers are cursed, I wonder. Has anyone looked into this? Los Angeles is too superficial to dwell on weird curses that plague hapless sports teams in other cities. That’s a Boston or Chicago thing. But there’s got to be some weird shit afoot here. I don’t have any real proof, but I’d like it if some sports reporter looked into the 2006 playoff fiasco when two Dodgers runners were tagged out back-to-back at home on the same play. That kind of thing never happens. In Boston or Chicago, they’d write dozens of books about that one play, but in Los Angeles, the sports reporters forgot about that colossal fuck-up even before the series ended and the Dodgers went home for good.
“Almost there!”
They’ve only won one playoff series since 1988. This is troubling. Someone should really look into this.
“I’m coming!”
Inside Girl shakes wildly, and I roll forward, shifting into a missionary position. It feels natural to kiss her, but I balk at the idea of pressing my tongue against hers. Instead, I just stare at her face, watching the orgasm run its course. 
I’m pumping lightly, not thinking about her or the Dodgers. My head is clear for the first time in ages and I lose track of time. The rhythm is automatic like a metronome.
Inside Girl pats my ass as if to say, You can cum now.
Instinctively, I pull out and tear off my condom. I jerk and then she jerks a little, and we both wait for me to explode on her chest, but nothing happens. I’m hard and harmless when she says: “What’s the deal?”
“You were serious about this being the last time?” I ask as she strokes my penis with the enthusiasm of a retail worker at the end of a double shift.
“Yeah. Do you want to cum on my face one last time?”
“No.”
“Are you going to finish?”
“No.”
Inside Girl stops stroking my cock. Holding it in her hand, she asks if I’m sure.
“Yeah.”
“Is this the end of this?” she asks, removing her hand from my cock.
“I’m not sure this was anything.”
“So, you don’t even want to cum?”
“If it’s all right with you, I’ll take care of it myself.”
“Fuck you,” she snaps.
“What do you care?”
She doesn’t care and she knows it.
“I hate you,” she says.
“No you don’t. We don’t have enough between us for hate.”
Inside Girl doesn’t quite know what to say, and neither do I.
“Maybe a blowjob,” I suggest, hoping that will placate her.
As it turns out, sucking my cock is a lot easier than confronting the fact that we’ve shared so many countless nothings. 
I think about The Girl Who Got Away, as Inside Girl flicks the tip of my penis with her tongue. I miss The Girl Who Got Away, but it’s not the sex that makes me wish we hadn’t split up. I liked myself better when I was with her. I wasn’t so dispassionate. I gave a shit. I meant something, I think; I mattered, I hope.
But thinking about The Girl Who Got Away is more of a wood-killer than the Dodger’s inability to win, so I concentrate on Fuckable Coworker’s perfect bottom. 
I match Fuckable Coworker’s ass with Inside Girl’s mouth and search for a pair of tits from my spank bank. I remember a girl who used to work at my neighborhood Starbucks and I graft her luscious boobs onto the Franken-fuck monster I’ve created for the occasion. For some reason, the idea of a Fox News correspondent talking dirty sends me over the edge, and I blow my load when I recall the smug gusto with which that network’s hotties cheered victory in Iraq. 
“Mission accomplished,” I sigh.
Inside Girl cleans my cum off her face and stomps out of my apartment for the last time.


Wednesday
Larchmont


Running is a rather strange activity in the grand scheme of things. Through most of human history, we ran out of necessity—something was chasing us or we were chasing something, usually lunch. Everyone ran, and those who didn’t, or couldn’t, run would become proof that Darwin was right. But today, you’ve got to have disposable income to run in the Nike sense of the word. 
I know this because for the first time in ages, I’m running through Hancock Park, and every five feet some rich, fat fucker gets in my way. I’m portly, but these assholes are obese. They’re so large they ought to be licensed by the DMV. 
Move your fat ass, I restrain myself from saying through gasps of air.
But I shouldn’t be surprised. This is one of the wealthiest neighborhoods in Los Angeles. My apartment, which straddles the border between Hollywood and Hancock Park, is the razor-thin buffer that separates the filthy rich from the dirty poor. 
Both my station as a middleclass writer for the new economy and my location—an outpost wedged between the two sides of Los Angeles—make me a human shield of sorts. I may buy my groceries in Hollywood, but I aspire to play in the fashionable environs to my south. 
I’ve elected to run in Hancock Park where I can set my own pace, rather than in Hollywood, where there’s a decent chance a mugger or crazy homeless guy is likely to dictate the tempo of my cardio routine. But my run isn’t going well. I’m out of shape and, perhaps a greater sin on this course, unable to control my stride to keep from bumping into every other fat guy out there pounding the pavement into submission. 
Three times on this run I’ve actually clipped the heels of runners in front of me. One of those runners, an enormous brute with gold-rimmed glasses and strands of curly red hair poking out from underneath a well-worn Red Sox hat, nearly tumbled forward into the gutter when I tripped him.
“Sorry,” I said, as I hooked my arm under his to keep the behemoth from falling. But my apology was met with a curt “Watch it, asshole,” in an all too familiar thick Boston accent. 
The accent confirmed my suspicion that my city was being overrun by morose New Englanders who had ventured west in search of a fairy tale. The insult—asshole—confirmed that the most recent arrivals in Los Angeles had, like so many others, traveled thousands of miles only to find out that they were the same grumpy motherfuckers they were when they struck out for the promise of something shiny, better, and new.  
***
I’ve run a few miles, up one tree-lined street and down the next. I’ve studied the incongruity of unassuming Craftsman homes planted next to gaudy mansions. I’ve surmised that the fattest runners in the area must belong to the most ostentatious houses, though I have no real proof to back up my theory. But somehow this makes sense to me. Perhaps it’s how Boyd calculated that I must have killed The Girl Who Got Away and Lesser Me. Fat guys and phat homes make about as much sense as lost love and homicide. 
I’ve also calculated that I’ve been awake for three hours and during that time I’ve thought about The Girl Who Got Away four times. The same can’t be said for Inside Girl, who I thought of only once as I left the apartment. She had forgotten to lock the door when she walked out of my life.
I should be thinking about my defense, but instead I’m following a herd of fat men east into a three-block stretch of Hancock Park known as Larchmont Village, which is one of those commercial strips manufactured to achieve the maximum degree of quaintness.
My pace slows and my tired legs tell me the end is near as I limp into Larchmont, past the fine chocolate shop and the fancy cafes. Women with yoga mats dot the sidewalks, and my jog becomes a weary walk as I find refuge in Sam’s Bagels.
A crowd of regular fatsos gather by the window, wolfing down bagels and ogling the yoga-bodies who are busy feeding their caffeine addictions. Larchmont is the kind of neighborhood that can support a Starbucks, a Peet’s and a Coffee Bean all within shouting distance of each other. But Sam’s is anything but a chain, and it’s definitely immune from the yoga-body clientele. Sam’s very existence is proof that the New York transplants who complain incessantly about LA’s inability to produce a decent bagel are as clueless as the cops. 
I am a regular at Sam’s, but I am not a weekday, post-jog regular. I belong to the hangover, Saturday morning crowd. I am also a proud member of the baked-beyond-belief-on-a-random-Tuesday-night club. Our signature order consists of one everything bagel with cream cheese and one cinnamon raisin bagel with butter for dessert. 
But in the morning, when serious people congregate before doing serious things, I am out of place at Sam’s. Yet Carla, the Mexican girl who seems to live behind the counter, doesn’t miss a beat when she sees me.
“Everything?” she asks, as she pulls a fresh bagel from the bin.
I nod, turning to the fridge to grab a juice.
At the register, Carla rings up my order.
“Hey, Carla, when are you guys closing?” one of the other customers asks.
“Whenever the landlord kicks us out,” she says. “Could be a month, could be two.”
“You’re closing?” I ask Carla. 
She shoots me a weird look. We’ve known each other for years, but the extent of our relationship is that I know that the lady who makes my bagels wears a name tag that says Carla, and she knows that I always get an everything bagel with cream cheese and an orange juice, if I’m sober; and a cinnamon raisin on the side, if I’m stoned. 
“Our landlord wants to bring in a Jamba Juice,” she explains.
This is terrible news. Sam’s is a family business. It’s an institution. Jamba Juice sells guilt-free milkshakes to hipster assholes on faux-health kicks. And in Los Angeles, the chain is quickly becoming ubiquitous; it’s one of those stores that gives the city a reputation for harboring health conscious fascists, despite the fact that we practically crap hamburger stands and donut shops.
“Someone should tell the press,” I say. “Raise hell. Drum up community support.”
“They ran a story in the LA Times last week,” Carla says. “I guess you missed it like everyone else.”
I shuffle to the side of the register, bite into my bagel and wonder if I’ve lost more than The Girl Who Got Away. What’s happening to my city? Someone should be talking about this. The community should be outraged. There should be a protest, and perhaps blood, because good bagels in Los Angeles are hard to find and losing Sam’s would prove the New York transplants correct. But instead, the regular crew can’t be bothered to put down their bagels and stop undressing the women on their way to yoga. 
“Your landlord is a greedy fuck, and someone ought to stop that swine,” I say, expecting to win quick praise from the crowd and spark a movement, if not a full-blown revolution of outraged local gentry. 
If The Girl Who Got Away could see me now, I think. A real street-fighting man.
A fist flashes in front of my eyes. A red cloud explodes at the tip of my nose, and suddenly my world is literally upside down.
The fat jogger with gold-rimmed glasses and the Red Sox hat, who I nearly ran off the sidewalk, stands over me.
“I’m the landlord, asshole,” he says through his thick Boston accent. 
Nobody helps; a few patrons laugh.
***
I limp home, blood-stained paper napkins sticking to my nose. From a distance, I see my creepy neighbor and his mysterious briefcase. I surmise that he’s either heading off to work or to some sort of ritual killing. Judging from the fact that he’s wearing bell-bottom jeans and polyester shirt, my best guess is ritual killing. That kind of garb would draw too much attention at an office. As I approach, my creepy neighbor vanishes behind the corner, one of the rare creatures who actually walks in LA.
Taking a stand, no matter how trivial, is not without its consequences. But in a weird way, the taste of my own blood is sweet sauce on an otherwise bland dish. A bloody nose at the hands of any angry fuck is proof that 1) you are alive, 2) you matter, and 3) you know the shit machine’s number.
“Do you live here?” a trim guy in tailored jeans and a tight, black t-shirt asks.
“Huh?” I say as I unlock the metal gate to my building.
“I guess you do,” the stranger says. “What happened to your nose?”
“I told the truth.”
“You do that a lot?”
“It’s a new habit,” I say. “Next time I’ll duck.”
A police car turns the corner onto my block. That’s usually a welcome sight, but given my altercation at Sam’s and my current legal problems, my body tenses up.
“Listen, I’m not sure what you…”
“Oh, I’m just looking at apartments in the area,” the stranger says as the police car positions itself into a notorious Melrose Ave speed trap that nailed me when I first moved to the neighborhood.
“Uh-huh.”
“I guess this is a safe neighborhood,” the stranger says, glancing at the police car.
“Sure. Just don’t upset the local gentry,” I say.


Milk and Bacon


“Would it kill you to keep milk in your apartment, you bungler?” Boyd asks as I open the door.
“Excuse me,” I say, only half-surprised that my shadow has once again caught up with me.
“Milk, Ethan,” Boyd says pointing to my kitchen, which he’s clearly ransacked.
“What are you doing here? Where’s your warrant? I’m calling my attorney.”
“Relax, I spoke to Dick. He said I should come by and make myself at home.”
“No he didn’t.”
“Ok, you got me. He said if I stepped foot in your apartment, he’d have my badge and my pension, too. He said I’d be lucky to get a night security job in the Inland Empire. He’s a mean fucker, you know that?”
“And yet you’re still here,” I say, removing the bloody napkin from my nose.
“Better keep the pressure on.”
“Huh?”
“Your nose, Ethan. What the hell happened to your nose?”
“Urban sprawl.”
“Yeah, that’s a bitch. You know I grew up around here, went to Hollywood High—home of the Sheiks. The place has changed. I used to…”
“Break into people’s apartments and demand milk?” I say, finishing his sentence for him.
“Oh yeah. Why don’t you have any milk? Calcium is important. You’re going to want to strengthen your bones for the pokey, lunch meat.”
“I don’t like milk, it’s obscene. You’re drinking a calf’s baby formula.”
“You think too much. Who the fuck thinks about milk? You got to be pretty messed up in the head to think that way about milk. But then again, you did kill your ex-girlfriend and her lover. Say, there’s a memorial service tonight in the Valley. You going?”
“I didn’t kill anyone,” I remind Boyd, who simply shrugs.
“Well, what do you put on your cereal?” Boyd asks, holding up a dry bowl of Life cereal dotted with globs of peanut butter.
I close the kitchen cupboards.
“Listen Boyd, you seem like a nice guy, but you’re not allowed to interrogate me outside the presence of my attorney.”
“Who’s interrogating you? I’m asking what you put on your cereal. So relax, okay Nancy?”
“Nothing.”
“Nothing?”
“Yeah, nothing. I eat it dry.”
“Boy, you really are a sick fuck. Good thing you’ll be out of circulation soon. You’re probably a felcher, too. Did you suck semen out of her butt cheeks before you killed her? Autopsy indicates butt sex, but we only found traces of jizz in her ass. Care to tell me where the rest went?”
“Are you going to leave now or do I have to call Dick Ferrell?”
“Look, I’m just trying to be friendly, you know,” Boyd says. “We’re working together on this thing.”
“Working together?”
“Sure. Didn’t you ever read any Lenny Bruce, you cum-sucker? I’m playing the cop, you’re playing the criminal. But that doesn’t mean we can’t have a chat now and then. I was staking out your place, which is perfectly legal, Mr. I’m Going To Call My Lawyer. Anyway, I got hungry. I knocked, but you weren’t home. I figured since you were kind enough to give me some of your curly fries the other day, you wouldn’t mind if I had a bowl of cereal. I’m working hard here, you know. I get hungry.”
“Maybe you should be working on catching the killer,” I snap.
“Like I said, you’re my guy there. I’ve got motive and opportunity, but I need a weapon, you know. Maybe you could bring the murder weapon along to the memorial service… if you’re coming.”
“What about physical evidence? DNA?”
“Are you kidding me? This ain’t CSI, motherfucker. Please. You didn’t leave enough spooge behind for a sample, felcher.”
For some reason Boyd is actually laughing as he begins spooning mouthfuls of dry cereal and peanut butter into his face. It’s as if I’ve stumbled onto some genuine piece of humor that only cops and criminals know about. Who knew that the mere mention of DNA was comic gold for the boys in blue?
“You’re a funny guy,” Boyd says. “You should come to the memorial service tonight. I’m sure everyone could use some cheering up. Are you coming?”
“Jesus fucking Christ, that’s like the tenth time you’ve asked me that. What the fuck do you care?”
“Hey, ease up. I’m just trying to be friendly. You should go, you know.”
“What’s it to you? You think I killed her, remember?”
“Well, yeah. But I’ll bet you’re really sorry about it. You seem like the sensitive type. All you writers are. So why not go and make your peace with her? You only get one shot, you know.”
“I had no idea you were so magnanimous,” I say, the sarcasm punctuating each syllable.
“Hey, I’m just trying to figure out if I need an extra squad car to tail you tonight. The city is really clamping down on overtime, and we’re in a fiscal crisis in case you hadn’t noticed. This kind of police work doesn’t come cheap,” Boyd says, chomping down on a mouthful of dry cereal and peanut butter. “It’s not bad, but it is a little dry.”
“Overtime?”
“Yeah, we’re watching your every move,” he says, little shards of cereal escaping from his chomping mouth.
“Where were you this morning when I got punched in the face?” I yell.
“Nobody’s perfect. I guess I got here after you left.”
“Great. Now, I’ve got you following me. Sort of.”
“Well, if I had a confession it would all stop,” Boyd says. “Those things are pretty much ironclad. Want to give me a confession?”
“No. I need to get to work.”
“Suit yourself.”
“Listen, you let yourself in, can you let yourself out? I need to shower.”
“Sure.”
I walk to the bathroom.
“Life Cereal,” Boyd says.
“Yeah?”
“What are you, eight? I thought they stopped making this shit in the ‘70s.”
“They stopped running those stupid ads, but life goes on, I guess.”


The Company Ink


Dick is pretty sure that I caught Boyd planting evidence. Apparently, this isn’t uncommon—a fact I find comforting only insofar as it confirms a lifetime of reading LA Times stories about police corruption. 
“How else do you think they nail the guilty?” Dick asked when I phoned him on my way into work. “Guess you get to see how the other half lives.”
Once again I tried to proclaim my innocence, but Dick cut me short.
“Look, you don’t have the cash to get the Law and Order answer on this one. Shit happens. Deal with it. I’ll call the DA and let him know that I know about Boyd’s shenanigans. I’ll talk at you later.”
***
“What have you got?” Helen asks at our morning pitch meeting.
It’s Helen, Mark and Fuckable Coworker sitting in the conference room that was once occupied by a staff twice as large. The onus is now solely on me to come up with something that will capture the interest of our readers by somehow defeating their gnat-like attention spans. 
“How about ten essential YouTube videos?” I say, not really knowing what the hell I’m talking about. This isn’t so much a pitch as a collision between a wildly popular website and a high-impact word—essential.
Thankfully nobody challenges me. That’s what it’s like when you’re riding a wave of inexplicably good traffic. Technically, nobody knows why it worked, but you’ve got the hot hand and the right to roll the dice, even if your judgment leaves a lot to be desired. 
Still, Fuckable Coworker clearly wants to say something—point out the obvious, that I haven’t a clue what to do—but the prospect of another round of pink slips gives her all the incentive she needs to remain mute. I undress her with my eyes and realize her decision to press her pink lips closed is probably a wise one given the fact that I can’t tell why they didn’t fire her with the others.
Helen shifts uncomfortably. She’s been down this road too many times to stick her neck out.
But then out of nowhere, Mark says, “My dirtball friends watch a ton of YouTube.”
As long as I’ve known Mark he’s always referred to his friends as dirtballs, but I’ve never been able to determine if it’s a term of endearment or derision.
“I love this. Ten is good, but ninety-nine is better. Will it take any longer?”
“About 9.9 times longer,” I say, but Mark is already thinking beyond the mechanics of writing such a ridiculous story.
“It’ll be great,” he proclaims. “There’s like fifty billion videos on YouTube, so you’re bound to piss most people off when they don’t see their favorite on the list. Kickass idea, Ethan!”
“Really great,” Helen says, her nearly perfect ability to read the shifting winds still with her. 
That brief exchange sets into motion my day-long odyssey through clips that feature exploding whales, drunk celebrities pigging out on gigantic cheeseburgers, and dozens of mashups that employ the theme music from Brokeback Mountain to prove that every major Hollywood buddy film is really about gay sex.
From this I surmise that if YouTube is a window into our collective soul, we are the digital descendants of the Romans, substituting Christians and lions for celebrities and humiliation. We’re also more uptight than the English, which is alarming.
But this isn’t an easy assignment. For starters, that pesky word essential makes the story into a rather strange animal. Who am I to decide what is essential? And essential for whom? I am not a critic. I’m not even sure there are YouTube critics. But that’s not nearly as strange as the prospect of being tasked with provoking people about a topic that really doesn’t matter. Of course, there’s no begging off this one—it’s a trap of my own design. Fortunately, a piss-poor job on my part will guarantee provocation, and I am nothing if not gifted at putting together piss-poor articles on meaningless topics.
***
I am watching what looks like an entire Filipino prison population dance in unison to Michael Jackson’s Thriller when an instant message pops up on my screen from Fuckable Coworker.
“This place is getting weird,” her message reads.
Eighteen million people count dancing Filipino criminals as a shared cultural experience. I navigate away from the video and tend to the message.   
“Getting?” I reply.
I hear the furious clicking of her keyboard and the message box informs me that she’s typing. This goes on for what seems like hours. Either she’s writing and rewriting her message or I’m about to read the world’s first instant message novel.
I watch a video of a fat kid singing in time to some fucked up Austrian club song, decide that it is not essential, and opt instead to put a clip of a minor league manager peeing on second base in the No. 77 slot, right after a mashup of Ewoks dancing to Cypress Hill’s Jump Around. 
Finally, my message comes.
“What are you doing after work?”
I glance over at Fuckable Coworker, who in turn fixes her eyes on her monitor.
The lower right hand corner of my screen alerts me to an incoming email.
Burn, shit merchant!
My old friend is back. But now it seems he’s emailing fast and furious. The same email arrives every sixty seconds. 
I ignore Fuckable Coworker’s question and instead focus on a fat kid who thinks he’s Luke Skywalker. I scratch my head and decide that he should be No. 78.
Burn, shit merchant!
I won’t watch it again, but I know that Two Girls, One Cup may be one of the most important things anyone has ever seen on the Internet. I conclude that Caligula would’ve loved the Web.
Burn, shit merchant!
Fuckable Coworker types something, but no message appears. 
Burn, shit merchant!
Though it’s highly satisfying, I decide not to include a clip of a clown getting hit in the nuts with a baseball bat. Clowns scare me, and they deserve all the nut damage they can sustain. But the video only has 10,000 views, which isn’t enough to be considered essential when clips of Bill O’Reilly freaking out pull in millions. Maybe that’s why Fox gave that madman his own show. I conclude that Rupert Murdoch would’ve been the most successful media mogul in ancient Rome.
Burn, shit merchant!
I change the rules on my Outlook, hoping to relegate my tormenter to spam hell.
“There’s a cool bar near my apartment. Let’s get drinks,” I write to Fuckable Coworker. 


Never Leave the House Without Masturbating


The truth about bars is that they’re basically swingers parties without the stigma, or the guarantee that you’re going to get laid. This realization hits me hard when Fuckable Coworker gets up to order us a second round. Her ass taunts me, daring me to notice it through her skin-tight jeans. Yet, her jeans remain firmly wrapped around her legs, cloaking what I desire behind a seemingly impenetrable layer of denim.
This is the rub, as they say. Drinks say, Fuck me. Or, at least they say, I won’t be surprised, offended or annoyed if you try to fuck me. But the confines of a professional relationship say, Look, but don’t touch. Actually, the work relationship says even less insofar as it says sex is nothing at all. 
There is, after all, nothing human about human resources. 
And so as Fuckable Coworker orders us another round, I have two competing paradigms for interpreting the slight wiggle of her ass. On the one hand, she is signaling to me that I should locate the socially acceptable—and totally plausible—reason for us to go back to my place where we can test each other’s boundaries; first with a lingering touch, then with a knowing look and finally a furtive kiss. It’s a cliché, but it’s one that’s been perpetuating the species since we crawled out of the primordial muck.
On the other hand, we can pretend that gender, lust, flirting, her ass and my cock don’t exist. 
Perhaps when I’m tucked away in a San Quentin cell I’ll write a book on how to fuck people you’re not supposed to fuck. Chicken Soup for the Neurotic Fucker’s Soul, or perhaps Fucking Anyone for Dummies. 
“You look concerned,” Fuckable Coworker says, returning with a whisky for me and a red wine for herself. “Is something the matter?”
Perhaps the visual image of me in my cell has somehow leaked from my mind’s eye onto my face. 
“It’s strange that they’re all gone,” she says. “But I guess it’s for the best.”
This makes no sense at all. Most of the staff was fired, but the survivors seem to think the victims are happy. 
“Do you think they see it that way?”
“I think they understand. It’s a business you know. I guess the bottom line matters. I mean, I liked them as people, but they weren’t good for the company.”
“How else could you like them?”
“Huh?”
“You said you liked them as people. Could you like them some other way?”
Fuckable Coworker laughs hard as if I’ve made some sort of witty linguistic observation. But it’s a forced laugh. I don’t think she knows what the hell I’m talking about.
“It’s kind of a strange business. We don’t really make anything. I mean, you write. And Helen edits. And I track our performance. But it’s all very derivative,” she says, holding the last word on her tongue for a split-second too long. 
Her analysis gives me an erection and I nod for her to continue, wondering if she really knows the word derivative or if she’s one of those people who makes a point of subscribing to a word-of-the-day service and actually uses it. 
“You’re the closest one to the story, but it’s all just little bits of nothing floating in the ether. Nobody cares about what you’re saying; it’s just about the clicks. We’re a bunch of people sitting in a boring office building in a dumpy part of Los Angeles dreaming up ways to get people to click on a stupid link.”
Her voice trails off and she takes a gulp of her wine, which proves to be too much. She shakes her head, dusting away the instant buzz. 
“But the strange thing is that those clicks, they’re so small. It’s such an insignificant action. It doesn’t even require any thought to click on something, but we obsess over those clicks because they’re really hard to get.”
She laughs. 
The depth of her thinking surprises me. We’ve flirted for years, but I’ve never imagined her as someone who thought about anything. I spend a third of my day with Fuckable Coworker, and yet somehow I’ve missed the fact that she’s more than just tits and ass. Either I’m a pig, or the human resources people suck at their jobs. Maybe both.
“It’s just bizarre that we actually have jobs,” she says, inhaling another gulp of wine.
I sip my whisky. 
“These are strange days,” I say. “My friend Zeiger says it’s a question of meaning versus matter.”
“Totally,” she says, and somehow that word irks me, but I don’t know why. “Totally,” she says again with an exaggerated nod. 
“He says we often confuse the things that have meaning for us with things that actually matter.”
“Totally,” she says, repeating that word again as she takes another slug of her wine.
“I’m still not sure if there’s a universal truth when it comes to what matters, but I know that I’m easily wrapped up by meaning, even when it’s not really there,” I say.
“Yeah, totally. I’ve stopped reading the newspaper. I just look at my feed on Facebook. Some days the most important thing I read about is that someone had a really good ham sandwich or got stuck in traffic. I don’t know why I’m so fascinated by my Facebook feed. It’s really terrible, isn’t it?”
I shrug. “It passes the time, I suppose.” 
Fuckable Coworker stares at her glass.
“If I finish this, I won’t be able to drive,” she says with a sultry sadness.
I laugh uncontrollably. I laugh loud and in her face. She returns the laugh back at me, but she has no idea what’s so funny. 
I make a mental note for my book on fucking people you’re not supposed to fuck. 
The onus isn’t always on you to think of a way to get in her pants.
My laughter subsides to a giggle, and hers quickly abates.
“You’re funny,” she says.
“You can sleep at my place, if you need to,” I tell her.
***
The last glimpses of summer daylight fade as I drive Fuckable Coworker the few blocks from the bar back to my apartment. Apparently, she’s a lightweight because we spent just over an hour drinking, a fact I realize when Vin’s voice indicates that the Wednesday night game, which has a later start time on account of ESPN, is about to get underway. But if things go well with Fuckable Coworker, I know that I won’t be able to see the game, which suits me just fine, because Weaver is pitching, and that usually means disaster.
“Maybe we shouldn’t be doing this,” she says, interrupting Vin as I ease my Corolla into my space below the building. 
We’re already down one run in the first.
“What are we doing?”
She gives me a look that says, Are you really going to make me say it?
I return her look with my own that says, Yes.
“Don’t you have a girlfriend?”
“No.”
“I thought you…”
“She wasn’t my girlfriend, and she’s gone now.”
My cell phone buzzes alerting me to a text, but I just stare at Fuckable Coworker, wondering if the Jedi mind trick could somehow separate her from her top.
“Aren’t you going to get that?”
“I don’t need to,” I say.
The phone buzzes again.
“Popular.”
We are at an impasse. She wants me to check the phone, and I don’t want to break eye contact. 
I find a third option as I turn off the car just before Vin can indicate that we are now down by three runs with nobody out in the top of the first.
“I promise you my apartment is much nicer than my car,” I say, adding a disarming chuckle for good measure. 
Nothing.
I open my door to get out, consciously avoiding looking back at her.
I’m facing the other way when I hear the passenger door open.
“It’s this way,” I say, motioning her toward the stairs. 
We walk in silence, which gives me a moment to check my phone. The first message is from Zeiger. It reads: You’re coming, right? The second is from Ann: You need to come tonight; you’ll hate yourself if you’re not there. Come. Don’t be an ass. 
I have no intention of going to a memorial service for The Girl Who Got Away. For one thing, Dick will be there, and I’m certain that he’ll blab to everyone that he’s representing me, which means everyone will think I’m guilty. Besides, with the exception of Zeiger and Ann, everyone there hates me. Well, maybe hate is a strong word. But I’m certain that I’m disliked by that crowd—her crowd. They’re the kind of people who know what matters, and what matters is anything that upsets their delicates sensibilities. They are the cause du jour crowd. The whole time we dated, I was certain that the words “What does she see in him?” were whispered countless times just outside my earshot. And when we broke up, the news must have sparked a collective sigh of relief among that crowd. I could go and say goodbye, but the truth is that I already did that a long time ago. Running into her and Lesser Me at La Fogata was just bad luck.
Our silent assent up the stairs seems to be going off without a hitch, but when I hear footsteps behind us, I know that we are doomed.
The footsteps belong to my creepy neighbor, I’m sure of it, even without turning around to look. Anyone else would’ve said hello. Only the building’s resident apparition would stalk your every step without so much as a word. 
And then it happens. I hear his briefcase clank against the metal staircase railing. The sound is just enough to jolt Fuckable Coworker away from the business of climbing the steps in silence. She turns, and I can feel myself turning against my will, as if in some kind of slow motion.
The briefcase clanks again, and the two of us are eye to eye with a ghostly white man sporting a long trench coat and dark sunglasses. This is not the sort of apparel that is common in Los Angeles, and it takes only a split-second for Fuckable Coworker to recognize the desperation of the moment—trapped there in a stairwell with a man who is obviously suspicious, likely demented, and probably lethal to all who enter his world.
Unfortunately, Fuckable Coworker’s urban survival skills leave a lot to be desired, and when he clanks his briefcase against the rail for a third time as he tries to pass the two of us, she says, “Heavy briefcase.”
That is exactly two more words than I have said to my neighbor in all the years that I have lived here, but in an instant his reply validates the conventional wisdom of the building—that nobody should talk to, or make eye contact with, the creepy guy.
“The human soul is a heavy thing,” my creepy neighbor says, the stale air from his lungs reminiscent of brandy and rotting earth.
 And then he keeps walking.
Fuckable Coworker gives me a look that demands an explanation, but I have none. So, I take her hand and say, “Just your typical Hollywood building.”
“He’s creepy.”
No shit. What gave it away? The trench coat in warm weather? The ghost-like face? The breath that smells of death? How about the briefcase? Who lugs a briefcase around these days? And while we’re on the topic, why would you talk to him? Didn’t your parents tell you not to talk to strangers, especially creepy ones?
But instead I say, “Yes. But I think he’s harmless.”
“Really?”
No, I’m pretty sure he’s a serial killer. I’m pretty sure he puts babies in jars. I’m pretty sure he has a recipe for making kidney nuggets. I’m pretty sure that right now he’s dreaming up ways to filet the two of us.
But lust gets the better of me, and I take a step and continue our trek to my apartment. “He’s just one of those colorful kooks you get in Hollywood.”
We walk toward my door, our hands linked together more from fear than any real intimacy.
“Who’s your friend, chuckles?” Boyd asks as I open the door to my apartment.
“Oh my god, you’re being robbed. Please don’t rape me!” Fuckable Coworker screams.
Fuckable Coworker tosses her wallet over to Boyd, who plays along.
“No cash?”
“I just have the credit cards,” she pleads.
“You’ll cancel them.”
“No I won’t. I swear I won’t!”
“You think I haven’t heard that one before, blondie?”
“I can write you a check.”
“You think I’m stupid? What about jewelry?”
“Jesus, Boyd. I thought we talked about this.”
“I needed to use the bathroom. You weren’t home, so I thought…”
“Yeah, I know the story. And the TV?”
“We’re playing the Mets,” Boyd explains as if that somehow makes sense, and in a weird way it sort of does. “We’re down four-zip, but Weaver got out of it.”
“We never should’ve given up LoDuca to the Mets,” I say.
“Yeah, but Martin is an amazing catcher,” he says.
“So we could’ve moved Duke to third and kept his bat. Or better yet, they never should’ve let Beltre go. That was the big mistake. We haven’t had power like that since at the hot corner.”
“He had one good year,” Boyd argues. “He was no Ron Cey.”
“Bullshit. It’s always that ‘70s bullshit. Things were different back then; it was a different game. And besides, Beltre never got a fair shake. He was like twelve when he came up from the minors and he almost died from that botched appendectomy.”
“Whatever. An appendectomy ain’t so bad. I had one three years ago. Try getting a Goose Gossage fastball to the brain and coming back to take World Series Co-MVP honors. That’s tough. The modern player is a pale imitation.”
“Will someone please tell me what’s going on here?” Fuckable Coworker asks, breaking up what was fast becoming a chummy conversation with my newly acquired nemesis.
“Detective Boyd, LAPD,” he says, showing Fuckable Coworker his badge. “Would you like something to eat? Ethan has got some really great frozen stuff from Trader Joes; I love that place. Have you had the cream cheese and sundried tomato dip with pesto? It’s unreal.”
“What kind of fucking cop are you, dude? Pesto?”
“Ethan, please watch your language. There’s a lady present.”
Fuckable Coworker smiles, and Boyd disarms her with a grin I didn’t think he was capable of.
“Here’s your wallet back, dear. Sorry if I frightened you.”
“That’s all right,” Fuckable Coworker says. “I guess I overreacted.”
The three of us look at each other blankly. My eyes fix on Fuckable Coworker, who struggles to process Boyd’s presence while simultaneously trying to determine what kind of bizarre Los Angeles story she’s going to have to tell her friends the next time they do brunch.
“Ethan is my primary suspect in a double-murder investigation,” Boyd tells Fuckable Coworker with the kind of smile a father might display when telling his friends about his son’s big promotion.
Fuckable Coworker laughs. But when she realizes that she’s all alone, her reaction quickly turns to horror.
“He killed someone?”
“Two people. Double homicide. He could get the death penalty, if I make the case. Could be big. I could make Captain on this one.”
“Fuck, Boyd. I told you, I didn’t kill anyone. How many times do we have to go over this?”
“Language,” Boyd snaps.
Fuckable Coworker backs away from me, and it’s pretty clear that I’m never going to see her topless.
“I should get going,” Fuckable Coworker says.
“I can have a black and white drive you to get your car,” Boyd says with a grin.
***
It doesn’t take long to put Fuckable Coworker in a squad car. She’s eager to leave and Boyd seems to have half the force at his beckon call.
“Thanks a lot, Boyd. She’s going to tell everyone at work, and then I’ll be fired. You’re doing a bang-up job here.”
“Relax. You’re going to prison soon, and I’ve been reading that website of yours. It’s not much of a job you have. Gay guy destroys a TiVo. Seriously? That’s worth writing about?”
“It’s gotten hundreds of comments, and even some hate mail. Beside, it’s a paycheck. That matters you know, especially if you’re going to keep coming over to eat my food and watch the Dodgers.”
“Don’t worry. She’s not going to say anything.”
“How do you know?”
“What’s she going to say? So, I was about to drain Ethan’s ball sack, but when we got to his apartment, a cop was there, and he’s wanted for murder. That won’t work. She won’t talk because she won’t be able to explain how she knows what she knows.”
“I think people will forget about the sex once she mentions the murder,” I say.
“You overestimate people. Sex is the ultimate trump card.”
“Dick says you’re planting evidence.”
“If I were, you’d be in county right now trading your butthole for protection and a daily phone call.”
“So, why did you come?”
“I came to see if you wanted a ride to the memorial service? We’ll be a little late, but the reception should go on for a while.”
“Why would you take me there?”
“Oh, I’m betting that the sight of her friends in tears will wriggle a confession out of you. And if it does, it will be a very dramatic story for the paper. They’ll put my picture up in a sidebar next to you. Besides, I figured if you’re going to go, we might as well carpool. I’m really concerned about this global warming thing, you know.”
“You’re the weirdest guy I know, Boyd.”
“Come on. Let’s go.”
“Do I have a choice?”
Boyd wraps his arm wide around me. 
“Put a tie on, for her,” Boyd says. “It won’t kill you.”
***
A quick change and I’m sitting next to Boyd in one of those nondescript undercover police cars that can’t be mistaken for anything but a cop car.
“You know she’s too drunk too drive?” I say to Boyd as he starts the car.
“No, she’s not. She’s I’m drunk, drunk,” his voice rising to a sharp, girly tone.
“What’s that mean?”
“It means that she’s perfectly sober, she’s just had enough booze to make you think that she’s drunk enough to regret fucking you.” 
“Huh?” I say as Boyd turns onto Melrose.
“You don’t know shit about women.”
“I know enough.”
“You left the house without masturbating,” Boyd says. “That’s like giving a loaded gun to a child. Didn’t anyone ever tell you not to dip your pen in the company ink?”
“Traffic is going to suck, you know,” I say as Boyd points his car toward the 101. “The roads are completely clogged at this hour.”
“Traffic is the other guy’s problem,” Boyd says as he flips on the sirens and slams down the gas.


Right Cross


I should be balls-deep inside Fuckable Coworker right now, but instead I’m helping Boyd hunt for a parking space in a Northridge strip mall that houses Brent’s, the last decent Jewish delicatessen in Los Angeles county. 
A lot of Los Angeles transplants wouldn’t be caught dead in the Valley, but the memorial for The Girl Who Got Away is in a house not far from here, and Boyd insists that it’s rude to show up without food. This makes me wonder if he’s been speaking to my mother.
Don’t worry, ma’am. No need to fly all the way out here. I’m looking out for your son. He’s handling this very well. Very mature. I’d give him an A. Best murder suspect I’ve had in a decade. Really excellent perp. Can he call long distance from prison? Sure. It’ll cost him, but he should be able to call you every Sunday.”
“All the best joints are in strip malls,” Boyd says as he parks next to the barber college that occupies the other side of the lot. A sign advertises haircuts for $4.
In a car-crazy town, strip malls just make sense. They’re like little islands with their own parking ecosystems. Parking is key. If an establishment doesn’t have parking, it better have a valet, and if it has a valet, it better not be in the Valley because people who live here aren’t the sort of people who’d pay armies of college kids and illegal immigrants to park their Beamers. That’s a city thing. In the Valley, you park your own car, unless you’re on Ventura Boulevard, which is the kind of street that belongs to the other side of the hill anyway. 
But in Northridge, it’s strictly a DIY-affair. It’s the difference between playing at being an Angeleno and actually doing it. For most people, even those who live here, Los Angeles is just make believe. It’s fantasy land, and even the professionals—the doctors, the lawyers, the accountants—dream of one day holding court at the Ivy or sitting next to Jack at a Lakers game, talking about three-picture deals and underage girls. Everyone comes here looking for something, but when they give up the search, they settle in the Valley, if space is a priority; or, on the Westside, like Zeiger and Ann, if they insist on keeping up appearances. Either way, it’s about reaching for the stars and settling for the shit. Except, that is, for The Girl Who Got Away. She wanted this, so she rented a cheap apartment in the Valley because it suited her ambition of eventually organizing middleclass professionals to help working class people. The Valley was a perfect base for her because nobody expected anything to spring forth from its basin. And as it turned out, conventional wisdom was right. The Girl Who Got Away set out to change the world, and now I’m on my way to her memorial service. 
“Get some cookies,” Boyd says, handing me a $10 dollar bill. 
I stare at him and he doesn’t blink. His face is cold, like the Pacific in January.
I reach for the money and open my door.
“Ethan…” Boyd says.
“Yeah.”
“You know why you took the money?”
I have no idea why I took the money.
“You’re busted. You got nothing. Nothing but a lawyer, which means you’re guilty as sin.”
“You want an assortment?” I ask.
It’s touch and go, and I’m pretty sure that Boyd is debating whether or not to pummel me to death with his service revolver, but instead he says, “For $10, you can get a giant black and white cookie that’s as big as a pizza. You ever seen one of those?”
He grins, and adds, “Look to the cookie.”
I stare blankly back at him. My vision narrows, Boyd’s figure becoming an amorphous shape, the details surrounding us blurring into a haze. 
“Look to the cookie, from Seinfeld,” Boyd repeats.
“You saw that one, huh?”
“Of course I saw that one. I’ve been stuck in your apartment all day, eating your food and watching your TiVo. I don’t know how you can stand a show about nothing.”
“I’m not walking in with a fucking black and white cookie. Not there; no way,” I protest.
“They’re the best, Jerry. The best.”
“Whatever. I’ll get an assortment.”
“My money, my cookie,” Boyd says, reaching for something inside his wallet. I lean in to see what he’s got up his sleeve and he hands me a photo I wish The Girl Who Got Away had burned.
“Get a cookie like the one in the picture,” Boyd says. “It was the only evidence of you in her apartment, you know.”
The picture is from my birthday when we were still a couple. I think Zeiger took the shot. It’s me and The Girl Who Got Away sitting in front of a giant black and white cookie from Brent’s. As I’m blowing out the candles, she’s kissing my cheek. She looks good in the photo. It was the last photo of us, and no matter how bad the munchies get, I haven’t had a black and white since she left.
“Screw the cookie,” I say, flipping the photo back to Boyd. “And do me a favor, will you?”
“Sure.”
“Go fuck yourself.”
Boyd chuckles and lands a quick jab that will soon blacken my other eye. 
“Look to the cookie, you twat,” Boyd says. “In this photo, she loves you. She really loves you. So what the hell happened?” 
I press my hand against my eye, which doesn’t stop the pain. I shut the door, which doesn’t stop Boyd, who yells through the cracked window, “Get some ice for that eye, Ethan!” I walk toward Brent’s, which I’m praying will explode the minute I step inside, like that scene from The Usual Suspects where Gabriel Byrne is in one of his bad guy-Dean Keaton flashbacks, faking his own death so he can vanish just long enough to beat the rap. But I’d settle for a real flesh-charring exit. A flash of flames, searing heat, and fried oblivion—that sounds good right about now. 
Instead the cashier inside writes up my order, her fleshy forearm slapping on the counter’s scratched glass. Each flick of her wrist is accompanied by a kissing sound, her skin peeling off the sticky surface. 
“One big black and white cookie,” she says, emphasizing every word as if each merits individual approval from me. I find myself wishing she were a mute.
One. Big. Black. And. White. Cookie. 
She doesn’t even look up to see my battered face when she says, “I got to charge you twenty-five cents for the ice on account of the environment.” 
“What?” I bark.
“For the environment. It’s five cents for the ice, because we’re in a drought and it’s twenty cents cause of, what’s his name? The Nazi guy. The Terminator.”
“Governor Schwarzenegger.”
“No, the other German.”
“Austrian,” I correct.
“Whatever. We’re saving the environment out here and all. California, you know? So, I got to charge you an extra twenty-five cents.”
“In the Valley?” I yell at the top of my lungs.
A pot-bellied hipster waiting behind me in line laughs.
I reach into my wallet, finding sand from my sojourn to the beach and little else. Boyd’s money is all I have. 
The hipster chuckles again, throwing a mock Valley accent as he bellows, “The Valley, man. In the Valley?”
I hate this douche bag. Ordinarily, I would hate him on general principle. It’s why I make it a point to avoid places like Silver Lake, which attracts people who didn’t grow up here, but who want to live in LA, except that they really don’t want to live in LA. They take the make believe bullshit to a whole new level. They hunker down inside the hipster confines of Silver Lake for as long as they can, pretending that they don’t live in LA. They make believe like they are New Yorkers who never see the snow, even going so far as to wear a scarf in winter because somehow 50 degrees is bone-chilling cold. And as much as it’s not Los Angeles, it’s also never the present day in Silver Lake, either; everybody is always reenacting some bygone era. Go out drinking there on a Friday night and you’re bound to watch a mod guy get in a fight with a punk girl because she was fucking a hippie dude, who is in fact madly in love the sexually ambiguous bartender, who dresses in the style of a Russian peasant circa 1917. It’s a clusterfuck of trends that have lost their popularity and have therefore regained their cool because only a handful of devoted followers scattered across the globe—living in places like Silver Lake—actually dress like a beatnik. It’s a haven for denial in the land of make believe, and he who leaves the shelter of such a fantasy-land is in for a rude awakening. These people, though maybe not this exact fellow, are my readers. They are walking, talking paradoxes, simultaneously convincing the world that they are 1) totally obsessed with their own shit and 2) entirely indifferent to everything. They feed on websites like Rubber Necker, they consume the Internet with their nothingness, and if we aren’t careful, they will devour the world. These are Silver Lake people. They are not Los Angeles people. They are not from here and never will be. And they should never be this far out in the Valley. This hipster is like a short-range TIE fighter that must have gotten separated from his group because he couldn’t have made it out this far into space on his own. But the truth is that he probably found out about Brent’s, which really does have the best brisket in town, on the Internet, using some social network for deli-loving hipster assholes in Los Angeles. He probably even clicked on an ad hawking that stupid Tab Cola t-shirt he’s wearing. And this makes me wonder if somehow the Internet isn’t some giant fucking Death Star bent on destroying us all by deploying armies of douche bags to ruin perfectly good delis and nondescript strip malls that cater to a locals only-crowd.
Sure, the Internet is great because it has porn and a vast repository of sites like IMDB that help you settle ridiculous arguments about whether or not Kevin Bacon was in Diner. But the Web can also up the asshole factor in your town. Los Angeles has always been a beacon for assholes, to be sure. But it was mostly manageable when all we had was television and film pumping out these ridiculous notions of what it was like to live here. Now, we have the Internet, which is the world’s first truly democratic shit machine. Anyone can shit out media. Hell, you don’t even need a computer to gum up the works. A homeless guy could walk into a library and start a blog, call it Fashionable Hobo, and tell the world what it’s like to eat George Clooney’s garbage. Thousands will read it. Some will call it art. Some will call it vile. Others will forward it to their friends with smiley faces and notes reading LOL, in reference to the post that begins, “Sorry I haven’t written, but I spent the last week in county jail…” But of all those people who read it, a select few nitwits, dingbats, crazies and hopelessly wretched fucks with nothing left but doom in their hearts will draw inspiration, pick up their perverse lives and trek west in search of… 
That’s the sort we get around here, and if The Girl Who Got Away had understood that, she never would have come. I tried to explain the meaning of hopelessness to her, but she never believed me.
I swivel fast, catch the hipster off guard, pull him close by his faded Tab Cola t-shirt and say, “This anecdote that you’re witnessing, the one that you’ll tell your friends about after you return to Silver Lake and beg off another beer at the Red Lion because your gut is full of matzo balls and brisket; it costs a quarter, so pony up, Cochise!”
And the weird thing is, he does what he’s told, which somehow seems like the sensible thing to everyone at Brent’s because when a man calls another man Cochise in a Northridge deli, it’s apparent to any seasoned Angeleno that this could be one of those stories that ends with a headline in the Weekly that reads, “Killer cookie: Cops puzzled by deli slaying.”
A squat Mexican waiter gives me a friendly grin, whispers the words Silver Lake with a chuckle, hands me my black and white cookie and my cup of ice, and I walk out of Brent’s into the hot Valley air.
When I return to the car, Boyd is engrossed in the game. We’re still losing to the Mets, and as usual a lack of pitching, an anemic offense, and indifferent fielding are to blame. This is Dodgers’ baseball—a trinity of hopeless futility, but without the doom and gloom of that defines the Cubs or the Red Sox. No, the Dodgers are an epic failure with a first-class PR machine. 
“The thing about the Dodgers,” Boyd says breaking the silence as we creep along Parthenia, “is that they don’t really matter to this city.”
“What the fuck are you talking about?” I ask. “The city went crazy in ’88 when Gibby cranked one out. You still remember it; so do I.”
“Yeah, but who cares? Who really cares? You know how many people I meet in my job?”
“No.”
“Take a guess.”
“Ten a week?”
“Try ten a day.”
“I talk to everyone in this city. I talk to politicians and pimps.”
“There’s a difference?”
“Put the ice on your face and just listen, smart guy.”
I do as I’m told, letting the cold ice numb everything it comes in contact with.
“I’ve been doing this for twenty years, you know. Twenty years. I know this town inside and out; I know it better than it knows itself, but I don’t know a single Dodgers fan. Sure, everyone goes to a game or two every season, but they come late and leave early. And nobody cares if we win or lose. There is no ‘We.’ It’s only them: the Dodgers.”
I wonder if there’s a point here as Boyd turns off Parthenia and onto a side street, which means we must be close. 
“They could move back to Brooklyn and thousands of individuals would be heartbroken, but it wouldn’t matter to Los Angeles; it wouldn’t mean anything at all. Hell, we used to have two football teams, and when they left, nobody gave a shit. Imagine that: the second biggest city in America, and it doesn’t have a football team. And nobody cares. Try that shit in Detroit; there’d be blood in the streets. There’s a weakness in this place. Something is missing.”
Boyd turns left into a cul-de-sac dotted with California ranch homes, and I know my time is nearly up. A Mets batter tacks on another run, and Vin breaks the news as he has a million times before.
“I love Vin, you know,” I say. His poetry is a killer. You sit back and he lays it all out there for you. You don’t even have to watch; it’s just all perfect, every detail. It’s just him, and me, like the two of us are working a double shift at the Vons in Culver City. Each of us is alone with the Dodgers, at home or in the car. It’s quiet out here… still… like you’re floating in a vat of room-temperature nothingness. We’re all alone, connected by a voice we can’t see.”
Boyd parks and we both stare at the house, brown and beige with a terraced front yard and bending palms on either side.
Time to say goodbye to The Girl Who Got Away.
Time to see if she mattered.
Time to see who she mattered to, and who mattered to her.
Time to wrestle isolation in full view of one’s peers. 
Time to leave the car, put Vin’s poetry on mute, and see if there are any other Dodgers fans out there.
Boyd switches off the ignition.
“Leave the ice, take the cookie,” I joke.
“Huh?”
“Sorry, I thought you’d get that reference.”


Schadenfreude


There’s no real focal point for the memorial. It’s not even technically a memorial. Her body will leave the state just as soon as the coroner is done with it, Boyd tells me as he enjoys a giant pastrami sandwich, gobs of brown deli mustard outlining his lips with each bite.
“Even if you come clean and confess, we got to do the autopsy,” Boyd says, catching a hanging piece of meat with the swipe of his tongue. “Paperwork, you know. Got to have clean paperwork. It’s all about the paperwork—I hate it, but we got to have it.” 
Her parents will bury The Girl Who Got Away in a little cemetery dotted with oak trees not far from their home. Then they will fly out to Los Angeles, set up camp in the Sportsman’s Lodge at the corner of Ventura and Coldwater, not far from the Van Nuys courthouse, where they will go five days a week until twelve residents of their daughter’s adopted city vote to lock me up and throw away the key. Her father will stare me down until the trial ends, wondering why he didn’t strangle me to death when the four of us met so many years ago for brunch at Dupars. Her mother will never look at me, and she will never stop crying, even after the final gavel. At least, that’s how Ferrell says it will go down between heaping mouthfuls of egg salad that he admits will wreak havoc on his colon. 
“Your face will haunt her through the rest of her days, through the depression, through the pills, the bottle of white wine with lunch and the bottle of red before her husband gets home. It’ll be your mug she sees, from here to her early grave,” Ferrell explains between belches. 
Boyd smiles and nods at Ferrell’s assessment, and it is somehow comforting to know that my supposed champion and nemesis have come to some kind of professional agreement, like two prize fighters who would just as soon pummel the promoter than really damage each other. I step away and let them talk shop. 
The house is a twisted maze of strange faces. Her parents aren’t there because this isn’t the official memorial service, just a gathering of friends. Eying me at every turn, it seems, are sweet, freshly scrubbed faces; the women’s red from crying, the men’s all downcast. Except that I don’t recognize the crowd. These aren’t my people. The crowd is a mixture of her cohorts in social justice, and his hipster asshole friends.
I rattle around a foreign home, desperately trying to outrun the feeling that I must have missed something.
In the dining room, three pasty white guys in hoodies and horn-rimmed glasses sip malt liquor, attempting to look ironic through an indifferent veneer. I’m pretty sure they are Lesser Me’s friends, a conclusion I draw from the fact that they look mildly retarded, utterly ridiculous, and totally fucking useless. This is not a rational conclusion, yet somehow my insights seem correct.
All three pasty white guys in their hoodies and horn-rimmed glasses nod to me as I enter the room, and it’s possible that one of them—perhaps the leader—opens his mouth just wide enough to signal a non-audible greeting—a silent “Hello” or perhaps a simple “Yo.” There’s no bar here, and I stay just long enough to hear one dipshit say to the other two, “I can’t believe he’s dead; we were going to go paint-balling this weekend.” As I leave the room, I hear the other two dipshits offer their attempt at profundity when they say simultaneously, “Shit, bro.”
Based on the photographic evidence in the hallway, the house belongs to some lawyer friends of The Girl Who Got Away—do-gooders with fancy degrees and six-figure incomes. There are pictures of a handsome couple, but no kids. At the beginning of the hallway there are playful, candid shots. One is of a man and a woman taking in a baseball game at Fenway in Boston. The fact that the New England invasion has reached the north end of the Valley is alarming, to say the least. The angle of the photo is crooked and close, suggesting a do-it-yourself shot. But the smiles are wide and genuine. The man and the woman beam from ear to ear in that familiar early-relationship-haze; nothing can penetrate their love bubble. 
The same couple appears slightly older and a little heavier in front of a Buddhist Temple in Thailand. It’s a staged shot, likely taken by a monk wise in the ways of Zen, digital cameras, and gratuity. The smiles are still there, bright as ever, but not without a sense of obligation. This is a picture they took for their peers. It says, We went to Thailand. We are a couple. The trip was amazing. We will never go anywhere interesting again.  
A bit further down the hallway, there are graduation photos from UCLA Law School, and some of them include The Girl Who Got Away celebrating with the mystery couple—bright smiles, caps and gowns, sunglasses. And then there are wedding photos, which mark a formal beginning to a new entity: Mr. and Mrs. X. This is the happiest day in their lives, or so they are told. But the wedding photos strike me as less genuine than the pictures at the beginning of the hallway. 
Nestled close together in the photo taken at the ballgame, the man and woman matter to each other almost intrinsically. There is nothing to dwell on, just a sliver of a moment, preserved forever without the intent to figure out what it all means. I think it’s love, but I don’t think they thought that when he turned the camera around and they both drew close to see the image of themselves from moments before. 
By contrast, the wedding photos contain an inescapable meaning. These people love each other, and you’d better know it, which is why the bride is in white and the groom wears one of those ridiculous top hats and tuxes with the coattails. Only people in love would dress in such an absurd manner; only people trying to make a statement, trying to impart meaning to what they think matters, would single themselves out in such a way. It happens all the time, but I suspect the wedding photos are an attempt to formalize the early candid shots of the relationship, the ones that only matter to the couple. Because there are witnesses and costumes, their relationship is somehow real. That’s what annoys me most about the picture The Girl Who Got Away kept of us. In that picture, “We” still exist, “We” are a couple. But that photo is a random relic, nothing more. There’s been so much water under the bridge that it’s hard to know when we last crossed it. Or, at this point, if we even did. But that damn photo still exists, which means that something about us mattered, if only for a fleeting moment.   
I stare at the wedding photo, fixing my eyes on The Girl Who Got Away in a stunning red dress that makes me wish I had been her date. If I could be standing next to her, forever fixed by her side in this shrine to another couple’s love, we would somehow mean something. But I’ve never even met these people, and my absence has a meaning I’m not entirely prepared to accept. 
I’m transfixed by the pictures, which is why I don’t notice that the bride is standing next to me.
She sips a glass of red wine.
“She was so beautiful,” the bride says, holding back tears.
I nod in agreement.
“I’m sorry. Where are my manners? I’m Janet, Ted’s wife,” she says, pointing to the groom in the photo.
“Nice pictures,” I say.
“To happier times…”
She takes a drink and looks at my empty hands.
“There are drinks in the kitchen. Don’t be shy; we’re all family here.”
Through her next gulp I can tell that she’s studying my face, trying to place me. But I’m nothing, just a big blank.
“I’m uh…”
The bride nods her encouragement.
“Well, you see… Um… I’m uh, I’m uh…”
“She’s gone; I can’t believe she’s gone,” a familiar woman’s voice blubbers.
Through the running mascara, I recognize The Girl’s Who Got Away best friend—The Woman Who Hates Me.
I step backward, away from The Woman Who Hates Me, who begins sobbing into the bride’s chest. 
Somehow among all the strangers, I forgot about The Woman Who Hates Me, but as I search for an exit out of this fucking hallway, I curse myself for being so obtuse as to think that her best friend wouldn’t be here.
I’m pretty sure she didn’t recognize me. I have no real proof of that, but I think I’m right because I’m pretty sure that if The Woman Who Hates Me saw my face, she’d finish what Boyd and the obese jogger started. But in a way, I wish right now that she would recognize me. I wish that she would curse my name, shriek to the heavens and command the men at the gathering to put me out of my misery. I stare at her, wishing for her to sound the alarm, but she’s too distraught to notice such a minor distraction, and Janet returns my gaze with an expression that says, Why don’t you move along? 
The muffled sobs of The Woman Who Hates Me fade away as I peddle back to the end of the hallway, praying that there is a room occupied by anyone else. Janet nods ever so slightly in my direction, and when I turn around, I’ve found salvation.   
In the living room, I find a friendly face in Ann, who embraces me and whispers in my ear, “I’m proud of you for coming to this. I know it’s not easy, but you’re a better man for it.”
I don’t have the heart to tell her that if it weren’t for Boyd’s intervention, I’d be spouting some nonsense about why Fuckable Coworker shouldn’t spend the night right about now.  
She touches my bruised face with the tips of her fingers. I recoil with the slight sting.
“What the hell happened?” she asks without really expecting an answer.
We sit on the couch and two girls I don’t recognize put things in perspective.
“I can’t believe she’s dead,” a blonde with a nose ring says. “We saw Weezer together last month at the Whisky.”
“I know, it’s crazy,” says the brunette, who sports a Chinese symbol etched into the small of her back.
“Totally crazy,” says the blonde.
“How was Weezer?” asks the brunette.
“All right. They played The Sweater Song, I love that song. Plus, I made out with this guy who works at MySpace, but he never called me.”
“Typical.”
“No big deal; he had an 818 number, anyway.”
“Gross.”
I’m wondering what kind of conversations I’ll overhear in the prison yard, when Zeiger dangles a whisky in front of me.
“How you holding up, amigo?” he asks. “Club soda for you, my darling.”
I shrug. Ann takes her drink, smiling at Zeiger.
“Boyd and Ferrell seem close,” he says. “Maybe you’ll get a deal.”
Hearing the world deal, both girls look in my direction, each one instantly calculating the suckability of my dick. 
I decide to throw them a bone.
“I need a new agent, the way he’s going I’ll be fucked on this deal, and my attorney is worthless.”
The girls lean in closer, but Ann shoots them a glare that would make a Mexican mafia hit man think twice about asking her for the time.
“Let’s go find a place to smoke,” the brunette suggests.
“Fucking cunts,” Ann says loud enough for them to hear as they walk away. But they know better than to cross Ann. She can turn her publicist face on and off without thinking, which means she can kill you with kindness, or the old-fashioned way, and still manage to sleep like a baby.
“So, are you going to tell us what happened to your face?” Zeiger asks.
“The first time was just your standard case of class warfare.”
“And the second?”
“Chalk it up to epicurean brutality.”
Zeiger nods.
“Why don’t I leave you two boys to talk?” Ann says. “Honey, remember you’re saying a few words tonight. And Ethan, try not to get punched in the face again. It would be bad.”
Ann pecks me on the cheek and kisses Zeiger on the lips.
“What do you mean bad?” I ask. “Like crossing the streams?” 
“Not funny, Ethan,” Ann says, a nauseous look creeping across her face. “I have to find the bathroom.
“Feel better, honey,” Zeiger says.
“What’s wrong with her?” I ask. 
“Nothing,” Zeiger says, tapping me on the knee. “Let’s go out back, Key Master.”
***
Perched on the diving board, I can see the moon reflect back at me through the chlorinated water. Its milky white mass ripples on the pool’s nearly still surface. You can’t see the moon in most Los Angeles pools. The lights are too bright; the air is too dirty. But far enough out into the Valley, lost way the hell out in Northridge, the moon reappears. There aren’t enough lights and the smog has yet to completely blot out the sky this far north, where you’re one wrong left turn from leaving town altogether—maybe for good.
“Whose house is this?” I ask.
“Just a friend of hers.”
“Who?”
“You don’t know them.”
“I don’t know many people here,” I say.
“Does that surprise you?”
“I thought I would, that’s all.”
“You thought they’d hate you, huh?”
“Well, yeah.”
“Did you think they’d hate you because you’re wanted for her murder or because you were her ex-boyfriend?”
“What’s the difference?”
“Hard to say. But neither is the case here. Nobody knows you.”
“Yeah. Well, there’s The Woman Who Hates Me; I kind of expected her here. I’m pretty sure she hates me, but she didn’t see me. At least, I don’t think she saw me.”
Zeiger looks at me like I’m an idiot. He knows all about The Woman Who Hates Me, but he hasn’t heard me talk about her in years. He thinks I’ve forgotten about her; he hopes that at this point, if I speak of her, I’d call her by her name. But I don’t.
“So, I don’t really matter here, do I?”
“Not to them,” Zeiger says, tossing his head back to the party. “I don’t even think The Woman Who Hates You is worthy of that appellation anymore.”
I look back in the direction of the house and see the two girls from inside sharing a joint in the shadows.
“But here’s the thing.”
“Yeah?”
“It’s not about them.”
“What’s not about them?”
“Anything. Nothing. Everything.”
“So, what’s it about then?”
“It’s about you. You didn’t want to come because you thought you’d be a pariah, now you’re seeing that you don’t even matter enough to be hated.”
“You really know how to cheer a guy up, don’t you?”
“You’re free, that’s all I’m saying.”
“Not for long,” I say holding my wrists up as if they’re linked together with cuffs that only Zeiger and I can see.
“That’s a circumstance that may or may not happen. But you don’t mean anything to her, and you don’t matter. You’re just the guy who showed up to the memorial service with a giant black and white cookie and a face that’s seen better days. You’re free because you can decide what matters. You can let her go and decide that she meant something once, a long time ago. Or, you can insist that she matters to you and vice versa, but that means you’ll have to go back inside and figure out what that means now that she’s gone and you’re guilty.”
“I’m not guilty.”
“I know. But you’re walking around like this is a story about a jilted lothario who killed the girl he loved and the man she was fucking.”
I look down at the water, cross my eyes and lose sight of myself in the moon’s reflection.
“Look, I have to go inside. I’m supposed to say a few words.”
“What are you going to say?”
“The usual. She was a great girl, a committed social worker. This was a senseless tragedy. She touched a lot of people, many of them here tonight. Etcetera. Etcetera. Etcetera.”
“Are you going to try that matter versus meaning stuff on this crowd?”
“No. Most people just want to know that they’re not the one in the box. Beyond that, they try not to think about stuff like this. Only humans can examine their lives, but most people aren’t up to the task. They just move on.”
Zeiger walks away. I lean back on the diving board and look up at the stars. Floating a few feet above the water, I close my eyes. 
***
There are more of us than I expected.
I’m standing in the doorway, the hot sun reflecting off Van Nuys Boulevard onto my back, the dark caverns and faded orange Formica counters of La Fogata in front of me. 
Her voice calls for number five, a Mr. Pete Ludwig.
I squint hard, and through the darkness I see the man she called Pete make his way through the crowd, a piece of paper pressed between his fingers. 
Pete is skin and bones. He’s easily the tallest man in the room. 
A space opens up and I step in from the sunlight. The room flashes into darkness, as the door closes behind me. 
No need to look back now.
“Let’s get a spotlight on him, fellas!” a voice that sounds remarkably like Bob Barker cries. “Spotlight! Spotlight!”
There’s a low click and a hum, and a beam of light crosses the room.
Particles of dust dance in the stale air.
Near the counter, the light finds its mark, picking up on a smiling Pete, his eyes wide with delight.
The Girl Who Got Away moves into the spotlight. She anchors her arm around Pete’s side and props herself up on her toes.
He bends at the knees and waist, bringing his head down to meet her lips.
She pecks his cheek as he wraps his wing-like arms around her.
“Pete Ludwig. Number five in her heart,” Bob Barker says. “You know, folks, love doesn’t grow on trees, but if it did, Pete would have been the apple of her eye.”
Signs light up the room, imploring the crowd to applaud. As instructed, we clap politely for Bob.
The noise dies down and The Girl Who Got Away pulls back from Pete.
“Number four,” she says, her voice almost giddy. “Brad Pitt.”
“Brad Pitt! Come on down!” Bob Barker screams into the microphone.
A sign advertising enchiladas mole retracts from the ceiling, and Brad Pitt is lowered down on a swing. 
As he sways back and forth, he morphs into JD. Then Floyd. And Rusty Ryan.  Tyler Durden. Detective David Mills. Joe Black.
Brad Pitt hops off the swing, waltzes over to The Girl Who Got Away and kisses her on the lips. 
Her left leg lifts in the air and his follows in quick succession. 
Unsolicited, the crowd erupts with applause.
As they part—him—confident, her wobbly—the applause die down and Bob Barker moans, “Hubba-hubba!”
Brad Pitt winks at the crowd and for a split-second I see what he would look like if he played Boyd.
Damn that fucker is a good actor.
The Girl Who Got Away regains her senses and says, “Number three. European Cliché Guy.”
“Casting! Get me a douche bag ASAP!” I hear Bob Barker yell.
A tall man with olive skin and thick, dark hair steps out of a Vanity Fair ad and into La Fogata. He helps himself to a Negro Modelo, completely ignoring The Girl Who Got Away. He lights a cigarette and finds the only copy of La Monde next to a plate of half-eaten nachos. He smokes; he reads the paper. He helps himself to three more Negro Modelos. He smokes some more. He finishes the paper. He drops a few Euros on the table. He leaves. And all the while The Girl Who Got Away watches, studying him, his every movement, soaking him in, digesting his soul, wishing he would just look in her direction, knowing that one word would make her succumb to him.
A clownish horn erupts.
Bump… Bump… Bum-Bwwwaahhh the horn echoes, giving way to a somber ahhh from the crowd. 
“What a fucking cliché,” Bob Barker says. 
The Girl Who Got Away holds back a tear.
“Fuck you, Bob,” she answers.
“Moving on,” Bob Barker says.
“Number three. George Bush.”
The crowd boos. There are mad yells and profane words as the spotlight lands on Lesser Me, who quickly says, “No relation.”
And with those two words, the crowd erupts into the loudest applause so far. The clapping is so loud and so prolonged that it drowns me out when I try to scream, “This is my fucking taco joint, asshole!”
Lesser Me trots to the stage, tongue-kisses The Girl Who Got Away, basks in the afterglow of his ridiculous ovation, pats her on the ass as he winks at me, and moves off to the side, where he devours a plate of carnitas tacos.
“Awesome tacos, Bob,” Lesser Me says.
“Isn’t he funny, folks?” Bob Barker asks.
The question prompts a weird kind of laughter, the kind you’d hear only at gunpoint. But then Bob Barker answers his own question: “He. Is. Funny.”
And then there’s silence.
“Number one. Alex Winter?” The Girl Who Got Away asks.
A boy in an orange and white AYSO soccer uniform slogs his way up to the counter.
“Isn’t he adorable, folks?” Bob Barker says. 
There’s mud caked on his uniform, and his cleats are too big.
“Alex, is that you?”
The boy looks up and he grows into a pimple-faced teenager wearing a Guns ‘N Roses t-shirt.
“Alex!”
He grows again, the pimples giving way to a goatee. 
“Alex, it’s you!”
Alex grows a final time. In khakis and a polo shirt now, he’s heavier. There are bifocals on his face and a silver wedding band on his finger. 
“Well, with the field narrowed down to five finalists for her heart, it looks like our contestant has her work cut out for her,” Bob Barker says. “Folks, stick around for these important commercials, and we’ll be right back with more of the show.”
Bob Barker loosens his tie. Alf comes out from the kitchen, wearing a giant sombrero and holding a plastic tray overloaded with tequila shots.
“Fucking illegal aliens,” Bob Barker mutters as he and Alf start pounding shots.  
The crowd relaxes, and in the background I can hear an old lady demanding to know wear the beef is.
I make my way through the crowd toward The Girl Who Got Away.
A producer is whispering in her ear while a makeup artist touches her up.
“Ethan, what are you doing here?” The Girl Who Got Away asks.
I try to speak, but it seems as though I have lost my tongue.
“Let me see your number, pal,” the producer says as the background noise shifts to a song about buying the world a Coke.
I try to open my mouth to say something, but the producer just demands my number again.
“You can’t speak, pal. Union rules, and we don’t have the budget for it,” the producer explains. “Now, let me see your number.” 
I look down at my hand and the ticket has become the picture Boyd gave me. 
I hand it to the producer, who reads it like a fortune cookie.
“Cute,” he says. “Show’s called Top Five Loves, pal. This ticket says 37.” 
The producer throws a quick sucker-punch to my mid-section. The violence doesn’t hurt so much as it feels gratuitous.
“Better luck next life, bozo,” he barks into my ear.
A burly stage manager pulls me to a booth in the corner. 
He finds me a seat and says, “Think of it as a consolation prize, man. If you promise not to interrupt again, I’ll see if I can snag you a set of those Ginsu knives. They cut cans, man. Seriously. They cut cans in half, man. Right in half.”
Alf fixes Bob Barker’s tie.
“Grassy-ass, amigo,” Bob Barker tells Alf, who makes an unceremonious exit back to the kitchen without saying a word. 
“Welcome back, folks. Let’s see if she’s made her choice.”
Bob Barker puts his arm around The Girl Who Got Away, who looks at the four remaining contestants, European Cliché Guy having left to find more cigarettes, presumably.
“So who will it be? Who will be the love of your life, honey?” Bob Barker asks. “Will it be Pete Ludwig, an environmental activist you met in college?”
The spotlight finds Pete, who gives a modest wave to the crowd.
“Will it be Brad Pitt, who I might add has won a record 4,356 episodes of this show?”
The spotlight finds Brad Pitt eating a plate of nachos. He belches and gives an indifferent wave to the crowd.
“4,357, Bob! Get your shit together,” Brad Pitt says.
“Isn’t he sexy?” Bob Barker asks.
“No, not really,” The Girl Who Got Away says. “He kind of looks gross right now.”
An errant bean falls from Brad Pitt’s lip as a slight frown comes over his face.
“He’s cute and all, but not right now. It’s not working for me. Like when he was in that ‘Twelve Monkeys’ movie.”
“Brad, you heard the lady. You’re free to go.”
“Can I get a doggy bag?” Brad Pitt asks. “The food here is delicious.”
Alf comes out from the kitchen and brings Brad Pitt a doggy bag.
“And now we have George Bush. What say you, honey?”
“No, he’s not the love of my life,” The Girl Who Got Away says.
The spotlight finds Lesser Me, who simply says, “Whatever.”
“Well, that leaves…” Bob Barker starts to say. But before he can finish, The Girl Who Got Away has leapt into the arms of Alex Winter.
“Isn’t that special, folks? She picked her childhood sweetheart.”
“Somebody better tell his wife,” the stage manager says as he hands me a set of Ginsu knives. “Best knives on the planet, man. The best.”
The Girl Who Got Away kisses her childhood sweetheart. Bob Barker commands two blondes to link arms with him. He whispers to them, and they both giggle like strippers keen to keep the client happy. 
“Thanks for watching, folks,” Bob Barker says to the crowd. “And remember to have your pets spayed or neutered.”
***
I’m not sure how long I’ve been asleep. The two girls from inside the house, giggling and blowing pot smoke in my face, awaken me.
“We thought you could use this,” the blonde girl says, handing me the joint.
I thank her as I sit up and relieve her of the joint.
I take a long drag and the brunette asks about my face.
“The sheriff in Malibu,” I say by way of explanation. “He’s a real reactionary.”
Neither girl laughs, so I make a note not to use any big words.
“How do you know her?” I ask. 
“Oh, we’re both in the same acting class,” the blonde says.
“No, I mean her,” I say, nodding toward the house.
The three of us look through the glass door. Inside the crowd has gathered around Zeiger, who is clearly saying something comforting.
“We were neighbors,” the blonde says. “I found the bodies… it was…”
“Oh my god. I need another hit before you tell this story again,” the brunette says. “It’s fucking creepy.”
I hand her the joint.
“Don’t tell it,” I say.
“You don’t want to hear it?”
“No.”
“I hate death, too,” the brunette says, sitting next to me on the diving board. “Is that black guy your agent?”
“Sort of.”
“Who’s he with?”
“L.A.P.D.”
“Didn’t they break away from CAA?”
“What’s your tattoo say?” I ask the brunette.
“Do not enter,” the blonde giggles.
We share the uneasy laugh of strangers brought together by forces of marijuana and an instinct for hypergamy.
“So what do you do?” the brunette asks, arching her torso forward and curling her face around to meet mine.
This lets me know that the tattoo could mean anything, if I play my cards right. And when the blonde giggles and says, “Yeah, tell us what you do,” I know that anything is possible.
“I’m a writer,” I say.
“Film or television?”
“Both,” I say, because telling girls that you write for the Internet is tantamount introducing yourself as a perennially unemployed, chronic masturbator.
“I knew it,” the brunette says. “You look like a writer.”
“What does a writer look like?”
“Smart.”
Again we chuckle. 
“Are you writing something for me?” the brunette purrs.
“Maybe.”
“What’s it about?”
“Nothing. I mean everything, in a sense. But it’s not one of those stories that makes sense in a classic sort of way.”
“So it’s an art film?” the blonde asks, biting her upper lip. “I’ve done a few of those, too.”
“No, it’s not an art film. It’s a thriller with a lot of sex and violence.”
The blonde takes a seat on the other side of me, handing me the remains of the joint.
“We like sex and violence.”
“Everyone does.”
“So, you’re shopping it around, or do you have an overall deal somewhere?”
I finish the joint, stub the ashes out with my toe and look up to see Boyd marching toward us.
“Your agent is cute,” the blonde says.
“He likes boys,” I whisper.
Boyd closes the gap. Hovering over us, he says, “Four-twenty. Want me to add it to your tab, smokey?”
“You don’t dress like a gay,” the blonde says. “Where did you get that suit? 1994?”
“Bad news, Ethan,” Boyd says with a grin. 
I hold up my hands, waiting for him to cuff me, but instead he says, “We struck out at Paramount. That was our last shot. Nobody wants it. Too esoteric, they said. Whatever. The important thing is, I think it’s great. And tomorrow I’m going to have my assistant call around to every reality producer in town. We’ll get you a job pronto.”
The girls stand, leaving me alone on the diving board.
“You ladies don’t want to give him a ride home?”
“You take him,” the brunette says. “We’re going in a different direction.”
***
Zeiger’s words were clearly a hit. Men shake his hand firmly; women kiss and hug him, telling Ann how lucky she is to have such a great guy. Ann smiles sweetly in agreement. Zeiger really did put the moment in perspective for the crowd—a few heartfelt words, a keen observation masquerading as profundity, and the communal exchange of memories about the recently departed are enough to numb us back into life’s regular routine. 
I don’t want to press through the crowd to say goodbye, so I make eye contact with Ann and motion that it’s time for me to leave. She gives me an understanding look, and Boyd and I head for the door.
Less than a foot from freedom, I hear my name.
“Ethan?” The Woman Who Hates Me says, emphasizing the last syllable of my name as if to make it a question.
I turn to face her for the first time in years.
“Hello Brenda,” I say, an uncomfortable formality in my voice.
But to my surprise, Brenda falls into my arms, forcing an uneasy embrace upon me.
She lingers, holding back tears.
“I’m so glad you came,” she says. “She’d be so happy that you came to remember her.” Each time she speaks, Brenda emphasizes the word so as if these words are the most important she has ever said or will ever say. Of course, these words aren’t that important, and I get the distinct feeling that she will forget them moments after our awkward encounter.
“Huh?” I say, opting for monosyllabic communication because I can’t even begin to fathom what words should be exchanged between two people who have let mutual hate metastasize into cold, vague familiarity. For reasons that neither of us can clearly remember, The Girl Who Hates Me was steadfastly opposed to my courtship of The Girl Who Got Away. If I was the fox in the proverbial hen house, The Girl Who Hates Me was the trigger-happy farmer, eager to slay me before I could do any real damage. But now, we are more like two faded co-stars from a canceled sitcom, brought together by a reunion show only after both of our careers have fizzled and been forgotten. Our squabbles once occupied center stage, but now—after all the water under the bridge—they are less than trivial.  
She pushes back from me, my inability to reciprocate her social graces somehow breaking with the established pattern for the evening—kind words and white lies.
“Same old Ethan,” Brenda says, holding back her tears. “I’ll spare you.”
I turn to Boyd and whisper, “Get me the fuck out of the Valley now and I’ll give you your confession.”


Let the Mother Fucker Burn


It takes Boyd a few minutes to find the 118 freeway, which some people call the “Ronald Reagan,” and which many people don’t refer to at all. Boyd flips on his lights and presses hard on the gas as he says, “I hate being out this far; it’s no place to live.”
He settles into his seat, ready for the high-speed combat of LA’s freeways at night.
In a few minutes, Boyd finds the 5, which is a straight shot to Northern California in the other direction, and a few hours from the Mexican border the way we’re going. But we don’t spend much time on this stretch of the 5, which shares its pavement with the 170, a freeway that is really just the logical extension of Highland Avenue, if you let it stretch out of Hollywood and into the abyss of the Valley. 
In less than ten minutes, we’re on familiar turf, fleeing the Valley at lightening speed.
Moving onto the 101, Boyd cuts off a few unsuspecting motorists at an interchange seemingly built by sadists. Horns echo in the background as Boyd says, “Let’s hear it.”
“We’re not out of the Valley yet,” I say.
“We’re close enough.”
“We haven’t passed Universal Studios.”
Boyd floors it, and as I look over, I can see the needle on the speedometer flat-line all the way to the right.  
We slingshot past the few lonely cars making their way out of the Valley at this time of night.
Boyd moves the car into the right lane, when a blurry, white sign alerts us to the fact that Highland is a mile away.
“Hollywood Bowl traffic,” I say.
“You’re stalling,” Boyd says.
“I’m also right. The Bowl should be letting out around now.”
Boyd tries to break left and get out of the exit lane, but a Ford Explorer in our blind spot wails on the horn. 
“Fucking twat,” Boyd snaps, pointing to the flashing lights on his roof. 
But the driver in the Ford Explorer couldn’t care less.
“Why don’t you shoot him?” I ask.
“Paperwork,” Boyd says. “Too much paperwork.”
“We’re boxed in, you know.”
Boyd looks in his rearview mirror, and in an instant, he knows I’m right. His eyes narrow like a hunter starring at a kill shot. 
Driving in Los Angeles is a contact sport, and not for the faint of heart. It’s sort of like football on meth without a helmet and, of course, there’s always the possibility of gunfire. Miss a second, and you’re the other guy’s bitch; miss two seconds and you’re the top story on the local evening news, complete with a stock graphic of a mangled car and copy that reads “Fatal collision.” For some Angelenos, a red spot on the freeway and thirty seconds on the evening news are as close as they’ll get to fame, and most of them drive like everything depends on carving out your piece of the metal jungle.  
“I think he’s got you,” I tell Boyd. “You’ll have to give up.” 
My observation only enrages Boyd.
“It’s not over yet,” he says, tightening his grip on the faded leather steering wheel. Like a lot of LA drivers, he is prepared to take this all the way. “If this guy pushes it, I’ll ram my cock down his throat so hard he’ll be blowing cum bubbles for a week.”
No Angeleno likes losing, not where matters of traffic are concerned. If it means making a light, you’ll cut off your mother and flip her the bird for good measure. It’s just how we drive. And being boxed in on the 101, pushed off before you’re ready to exit is a humiliation that’s too much to take for any motorist in the City of Angels; but for a cop—the king of the road—it’s a comeuppance that just doesn’t happen.
Boyd fakes left, and the Ford Explorer lets loose with another horn blast. But Boyd won’t give up. He’s like a NASCAR driver making a hole out of a flying metal prison. 
The make-or-break moment looms larger in the windshield. Either we’ll exit or we’ll smack head-on into a cement barrier. It’s certain death or sweet victory for Boyd; there is no middle ground. He is man of action, not to be trifled with. 
I am not that man. I am indifferent as to the outcome. On the freeway, I can’t tell the difference between winning and losing.
Boyd gives the wheel another hard yank to the left, and again the driver in the Ford Explorer lays on the horn.
I snap my head back and to the left, spotting an outraged white guy with Stüssy stickers plastered all over his windshield. He’s yelling something from inside his car, and I’m pretty sure that he’s actually hoping to run us into the wall.
“He looks pretty pissed,” I tell Boyd. 
“You think he’s pissed now, wait a couple more seconds. His world is about to get fucked six ways from Sunday.”
“A couple more seconds and we’ll be a red spot on the exit.”
Boyd flings the wheel hard to the left. The violence of the swerve is so severe that the driver in the Ford Explorer buckles. He breaks and turns just enough for Boyd to find a hole, escaping a last-minute date with certain death.
“Boo-yah,” Boyd exclaims.
I say nothing.
But Boyd’s small victory appears short lived. In an instant the Ford Explorer is tight on our tail, riding our ass, the driver giving his horn a workout.
“Moron,” Boyd grumbles as he slows down. “I hope this guy has some lube, because he’s got a date with the butt-pirates at County tonight.”
“What are you doing? Are you trying to antagonize him?”
“I’ve got the lights on; he should know better,” Boyd says as he reaches for his CB radio. “I’m taking this sucker out.”
We’re a quick-minute from Vine, our exit, but Boyd has just enough time to call it in.
Barking a barrage of numbers and letters into the CB, Boyd summons the avenging angels of the Highway Patrol. As Boyd moves toward the Vine exit, a motorcycle cop swoops in out of nowhere right behind the Ford Explorer. Red and blue lights mix in the night sky.
“Don’t fuck with the police,” Boyd admonishes, and I wonder if he’s talking to the guy in the Ford Explorer or me.
We exit. I look to my left, and as the elevated freeway disappears from my view, I can see the motorcycle cop charging down his big catch.
“There’s a speed trap there,” Boyd says before I can ask him what the fuck just happened. “Sucker better hope he doesn’t have any coke in the car.”
“I never knew there was a speed trap there,” I say, omitting a fact Boyd must know—that I’ve been on that stretch of freeway almost as many times as him. How could I have missed such a critical detail of Los Angeles intelligence? 
“The police are everywhere,” he says. 
“Where were they when I was getting my ass kicked at Sam’s?” I say.
“Shift change. Mandatory shift change. You don’t want to see the city’s budget. Trust me. It’s a mess.”
“But he’s just waiting there all night.”
“Well, we’re everywhere there’s revenue, Ethan.”
We pass the Capitol Records building when Boyd says, “So, let’s hear that confession.”
“Huh?” I say, admiring a building constructed to look like a pile of turntables stretching to the heavens.
“Your confession, Ethan. Let’s hear it.”
“Sorry… I…”
“You’re going to let a little traffic squabble shake your nerves? What kind of Angeleno are you? Man up a little, huh. Reach into your pants, caress your tiny balls and do the right thing here, okay?”
“Man up? Who talks like that? What are you an ad for the LAPD or a Bruce Willis movie?”
“Hey fuckballs, I can go around and around until the Earth ends—I’m a homicide detective, get it? Breaking apart a numbskull like you is like a vacation in Hawaii—big island. But the longer I wait, the nastier I get because clearing cases is what I do, understand?”
I nod.
“So, let’s hear it, smart guy.”
“Sorry, I’m just a little, you know… it’s been a weird day, and now…”
“You need more than that, Ethan,” Boyd says as we cross Santa Monica Boulevard. “Start from the beginning. How did you feel tonight?”
We pass a Yoshinoya restaurant, and my mind leaves me to ruminate on sugar-coated teriyaki chicken and crippling amounts of sodium. Without thinking I say, “It doesn’t matter.”
“What doesn’t matter?”
“Me, I guess. I don’t matter. Being there, it really didn’t matter.”
“So, you killed her because you wanted to matter?”
“I thought I did matter,” I say, as Boyd enters the left-hand turn pocket at Melrose. 
“And when you saw her with another guy at La Fogata, you realized that she had moved on, so you put a bullet in her and two in him for good measure?”
Boyd makes the turn onto Melrose.
“If you tell me you were a jilted lover, I may be able to keep the DA from seeking the death penalty. The DA doesn’t like to take crimes of passion to trial in this city, Ethan. Too many soap opera fans and wannabe screenwriters to risk a trial under those circumstances. They all think crimes of passion sound like a movie of the week or some Hollywood bullshit picture. Too many fucking self-absorbed wannabes in this town. We get all the wackos—there’s nowhere else for them to go I guess.”
“I didn’t kill them,” I say as Boyd pulls onto my street.
“Cut the crap, man,” Boyd says, parking his car next to my building. “This is such an easy fucking case. Guy and a girl run into girl’s ex-boyfriend. That’s you, amigo. Girl is a knockout, and a real hot number with tits that probably taste like maple syrup and an ass that radiates sunshine. Plus, she’s smart. A little naïve, trying to clean up this city, but sweet, you know. Very professional. Likeable. A real catch. The guy is a stupid-looking motherfucker who would make any ex wonder, What the fuck does she see in that guy? Guy and girl are clearly in love. Meanwhile, the ex, a real malcontent motherfucker if you ask me, is busy putting his dick in any sorry piece of tail he can find, praying that he can forget about her. But the more he fucks other women, the more he realizes that he must’ve lost big time. Big. Time. Stop me if I’m missing anything, sport.”
Boyd stares at me for a hard-boiled minute before he continues. 
“Ex meets his replacement in the parking lot of his favorite taco joint. Maybe they have a few words. Maybe the guy gives the girl an extra kiss or a pat on the ass as a way of saying, Fuck you to the ex. Nobody sees this, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t humiliating—losing your girl to a class-A dipshit and finding out at your favorite taco stand, no less. That’s a cold shower wakeup call you never ordered; I know how rough that can be. Trust me.”
“You think that’s enough to make someone kill?” I ask.
“No. I think there’s more. I think you realized in that instant that your whole life has been a pathetic, insignificant series of bullshit events. I think you realized that all of your bullshit, all of your thoughts, all of your smug remarks didn’t mean a goddamned thing. I think that got to you. I think it struck a nerve, I think it shook you to the core, and I think you snapped.”
“No, that just happened tonight,” I say meekly. “I thought I had it all figured out until you dragged me to that awful memorial service. Tonight is when I broke. And you’re right; I don’t matter. My life doesn’t mean a thing, and I might as well be dead. I wish I were. But I’m stuck here, waiting for the inevitable.”
I turn my face to the window and fix my eyes on my building. A figure moves out of the shadows and crosses the street at a brisk pace.
“Can I go now?” I ask.
“I thought you were going to give me a confession,” Boyd says, his eyes snapping to attention, reflexively tracking the mysterious figure in the rearview mirror.
“I can’t admit to a crime I didn’t commit,” I say. “I’m a waste of space, but I’m not a liar. Or a murderer.”
I tug at the door handle, and I’m half-surprised to find it unlocked. I open the door a crack and say, “If you can’t catch the guy, I’ll be your patsy. But don’t make me confess. I’ll do what you need, but I won’t do that.”
My right foot touches pavement, but I’m being pulled back hard by my collar.
As I brace for Boyd’s savage beating, I wonder if he’ll just rub me out and dump me in the desert. Maybe some Hollywood producer will option my story when it “breaks” in the LA Times a decade after the worms and buzzards have had their way with me.
I can almost feel the permanent oblivion of decomposing in the desert—yet another casualty of sloppy Los Angeles justice. 
The lede paragraph in the LA Times will likely begin, On a lonely stretch of road an hour from Barstow police found… 
But a loud thud interrupts my nightmarish vision, and a wave of crisp heat envelopes my body. 
Glass shatters. 
Alarms blare.
My ears ring.
My mouth moves, and I’m pretty sure that I’m talking, but I can’t hear any words at all. The noises all blend into a singular shrill ring that consumes my entire world. 
I think I’m saying, “What the fuck was that?” And when I see Boyd’s face hovering over me, his mouth moving at a frightening pace, I believe that he is trying to answer my question, but I can’t be certain.
A stream of warm blood runs down my face. 
Boyd crawls over me and slams the door shut. He starts the engine and peels out, crashing into parked cars as we careen down a block that had been dead asleep moments earlier. Behind me I can see neon orange flames where my building once stood. In front of me is the night’s blackness and nothing else.



I Love the Smell of Napalm in Los Angeles


My hearing returns just in time to hear Boyd say, “Don’t get out of the fucking car! Don’t fucking move!”
We’re a block from what was my apartment building, and even with the windows closed I can smell the acrid smoke. 
Boyd is outside, staring down the midnight air with his gun drawn. But only the sounds of barking dogs and car alarms are there to explain the night. Whatever Boyd is looking for isn’t there, and so he jumps back in the car, puts it in reverse and returns us to the scene of the crime.
“I think I’m all right,” I tell Boyd, who ignores me as he calls it in on his CB radio. 
Of course, Boyd’s gesture is both required and utterly useless. The explosion must have been heard for miles, and before Boyd can finish his coded message, police cars, fire trucks and ambulances arrive on the scene, spreading out in a kind of impromptu camp. 
Boyd gets out of the car, comes around to my side and yanks me out onto the street. 
I watch my building, my car, and my life disintegrate in the fire as Boyd barks orders to cops, instructing them to establish a perimeter around the scene. He’s like a black Tommy Lee Jones in the Fugitive, except that Boyd doesn’t know what he’s searching for, and I get the distinct feeling from the look in his eyes that he may never know. 
Explosions don’t just happen. Buildings in Los Angeles don’t just burst into flames unless there’s a Hollywood special effects crew in the neighborhood. 
I wonder about my neighbors, even the creepy ghost of a man with his mysterious briefcase. I wonder if he had something to do with the explosion. I wonder if he was busy chopping up his latest victim when the building blew. Or was he fast asleep, dreaming of skinning virgins and feasting on the tender ovaries of the city’s hookers? All possibilities seem as plausible as the explosion itself. I wonder about the Asian couple that lives next to me. Were they fucking when the building blew? Were they Korean or Chinese? I never asked. What happened to my upstairs neighbor, the one who makes loud noises every night between 11:54 p.m. and 12:09 a.m.? Was my upstairs neighbor a man or a woman?
“Did they get out okay?” I ask the night, but there’s no answer.
“We’re looking for a homeless man,” Boyd yells at the officers, who stand ready to fan out in every direction.
“He’s about 6 feet, 4 inches, maybe 170 pounds. White. Dirty. Skinny”
“That’s all we’ve got to go on, detective?” one of the uniformed officers asks.
“If I had more, I’d give it to you, turd.” Boyd snaps. “Tell all units to stop anyone in a five-mile radius matching that description.”
“That could be anyone,” a cop tells Boyd.
“Then you better start moving!”
The police scramble, except for the cop who gave Boyd lip. “Detective, you’ve got a pretty bad cut on your forehead, let me get someone to take a look at it for you.”
But Boyd waves him off and comes to join me.
“What the hell just happened?” I ask Boyd. “Since when do buildings just blow up?”
The firemen break the windows of a red Toyota Camry parked in front of a hydrant. 
“What happened?” I ask. “What’s going to happen?”
The firemen run a hose through the Camry and quickly set about knocking down the flames before they can consume any more property.
“They’ll put the fire out,” Boyd says calmly.
A fire captain screams something about searching for survivors, and I wonder if he’s blind—the building is a fireball.
“How many people lived in your building?” Boyd asks. “How many units?”
“Huh?”
“How many units?” he snaps.
And without thinking, I yell back, “Twelve.”
Boyd grabs me by the wrist and pulls me along with him to speak with the fire captain.
“He lives in this building,” Boyd tells the fire captain. “There are twelve units.”
“City plans say ten,” the fire captain yells.
“There are two illegal units at the back end of the car port,” I say, surprising Boyd and myself by volunteering something useful.
“Holy shit!” A voice from the fire line screams. “We got one. Get a medic. Now!”
I turn to face the building, and to my shock I see my neighbor, the creepy ghost, stumbling out of the blaze. He’s coughing and hacking. This is the first time I’ve seen him without his briefcase or trench coat. He’s wearing faded blue Smurf boxers and a white tank top, and somehow this makes him look normal. Almost. 
I never thought of my neighborly ghost as existing in anything but a trench coat, but the image of a fireman wrapping him in a blanket allows me to see him as almost human for a second. But the appearance of several more neighbors pushes that thought out of my head.
One by one they tumble out, coughing and spitting the smoke from their lungs, rubbing their heat-smacked bodies to determine if the flesh is still covering the bone.
I am stunned that anyone survived. 
Firemen help the survivors from the flaming wreckage, passing them off to paramedics as they clear the immediate danger area. 
One by one, each limps into the relative safety of Boyd’s camp.
There are more of them than I would have thought. The scene looks like the all-building meeting we never had. If this were an episode of Melrose Place, we’d all hug and kiss each other, even those of us with scores to settle from long-standing feuds. We’d all cry and glare at the ghost. We’d all conclude that it was him, even though we’d all later find out that it was the evil doctor with a gambling problem and soft spot for strippers. 
But of course, there is no evil doctor in our building. There is no doctor in our building at all, evil or good. The building just houses people, broken or simple, people without gravitas or the weight of anything grand. These are bacon and eggs kind of people—working stiffs with quiet problems and loud cars. 
We each carve out our own space in the street, our own individual vantage point for watching our lives turn to ash. The fire matters to all of us, but I have no idea what it means to any of my neighbors.  
Time to cash in on that renters insurance? Move in with a boyfriend you hope you love? Find a homeless shelter?
How could any of them have survived that blast, I wonder?
Boyd counts the smoke-caked survivors in his head. 
“I make sixteen people,” he says like a waiter tabulating the number of waters needed for a table. “Is that the total number of occupants in the building?”
I don’t know the answer to this question. I know how many units were in the building, even counting the two illegal conversions that the landlord never talked about; but the truth is that I have no idea who my neighbors are. Aside from the ghost, any one of them could have stopped me on the street, spat in my face and told me to drop dead and I wouldn’t have known who the hell they were. These are my neighbors—the closest people in my life, physically speaking, but I wouldn’t know them from a hole in the ground. 
“Is that all of them, Ethan?” Boyd says again, this time his tone impatient.
I snap to attention.
“I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?”
“I don’t know anyone in the building.”
“Nobody?”
“Well, I know him,” I say pointing to the ghost.
“Well, is one of these people the manager?”
“I think she is,” I say, pointing to an elderly black woman, who I believe lives in the apartment where I leave my rent check on the first of each month. I’ve been paying rent for years, but the transaction has always been between me and her door, and when I point her out to Boyd, I don’t tell him that there’s only a fifty percent chance that I’ve got the right woman.
“Wait here,” Boyd says, as he marches over to the elderly black woman sitting on the back of an ambulance.
She’s wearing an oxygen mask and clinging to a county-issued blanket, but that doesn’t stop Boyd from asking her a few questions. From a distance, I can see her remove the mask, despite an attempt by a paramedic to keep it on her mouth. It doesn’t take long for Boyd to get the information he needs, and after talking with the woman, he sprints over to the fire captain and relays what he’s learned. That process takes another minute or so, which gives me time to study the faces of the strangers that live above and below me. They are curious people, indeed. I’ve seen each of them here and there, I realize, but I’ve never seen them in this light, worn out and terrified, dressed in their bedtime clothes, open to the world, right there on the street. Where will they go? Where will I go? The Girl Who Got Away would know how to answer these questions.
As I fix my eyes on a brownish man of indeterminate age and origin, I notice the blanket around him begin to flap in the breeze.
“What the fuck?” I hear a voice scream. “Fucking vultures!”
The brown man wraps the blanket tighter around his shoulders, but the ends of the material rise up and begin to flap wildly around his waist.
A dull thwap, thwap, thwap pierces the air. The noise settles into a loud, unsettling rhythm. 
“Get them the fuck out of here!” I hear Boyd yell over the growing noise.
I break my gaze from the brown man and his dancing blanket. Around me fire fighters scramble to hold down their gear as fierce gusts of wind snap through our camp.
Above me is the answer.
“Motherfucking TV news goons,” Boyd says. 
I look up into the blinding, white beam of a television news chopper’s spotlight. It’s surprisingly low,  almost close enough to touch.
The fire fighters scream, aiming their hoses to the building next door, fearful that the flames will jump to wooden roof of a duplex that occasionally treats the neighborhood to extended jam sessions reminiscent of a distinctly untalented Nirvana.
The wind from the chopper’s rotors kicks us around, whipping the flames into a full-blown catastrophe. They must really be getting great footage.
“Get that air controller on the horn and tell him he’s got five seconds to clear the space or I’ll blast his ass out of the sky,” Boyd yells at the fire captain, who is already barking orders into his CB. 
But nothing happens quickly, and when I see Boyd put his hand on his revolver, I can tell that he is debating just how much paperwork a downed news chopper will warrant. 
The chopper is clearly in the wrong, but the footage is too good and the consequences of moving for the news chopper can only mean that a second helicopter—one of a half-dozen hovering above the fray—will swoop in and steal the shot. Which is probably why Boyd decides not to blow them out of the sky, because fire and carnage only breeds more press helicopter coverage in Los Angeles, never less. This city’s disasters are just too epic not to get aerial shots, no matter what the budget says. 
And so the news chopper holds its ground, making us into the city’s star attraction for as long as ten million Angelenos can consume the misery of the few. 
The fire fighters curse and grumble and soon they lose the upper hand. The fire retreats inward into the bowels of the building. A low, ominous rumble gives the fire fighters just enough warning to know that they are about to lose the battle.
“Get back! Get the hell back!” 
The screams come from everywhere as the chopper begins to ascend.
“Take cover!”
With a whoosh, a second blast erupts from the burning structure, and then a series of blasts echoes throughout the street. One by one, the gas tanks in our cars fuel the destruction. The heat sears us all again. 
What a sight it must be indeed. If I weren’t lying prone on the street, enduring the destruction and waiting for the end, I’d be at home, smoking a bowl on my couch watching my city document its own demise. These are the thoughts that run through my mind as I kiss the pavement, letting the fire’s expanding breath embrace me. 


Zen and the Art of Delusion in Mar Vista


If there’s an upside to having all of your worldly possessions incinerated for the entertainment of the city’s local news audience, it is this: You need not recount the dreary details when you show up at your friend’s home, seared and bandaged, wearing clothes that are destined for the garbage bin and without a single solitary possession, save for what was in your pocket—a little cash, some plastic and a cell phone.
“It’s like you’re going Buddha, Ethan,” Zeiger says as he and Ann welcome me into their home at an ungodly hour. “Nothing but the clothes on your back. Have you found enlightenment?” 
I had called them from my cell phone because Boyd said I should find a temporary place to stay. I kept the call short. “Turn on KCAL 9,” I had said. “That’s my apartment. I’m okay, I think. I need a place to stay.” Zeiger muttered something about Ann needing her rest these days.
Then I hung up the phone and let the paramedic clean the gash on my forehead. He applied a bandage and when I asked him about the burning sensation on my skin, he told me that it would feel like I had a really bad sunburn for a few days. “Drink lots of water and rub some aloe on it a couple of times a day,” he told me. This is about the same advice any surfer would give you, except that the paramedic didn’t call me “bro” at any point during our brief interaction.
“I look like a fucking lobster,” I told the paramedic, which prompted him to remind me that I could just as well have been killed in the blast.
On Boyd’s orders, a police cruiser drove me to Zeiger and Ann’s house. I asked Boyd where he was going, but all he said was “home.” Perhaps random explosions trump murder investigations in Los Angeles, I thought. 
The ride to Zeiger and Ann’s was slow and quiet. We hit red light after red light, and when I asked the cop why he didn’t just put his lights on and blow through the empty intersections, he looked at me like I had just proposed a series of bank robberies with him as the wheel man. I told him that I was joking, that I always thought about running red lights at midnight because there was never anyone on the road. I had hoped that this would endear me to him, one Angeleno to another, all of us prisoners of the city’s hellacious and frequent traffic jams. It did not.
“That’s incredibly dangerous, sir,” he said. Those were the only words he uttered during the whole ride. We did the speed limit from Hollywood to Mar Vista, a quiet Westside suburb that gets the benefit of an occasional sea breeze. The name, of course, means sea view, but there’s no way you can see the ocean from Mar Vista. Not even close. The name is a lie, a subtle advertising tool that lets real estate agents jack up the price by playing off the desire so many Angelenos feel to live near the ocean. Mar Vista, like most of the Westside, is best described as ocean adjacent, which is to say that like everyone else in Los Angeles, the residents of Mar Vista have every right to get in their cars, fight traffic, pay for parking, and take in a day at the beach.
This is where Zeiger and Ann have made a home. It’s got everything a couple of grownups could want. She is fifteen minutes from her offices in Brentwood. There is a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf on her way to work where she can stop and get a soy chai latte to help her face the day. He is a lot farther from work, but it’s a straight shot up the 405, which would be bad, except for the fact that the odd hours of a philosophy professor at CSUN mean he seldom encounters the fierce Los Angeles traffic. Around the corner is a Whole Foods market where they buy organic everything. They even buy organic cheese puffs, which seems insane to anyone who ever asked where a puff might organically occur in nature. But Zeiger and Ann love their healthy-feeling food, and they love their neighborhood and their house, which has a yard on one of those cul-de-sac streets that never sees the lights of an unfamiliar car or the intrusion of elements contrary to the Westside lifestyle they and their neighbors rigidly enforce behind imaginary lines of demarcation. It is, for all intents and purposes, a bourgeois Nirvana, and when they moved here a few years back, I knew that it would be the end of our salad days and the start of the brunch era. 
A police cruiser—at any hour—is not a common or welcome sight in this neighborhood. The middleclass wants nothing to do with those who are fodder for the local news. Fortunately for me, amid all this wonderfully pristine perfection, there is a guest bedroom and bathroom. I have a pass, of sorts, having stayed here exactly twice. On both occasions I was too drunk to drive and too unlucky to find companionship for the evening. But I do blend. Sort of. And Zeiger and Ann welcome me, despite the fact that I’ve intruded on their suburban splendor. 
“I’ll find some clothes for you,” Ann says sweetly. “Let’s get you into the shower.”
Like a concerned mother, Ann escorts me to the shower, even though I know my way. She runs the water, piles high a stack of fresh towels and instructs me to say goodbye to the smoke-caked threads that cling to my body.
I step into the warm shower, but the water attacks my skin, piercing and pricking my derma in a never-ending assault. Each drop is a painful reminder of the night’s events. I make quick work of the shower, trying to wash away the stink of it all without putting in the time to truly get clean.
I hop out, find a towel and pat myself dry, inhaling the rain forest scent of Ann’s organic laundry detergent. Somehow rain forests mean clean clothes, despite the fact that every movie I’ve ever seen set in such locations features actors draped in sweat-stained shirts and trousers.
Inside the guest room, I find some of Zeiger’s old clothes. I smile as I climb into a faded t-shirt commemorating the 1988 Dodgers. An image of Tommy Lasorda’s iconic one-inch leap off the ground covers the left side of my torso. Stenciled across my chest are the words “World Champions.” I complete my new wardrobe with blue and white polka dot boxers and a pair of well-worn jeans, the kind you never want to give up because the fit feels like your legs are covered by clouds. 
This is the most comfortable I’ve felt in a long time, despite the fact that each movement comes with a painful reminder of my “bad sunburn” and my nostrils are still clogged with smoke.
Barefoot, I find my way into the living room, where I see Ann and Zeiger waiting for me. She’s decimated a bag of organic cheese puffs, and he’s clearly cut a line in the carpet with all of his pacing. I am not the sort of guest a bourgeois couple wants in their home. I am dirty. I am smelly. I am an outcast. And I am trouble.
“It’s late and I have to be up for work soon,” Ann says, her voice yielding to the hour. “So, I don’t want to hear any bullshit, Ethan.”
I look at Zeiger, who defers to Ann, as is the custom of men and women who have cohabitated long enough to know the rules of the road.
“I have two questions. That’s it.”
“All right,” I say.
“Are you going to be okay?”
“And the second question,” I prompt.
“Is my house going to blow up if we let you stay here?”
“I don’t know,” I say, answering both questions.


Thursday
Hunting Buddha


Under the circumstances, waking and baking seems like an excellent idea, I tell myself as I rummage through Zeiger and Ann’s house looking for weed as the clock flirts with noon. 
My nerves are completely shot. I’ve been busted by the cops, beat down and blown up and it’s not even Friday. A bowl of marijuana for breakfast seems perfectly reasonable, as natural as a Frosted Flakes or organic turkey bacon and farm-fresh eggs.
Technically, I’m supposed to be at work, but 1) I don’t have a car and 2) I wince every time my skin comes into contact with anything at all.
I check the usual spots, the coffee table drawers and the bookcase by the television. I come up empty. Nothing makes you feel more like a junky than rummaging through a foreign house, looking for pot. If it were beer, it would be in the fridge, but unfortunately the typical American home lacks a standard place to store your marijuana, and ever since Ann and Zeiger moved out of Hollywood, they’ve kept a very typical American home—West LA edition.
After looking through two-dozen assorted drawers, nooks and crannies, I break down and decide to send Ann a text.
Where do you keep your tea?
A reply comes back within five minutes.
Bedroom dresser, top drawer. It’s old. Shake. Don’t you have stuff you need to do today?
The first parts of the message make sense, and I quickly find the herbal remedy I’ve been searching for. But as I pack a bowl, I ponder Ann’s question.
Do I have stuff I need to do today, I find myself asking?
I suppose the answer is yes, provided that you subscribe to a world view that I no longer have any use for. 
Ann is likely referring to work, but I’ve got a sinking feeling that going to the office is a bad idea for the moment. Work offers layoffs, cutthroats, a botched liaison and the crushing pursuit of the daily nothing. I’ve been going there for years, and I can safely say that every day is worse than the last. That’s a truism most of us face, but when your last day almost ended in a fiery apocalypse, it’s probably not a good idea to push it, I reason. Not that I bothered to call in sick, beaten, or charred. They wouldn’t believe my story, I suppose, and for some reason the idea of a white lie seems like the straw that could break the camel’s back at this point. I have exceeded my bullshit threshold, and I can’t bear the thought of manufacturing an excuse about why I’m unable to come in to the office to fabricate nonsense.  
Then there’s my apartment. But I’m not really sure where that stands. Everything I own has been incinerated and I’m not sure what the protocol is for this sort of thing. I don’t have insurance and my lease went month-to-month a year ago. My apartment was simply a space that housed my shit and me. Now it’s gone. I’m not sure if there’s anything I can, or want, to do on that front. I think about it for a minute and realize that there’s really nothing I will miss aside from some Dodgers memorabilia. Maybe some of my clothes. Maybe. 
There is no playbook for nothingness, no best practices or sage-like advice. I resolve to make up the rules as I go along, and for now the first rule is to ignore the obvious because there’s nothing that can be done about it. 
I light the pipe, inhale deeply, and consider my third problem. The murder rap, I reason, is the only thing that matters. Boyd is a heat-seeking missile and I am the only hot spot in a cold city. I don’t put much stock in Ferrell, my flatulent and disinterested attorney. The mention of him only seems to incite Boyd, but ditching him now wouldn’t do me much good. Besides, he’s been paid for by Zeiger. Not that I seem to be getting much value for Zeiger’s money. I may not have mattered much to The Girl Who Got Away, but Boyd is bent on making certain that I mean something to her now that she’s dead, even if it’s as her killer.
So, I conclude, as I exhale, that I have nothing to do. Nothing to do but wait. Boyd intends to put me behind bars. There is no getting around that. And that fact makes everything else meaningless. There is nothing to do and nowhere to go. I take another hit and contemplate the end of the line. I sink back into the couch, letting the soft cushions envelop me, and I try to calculate the odds of it all coming to an end in Mar Vista. The math is too depressing, and so I decide to raid the kitchen. It takes me between ten minutes and an hour to break free from the clutches of the couch.
***
After an hour of smoking and kicking around Zeiger and Ann’s house, eating and listening to music, I come to a few conclusions:
First, Organic cheese puffs are terrible, even if you’re stoned.
Second, All Oasis songs worth listening to kind of sound like the same, depressing song. This is not nearly as upsetting as it would seem. In fact, one has to admire their ability to churn out different, familiar music tune after tune.
Third, Giving up is easier than I thought it would be. Maybe I was born to quit. 
***
The organic cheese puffs aren’t satisfying, even when you dip them in organic hummus with cilantro and roasted red peppers. Oasis has grown tiresome, which I suppose, was entirely predictable. Thinking about The Girl Who Got Away seems irrelevant, and she blends into a hundred other women like Inside Girl and Fuckable Coworker, who swish about inside the pornographic soup of my mind. They are a collage of tits and asses; dirty desires and half-formed thoughts; rippling flesh and vaguely familiar smells; still-frame moments of lust and sweaty consequences. They were there once, and now they’re gone. Memories of them—frozen snapshots in my mind—are the leftovers of failed notions. The women don’t matter anymore and they don’t mean anything, either.  
I strap on my shoes, straighten up the clothes Ann gave me last night, and walk to the door, ready for whatever comes next, but altogether indifferent to the outcome. 
Fuck it. That’s my new mantra.
I have become nothing and it feels like nothing, which is as good as it gets. 
***
The day is bright and the sun immediately tortures my skin, but I decide to press out into the city, reasoning that there has to be a decent place to eat somewhere on the Westside. 
I walk to the edge of the lawn, inhale and quickly spot a dark blue Crown Victoria. The officer is easy to make, but he isn’t Boyd. Perhaps the fire’s aftermath has him filling out mountains of dreaded paper work. Or, perhaps I’m now small potatoes, no longer worthy of a bona fide, bad-ass detective. Or, maybe Boyd is around the corner, wolfing down free food at a neighborhood joint he knows, still hot on my trail in between snacking opportunities.  
None of this would surprise me. But none of it concerns me. 
I wave to the officer in the Crown Victoria to let him know I see him. He doesn’t wave back and I interpret his lack of manners as sheer professionalism in the face of what he must believe to be a worthless assignment—watching me.
 I scan the street and find two elderly women in track suits, out for an afternoon walk. They notice me, and I can tell from their stares that I’m not welcome. But the sight of me—a bandage across my forehead, bruises on my face, skin turned a reddish hue and old, ill-fitting clothes—is enough to signal to these women that they should keep their distance.
I walk quickly out of the cul-de-sac, toward the nearest major street. Somewhere around here must have decent tacos, I reason. This is, after all, Los Angeles, even if it is the Westside where the city comes to die a quiet, biodegradable death.
I am in the land of vanilla. The streets are clean, the houses are neat and the dream of California is alive and stale, seamlessly preserved for those lucky enough to have made it this far. It’s a one-dimensional paradise, where stakeholders and those who would be stakeholders lay claim to the idea that Los Angeles embodies perfection. And there are two kinds of people who live here. There are those who know better, but prefer lifestyle over substance. These are my friends, Zeiger and Ann, who fought the good fight in Hollywood until it was time to ask what was in it for them. And then there are those, like the two women eyeing me as I leave the sanctuary of their cul-de-sac, who believe their own bullshit. This is their Los Angeles. Murderers and taco vendors; dead social workers and hipsters; dope-dealing Brazilians and mentally unstable fuck buddies; gruff lawyers and dirty cops don’t exist in their world. These are the characters you see on the local news. These are the modern minstrels, waiting outside the gate, waiting for their moment to entertain, amuse or disgust. 
Out here, I am a stranger in my own city, a traveler in a land I cannot comprehend. I am armed only with my wits, a powerful marijuana-high and the comfort of nothingness. As I walk, I am at peace with the inevitable. At peace, and very hungry. 


Nobody Walks in L.A.


They say the place to go for tacos around here is Tito’s, a Westside institution, on Washington Boulevard. 
They are two blonde surfer-type kids who punctuate their sentences with meaningless words and phrases like no way; bro; for sure; and toast, the later giving way to inexplicable variations like toasty, toasted, tostada and tee-yost.
They have names, I’m sure. But I haven’t bothered to ask what those names might be because I couldn’t care less. For clarity, I elected to nickname the pudgy one Bean and the gangly one Tree even before I stopped to ask them where a man could get a decent taco on the Westside.
I had spotted them fifteen minutes into my walk. They were perfecting their assault on a brick wall, taking turns trying to run up the vertical red mass in a series of defiant leaps. Each attempt brought the promise of success, a new height, an exclamation from the Earth-bound spectator (usually “Oh shit, bro, you’re tostada!”), and a subsequent—and often painful—fall to the unforgiving concrete. 
Unlike everyone else in West LA, Bean and Tree appear to have nothing better to do than to hurl their bodies against the wall. 
***
“Tito’s is tostada,” Bean keeps saying, as we weave in an out of the mid-day, Westside traffic. 
“Tostada,” he repeats, to which Tree, the driver of our beat-up, blue Chevy Impala replies, “Bro,” each time saying the word with increasing enthusiasm. 
Tostada…
Bro…
Tostada…
BRO…
Tostada…
BBBRRROOO…
It’s an endless stream of blissful nonsense. It means nothing and it doesn’t matter. 
It is perfect. 
They are perfect. 
We are perfect.
We pass a joint around the car, preparing ourselves for the tacos, numbing ourselves with the pungent smoke, salting our appetites with the unmistakable herb. 
The radio blares out a Red Hot Chili Peppers song, and that fact officially makes us a cliché—three stoned Californians cruising for tacos on a bright, sunny day—because only Golden State natives can listen to Anthony Kiedis without getting bogged down in the desperation of life lived at the edge of the Pacific—the end of the road. 
It’s the edge of the world and all of Western Civilization…
The sun may rise in the East…
At least it settles in the final location…
It’s understood that Hollywood sells Californication…
Tree navigates the traffic with expert timing, passing slower cars between tokes. Bean rocks and bobs in the passenger seat, letting the music and the motion of the car dictate his quiet rhythm. He rolls one joint and then another, each one paper-thin and laced with just enough tobacco to keep the thing from turning to ash after a single hit.  
We pass nondescript strip malls. They are the same kind that litter the Valley, yet the residents of the Westside insist that their strip malls are superior because they aren’t strip malls at all. They are simply stores organized around a small, communal parking lot, they say. Or, maybe it’s the people who believe themselves to be superior. This is the edge of Los Angeles, the Western-most escape from the failed urban center that is Downtown. We are only a few miles from the cold, dirty streets of Hollywood, but we are a world away, and were it not for a shared name and a never-ending stretch of asphalt, the residents of each district would be hard-pressed to identify themselves as members of the same city. If the Westside and Hollywood have anything in common, it is that both take satisfaction from the fact that neither is the Valley, hot and choked with smog. Only the Valley takes the rap for Los Angeles’ strip malls, suburban sprawl and civic failings. But we are south of the Valley, south of the drudgery, west of failure, and still we are enveloped by a never-ending parade of strip malls. We are in the heart of the lie, as far from the city’s obvious short-comings as physically possible, and yet we are nowhere, suspended in the sun and the palm trees, kissed by the ocean’s sweet breeze. Still Los Angeles, still lost.
Destruction leads to a very rough road…
 But it also breeds creation…
This is where Angelenos come when they can’t find the dream anywhere else, when all stones have been turned and each has been found wanting. This is where they draw a line in the desert, marking off their territory with palm trees and the promise of the dying ocean—too toxic to swim in, too dark to see the bottom. This is where Angelenos insist they’ve found Nirvana, even though there’s nothing better to do than smoke dope, crash into a wall and consume plastic tacos. 
And tidal waves couldn't save the world from Californication…


I’m Hungry, Let’s Get A Taco


I stare at three hard-shell tacos, overflowing with orange cheese. I am starving, but I cannot eat. This is not a taco. At best, this is a consumerist variation on the taco, a Mexican-style monstrosity from a kit your mom would’ve found in the ethnic food aisle of your local supermarket: Los Angeles in a foil packet, ready to be boxed up and shipped to a grocery store near you.  
Cook meat, add seasoning, serve.
People talk about Tito’s like it’s God’s gift to Los Angeles. The place has a devoted following in the city. But looking at their tacos, Tito’s seems like the kind of place that force feeds its patrons marketing-laced gallons of Kool Aid from Jim Jones’ personal recipe. Tito’s, it seems, is proof that you can piss on someone’s head and convince them it’s raining, if your ad agency is worth its monthly retainer. 
Tree and Bean swallow their tacos in ravenous bites, scraps of neon-orange cheese dangling from their lips, shards of crispy taco shells flying in all directions. I pity Tree and Bean. In a city defined by the ubiquity of its taco stands, they live in what can only be described as a wasteland. 
“These are the best tacos in the area?” I ask, unable and unwilling to contain my incredulity. 
“Best tacos in Los Angeles, bro,” Tree says.
“Tito’s is toasty,” Bean adds.
“These aren’t tacos,” I say.
“Tito’s is tacos, bro,” Tree says, his voice stern and slightly defensive.
“And Tito’s is tostado, bro,” Bean says, apparently using the Southern California-style Mexican salad as a complimentary adjective.
Tree finishes his first taco, takes a swig of root beer and belches out the word “tee-yost.”
They both exchange senseless chuckles and then look back at me. But I don’t budge, refusing to eat.
“You got to try it, Bro,” Tree says.
“I think I’ll pass.”
“Pass?” Tree says.
“Paso Robles,” Bean says, reaching for one of my tacos.
I grab his hand, intercepting his attempt at thievery. 
“What the fuck, bro?” Tree says on behalf of his half-witted compatriot.
I look Bean in the eyes, his wrist trapped in the reddish vice grip of my hand. He is an inch away from the taco, but I will not relent, and his eyes indicate that he has no ambition to challenge me. 
“Bro, I just want a taco, if you’re not going to eat yours…” Bean says.
“These aren’t tacos,” I say, slapping his hand down on the faux-wood table. “I’m doing you a favor.”
“What the fuck are they then?” Bean asks.
“Beats the fuck out of me, boys,” I say. “But these aren’t tacos, so don’t call them that.”
“Meat, cheese, shell,” Tree says. “That’s a taco, a motherfucking-mouthwatering-taco.”
“Look, I’m not going to get into a debate with you assholes, but these aren’t fucking tacos, not even close,” I say. “Whoever runs this place ought to be ashamed of themselves. You can’t call these tacos, not in this town. No way.”
“Sign says tacos, they’re tacos, bro,” Bean says. 
“So if the sign said hamburgers, they’d be hamburgers?” I ask.
Tree and Bean meditate on this. They refrain from masticating as they ponder the answer to the question any true Los Angeleno should know: What is a taco?
Tree burps and Bean studies the brown-red grease that dampens the white paper napkins he’s laid out on the table. They are stumped, and so they call for help.
“Hey Tito, this dude says you aren’t serving tacos,” Tree yells in the general direction of the kitchen while pointing a finger at me so as to identify the blasphemous culprit. “He says these tacos don’t belong inside the city limits.”
There’s a small crowd, and Tree’s announcement stuns them. Like a bar full of drunks in a Western movie, they stop almost on cue at the mention of these fighting words. It’s as if I’ve announced my plans to slash their tires, raid their 401(k)s, and butcher their families.   
 Actually, it’s worse than all that, and as Tito, a portly Mexican man, makes his way out from behind the counter, I see that there is going to be trouble. Tree’s explanation of my position was all it took to whip this peaceful gathering of Westside diners into a vicious mob, capable of random acts of violence perpetrated against those who would dare question their capacity for consumption and their credentials as bona fide Los Angeles transplants. You can inflict a lot of harm on a person, but if you call shenanigans on a lie that defines them, you better be prepared for war.
“What’s wrong with my tacos, amigo?” Tito asks, saying amigo in the gruff way that subverts the amicable meaning of the word. He’s a walking, talking cliché, like a portly Mexican villain who stepped off of Paramount’s back lot in the ‘50s when they stopped making B-movie Westerns. And with the few dollars he had saved up dying three times a day, he opened a taco stand serving cuisine as hollow as the facades the art department couldn’t be bothered to tear down when the picture was over.  
I study Tito, his bronzed rolls of fat wrapped in white pants, t-shirt and apron, each stained with grease from some mystery meat and store-bought seasoning. His body is squat by design, powerful by nature, and tense under the circumstances. It would seem that my observation is the showdown of the day or perhaps the week. 
“Nothing,” I say. 
Tito relaxes a little.
“There’s nothing wrong with them, but they’re not tacos.”
A few members of the crowd hiss, and one woman is actually bold enough to tell Tito to kick my ass, as if a physical beating will somehow justify her poor choice in civic cuisine. 
“Not tacos?” Tito asks. “Amigo, the place is called Tito’s Tacos since 1959. I am Tito and these are tacos.”
“Well, you’re wrong,” I say.
The crowd gathers closer. The woman who demanded my beating restates her case.
“Punch his fucking red face in!”
“So, you don’t like them, red man?” Tito asks.
“I’m not even going to try them,” I say. “I want tacos, but apparently you can’t get them on the Westside.”
These are not easy words to swallow, and the cult of Tito’s does not appreciate my assessment of the situation, but I continue.
“This is a pitiful imitation of a taco,” I say, holding up Tito’s hard-shell pretender. “You people ought to be ashamed of yourselves, eating this cookie-cutter junk in a great taco town like Los Angeles. Ground beef? Orange cheese? What is this shit? Don’t you people have any respect for yourselves? Don’t you have any civic pride?”
My answer is a fist to the jaw that knocks me out of my seat and onto the cold floor. Before I can stand, feet dance on my body, and the trauma of contact on my burnt skin quickly yields to the blunt force of each assault. The crowd stomps and spits, knowing that if they can erase me from this place, they will once again be able to cling to their dream of Mexican food without a trace of Mexicans—it’s the California that can only exist in Hollywood and the collective desires of those who move here seeking to fashion reality into permanent fiction. That is the dream, and I am a rusty bucket filled with cold water and incongruous notions of a city only natives—the most endangered species in town—can see. 
It’s not just about unpopular ideas and an outdated adherence to a vanishing city, I realize as I taste blood in my mouth; it’s about stomping out the past, cutting ties with history so viciously that what comes next is so wholly organic as to defy the notion of a predecessor. This is a historic beating, one that will crystallize Los Angeles, the city of Now, and forever obliterate any memory of what came Before. And I am outnumbered, a relic gasping for dirty air, sucking it down one last time before someone else can kick me aside like an empty aluminum can. The fight is over; I just haven’t lost yet.    
I can hear Tree and Bean giving the stoner play-by-play, which is entirely devoid of verbs and at least two actions behind every brutal kick. Their commentary is anything but artful, entirely without meaning, and yet so impossibly myopic that it is the only thing that matters. Disjointed and delayed words uttered by fools tell the story. Superficial is winning. If enough people will it, a steaming pile of shit or the Pacific Ocean can be called a taco, and the bastards will fight anyone who says anything different—public relations delivered by fists of willful ignorance.  
I close my eyes, certain that the end will come soon. I tell myself that the pain isn’t so bad, and I almost believe my own lie.
I wait and I writhe on the ground, my hands covering my eyes not out of protection but because I can’t stand to look. The soles of angry shoes are ugly things indeed.  
And then I hear a gunshot.


Here Comes The Cavalry


When confronting a Los Angeles mob, the best tool is a gun. It’s the only thing the Los Angeles collective can understand. And it’s how Boyd managed to bring a premature end to the beating of my lifetime.
He fired one shot in the air and then holstered his weapon. Through streaks of blood, I could see that the look on his face was enough to convince anyone there at Tito’s that he was prepared, and quite willing, to snuff out those who failed to heed his warning. Everyone in the crowd sensed it too, even Tree and Bean, who were so stunned by the sight of a firearm that they failed to say anything at all.  
***
“You’ve got a real knack for pissing people off, Ethan. It’s like a gift,” Boyd says as he drives me to a nearby emergency room. “What was it this time?”
“What do you mean, this time?” I ask, trying to hold my bloody face together.
“Kid, you’ve left a trail of death, violence and destruction in your wake. You want me to do the list? Two bodies in the Valley, a fistfight at Sam’s on Larchmont, our little scuffle at Brent’s, an explosion in Hollywood and now a small riot in West LA. And that’s just the shit I know about—from this week! You keep up like this and the mayor is going to have to declare you a walking disaster area. So cut the crap, fucknuts, and tell me why a dozen citizens were stomping the hell out of you. Did you off somebody else? Did you kill another ex-girlfriend? Do I have a taco-eating serial killer on my hands? The press will love that.”
“I’m not a killer, I keep telling you that.”
“Then why were they kicking you around like a soccer ball? Shit, I thought Tito was going to rip off his shirt and yell, ‘Gooooooooal!’”
“You wouldn’t understand,” I say. “Besides, it doesn’t matter.”
“When it’s your ass on the line, it always matters, chucklehead.”
“You ever get the feeling that you’ve lost, Boyd?”
Boyd thinks on this for a minute.
“I don’t lose,” he says with a quiet determination that I believe.
“That’s not what I mean,” I say, trying to explain with greater detail. “I mean do you ever feel like everything that matters to you, the people, the places, the sights, the smells, the sounds, the feel of it all just isn’t what it used to be? That you’re clinging to a ghost in this town? That it’s all just fading into oblivion and you’re powerless to do anything about it? And worst of all, you’re not even sure if any of it, the things that mattered so much to you, really amounted to anything at all now that they’re all but gone. Do you ever feel like that?”
“No.”
“Wow, thanks for really giving it some thought,” I say sarcastically. 
“I don’t feel that way, Ethan,” Boyd says. “I don’t even know what the fuck you’re talking about. Right now, I’m looking at a guy who’s a prisoner of his own head. You’re like an ostrich. If you pulled your head out of your ass, you’d see that you don’t have a fucking clue because everything you call reality is really just your own warped mind telling you a big, fat lie. So, for the last time, tell me what happened back there at Tito’s.”
Boyd turns into the St. Johns’ hospital parking lot, locates a space reserved for police business and brings the car to rest.
“I told Tito his tacos were dog shit,” I say as Boyd switches off the ignition.
I can’t tell if his surprise comes from my answer or the fact that I’ve answered at all.
“You what?”
“I called him out for serving crap tacos, okay? The man is a menace.”
Boyd chuckles. He chuckles hard, building to a full-blown belly laugh. The humor consumes him. I never knew a cop could laugh like that. His face puffs wide, tears drips from his eyes as he gasps for air between fits of laughter.
“This is funny to you?” I ask.
But the only response I get is more laughter. On occasion, Boyd pounds the rim of his steering wheel. He is absolutely delighted. Downright giddy. Delirious. 
Apparently, this is cathartic for Boyd. 
He continues for ten minutes. There are peaks and valleys, but the laughter never fully goes away. At times, he utters one word over and over again between low-level giggles: tacos. The word is a rallying cry, and the more he says it, the more he builds to the next uproarious crescendo. 
Tacos.
And then there’s silence.
I look over at Boyd, removing the police blanket from my head. He looks like a man who has just had one thousand orgasms. He is born again, so to speak. 
“Jesus, you’re a mess,” he says, looking at my face. “Let’s get you fixed up, chuckles.”
He unlocks the door, and once again I hear him utter the word tacos with a slight hint of joy. 
Tacos is the funniest joke in the world, at least according to Boyd and his twisted sense of humor.
***
A medical student of indeterminate nationality who looks all of thirteen cleans and bandages my wounds. There are no broken bones, the toy doctor tells me, adding that my “sun burn” should start to peel in a day or two. Boyd says I should be relieved, but I’m not. 
The medical student offers me a painkiller, but Boyd tells him that it’s not necessary.
“He’s already numb,” Boyd says.
The medical student doesn’t get it and he again directs the question to me, but Boyd pulls rank.
“What year are you in, doc?” Boyd asks.
“I’m a fourth-year.”
“How long you have been on the ER rotation?”
“Three weeks?”
“Is this your specialty?”
“No. I want to be a plastic surgeon.”
“Good man. Now, finish cleaning him up, and get the attending to check your work because I don’t want him bleeding all over my car. I just got it washed.”
We leave the hospital in darkness. I am clean and bandaged. Not a milligram of painkiller runs through my veins, something I chalk up to medical indifference more than police intimidation. And as I hobble along toward the parking lot, trying to keep pace with Boyd, the throbbing pain reminds me that it’s not over yet. Not by a long shot.
We reach the car.
“You’re staying with your pal?” Boyd asks.
“Yeah, unless they rebuilt my apartment,” I say.
Boyd unlocks the door and we both get in.
“Tacos?” Boyd says, for the first time using the word without laughing.
“Yeah.”
“You got beat up over a damn taco?”
“Yeah.”
“That doesn’t strike you as stupid?”
“No.”
“Head up your ass,” Boyd grumbles. “Head up your ass, chuckles.”
“You ever eaten at Tito’s?” I ask.
“Once.”
“And?”
“Worst taco I’ve ever had,” Boyd says. “Worse than that shit they sell at Taco Bell or Del Taco. Really nasty stuff. I crapped out half my colon. The man is a menace.”
“Didn’t you do something?”
“Yeah, I vowed never to eat at that shithole again,” Boyd says.
“That’s it?”
“Yeah, that’s it. What, you think I should’ve shut the place down or something?”
“At least. That guy is an insult to this city,” I say.
“Oh, I see. Maybe I should’ve hauled him in on some trumped up charges. Or better still, put him on ice and dumped his body in the Mojave. Would you have liked that?”
“There’s an idea,” I say. “Turn around. Let’s do this.”
And with that, Boyd makes a hard right onto an unnamed side street.
He drives like a man possessed—hard and determined, nothing will get in his way.
“Where are we going?” I ask.
Boyd says nothing.
“Are you taking me back to Zeiger and Ann’s?”
Boyd accelerates, weaving in and out of the side streets that define the border between West Los Angeles and Santa Monica. Traffic means nothing to him, and the other cars on the road might as well be little orange cones on a police training course. If the other drivers honk, we’re past them before we can hear a thing.
We should be heading south for Zeiger and Ann’s house. But instead Boyd is pointing north, crisscrossing side streets in his hunt for the 405.
We get on the freeway near Santa Monica Boulevard. The on-ramp is next to a seedy strip club and a warehouse for a local sporting goods store.
“We’re going north,” I say.
“Nothing gets by you.”
“Traffic is going to be awful,” I say. “They call it ‘the 405 parking lot’ for a reason, you know.”
Boyd puts on his lights and floors the gas. As we race up the ramp he says, “I’m not worried, champ.”
When we hit the freeway, Boyd turns the wheel hard to the left, sending the car across five lanes of murderous Los Angeles traffic. Cars bend to Boyd’s will—corridors of steel and plastic rip wide open as we cut through the traffic like a marauding angel out for justice. 
Horns blare and bright lights tell us we’re in the wrong, but Boyd couldn’t care less. 
We pass Wilshire and Sunset in the blink of an eye. I’ve never made such good time to the Valley, not even at night. 
We push straight into the Sepulveda pass—the main artery that connects the Valley to the city, the choke point of Los Angeles.
As we pass the Getty Museum, I once again inquire about our destination and this time Boyd gives me a cryptic answer.
“Tacos,” he says with the trace of a giggle. 
We reach the crest of the 405 and Boyd is forced to slow down, lights or not, because if you lose it on this hill, there’s no saving you. As usual, we are stuck at the top of the hill, looking down on the Valley, mesmerized by the hazy lights and suburban sprawl, which stretches as far as the eye can see.
It’s slow going, but Boyd makes a series of methodical cuts to his right, and I realize that he’s now heading for the 101.
“East or west?” I ask.
Near the Sherman Oaks Galleria, the Valley’s monument to Los Angele’s non-stop shopping culture that hugs the freeway, Boyd makes the call.
“East,” he says, shooting the car through a narrow gap in traffic.
We hug the tight curve, transitioning to the eastbound 101, quickly emerging from one of the world’s most heavily trafficked freeway interchanges.
If we continue in this direction, we’ll hit downtown in 20 minutes, according to the electronic freeway sign that updates motorists on traffic conditions and abducted children. But when I see the sign for Van Nuys Boulevard, I know we aren’t going that far.
Boyd takes the exit I’ve been dreading.
“Time to get the real story,” he says. 


Deus Ex Carnitas


Boyd insists on paying because these will be my last tacos, he says. 
I order the pork carnitas, but despite my hunger, my mouth isn’t exactly watering. For one thing, the idea of my last anything is troubling when you actually hear someone say it, even for a guy who thinks he’s come to terms with the end of things. But more importantly, Boyd seems bent on making certain that I understand the magnitude of our little taco run, and his demeanor is enough to curb my appetite. 
“Technically, I’m not supposed to do this,” he said before we got out of the car. “But since I ate all of your food, and since we’re both from Los Angeles, I figured I’d do you a solid and let you have one last, decent taco. Meeting a native is rare. But if you run… if you so much as think about running, I’ll empty this clip into your spine. And I’ll be sure to miss all your vital organs just so you go to the pen as a gimp. You don’t want that. You know what they do to gimps in the joint, right? They’ll fuck your mouth so hard, the cum will clog up your colostomy bag. So, don’t pull any shit in there. Got it, chucklehead?”
I signaled my agreement by remaining deadly silent.
Inside, the cashier asks me if I want a drink, and I tell her that I’ll have a large Diet Coke.
“He’ll have a beer,” Boyd interjects. And then he says to me, “You don’t want to go out like that. Be a man.” 
“Beer,” I say.
“What kind?” the cashier asks.
“Negro Modelo,” I say.
“There may be hope for you after all,” Boyd says. “Too bad you had to go and fuck it all up by killing your ex-girlfriend and her lover.”
The cashier doesn’t bat an eye at the mention of a double murder as she hands us our beers and a receipt with our order number on it. 
We collect our beers, a basket of chips, and an assortment of red and green salsas. Boyd finds a slightly dirty table by the window and we take our seats near a fat woman who reads one of the Harry Potter books while she nibbles on a plate of enchiladas. Across from her are three teenagers gorging on nachos after their Little League game.
“I think they won,” Boyd says through a mouthful of chips.
I look at the boys, each one tanned from shagging flies in the San Fernando Valley sun. They wear Little League versions of the San Francisco Giants baseball team, and but for the fact that they actually use their stirrups, the clothes are an exact replica.
“So much for hometown pride,” Boyd says.
“We never came to La Fogata if we won,” I say.
“No, why not?”
“Pizza is for winners,” I say, echoing the over-used war cry of my own Little League coach. “Mexican food is what you eat when you lose.”
“Did you eat a lot of Mexican food when you played Little League?”
“More pizza than tacos,” I say.
“How about now?”
“I can’t remember the last time I had a pizza.”
“So why this place?” Boyd asks. “What’s so special about this place?”
“It’s right next to the park,” I say. “If we won, the team went to the Straw Hut Pizza on Moorpark—I think it’s a Korean joint now. But if we lost, Mom just took me here because it was close.”
The cashier calls our number and Boyd rises to retrieve our food. “That’s not what I meant. Why do you fight traffic and haul your ass all the way to the Valley for these tacos?” Boyd asks as he heads for the counter.
This is a good question, one that I don’t really know the answer to. I suppose this place just feels right, if only because every other taco joint in the city feels wrong. I study the ball players. They have their whole lives in front of them, but I wonder if they know that they’ll always cherish this moment? For them, life is as simple as a plate full of nachos and baseball practice after school. Complications include dividing the check three ways, figuring out how to hit left-handed pitching, and deciding which girl is the hottest in their class. Everything that means something in their world matters—the two concepts are identical, and I envy them for that.
“Tacos are up,” Boyd says as he sits down, breaking my train of thought.
Boyd spoons some spicy salsa onto his taco and raises the food to his mouth.
“Snap out of it, chuckles,” he says before taking a bite. “Tacos are here.”
I blink and look down at my plate. 
This is it. These are my last tacos. It’s prison gruel and my cellmate’s cock from here on out, according to Boyd.
“Oh yeah,” Boyd says as he chews. “That’s the good stuff.”
I look up to see Boyd licking the pork juices from his fingers.
“That’s a motherfucking taco,” Boyd says, washing the food down with a swig of beer. “Not like that cardboard shit those imposters at Tito’s sling.”
“I can’t eat,” I say.
“No?”
“No.”
“She’s dead and buried now, Ethan. She’s worm food and he’s the same. Next week you’ll be begging your cellmate to be gentle and use a rubber, and a billion years from now our bones will be oil, so now’s not the time to stand on ceremony or something.”
“Ceremony?”
“Yeah, ceremony,” Boyd says. “If you’re not eating because of her, let me just tell you that it doesn’t matter. It won’t change anything, and when you’re locked in an eight-by-eight cell with a murderous scumbag, you’ll want this memory to hold on to. This is one of life’s sweet moments; you’re just too oblivious to realize it. So take a bite, you’ll feel better.”
“Since when do you care how I feel?”
“Since we picked up her killer this morning,” Boyd says. 
My head spins, and my face says, Could you repeat that?
“We caught the fucker, and he’s not you,” Boyd says by way of repetition. “Turns out the guy who did her was living in your building, though. He built a shrine to her—complete with panties and about a thousand photos; he’s a bona fide class-A pervert. Dirty enough for me to get my name in the papers. Maybe I’ll even make Captain off this one. That would be nice. Build the wife a pool and get an occasional BJ. Of course, the shrine got nuked in the fire, so we won’t have the art the press is hungry for, but the forensics guys were able to reconstruct it with enough certainty to put the fucker in the gas chamber after his lawyer gets done with a decade of appeals. I just wish we had her DNA. That would be a slam-dunk. Juries love that DNA shit ever since CSI. Maybe I can get a consulting gig, though. That wouldn’t be so bad. Craft services and hot actress-types. It’s gonna be the shit when I get done with all this fucking paperwork.”
The spinning continues, and I can barely process Boyd’s rapid-fire explanation. I hadn’t imagined that a reversal of fortune was possible, and Boyd’s words have certainly turned my world upside down.
“What?” I ask, struggling to form a coherent sentence.
Boyd speaks to me like I’m half-deaf and totally retarded.
“We caught the guy,” he says. “He was your neighbor.”
“The creepy guy?”
“Yeah. Well, I don’t know which creepy guy you mean,” Boyd says. “That’s kind of a vague description for Hollywood. But if by creepy you mean the Casper-the-Ghost-looking-motherfucker who always carries around a briefcase, then yes, that’s the guy. He set the fire, too. He thought I was staking him out from your apartment. So he got nervous and torched the place. Dumb luck. There we were watching you, and we just stumbled across this murderous motherfucker. I mean he had been at it for years. Probably never would’ve caught him if we hadn’t been watching you. Not that we’ll tell the news boys that story; doesn’t make us look very good, you know?”
“But you just said I’d be in prison within the week?”
“I was fucking with you,” Boyd says, finishing one taco and starting the next.
“What? Why?”
“It was fun,” Boyd says with a chuckle. “Better than cable, anyway. My job is pretty boring, you know. Lots of waiting around.” 
“This whole thing was you fucking with me all along?”
“No, of course not,” Boyd says. “I’ve got better things to do with my time than to dick with you for a whole week. The world does not revolve around you, numb nuts. We found out this morning. I went to your friends’ house to tell you, but you were gone. So, I called in to the station, and the officer I had tailing you said you were at Tito’s. I was going to tell you then, but they were going Rodney King on your ass, so I got you out of there and got you patched up. You’re welcome, by the way.”
“Ok, but…”
Boyd lets out a monstrous belch that draws the praise of the ballplayers sitting near us.
“Fellas, show some respect, will you? This is Dodger’s country.”
One of the boys starts to explain, but Boyd waves him off, freezing the enemy out with a cold shoulder.
“I felt bad about breaking into your apartment. I felt bad about eating your food. And I felt bad about fucking up your game with the blonde. That wasn’t cool. I should have let you hit that sweet ass. But hey, I thought you were a murderer and I was doing her a favor. We do make mistakes, you know.”
“Just like that?”
“Yeah, just like that. That’s why I’m buying you a taco. We aren’t perfect, we’re the LAPD.”
“That’s the fucking understatement of the year,” I say. “Since this whole mess started I’ve been beaten up, burned and nearly killed, and all the while you’ve been there with a joke and the appetite of a whale.”
“Technically, whales don’t eat that much. Mostly they just suck in plankton. I watch a lot of Discovery Channel. But that’s besides the point.”
“So, what is the point, Mr. Discovery Channel?”
“Hey, fart-knocker, leave the name calling to me. The point is that you are no longer a suspect in this case,” Boyd says. “I was planning to let you have the pleasure of savoring those tacos because a lot of people don’t have the privilege of knowing what they’ve got until it’s gone.”
“Who are you, Joan fucking Baez all of a sudden?” 
“I think you mean Joni Mitchell,” Boyd says by way of correction.
“Whatever. That doesn’t explain any of this, least of all your behavior. I ought to file a complaint with the city just to make you do the paperwork.”
“Now, that was mean,” Boyd says. “Look, it’s not like any of this is intentional, not really. I liked you as the suspect. It was basic police work. You’ve got a dead girl and a dead guy who were last seen with the ex, you follow the ex, right? I liked you right up until we caught the other guy. But if I had known that he was some kind of freak who killed her because he was obsessed with Faye Dunaway…”
“Faye Dunaway?”
“Yeah, he said she looked like Faye Dunaway in Chinatown,” Boyd says. “He wouldn’t shut up about that movie.”
“More like Three Days of The Condor,” I say, correcting him.
“Whatever. The point is he was just a weird-ass serial killer, and he happened to be your neighbor.”
“He killed her because she looked like Faye Dunaway?”
“Ethan, the guy was obsessed. He was one of those guys who was living in the past, I guess. He was stuck in the ‘70s. He told us that he killed the girl because she looked like Faye Dunaway and he did the guy because he reminded him of Gabe Kaplan, you know, the dude from Welcome Back, Kotter?”
“That’s a thing? That was his thing? That doesn’t even make any sense!”
“It’s a weird world, home fries, deal with it,” Boyd says, as if the explanation were obvious. “The Son of Sam took orders from a dog; The Night Stalker was obsessed with AC/DC; and Manson thought The Valley was a good place to hunker down in the event of an apocalypse. They’re demented fucks, Ethan. Your guy was a class-A sick fuck. He’d just sit around in that apartment all day, watching old TV from the ‘70s on YouTube. I don’t know who has time to put all that shit up there, but it got this sick motherfucker stuck in some kind of a time warp. He killed a girl in Venice who looked like Jodi Foster, and we’re looking into a claim that he shot a man in Barstow because he reminded him of Kris Kristofferson. Can you imagine that? You look like Kris Kristofferson, and someone blows your brains out!”
“He found her through me?”
“Sort of. He told us that he checked out your MySpace profile, something he did with all of his neighbors.”
“MySpace? I haven’t used that in years.”
“Yeah, well it’s still up there, and it’s great for stalkers. Anyway, he found you, saw her, fell in love, and the rest is history.”
“Just like that.”
“Well, we’re still getting the details. But basically, yes.”
“So the Internet killed her?”
“Well, that’s one way to look at it. I’d say a fucking psycho killed her. But I guess he found her because she was linked to you.”
 And you didn’t think to tell me all this right away?”
“Sure, I could have told you the truth right away, but I thought it would be fun to fuck with you a little bit, you know as friends, because I never get to do that, and to be honest, you’re my favorite suspect, Ethan. Besides, I thought you could use a big… I don’t know… exhale… You know, just let it all out. You think too much. You got to stop and smell the roses. I was trying to help. I thought one last taco would be cathartic or something. Besides, I kind of wanted to know what was so special about that girl. I love closure, man, that’s why I became a cop.”
“You wanted closure?” I say, letting the word cut through the air between us. 
“Yeah.”
“You wanted closure?” I repeat.
“Yes. Now, don’t leave me hanging, brother.”
“I’ll give you closure.”
“Thank you.”
I get up and walk to the door. Before I leave, I say, “The end, asshole.”


Friday
Epictetus After Midnight


I suppose I should be elated by the news that I am no longer wanted for murder, but I find little satisfaction knowing that my appointment for a lifetime of incarceration has been canceled. I have less to show for it than when the week began, and if this is lucky, I’m certain that I am incapable of coping with the alternative. The Girl Who Got Away is now officially gone, and I’m just a footnote in that story—a dead-end lead. What’s left is a pile of ashes on Melrose that used to my life, which, as far as I can tell, matters not a wit and means nothing at all. I’m not even a walking-talking conduit to a promotion for Boyd; at best I am a humorous anecdote—a week-long distraction from the grizzly business of policing Los Angeles, someone to share Dodgers stories with and mooch food from. I should be angry or upset. But when your meaningless life fails to matter, the notion of self-pity is utterly ridiculous.
My night passes slowly. An aimless search for a cab in the Valley yields fruit only when I spot a Pakistani driver making the most of closing time at the North Hollywood In-N-Out Burger. 
“This is what happens when you joke about fucking an ex in the ass,” I whisper to nobody. The reference evaporates in the evening air—a punch line without a home.
Motivated by fear or pity, the cabby agrees to drive me, provided that he can finish his meal. Time is not of the essence, and so I wait for him to choke down the city’s most overrated burger. 
It doesn’t take long.
The cabby belches and pats his belly, but stops short of licking his fingers clean, opting to sacrifice two-dozen napkins instead.  
We leave the Valley in silence.
Somewhere between the darkness of the night and the morning’s promise, I return to the only shelter I know. Zeiger answers the door and says, “I must die. Must I then die lamenting? I must be put in chains. Must I then also lament? I must go into exile. Does any man then hinder me from going with smiles and cheerfulness and contentment?”
He says this wearing nothing but faded blue Dodger’s boxers and a pair of pink bunny rabbit slippers. 
“It’s Epictetus,” he says through a yawn. “I thought it was appropriate, under the circumstances. We were worried about you.”
I point to the cab behind me. Zeiger obliges me, lifting his wallet off a small table and paying my fare without complaint. 
“It was all just one big nothing,” I say as we enter the house.
“I know. Ferrell called me this afternoon. You beat the rap. Or, maybe the rap beat you,” he says, examining the fresh bruises from today’s disastrous taco run.
Zeiger ushers me into the living room. Silently, I sink deep into the couch. The fabric is rough against my skin, but at least I can be certain that it is real.“Ferrell said the cops liked you, and now they don’t. Those were his words, ‘They liked you and now they don’t.’ Strange how not liking you can be such a good thing.”
“Do you like me?” I ask Zeiger as he takes a seat opposite me.
“Does it matter?”
“I don’t know.”
“Then why did you ask?”
“I don’t know.”
“It does matter, you know. People need people.”
“Barbra Streisand?” 
“Dead white males and Asian monks don’t have the monopoly on wisdom. Sometimes the kook on the street knows more about the meaning of life than a philosophy professor.”
“The last kook on the street I talked to was Melrose Larry Green.”
“Yeah, what did he have to say?”
“He said that Brazilian girls have the best asses.”
Zeiger thinks on this for a minute.
“Well, that’s probably true; they’re pretty hot. But that’s not my point.”
“Okay.”
“Do you know why I quoted Epictetus when you walked in?”
“You thought it sounded cool?”
“No. I’m teaching him to my 101 class right now and I can’t get him out of my head, actually.”
“So, it was just a random thought?”
“No. There are no random thoughts, not really. But that’s another conversation entirely. I mentioned Epictetus because he was a slave. Or, at least it’s likely that he was a slave—they’re still debating that point in certain academic circles. But in any case, he was a man on the very bottom of society and yet he was one of the most important Stoic philosophers ever.”
Zeiger coughs, expelling the phlegm that has collected in his throat through half the night’s sleep. 
“His philosophy influenced emperors,” Zeiger continues with a new clarity in his voice.
“Is this some kind of a pep talk? Am I supposed to be some sort of modern day stoic?”
“No. You’re nothing. Epictetus was a slave, a piece of meat—chattel. He mattered because he meant something to the people around him. He mattered both as a laborer and as a thinker. You exist only to smoke pot, fornicate, watch the Dodgers and chronicle, well, nothing. That’s the sum total of your life, and it basically nothing, for all intents and purposes.”
“You’re saying I need to do more with my life?”
“When the sum total of your life was on the line, you didn’t even put up a fight. You could’ve run to Mexico, hired your own damn lawyer or shot it out with that cop—Boyd.”
“But I didn’t kill her.”
“Exactly. That’s even more reason to fight like hell. If I was accused of a crime I didn’t commit, they’d have to put me in the ground before they could put me in jail. But you… you just obsessed over what it all meant and whether or not it mattered.”
“I thought the unexamined life wasn’t worth living. Aren’t those important questions?”
“Not when your ass is on the line! You think Epictetus gave a shit about philosophy when his master was whipping his ass?”
“I’m not a slave.”
“Oh yes you are. We’re all slaves. But you’re all opinion, no action; all lust, no cock. You rage quietly, but that’s all you do. You brood and you bitch to a shrinking confederation of compatriots. That’s why she left you. That’s what she meant when she said you weren’t that great—you’re not so great that you can just sit around and pontificate. Hell, even Socrates took a stand.”
“That got him killed!”
“But it was a good death,” Zeiger snaps. “A good death for a good life. You are all about nothing, but instead of filling the void, you embrace it. You wrap your arms around the nothingness of life so tight that all you can do is suck dead air.”
“The ocean spit me back out,” I hear myself say.
Zeiger examines my face, holding me in his long, studious gaze.  
“If you’re going to kill yourself, try harder next time.”
Zeiger gets up and walks toward the stairs.
“Where are you going?”
“To cuddle with Ann. We’re having a baby.”
“I didn’t know,” I say.
“That’s because you’re oblivious.”
Zeiger’s right, I shouldn’t be surprised. But somehow, I’m mildly disturbed—it’s the feeling you get when you come to the end of the road but you haven’t arrived at your destination. My friends have become breeders. People move to Mar Vista for a reason, and it’s not the nonexistent ocean view.
I never pegged Zeiger and Ann as the sort of people who would do something predictable, but the truth is that they’ve been on a steady march to normal since they decided to stop fucking other people and start eating organic eggs. With all his questions, I thought Zeiger might actually find a different answer. But I suppose I put too much faith in him. Or, maybe the answers he found were the only ones out there. 
“Can I stay here?” I ask.
“Would it matter to you if I said no?”
Zeiger doesn’t wait for an answer, and as he ascends stairs he says, “The ocean spit you back out because you don’t even matter to yourself.” 
I lie back on the couch and wait for the sun to come up. I should be tired, but I don’t sleep.  
When the clock strikes 7:27 a.m., I rise. I putter to the bathroom where I shit and hand-wash the essentials—balls and armpits. 
In the kitchen, I help myself to some free-trade coffee, a hunk of artisan bread with olives and a slice of soy cheese that tastes like plastic ambition.
I find Zeiger’s car keys, and trade them for a hasty note:
There is no try.
It’s 7:49 a.m. and I can hear Ann fumbling around upstairs. She is not a morning person. If I wait another thirty seconds, she will come downstairs. I’d rather not say goodbye or feign congratulations, so I make my exit, something I should have done when they moved to the Westside. 
***
The morning air is sweet with citrus and a hint of fantasy. It’s one of those perfect Los Angeles mornings, the kind that lures transplants from across the globe like a siren. People smell mornings like this—the air pungent with dreams, the sun warm and nurturing—and they forget about it all. Nothing can hold them back; the California dream kicks out of their gut and oozes from their pours as they suck in the golden marrow, high on whatever adventure strikes their fancy. Not that days like this are infrequent. They are as common as cheap narcotics and over-priced tanning salons. But frequency has nothing to do with it. Days like this seduce people in Los Angeles into searching for perfection, and when they don’t find it, they fabricate the dream and option the rights. That’s the thing to do—fabricate, find your postcard and fill in your story, mail it to nowhere and never look back. Life always looks better from the back of a postcard. 
I spot Zeiger’s car in the driveway, an aging silver BMW with faded leather seats and a nasty dent on the front bumper. You can’t see the dent in Ann’s Facebook photo with him, her, the Beamer and a caption that reads: “I heart luxury.” 
I know they won’t be needing this behemoth in a few months—the back is no place for a baby seat, so I ease myself into the postcard and start the ignition—fine German engineering, satisfactory American assembly, sub-standard Chinese parts. The car is a real peach, and as I join the city’s morning traffic, I find that my current wheels bring me a newfound level of respect from my fellow motorists. If you must brave the streets of Los Angeles without a badge or bong hits, the next best thing is a BMW.
A Ford driver yields, allowing me to make a tough left onto Sepulveda, and a Lexus lets me in ahead of him in what I take to be the last remaining accord between the Axis powers—the unspoken courtesy of car-crazy Los Angeles motorists, who yield to status and nothing less. 
The radio plays a song I can’t quite place:
Some days I feel like my shadow’s casting. Some days the sun don’t shine. Sometimes I wonder what tomorrow’s gonna bring… When I think about my dirty life and times. 
I’m on autopilot as I drive, and because it comes almost by instinct now, I find myself in Culver City, which is one of those parts of Los Angeles that could be any city USA. In the blink of an eye—and without a thought—I find myself in the parking lot of my office. For three years, I’ve dutifully reported to this nondescript office park that houses countless worker bees. Everyone in Los Angeles passes by places like my office on their way to the airport and beyond; nobody would be caught dead working there.
I unbuckle my seatbelt, step out of the postcard and walk toward my dead-end warehouse, intent on reading about the Dodger’s game from last night and doing some random Googling—killing time before I can undress Fuckable Coworker, before they toss me out on my fire-roasted ass for missing a single day, before I have to put my mind to inventing a new reason to exist. 
I press six on the elevator and listen to the Muzak version of Funky Town.
The door opens, and before I can put a single foot on my floor, I am confronted by the barrel of a gun.
For once, I am not surprised. 




Bad Copy


The long and the short of it is that I got the story wrong. At least, that’s what a vaguely familiar looking man who I can’t quite place says as he waves a gun alternatively at himself and at me in the Rubber Necker office.
“You ruined my life,” he yells. 
I am inclined to believe this vaguely familiar looking man because 1) getting stories wrong is par for the course for me and 2) he has a gun.
“You’re a worthless shit merchant!”
Shit merchant rings a familiar bell. “You’re the guy from the TiVo story, right?” 
“Is that all I am too you, a story?”
“Yes. What else would you be to me?”
This question stumps my would-be assailant. 
“Russ, right? Russell Bier?”
“Rusty.”
My mind wanders to the Chevy Chase Vacation franchise. What sort of man, under the age of thirty-five, would willingly accept the moniker Rusty after those movies? 
“Are we the only people here, Rusty?” 
This question knocks Rusty off his guard again. He is thin. Very thin, And he wears an intense expression on his face as well as a black designer t-shirt with the solitary word—human— printed in cursive gold lettering across his chest. Of course, there’s also that business of a gun—probably a Glock, I surmise from my lost weekend of chicken wings, California Skunk weed and a History Channel marathon devoted to firearms. But Rusty looks nothing like the sort of people you see on television with guns. He looks like, well, he looks sort of gay, but in a red state, defensive sort of way. And that makes me realize that if he is in fact gay, he’s certainly not out, and definitely not proud. And that conclusion explains why Rusty would be the sort of guy who gets bent out of shape over an Internet story everyone else forgot about the minute they closed their browser. 
“Look. If there’s someone else here, they’re going to call the police,” I say.
Rusty looks surprised. “Don’t you want them to call the police, shit merchant?” 
“No. I’ve had it with that crowd,” I say. 
“Huh?”
“Bunch of glory-seeking moochers and prying thugs. Forget it. It’s a long story. Listen Rusty, I’m not going to stop you from doing this. But first, can I please check the Dodger’s score, okay?”
I stroll over to my computer; Rusty follows.
I press two buttons and make a little small talk. “I don’t know why these damn things take so long to boot up.”
Rusty isn’t interested.
The computer’s fan hums and whirls in what seems like overdrive. Never a good sign.
“Shit. There are updates. There are always updates.”
“Skip ‘em.”
“No, it’ll crash the computer. This thing’s a piece of shit, Rusty.”
“Is that where you wrote that hatchet job story that ruined my life?” Rusty asks, pointing the gun at my desk.
“Restart? Why does it need to restart?”
“Do you even give a shit that you ruined my life?”
I press Restart and cycle the machine back through its cumbersome morning ritual, but this time the sound of the computer’s fan is punctuated by a loud pop.
“Are you listening to me?” Rusty asks, a smoking gun by his side.
“Look Rusty. I don’t care if you’re going to kill me. But I’ve heard enough bullshit this week. So spare me, okay? I wrote a half-assed story about you, and now you’re going to make me pay with my life—I get it. But before you pull the trigger and collect your modest fee, I want to see how the Dodgers did last night.”
“Is that all you care about?”
“No, I have other interests too. But right now…”
“I didn’t come here to kill you,” he says with a whimper that makes me realize I’m not fighting for my life as much as Rusty is fighting for his.
“Well, then you don’t need the gun.”
“Are you fucking stupid or something?”
“Why do you ask?”
“I came here to kill myself.”
“Then don’t let me interrupt.”
“You already did interrupt.”
Finally, my computer swings into gear. I open my browser and select the ESPN website. But before the page can load, Rusty fires a bullet into my monitor and a second into my hard drive.
I stand and move away from the sparks that spew from my busted computer. 
Rusty points the gun at my chest.
“Shit or get off the pot, Rusty.”


LOL, R.I.P


I step over the body of a latent homosexual who didn’t know how to program his TiVo properly and locate a nearby phone.
The operator connects me to the police without any sense of urgency or concern. The police switchboard operator locates Boyd in under a minute.
Predictably, his mouth is full.
“The vice guys brought in Noah’s for everyone,” he says.
“You shouldn’t eat Noah’s; their bagels are shit.”
“We can’t all live near Sam’s on Larchmont, Ethan. Have you tried this pumpkin cream cheese? It’s amazing.”
“Eating flavored cream cheese is a dramatic step backward in a person’s life. But that’s not what I called about…”
“Shoot.”
“More like shot.”
“Jesus. Not again. Who?”
“Some guy I wrote a story about. He killed himself at my office.”
“It’s always something with you.”
“You on your way?”
“Soon as I get another bagel.”
“Bring me an everything bagel.”
As I hang up the phone, Mark and Fuckable Coworker arrive.
“It’s the guy from the TiVo story,” I say, pointing to the body.
Fuckable Coworker screams and then vomits. 
“He killed himself,” I say.
Mark comports himself with a publisher’s acumen.
“What a great follow up story,” he says. “Think of the traffic!”
I know he’s right. It is a great story, and we have one last shot at squeezing Google juice out of it. 
“The police are on their way,” I say.
“Good. Get a quote from them. This could be the story that finally puts Rubber Necker on the map. Nice work, Ethan. Let’s get a quick post up ASAP. I don’t want to get scooped when we control the body.”
Mark claps my shoulder and takes one last look at the body before stealing away to his office to calculate just how much money a latent homosexual luddite will be worth to our advertisers.
I look at Fuckable Coworker, who has run out of vomit and shifted to dry heaves.
“It helps if you don’t look at the body.”
“I don’t think this is right,” she says.
Technically, she’s correct. But I wonder why she’s decided to draw the line here. We’re in the exploitation business, and for all we know, our bullshit website has racked up a worldwide body count that would raise eyebrows with a UN commission on genocide. Of course, if that were the case, we’d probably be hiring, not downsizing. But who’s to say? We’ve published thousands of stories, all of them scandalous in some way, none of them fact checked in the slightest. If Rusty was right, the odds are good that we ruined more lives than just his. And we’ve done it all without blinking. It was hard, empty work, and we took it on like miners chiseling for coal in the dark. But when the first evidence of our savagery spills its blood on our office floor, the fun and games suddenly stop? I wonder if it’s possible to be both correct and hypocritical?
“Take it up with Helen,” I say, fantasizing about a triumph of responsibility that I know will never come—the idea of editorial oversight having died when the word blog entered the lexicon.
“He fired her yesterday,” Fuckable Coworker says. “Cutbacks. I think he was going to fire you today, but…”
I look at Rusty and wonder if he knows that his suicide saved my job?
“Tell Mark I quit,” Fuckable Coworker says.
I kiss Fuckable Coworker’s ass goodbye as she walks out the door, secure in the knowledge that there will always be some woman to pine over and ogle when I should be working. 
Sitting down at Fuckable Coworker’s vacant desk, I stitch together a few raw facts while reading about yet another Dodger’s loss. There’s nobody to check my work. I publish the story with the usual commitment to digital expediency; my readers consume the pulp with their usual commitment to sloppy snark and half-true lies. What it all means and whether any of it matters are wholly irrelevant concerns. 
Forward. Always forward. Don’t think, just go… forward.
Less than a minute after the story goes live, the first commenter writes, “LOL, RIP.”
***
Boyd arrives. He hands me a chocolate chip bagel, explaining that his colleagues in vice have already eaten everything else.
“It’s pretty good,” he says.
But I shake my head, refusing to try it.
“Suit yourself,” Boyd says, unwrapping the bagel. With a healthy portion pinned between his snapping teeth, Boyd says, “So, what the fuck happened this time, killer?”
I tell Boyd what I know. He dutifully records the information in a notebook like an old man keeping score by hand at a Dodger’s game. Bagel crumbs and a falling lump of cream cheese stain his notes, but it doesn’t matter.
“You’re one lucky fuck,” Boyd says.
Only Boyd could call a half-charred, homeless cubicle jockey lucky. But the strange thing is that I actually agree with him in an Eric Clapton sort of way.
If it wasn’t for bad luck, I wouldn’t have no luck at all…
“Well, it looks like we can close the book on this one quicker than the last one,” Boyd says, lifting the gun out of Rusty’s cold hand.
“That’s probably for the best. I don’t have an apartment for you to break into this time, and all my food was incinerated in the fire.”
“What about the girl?”
“She got away.”
“I mean the other one.”
“I know.” 
###


About the author

Michael Estrin lives in Los Angeles. His work has appeared in various magazines, including California Lawyer, Penthouse, Fast Company, Draft and American Way. If you wish to contact him about the book, feel free to drop him a line at Michael.j.estrin@gmail.com. 


