



Nano 
A Timothy and Alix murder mystery

by Bion Smalley

Copyright 2011 Bion Smalley

Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition license notes 

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Also by Bion Smalley: In Deep Jung
Forbidden Vegetables (graphic novel)
The Bare Bear: homonym puzzles







Chapter 1

I woke up before Alix did and lay still, watching her breathe.  Her face glowed, sculpted from the translucent wax of sleep, and I thought, What the hell is she doing here? By which I meant here sharing an apartment with a misfit academic like me. That was the most difficult of the Alix questions, but there were zillions more. Alix was a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside a body that was impossible for a grown man to view intimately without weeping.
She sniffled when I tickled her nose, twisting away and burying her face in her pillow—universal body language for "just five more minutes." I rolled out of bed and headed for the bathroom. And that was when the day began to take its bizarre shape.
While I was shaving, a sparrow splattered itself against the bathroom window, chasing a bug probably. A few minutes later someone who spoke only Croatian (I think) phoned and wouldn't get off the line. I went to scramble some eggs and cracked open two double-yolkers in a row. Now, your liberal arts academics, as opposed to purely logical types like Alix and me, will read portent into a sequence of events like that, forever on the lookout in real life for the omens and resonances they find in their books. What they don't understand, and what you can never convince them of, is that what happens in this impersonal universe of ours is random. The truth is, probability rules, or, to couch it in the language of some of their favorite ancient philosophers, stercus accidit (cf. Latin manure + happens).
And as the morning progressed and stercus continued to accidit, it took the hard-nosed rationalists that we are to dismiss the sparrow as nothing more than a myopic fist of feathers, the Croat as a simple wrong number, the eggs as acceptable statistical outliers.
Ever calculating, I served Alix breakfast in bed—bagels with cream cheese and raspberry jam, the aforementioned eggs, a cappuccino from our wheezy machine to wash it all down—but she was in an odd mood. She seemed distant, anxious to get out of the apartment, so that her heart wasn't in the little seduction that I instigated. But she's a sport, is Alix. Afterward, sticky with sweat, jam and spent bodily fluids, we showered and threw on some clothes. By now she was wide awake. She could barely wait to shuffle me out the door.
"This one's only a few blocks from here," Alix said, stopping along the lakeside path. She had her pencil out and was circling a small ad for a yard sale in the North Suburban Review.
I gazed wistfully at Lake Michigan. In early August the lake was a shimmering Mediterranean blue under the glare of the morning sun. "Terrific," I said. I would much rather have confined our stroll to the Lake Shore University campus—in particular the university's private beach. Unfortunately, over the last couple of weeks Alix had developed an inexplicable madness for yard sales. This meant we'd have to leave behind the manicured, rolling campus pathways, the promise of summer coeds buttered and roasting brown on the sand, and, of course, the coolness of the breeze off the lake, and venture into The Town on what was developing into another hot, hot, hot Saturday.
"I don't know what you expect to find at these things," I said. "With your father's money you can afford anything you want, brand new. Doesn't bargain hunting strike you as a waste of time?"
"Timothy, it has nothing to do with money. It has to do with people. It's an anthropological thing—sort of."
"You're a mathematician, not an anthropologist."
"Whatever.  I've developed a hypothesis that a yard sale is a snapshot of the private lives of the sellers. If you stand back and really look at the junk on sale as a kind of holistic statement, you get a feel for the history of the sellers, who they are, the transition they’re going through. It's like peeking into a window at night and seeing what people are really all about."
"Only this way they have their clothes on."
"And it wouldn't hurt you to get away from your computers for a while. You need to broaden your horizons, develop some human contacts before you turn into a machine yourself."
Why do I have to? I wondered, but her assessment was fair enough. I've always been more comfortable with computers than with people. Except Alix. I was immensely comfortable with Alix. Which was why I wasn't going to spoil her fun. In the year or so we'd been together this wasn't the first time she'd gone off on a lark. Still, yard sales? Why not really scrape bottom and go bowling? And wasn't it just a little suspicious that these passions always seemed to surface just before her birthday? In a few days she would turn thirty-five.
I said, "You know, we could have a yard sale of our own, get rid of some of those old chains and leather restraints. The handcuffs with the missing key? And we haven't touched the cat-o'-nine-tails now that we're out of liniment. What would that say about us to the discerning shopper?"
Alix rolled her eyes and turned away, a grin curling at the corners of her mouth. She had retrieved her cell phone from her shoulder bag and seemed to be following its GPS map. Her dark hair fanned out in a lazy arc as she headed toward Hilton Road, the main thoroughfare along the western boundary of the campus. "Hurry up, it's almost ten. The reading won't be accurate if too many things are sold."
I hung back for a moment to peer at Dr. Alix Fitzsimmons over the top of my sunglasses. (I wear mirrored Ray-Bans because I think they make me look enigmatic. Alix thinks I look like a busboy on his day off.) I admired the geometry of her legs, the way her thighs joined in precise tangent to the arc of her hips before curving with elegant symmetry into her behind. Which, churning away from me now, strained at the fabric of her brief sundress. There was a deep cosmic order here. Every aspect of Alix seemed to echo the precision of her chosen discipline as a professor of mathematics. Sometimes I imagined photos of her gracing Playboy's special edition, Babes of Elliptical Modular Functions.

Chapter 2

In early August the Lake Shore University campus was nearly a ghost town—my favorite time of year, actually: for a couple of months at least you're not tripping over swarms of indifferent adolescents clamoring to be spoon-fed dry facts for the sake of grades. Today, even the summer students were staying cool indoors. For more than a week the campus had been baking, the result of a heat wave that showed no signs of flagging. Broad stretches of lawn sizzled under the relentless sun, and the farther away we traveled from the lake, the hotter it felt.
Just beyond the Brice Quadrangle, Alix slowed. "There's Pedro," she said, pointing to where half a dozen men were unloading a flatbed truck heaped with log-like rolls of sod. A swarthy man holding a baseball bat sat at the controls of a large motorized lawn roller. Below him stood Pedro, small and nut-brown, wearing  a wide-brimmed straw hat, a machete propped on his shoulder.
"Yo! Timothy, Alix," Pedro called out with an exaggerated look at his wristwatch. "It's not even noon. Couldn't sleep in the heat?"
Pedro embraced Alix warmly. He turned to me and nearly forgot for a moment that I don't hug. We shook hands.
Pedro Yamamoto, of Mexican and Japanese extraction, was Master of Grounds and Gardens at Lake Shore University. Alix and I first met him the previous summer. One night, staggering home from a wine tasting that had turned ugly, I mistook one of the university's numerous abstract sculptures for a pissoir. Which was bad enough, but zipping up in the dark I stumbled and managed to topple the sculpture—a monstrous totem of welded copper pods like something out of Invasion of the Body Snatchers—into a bed of tulips. Just my luck, Pedro, working late, was there to witness the whole thing. He was furious (about the tulips, not the sculpture). He stood over me like the boss of a chain gang, pulling at his thick Mexican moustache, glaring with those black-olive eyes from beneath their mysterious epicanthic folds, slapping that deadly-looking machete against his palm. "Sorry—sorry—sorry—" I muttered, terrified, scrabbling on hands and knees in the dirt until the precious flowers were returned to their original condition, more or less.
Afterward, maybe because he felt guilty for being so harsh, Pedro invited me out for a beer. One beer turned into another, and the next morning at six o'clock he and I stumbled into Alix's and my apartment with a huge bouquet cut from the President's Gardens. Alix was remarkably sanguine, considering that she'd been sound asleep. She fixed coffee and pancakes, and the three of us have been friends ever since.
"They have you working Saturdays now?" I said.
Pedro shook his head in disgust. In loose trousers and blouse he looked like a samurai Pancho Villa. "We got dentists coming in Monday and the place is supposed to be perfect. Now I got this." He waved toward an area where raised ridges crisscrossed the lawn, as if something had dug tunnels just under the surface.  One of his compadres was piloting the power roller back and forth to smooth over the ridges.
"What is it, gophers?"
"Gophers!" Pedro snorted. "I don't know what, but no gophers."
"Whatever they are," I said, watching the massive lawn roller trundle toward us under its own steam. "They won't stay long if they know what's good for them."
"What dentists?" Alix wanted to know.
Pedro shrugged wearily. "The Dental School's got some big deal going. That's what the tent's for."
Beyond Pedro, in the open courtyard in front of the Hayes Center, a crew was busily erecting a huge green-and-white striped tent. A large banner spread out on the ground read DIRECTIONS IN ORTHODONTIA FOR THE 21ST CENTURY. The point of my tongue slid to a rough spot on a back molar and I shuddered.
"If it's not crazy professors crushing my tulips", Pedro said, raising an eyebrow at me, "or fraternity drunks puking on my evergreens or dentists in golf shoes, it's some weird bicho chewing up my lawn. What a job, huh?"
We made vague plans for dinner the following week, and Alix and I started off again, heading west, which shattered my hopes that she'd forgotten the yard sale.

****

Two streets past Hilton Road, Alix tapped the GPS map on her cell phone. "Should be right here somewhere." She stuffed the newspaper into her capacious shoulder bag and raised her sunglasses away from her pale green eyes to squint at the addresses. I hoped the sale was close. Even in my coolest khaki shorts and a purple cotton T-shirt (bearing the image of the Lake Shore Snarlin' 'Possum) I felt like a roast pig.
The house we were looking for stood apart from the rest. A bastard Georgian Revival among frame Victorians, it had been expensively renovated—windows replaced, original cut-glass panels restored. A wide railed-in porch spanning the front had been completely rebuilt.
As if warning me of an ambush, Alix squeezed my arm and said softly, "Two-professional family, youngish."  Apparently she was applying her new powers of deduction to the small bicycle on the porch and the two BMWs in the drive, which was blocked off by a sawhorse to keep the yard sale customers from parking there.
Following the arrow on a hand-lettered sign, we cut through a narrow passageway that opened onto a small backyard. Unbelievably, in the suffocating heat, the yard was crowded with bargain hunters picking through junk on tables, junk in boxes, junk arrayed on blankets, junk everywhere.
Alix wandered to the periphery and stood still, eyes fixed. She touched a fist to her forehead like the Amazing Kreskin receiving a mental telegram.
First she concentrated on the miscellaneous pieces of ornamental china, the college mugs (Yale, Barnard), the broken sets of flatware and the lamps with frayed cords. Next she contemplated the dated textbooks and the assortment of tiny clothing gathered into one area. Some of the junk hadn't seen daylight for decades. Nothing escaped Alix's purview.
"I was definitely right. Professionals, both husband and wife," she announced with confidence. "Two small children."
She quickly added, "Materialistic," taking into account, I guessed, the profusion of previous-generation gadgets on display—watches, digital cameras, DVD recorders, calculators, light meters, cordless phones.
Noting that a perfectly good flat screen television was on sale, while a carton containing old blankets and tablecloths was printed with the brand name and model of a much bigger, much better LCD television, Alix said, "Recent increase in wealth?"
Moments later she announced, "Not intellectuals." I turned to see what she was looking at. Several of the novels stacked on a vintage TV tray were by Stehpanie Meyer. Of course, this alone wouldn't be conclusive. A bloated intellectual might very well read about vampires as an emetic. But these were hardcovers. A hardcover was simply too difficult to conceal on short notice—say, when a colleague enters without knocking—or explain away. No. Alix was right. These people were not intellectuals.
And then, synthesizing everything she knew, Alix proudly declared, "Lawyers."
Desperate to assert my own deductive powers, I added, "Divorcing."
Alix winced at the thought of lawyers divorcing. "Reason?"
I pointed to a cardboard box stuffed with old issues of Playboy and Penthouse. "No man living in the house would allow his adolescent memorabilia to be sold off like that."
"Very good, Timothy. See, you're getting into it."
A radio inside a screened-in porch interrupted its endless droning of golden oldies to make official what everyone already knew: Bad news again for the Chicagoland area, folks. Ten A.M. temperatures: Lake Front eighty-six, an even ninety at Midway and O'Hare. And for those of you travelers out on the road, construction has traffic backed up for three miles in every direction from the Kennedy-Edens junction...
Just then Alix glanced toward a row of desiccated lilac bushes in the corner of the yard. Her eyes widened. She tugged at my arm to start me moving.
"What?" I said. "What is it?"
"Shhh! Follow me, darling. And let me do the talking."
She led me to where a small boy, possibly six or seven years old, was perched on the edge of a battered red wagon. The wagon was piled with old toys—a plastic jet fighter with one wing missing, a stuffed bear that looked as if a dog had chewed it, a set of Lego blocks, a busty female doll in a one piece zebra-striped swimsuit. It was hard to tell what else.
"Hi," Alix said.
"Hi," the boy said. He looked away shyly. Chubby, with a surly tilt to his mouth, he was naked except for a baggy blue bathing suit. His wheat-colored hair was damp, as if he'd recently run under a sprinkler.
"My name's Alix. What's yours?"
"Justin."
"Justin. Well, Justin, I see you have a lot of nice toys there. Are you selling them?"
"Yeah," Justin mumbled, his attention threatening to wander at any moment.
I frowned. I wondered what the devil Alix was up to.
"How about that dolly there—by the teddy bear? Is that for sale?"
"Yeah."
"May I see it?"
"Okay."
He lifted the doll by its legs and handed it to Alix. It was cleaner than the other toys, pristine in fact. And suddenly I recognized it—long legs, blonde ponytail, pint-sized haute couture: a Barbie doll. Old, I decided, because its skin had faded almost to white. I knew there were different models and vintages of Barbies, but I had no idea which one this was. And Alix wasn't a doll person. Why was she so interested? She took her time examining it. I watched her pry Barbie's swimsuit away with her thumbnail and peek inside. Kinky. Was this another side of Alix I had yet to discover?
"Isn't she pretty," Alix said finally to Justin.
"I guess so."
"I bet I know a little girl who'd love to have this. How much do you want for it?"
With an air of boredom, eyes focused on the milling crowd, the boy said, "Three hundred bucks."
I choked, and Alix inhaled sharply.
"Three—hundred? Three hundred dollars?"
"Yeah."
Unsure of the meaning of the glance Alix shot me, I edged closer.
"Listen, Justin, Honey," Alix said. "Do you know how much three hundred dollars is? Are you sure you don't mean three dollars?"
"Three hundred."
I couldn't control myself. I pressed in front of Alix and lowered myself on one knee. "Let me handle this, love. I know kids." Slipping off my sunglasses so that the boy wouldn't miss the sincerity in my baby blues, I flashed my warmest smile. "Justin, what grade are you in?"
"Second."
"Second. Wow. What a big boy. How are you doing in arithmetic in the second grade?"
"Okay, I guess."
"You see, I'm only asking because I was wondering if you understood about counting dollars." I took the Barbie from Alix and made a ritual of straightening its skirt. I wanted to go easy, let my natural charm do the work. "For instance, take this doll. When this doll was new it cost, oh, say, fifteen dollars." I winked at Alix to intercept any correction she might make to my facts. "That's three fives." I spread the fingers of my right hand three times. "Five. Ten. Fifteen. See? Now, three hundred is—"
Justin was becoming agitated. He squirmed and faced me squarely, plump cheeks reddening. "Three hundred bucks!" he repeated loudly,  adding, "The price is non-negotiable," like the crafty little snot he apparently was.
"May I help you?"
A chunky blonde woman, obviously Justin's mother, stood behind us with her right hand braced against her hip. Her left hand (showing a slight depression on the bare finger where a wedding ring might have spent some time) was occupied swiping perspiration from her brow. Dark stains spread across her denim work shirt from one armpit to the other, and though the sale had been going on for less than an hour, a hefty wad of bills peeked out from the pocket of the apron at her waist.
"Ah, yes, ma'am," I said, rising to my feet. "Good morning. I was just trying to explain a little arithmetic to Justin here."
"Justin is excellent at arithmetic. He's in an advanced math class."
"Of course. Of course he is, but in this particular case—"
"Justin, what's going on?" she said.
"They want my Barbie, Mom. I told 'em three hundred bucks, like you said."
His mother shrugged. "Seems simple enough to me. Justin says the price is three hundred, it's three hundred."
"Look, Mrs.—"
"Excuse me, darling," Alix interrupted. "I think three hundred is very fair. Let's not say another word." Before I could stop her she had rummaged in her bag and dealt out three hundred dollars in tens and twenties from a shockingly thick bundle.
Justin's mother stood with her arms folded as Alix counted the money into the boy's moist hand and exchanged it for the Barbie.
"Nice doing business with you," Alix said.
I shot Justin my practiced wry smile. "Just out of curiosity, were you thinking of becoming a used car salesman when you grow up?"
"No, I want to be a personal injury attorney like my mom."
"That was going to be my second guess," I told Alix on the way to the street. "And not a lawyer, an attorney."
I could tell Alix was stifling a strong urge to remind me that, with nothing but the yard sale junk for clues, she had already deduced that the parents were lawyers.

Chapter 3

Alix and I meandered in silence for half a block, past the close-set houses, past the drooping elm and ash trees. The street seemed completely roasted. Everywhere undersized air conditioners whirred and clattered, sweaty rumps poking out from every other window. A cocker spaniel slouched past in slow motion as it tracked a gray tiger cat that wasn't moving much faster. Even the birds' songs were logy and insincere.
I broke the silence first. "All right, love, we're alone now. You want to tell me why you gave that little proto-shyster three hundred dollars for a used plastic doll?"
She produced it carefully from her bag and inched up its one-piece, zebra-striped swimsuit until Barbie's narrow WASPy ass was visible. "Look at that," she said.
"Yeah. Nice and tight. I see why the feminists are up in arms."
She tapped a fingernail beneath a small line of markings. "Nineteen fifty-nine. She's an original Barbie, and in mint condition as they say, maybe a little faded with age. Entire books have been written about her. Not that it matters, but I'll bet if I looked it up I'd find out she's worth a thousand or more."
I took it and studied it from different angles. "Wow, I'm excited," I murmured flatly. "So that's why you wanted it? For the satisfaction of cheating a surly second-grader out of a few hundred bucks? Not that that's such a bad thing. The idea of snookering the little cretin gives me a certain satisfaction."
"If I thought you could understand, I'd explain it."
I clutched at my chest. "Ouch. For your information, I'm a lot more sensitive than you give me credit for."
"Au contraire, mon cher, I credit you with as much sensitivity as any creature driven solely by intellect and libido can have." She sighed and began again with a conciliatory grin. "All right, Timothy, can you understand that it might have bothered me that my parents wouldn't let me have a Barbie when I was growing up? They thought it was too—I don't know—anti-feminist."
I harrumphed (which isn't as easy as you might think—try harrumphing and getting it right the first time). "Actually I can understand. I can just picture it. There you were, poor little rich girl with a room full of expensive trash of every description from F.A.O. Schwarz, and all you really wanted was a humble Barbie like all your working-class friends had. And naturally you never got over the pain. Today, when you saw that Barbie, something snapped. The same gut-wrenching longing came crashing over you like a tidal wave, and you knew you had to have it, you just had to—"
"Damn you, Timothy Legend."
Alix gathered her hair tightly behind her head in a Barbie-like ponytail. Swishing it away from her neck to keep cool she stalked ahead in silence.
Oops, I thought. There were precious few subjects that Alix had no sense of humor about, and this, unfortunately, seemed to be one of them. But what I'd said was true. While she was growing up, her father was off around the world overseeing his shipping lines—Transatlantic Fitzco, one of the largest—and her mother had managed to divide herself among a dozen charities and social clubs without a spare sliver for her daughter. Alix spent a lot of time alone reading—and, it is rumored, getting into serious trouble (which she was maddeningly reluctant to talk about). On the upside, she emerged a very well-educated little rich girl. After her mother's death (rubber-chicken luncheon, failed Heimlich) her father began to heap money on her out of a deep sense of guilt. Even now he continued to stuff her bank account.
Which, it suddenly dawned on me, was probably what this was all about, because every year for her birthday...
Moving briskly, Alix had put a dozen yards between us. "Slow down, love," I called out. "It's too hot." I caught up with her at the corner and took her hand. "I'm sorry." We crossed the street. "Can we talk about it?"
"There's nothing to talk about."
"Yes there is. What do you think your father will send you this year—for your birthday?"
She sighed, and I sensed she was relieved that I understood at least something. So was I. "I mailed him a card for his birthday in June. Snoopy. I thought he'd get a laugh."
"I remember."
"He'll be—he was sixty-five. A milestone I suppose. I added a note to tell him to stop sending me those stupid presents. It's such a waste. A card is fine."
"Think he received it?" I said.
"Who knows? I mailed it to his corporate headquarters in New York. I hope some secretary had the brains to forward it."
I was anxious to keep her talking. The issue of her father periodically reared its nasty head, interfering with our tranquility, and I wanted to help her get over it—for both of our sakes.
"Remember last year?" I said with a forced chuckle. Last summer we'd been wakened early in the morning by workmen shouting and banging around on the street. When we looked out, there was a forty-foot Catalina sloop trailered at the curb. We had no idea it was for Alix until they rang the bell and wanted her to sign for it.
"It was a really nice boat," Alix said without smiling.
"I guess. Tied up with a giant pink ribbon. I think I still have a picture on my phone."
She sold it the same day and split the proceeds between the ACLU and a local homeless shelter.
"What was it the year before that?" I said, encouraged that she was at least talking about it. "Last time I asked, you clammed up."
"It was a disaster. I'd just started dating this guy, and these uniformed men showed up at the door one morning with guns. The guy panicked. He ran out the back and never called me again. I never found out what he was afraid of."
"My masculine mojo."
"You think so?"
"Obviously my mojo was working on you even before we met."
"Your mojo."
"So, who were the men with guns?"
"Bank guards." Alix's dimples deepened to punctuate the memory. "They went out to their armored truck and pulled out a fifteen carat diamond pendant."
The cash from that one, she confided with satisfaction, went to Planned Parenthood, to pay for metal detectors and bulletproof vests across the country.
"At least it showed he was thinking about you," I said. I stretched up the tail of my T-shirt to mop the sweat from my upper lip.
"What it shows is that he's never had any idea who I am"
"Maybe I'll meet him some day," I said. "We could have a talk."
"Oh yeah, what would you say?"
"I'd tell him to stop sending you obscenely extravagant presents that have no personal meaning." I grinned and kicked at a pebble. "I'd tell him to send them to me instead."
Alix shoved me, but kept her grip on my hand. Gradually she settled back into her funk, resigned, I knew, to the disappointment of the next expensive and inappropriate present from her near-anonymous father.
As we walked, I had been unconsciously stripping off Barbie's swimsuit, practicing my one-handed disrobing the way a surgeon practices one-handed knots. I examined her body. Nice boobs, I thought, wondering if it was insensitive to be thinking things like that while Alix was feeling low. Suddenly I stopped and held up the naked doll for her to see.
"Hey, look at this. It's scratched. There's a gouge here on her belly. The little pirate sold you damaged goods."
"It doesn't matter, Timothy. I wasn't planning to leave her sitting around undressed."
"No, it does matter. This is important to you. I'll bet that little snot knew it was damaged." I was grasping for some way to please Alix. "I'm going back there and—"
"And what? Get my money back? Forget it. I'd rather have the doll. Anyway he's just a little kid. I'm sure he didn't purposely misrepresent it. If you make a fuss his parents will probably sue for breach of contract or pain and suffering or something. The mother had that litigious look."
"No money back. I just want him to know we know. The kid's going to be a lawyer—oh, I'm sorry, an attorney. Maybe it's not too late to teach him some ethics. In a just world, a Barbie with an appendix scar is a discountable item."
"Timothy, it's okay—"
When I shift into self-righteous gear there isn't much that will stop me. I had already reversed and was steaming back toward the yard sale. All Alix could do was sigh and tag along.

Chapter 4

Justin's mother was occupied with a customer when I stormed through the yard. I pulled up at the red wagon and was about to begin my tirade when I noticed something that left me speechless. There on the pile of toys was another Barbie, identical to the one Alix had purchased.
I reached down and snatched it up. I stared at it, then at Justin.
"Three hundred bucks," Justin said. I wanted to knot the doll around his neck and squeeze.
Alix had lingered behind, not wanting to make things worse, but now she saw the second Barbie and quickly reached my side. She took the doll and turned it over in her hands. "I can't believe it. It's exactly the same."
"Oh, I can believe it. And dear little Justin here can believe it too, can't you, Justin? Mr. Future Attorney. He should be selling these things out of a car trunk." I leaned closer when I spotted a suspicious-looking grocery bag near Justin's feet. I grabbed it before the boy could react. "Holy moley," I said. It was jammed full of Barbies wearing the same miniature zebra-striped swimsuits.
"Ah ha! You knew all along they were knock-offs, didn't you, Justin? But they wouldn't have been quite as profitable if they were all out on display at once. Slick marketing. How many are there? Six? Eight?"
Justin's wide blue eyes darted left and right. When he realized every escape route was covered, he began to bawl. "Maa! Maa!"
Ma was there in a microsecond. "You again? What'd you do to Justin? What'd they do to you, Honey? Tell Mommy. Did they abuse you?" She hurried around the wagon and took him into her arms. "I don't know who the hell you people are, but if you don't get out of here right now I'm going to call the police."
"Never mind, we're leaving," I said. I tossed a Barbie onto the wagon. "Where did you get them, Justin? Did you and your gang knock over a delivery truck at Toys 'R' Us? How many more do you have hidden around here? They're fakes and you know it."
"Maaaa!"
The mother let go of Justin and bellied up to me, bumping me backward until I had no choice but to retreat. She was more solid than she looked.
"Get—out—of—here—you—pervert!" she growled.
Some of the other customers had stopped fingering the gewgaws and were now staring at me.
"Come on, Timothy," Alix said. "Let's go." She struggled to guide me away but she couldn't keep me quiet. No one can do that.
"You're raising a criminal there, ma'am. Count the change on your dresser. Keep your checkbook locked up. Draw pencil lines on your liquor bottles—no, use a pen—"
"Get out of here!"
Out on the sidewalk I caught my breath and grinned at Alix. "Who says a grown man can't outwit a seven-year-old?" I held out the Barbie. "I switched them. At least we aren't stuck with the scratched one."
Alix took it and slid the clothing down. "Very clever, Timothy, but I'm afraid you got the same one back. This is the scratched one."
"Let me see. That's impossible."
But there it was, exactly the same scar.
"I switched them. I know I did."
"Okay, say you did," Alix offered. "Could it be a flaw in the original mold? Maybe there was a whole batch made with the same mark. Maybe they're seconds, not knock-offs."
Until she spoke, we hadn't noticed a small angelic-looking girl, a year or two younger than Justin, standing knock-kneed with her hands behind her back. Judging from the stains on her tiny sundress—a miniature of the one Alix was wearing—she liked to roll around in the dirt a lot. She smiled sweetly through a smudgy face. "I know where Justin found the Barbies."
"Don't tell me," Alix said. "You're his sister, right?"
"Um hmmm. I'm Stacy. If you buy my Barbie I'll show you. They were growing all over. I think there's more, too." She held out another copy of the doll. The family was lousy with Barbies.
"Growing?" I asked. "Like flowers?"
Stacy lowered her long eyelashes. "Um hmm."
Alix and I exchanged baffled looks.
"How much do you want for your Barbie, Stacy?" Alix asked, knowing even before she got the words out that it was a stupid question.
"Three hundred bucks," Stacy and I chimed in unison.
"Right, right." I rolled my eyes. "We've fallen into a nest of attorneys." But with Stacy looking cute enough to gobble up on the spot, I could only shudder at my pathetic softness. "Go ahead, Alix, pay the lady."

Chapter 5

Justin and his sister had stumbled onto the Barbies in a compost heap behind a neighbor's house several doors down.
"Isn't this the Turners' place?" Alix said.
I nodded. "I think you're right."
Keric Turner, a professor of chemistry at the Global Institute for Nanotechnology, and his wife, Rose, had invited us to dinner the previous November. The gesture had been wholly unexpected, motivated, it seemed, more by their professional curiosity than genuine friendship. We hardly knew them. As I recalled, Turner hadn't been particularly sociable either. He'd doggedly guided the conversation back to computer programming techniques for handling large sets of data—the last thing I wanted to discuss over dinner. Rose had been decent at least. She kept refilling my wine glass long after dinner was over.
And now here we were in his backyard. Bordered by a scraggly stand of buckthorns, the yard was protected from the worst of the sun by an ancient, sheltering oak. Still, the compost heap along the rear property line was too dry to support even weeds. The few dandelions and crab grass shoots that had struggled to grow there had long since withered.
Resting one foot on a low plastic retaining strip, Alix scratched at the crusted surface with a stick. "You found the Barbies in here? You're sure?"
"Um hmm." Stacy nodded. "They were growing."
I leaned close to Alix. "I think we've just been double-suckered by the slickest con artists in town—not to mention the shortest."
"You actually had to dig them out?" Alix said. "Show me exactly where, Stacy Honey, okay?"
"This is ridiculous," I whispered.
Crawling on hands and knees with a gusto that confirmed her affinity for dirt, Stacy clawed at a loose clod until it broke off and rolled away. She seemed confused, but just as I was turning to leave, justified in my skepticism, she scooped out another handful and proudly announced, "See? Barbie."
Alix and I squatted next to the girl. Protruding from a depression was the point of a small pale bud, like a plastic asparagus spear. Alix cleared the dirt away from it. When it was loose enough, she wiggled it gingerly out of the ground.
Stacy took one look and said, "Yuck."
I whistled. "The limited edition Thalidomide Barbie."
"Very attractive," Alix said. What she held was a grotesque deformation of the other Barbies: segments of arms and legs twisting around each other, two heads competing for purchase on one neck. What should have been the stylish swimsuit was a thin scaly sheath like reptile skin.
Scooping out more dirt, Alix said, "There's another one in here." She pried it loose and held it up.
"Eeeew!" Stacy wrinkled her button nose. "That one got smooshed. I think me and Justin got all the good ones."
I narrowed my eyes to study the thing up close. It wasn't a smooshed Barbie. Much more disconcerting, it had a quality about it that made me shiver even in the heat. About an eighth the size of a full-blown doll, it was more like a Barbie that had spent half an hour in an oven. But that wasn't right, either. The object presented too many fine details that heat would have destroyed. Fungus-like fuzz grew about its middle in the same black-and-white pattern of the swimsuit that Alix's two other Barbies were wearing. Where its hair should have been was a mossy rash.
"Are you thinking what I'm thinking, Timothy?"
"I hope not, because if I am then we're both crazy."
Stacy waited expectantly, making pouty shapes with her lips, her porcelain blue eyes giving nothing away.
I sighed. "I feel like a complete idiot for saying this, but it looks like some sort of embryo. A Barbie embryo?"

Chapter 6

Stacy kept pestering us with "What's a embio?" until Alix cobbled together an explanation involving chicken eggs and caterpillars, to which the child responded, "Oh, yeah, like a baby growing in Mommy's womb after Daddy puts his penis inside."
She seemed satisfied after that.
"I want to see if there're any more surprises in here," Alix said. She glanced back at the house, wondering, as I had been, if the Turners were home, and if they were, whether they might come charging out at any minute, red-faced over intruders mucking about in their compost heap. The windows were as expressionless as a Department of Motor Vehicles employee's eyes.
I retrieved a shovel I'd noticed leaning against the back stairs. While Stacy chased cabbage butterflies and dragonflies around the yard, Alix and I systematically shifted the compost from one end to the other. We were careful not to make too much mess. We didn't want to antagonize the Turners any more than necessary. The way Alix was positioned, facing me on her hands and knees, scooping dirt like a dog burying a bone, I could see right down the front of her sun dress. As usual, she wasn't wearing a bra, and as usual I stopped to gape, fascinated. You really have to wonder about free will versus biological predetermination when you live with a woman, see her naked every day, and still go out of your way to peek at her boobs whenever they flash by.
A few inches underneath its dried crust, the compost was moist and rancid. It had been there long enough to decay almost completely to soil.
"My God this stuff stinks," Alix said. "No wonder I don't garden. How does Pedro stand it?"
I frowned. "Compost doesn't usually smell this bad." Halfway through the mound, I raised a palm. "Hold it. I think we have another one."
A pale bud-like object peeped up through the surface. I knelt and examined it. "Uh oh," I said and abruptly stumbled to my feet. I felt the blood draining from my face.
"There they are!" Stacy's mother's shrill voice startled us as she burst into the yard. "Those are the ones! I should have known, the way they attacked my son. Now they're molesting my daughter. They're perverts." Two uniformed police officers, a tall man and a stocky, dark-haired woman, followed her closely. "Stacy! Are you all right, Baby? Did they hurt you? Did they touch you in those bad places we talked about? You're safe now. Mommy's here."
"Hi, Mommy," Stacy said. She ran to her mother and hopped up into her arms. "We found a Barbie embio."
"It's all right, Baby. You're safe now."
The police had unfastened the safety straps from their holsters, but they hadn't drawn their revolvers. Alix chopped the shovel into the dirt and left it standing while she sidled up to me.
"Keep your arms at your sides," the male officer said. He shifted a wary look from Alix to me. "Sir, would you please show me some identification?"
"Arrest them right now! I'm pressing charges!"
It took twenty minutes to straighten out the misunderstanding. Over the mother's hysterical objections, the female officer managed to extract the truth from Stacy, and eventually the police apologized. Neither Alix nor I expected the mother to apologize and she didn't. She simply left in a snit, dragging the reluctant Stacy along by the hand.
"Bye, Stacy," Alix said with a wave.
Stacy waved back. "Bye, Awix."
I clapped my hands and turned to the officers who were in the process of checking in via their hand-held radios and filling in some sort of form. Having recovered from my initial shock, I could barely suppress a grin. I love it when the occasion for high drama presents itself. It happens all too infrequently.
"Well, officers," I said, "now that we're alone, I have a little something to show you that you might find interesting. Just so you won't think this was all a complete waste of time."
"Sir?"
With Alix looking on uncertainly, I led them to the compost heap, to the latest pale bud we'd uncovered. Pointing to it, I invited them to take a closer look.
Glancing first at me, then Alix, then his partner, the male officer bent close to the compost and frowned. A moment later he crouched down and prodded the bud with a twig.
"Oh, shit," he said.
Well put, I thought. The police officer had noticed, as I had, that there was a nail on the side of the bud, a manicured fingernail, which meant that the bud was in reality a fingertip. And usually where there's a fingertip...

Chapter 7

Within minutes, while Alix and I watched from our repose on grimy lawn chairs commandeered from the back porch, detectives, uniformed police and crime scene technicians swarmed the yard like good ol' boys at an Elvis sighting. The whirling lights of a dozen squad cars quickly alerted the world to where the action was. Curious neighbors had to be herded to the street before the yellow crime scene tape could be strung. Reinforcements were called in to control the growing crowd. And, of course, the heat didn't make it any easier. The steamy ninety-seven-degrees aggravated every little tension until everyone was snapping at each other.
Detective Sergeant Hannah Pfizer's first act upon arrival was to growl at the young officer in charge of the police line. "This a goddamn circus? I don't want anybody even close to this yard without a damn good reason. You got that?" The flustered officer nodded vehement assurance that no one would get in.
We'd known as soon as the first call went out that we'd be seeing Pfizer. The university was large, but the town was small—too small for more than one detective sergeant in charge of murder investigations. In this town, when the subject was murder, Hannah Pfizer was the inevitable predicate.
The last time we'd seen Pfizer she was basking shamelessly in the limelight. She appeared on talk shows, hosted press conferences, gave speeches at the VFW, all taking credit for solving a series of murders in the university's clinical psychology department that, in fact, Alix and I had solved—with Weisenheimer's assistance it goes without saying (but more about him later). If she felt any guilt over it, it didn't show. But we didn't mind—not really. We like to say that our reward is the challenge and the adventure, but the truth is, we don't want the publicity. A simple equation explains it: the more in the limelight you are, the less you can get away with (c.f. Nixon, Reagan, Clinton, Abramoff, DeLay et al.). No, let Pfizer have the fame. Give us the key to the pantry where the cookie jar is kept.
"Well, Sergeant, what a surprise," Alix said.
I felt a little sympathetic that Pfizer had to be out in this weather wearing a white shirt and maroon silk tie. At least she'd loosened the tie.
"You two," Pfizer droned in her gravelly voice, a practiced tone that implied infinite weariness.
Not particularly tall, Pfizer carried a solid build only slightly softened and rounded by middle age. While she spoke she repeatedly smoothed back her short, dark hair and chewed on an unlit cheroot—an affectation that she must have thought made her look tough, but which struck me as merely revolting. The soggy end of it matched exactly the liquid brown of her eyes.
"Let me guess, Dr. Legend," Pfizer said, tiny flecks of tobacco twitching in the corners of her mouth. "You already have a theory about the case, right?" Though she was speaking to me, her gaze seemed stuck somewhere between Alix's bare upper thighs and the circles of dirt on her kneecaps. To her credit, Pfizer never attempted to disguise her lust for Alix. "I bet you already fed it into that computer detective of yours—whatchamacallit?"
"Weisenheimer."
"Right, Weisenheimer. And now you have the motive, the weapon and the exact number of hairs on the killer's head. Am I right?"
"Why, yes," I said with a deeply earnest expression. "How did you know? Turns out the killer had exactly zero hairs. He was five feet eight, a hundred sixty pounds, and stone bald."
"What?"
"Just kidding. We don't know anything. We haven't even decided if the victim is an annual or a perennial."
We glanced over to where a team of technicians was exhuming a man's decomposing body. At the sudden recognition of the dirt-caked face, my stomach turned a couple of somersaults. I quickly looked away. "Alix—" I began, and felt my throat tighten.
Alix shut her eyes. She, too, recognized the body.
Pfizer flipped open a small spiral notebook and held a ballpoint poised. "Okay, okay, just for the record, why don't you two just tell me everything you don't know? And go slow. I'm not a big brainy college professor like you, so I don't write so good. You can start with what you were doing out here digging up somebody's backyard in the first place."
Relating what we had discovered, we were interrupted briefly when the identity of the dead man was officially confirmed as Dr. Keric Turner. A uniformed officer whispered this fact into Pfizer's ear. A few moments later, Turner's body was lifted out carefully, and one of the technicians reached down into the empty grave and pulled out a briefcase. It was shot full of holes, as was Turner himself. He must have held it up trying to ward off the bullets that killed him. I shuddered, imagining his last desperate seconds. When the technician turned the briefcase sideways to fit it into a plastic bag, its contents clattered like crockery and the holes drooled a gooey gray substance.
"Alas, poor Keric," I said, hoping to smother my uneasiness with a joke. "I knew him, Sergeant." It didn't work.
Alix said, "He was at the university—chemical engineering."
"Yeah? So, just how well did you know him?"
Alix shook her head. "Not very. He had us over for dinner a few months ago. Other than that—well, he liked to come around to some of the weekly get-togethers at the mathematics department, but I think it was mainly to drink the wine and schmooze. He was a very serious man—no sense of humor at all. He seemed to get off on picking my brain for mathematical information, certain geometric transformations. I don't remember when I actually spoke with him last."
Pfizer scribbled a couple of words. "What else? Was he married?"
I noticed that Pfizer wouldn't look directly at me. She was probably jealous because I had Alix and she didn't. Nyah, nyah.
"Rose," Alix said. "His wife's name is Rose."

Chapter 8

No one answered when the police rang the Turners' bell and banged on the door. They broke in, and Alix and I drifted in quietly behind them. Everyone assumed we were with Sergeant Pfizer, and Pfizer was too preoccupied to notice that we were inside.
I followed Alix through the back porch into the kitchen. The police, finding nothing there, had tramped through on their way to the rest of the house.
"Notice?" Alix said. "This place is a lot cleaner than ours."
I nodded. "Spotless. We should get the name of their service."
Alix peered into the sink. Nothing. She pulled open the dishwasher, using a handkerchief to avoid smudging any fingerprints. The racks were empty.
I opened a cupboard. "Wow, the dishes are so clean you could eat off of them."
"Make domestic comparisons at your own peril," Alix said in a frosty tone.
I should explain that Alix is beyond feminism. She is a post-feminist, which means she assumes that she is the equal of men—equal at minimum. A corollary is that she assumes men will gladly accept their share of the chores. A subcorollary is that our apartment is a filthy mess.
But here the floor sparkled. The walls and the cabinets and appliances were buffed to a shine. The refrigerator was empty and as clean inside as if it were new. Under the sink, the garbage can was empty, not even a liner bag. Above, the paper towel roller was bare.
I wandered through the adjoining hallway into the living room. A slightly soiled Oriental rug sprawled out over the center of a polished oak floor. On a coffee table, cigarette butts overflowed an ashtray. "This is more like it," I said. The fuzz balls and sprinklings of dust in the corners made me feel more at home. In a stone fireplace the remnants of a log had been reduced, like Turner himself, to gray rubble.
"Look at this," Alix said, taking down a photograph from the mantel. "Their wedding picture. Keric and Rose don't look all that young here, do they?"
"Middle-aged romance. Just like ours."
"Like half of ours, old fella."
For some reason, Alix got a sick giggle from the fact that I was over forty and she wasn't, as if I needed her forbearance for some age-related incapacity (which, I assure you, I didn't—don't). I was just forty-one—hardly old—and I'd never felt more vigorous.
The police were still clomping around upstairs. We heard Pfizer's muted growl in the exercise of her authority.
"I wonder where Rose is now," Alix said. "Poor woman. She's in for some bad news."
"If she doesn't already know, you mean."
"My, my, Timothy, the dividing line between the realist and the cynic really is blurred, isn't it?"
"I wouldn't know, love. I don't pay attention to lines. Listen, isn't the Global Institute for Nanotechnology over in the Brice Quadrangle? What say we—?"
Sergeant Pfizer's voice exploded in the room. "What the hell are you doing here?" She stood glaring at us, unlit cheroot rolling around in her mouth as if it were struggling to escape.
"Oh, there you are, Hannah," Alix said. Alix had discovered early on that she was one of the privileged few allowed to address the sergeant by her first name, and that when she did, it rendered Pfizer temporarily less disagreeable. "We were just collecting some decorating tips."
"Yeah? Well you can just decorate yourselves right out of here. This is a crime scene and you're interfering with a murder investigation."
I noticed that Pfizer was carrying a sealed plastic bag containing what looked like a gun. "What's that, Sergeant? Evidence?"
Alix leaned closer and confirmed that it was a gun, an automatic pistol, probably nine millimeter.
"Just go," Pfizer said. "Now."
I hooked a hand around Alix's waist and guided her toward the front entrance. "We were just leaving. By the way, did you notice how clean the kitchen is?"
"Get out of here! And I'm officially warning you. Stay out of this investigation. Leave police business to the police. It's what we're paid for."
I whispered to Alix, "Her lips say no, but her eyes say yes."
Pfizer followed us to make sure we left. All the way out, past the uniformed officer holding the door and across the front porch, I could sense Pfizer's eyes locked in on Alix's articulate behind. It must have been the devil that made Alix toss off a demure wiggle as she navigated down the front steps.
"Sometimes," I said, leaning close, "when I want to make myself sick, I fantasize about you and Hannah together."
"Really? Shall I phone her and cancel the ménage à trois?"
Out on the street the crowd of onlookers had settled into quiet waiting, or withdrawn into small groups to trade rumors in hushed tones. They hardly looked up when Alix and I appeared. Even the few reporters present were uncharacteristically docile in the heat.
Excitement began to stir again only when a hulking black Mercedes SUV crawled to a halt at the curb. A policeman tried to shoo it past, but it refused to budge. A few moments later two men—more precisely, one man and Paul Bunyan's cousin with biceps the size of beer kegs—climbed out of the front seat on either side. The smaller of the pair had his hair slicked back like a rodent who had recently gnawed his way out of a jar of Vaseline. While the rodent argued vehemently with the officer, arms flailing, the big man opened the rear door and held it politely. A middle-aged woman emerged, wearing a yellow, style-challenged suit. Her straight black hair, streaked with gray, framed a worried face.
"Oh my God, it's Rose," Alix said.
Rose Turner noticed Alix immediately and hurried toward her, dark eyes twitching with apprehension.
"Dr. Fitzsimmons, isn't it? Alix. I'm Rose Turner. We met last—what's happened? Why are all these people here?"
"Rose—"
"I was staying with my mother," Rose continued breathlessly. "I got a call from one of the neighbors that there were police all over the house. Was there a burglary?"
Alix shot me the old your-turn-this-time look, but this wasn't my forte, raw emotion. I contrived to look so terrified that she had to give in. "Rose," Alix said finally. "Come with me."
"What is it? Keric is supposed to be home tomorrow. He's been in Japan. If they want insurance information or anything like that it'll have to wait for him."
The police must have explained to the two men accompanying Rose what had happened, because they had fallen silent. They watched Rose nervously with bowed heads. After a moment the smaller one produced a phone from his jacket and punched in a number. Judging from his expression it was not a call he wanted to make.
Alix put her arm around Rose and led her to the front steps where they could both sit down. They began to talk, and suddenly Rose shrieked, raising her arms as if she wanted to tear a hole in the sky.
"Keric? No! Not Keric!"
The big man moved more quickly than I thought possible. He reached Rose several steps ahead of me.
"Ah, Rose," he whimpered. "Ah, jeez, Rose."
He tried to wrap his arms around her but Rose was too small—pathetically tiny in her distress—and he couldn't quite master the mechanics of it. Instead he stood wringing his hands, looking almost as pathetic as Rose herself. The rodent had finished his phone call and he appeared frightened out of his wits. Slowly Rose collapsed in on herself, hands fluttering like dying birds over her contorted face.
"It's a mistake. It must be. Keric is in Japan. He can't be here—"
"Rose," Alix said gently. "I'm so sorry."
Rose was still sobbing inconsolably when Sergeant Pfizer arrived. The detective snapped her fingers toward a female officer, who detached herself from the perimeter and joined us.
Pfizer said softly to me, "Mrs. Turner, I presume," and I nodded.
Ironically, one of the few upsides to violent death is its effect on Alix. It seems to chase away—temporarily at least—the neurotic demons that cavort in her skull. Watching her comfort Rose Turner, I could almost imagine she was normal, and probably she could too.
After a short while paramedics arrived to administer a sedative. Finally subdued, Rose was carried away in an ambulance. The two men who had brought her watched her go, looking depleted, like robots whose batteries had run down until they had only enough power to twitch and stutter. We decided it was time to filter out through the crowd and disappear ourselves. For one thing, we wanted to get away from the sadness—death is inevitably a downer—but also there were a lot of interesting things to be done that couldn't wait.

Chapter 9

Pedro Yamamoto's groundskeeping crew was still at work in front of the Brice Quad when we arrived. The men were naked to the waist and glistening with sweat. Alix clucked, shooting them the admiring over-the-sunglasses leer she reserves for manual laborers. Half of the rolls of sod had been unloaded from the truck and applied to the lawn like Band-Aids, but for some reason the gouges they were meant to repair seemed as numerous as they had been earlier. In fact, I thought maybe there were more of them. Alix waved to Pedro, but either he didn't notice or chose to ignore her.
"Pedro doesn't look happy," Alix said.
I shrugged. "He's a perfectionist."
Approaching the entrance to the architectural masterpiece that was the Brice Quadrangle, I felt the familiar awe. Its grandeur, its inspired interplay of glass, marble and steel always made me chuckle. Brice was one of the few historical examples of Science conning Pseudoscience morons out of a bundle, and I loved it.
Born in 1897, Edwin Brice was an eccentric whose invention of a unique hinged bolt in 1922 coincided fortuitously with the infant aircraft industry's need for just such a bolt. He made millions. Unfortunately, he spent the rest of his life demonstrating that inventing the bolt had been a fluke. In 1985, after his greatly improved perpetual motion machine had been rejected for the last time by the U.S. Patent Office, he began looking for an alternate forum, some organization not in league with "those damned Freemasons" who would deny the world the fruits of his genius. The president of Lake Shore University at the time was shrewd. He convinced Brice to donate a building to Lake Shore with the provision that the Brice Perpetual Motion Engine be placed on permanent exhibition in the center of the quadrangle as a symbol of the suppression of unpopular ideas.
Brice died precisely one day after his namesake Quadrangle was dedicated. But he died happy, because the Brice Perpetual Motion Engine didn't stop moving until two days after the dedication. The machine's rusting hulk still occupies the position of honor in the enclosed courtyard. Oddly enough, it bears no qualitative difference from any of the goofy abstract sculptures that dot the campus. The Quad itself, on the other hand, is magnificent.  It was no wonder that when nanotechnology became a high priority for the university that the Quad was quickly appropriated by the Global Institute for Nanotechnology.
We learned from the directory in the main lobby that the very recently late Dr. Keric Turner's office and laboratory were located side by side on the fourth floor, in the wing of the Quad dedicated to Nanofabrication and Molecular Self-Assembly. The directory was one of those glass-framed boards with loose letters stuck into channels—inexplicably ancient technology for such an advanced edifice. I stared intently into the glass until Alix pulled me away.
"Your hair looks fine," she said. "Come on."
Pausing at the doorway to the fire stairs, I said, "I need to know something, love—and be honest. What do you think about somebody who would deliberately disobey a police officer's direct orders?"
"I don't know. Inconsiderate? Rude? Naughty? Immoral? Criminal? A lot of adjectives come to mind."
"None complimentary?"
"Not one."
"I thought not. I just want to be clear where we stand."
"Come on, Timothy. You saw how devastated Rose was. We can't leave this to civil servants."
"You don't need to convince me." I started down the stairs, my muffled footsteps echoing up through the stairwell.
"Timothy, Turner's office is on the fourth floor, remember?"
"Righto."
"Which is up."
"Righto."
"And yet we're going down."
"Righto.  Three marks for Alix."
Alix hooked a finger in my waistband and tugged me to a halt. "Is that because we're trying to lose the moron in the tan suit who's been following us ever since Turner's house? The one whose reflection you were watching so casually in the glass?"
"Nothing escapes that preternatural intuition, does it?"
Leaning against the railing, I slipped my arm around Alix's waist and hugged her tightly. "God I do so love this woman," I announced to the Fates in my Richard Burton (the actor, not the explorer) voice. Alix and I were alike in so many respects it scared me. Well, not really. But it did raise the hairs on my neck (in a good way) to know that she had spotted the tall, thin black man tagging along and realized immediately that he was tailing us. Talk about your soul mates, your great minds, synchronicity.
We took a moment to smear sloppy kisses over each other. The kisses tasted especially sweet, probably because seeing how Rose had reacted to the loss of her husband reminded us in a terrible way that any moment could be our last. Here today, compost tomorrow. I was determined not to leave anything unsaid, or undone—unless of course it was a zipper or a row of buttons.
"Nyh ah," Alix scolded, slapping my hand away from her breast. But she was smiling, those incredible dimples framing her wide luscious mouth. "What if Tan Suit is with the Sex Police? We could be arrested for illicit fondling."
"I'll grant you he's clean cut and a little glassy-eyed. But that bulge in his coat is more likely a gun than a Bible."
"That's not much of a relief." Alix grimaced and turned toward the closed fire door above. "Turner was killed with a gun."
"Which is why we need to be very careful until we know who this character is."
"And why he's so interested in us."
I planted one last kiss on the tip of her nose. "So, what'll it be? How about home to bring Weisenheimer up to speed, then out for a leisurely dinner? I prefer my covert laboratory visits under cover of darkness anyway."
"Can we do Greek? Nothing like a little mousaka to get in the mood for breaking and entering."
"Opa!" I said.
We continued down into the basement where Shipping and Receiving was located, and where Alix improvised arrangements for our later return, applying her not inconsiderable talent for larceny. Fifteen minutes later we left via a service entrance. The heat hadn't subsided even a degree in our absence. The moment we stepped outside it squeezed the juice right out of us.

Chapter 10

When we found Pedro Yamamoto he was mopping his forehead with a bandana, leaning over his shovel, foot resting on the blade. He studied the lawn like a fisherman waiting for the trout they call Big Daddy to surface.
"Que pasa?" Alix said, (brazenly omitting the leading upside-down question mark because there wasn't one in her brain's character set).
Pedro shushed us. The heat pressing in made it difficult to breathe. Over in the shade of the truck the grounds crew was taking a break.
"Any minute now," Pedro murmured in a hushed, edgy voice. "I been watching. There's a pattern."
I followed his gaze, measuring the lines and angles of the strange ridges that continued to scar the campus lawn, marring the symmetry of Pedro's masterwork (his fierce pride in which I had witnessed first hand). Already half a dozen more gashes had appeared in the same general area. As fast as Pedro's men could tamp down the damage and replace the sod, another ugly ridge would surface somewhere else. He stared out over the lush grass without blinking, and I realized he was hoping to catch one of the ridges in the making.
And suddenly he did.
With a rough hissing, the lawn not twenty yards ahead erupted as if an invisible gardener had drawn a scythe through it. Pedro's foot slipped off the shovel and he lurched forward. Stunned, I backed away. Alix grabbed my hand.
We had no doubt that Pedro Yamamoto knew nearly all there was to know about lawns. He knew about seeding and fertilizing and watering and cutting and trimming. And he knew about the enemies of lawns, too, bugs and worms and rusts and weeds and fungi and rodents and whatever else. But it was obvious that he had absolutely no idea what this was. He waved to someone at the truck. "Armando! Andale!"
"Did you see how fast that thing moved?" Alix said. My pulse rate ticked up from allegretto to full allegro.
Armando jogged over brandishing a baseball bat. Remembering Pedro's machete, I speculated that having something nasty looking to swing around while you worked was some kind of macho gardener thing.
Pedro's finger traced imaginary lines on the lawn as he jabbered away in Spanish.
Within minutes the crew had opened a trench that, even with the removed squares of sod neatly stacked beside it, looked far worse than the ridges themselves. But Pedro didn't care. He was obsessed now. Whatever was doing this, he was determined to stop it.
Alix and I retreated to a low concrete staircase and sat down.
"I had no idea Pedro was so resourceful," I said.
"But you do know that Tan Suit is back there peeping around the corner at us?"
"Yes, and I also notice that his suit isn't wrinkled."
"What?"
"In all this heat, the guy's suit isn't wrinkled."
"So what?"
So what, she wanted to know. Well, I wasn't going to embarrass myself by explaining. Some things are just too personal to be shared in any relationship. I mean, who could look at you the same way again after you confessed that unwrinkled people infuriate you. But they do—infuriate me, I mean. Certain people know the secret of wrinkle-free existence, and I hate them. Flat out despise them. Bank presidents know the secret, and insurance executives, the well manicured little weasels—even a computer salesman I once met. And of course attorneys. Except for the drunks and the public defenders, attorneys (unlike lawyers) are largely wrinkle-free. But not me. Try as I might, I always discover a rumpled academic peering back at me from my mirror. So when I see one of these guys, it's like an instant rebuke, as if they're saying, Hey, nice wrinkles, loser.
"Just an observation," I murmured.
We watched Pedro line up the men with orders to wait for a sound, and then use their shovels to stop whatever it was as it breached the open trench. But, he warned them, they'd have to be fast. The man who stopped it would get all the Dos Equis he could drink next Saturday night, Pedro's treat. I liked that touch—positive management incentives are so much better than punishment.
They didn't long have to wait.
A quiet rushing, emanating from somewhere in the direction of the Brice Quad, quickly rose until it sounded like crushed stone spilling along a metal sluice on the way to becoming a driveway or a patio. "Ahora!" Pedro shouted. "It's coming now!" The men raised their shovels, except for Armando who raised his bat. He braced one leg inside the shallow trench for balance, shoulders rolled forward, poised for a fastball, Mickey Mantle on the verge of making history.
Suddenly the ground pulsed and belched, and a track appeared with incredible speed, heading straight for Armando. He brought the bat back. With a grunt he started his swing, timing it to impact at just the moment when whatever it was would break into the open. And he made contact with enough force to send a baseball high into the bleachers.
Unfortunately, whatever it was it wasn't a baseball. The bat burst into splinters with a loud growl, as if it had been jammed into a tree chipper. The next moment the thing churned into the opposite side of the trench and vanished, leaving the crew in shock—Armando especially, since the end of his leg from the ankle down had been ground to pulp.
Alix jumped up and ran to him. Pedro followed her, screaming.
Without the support of the missing appendage, Armando toppled into the trench and immediately passed out at the sight of his own blood spurting into the mud in rhythm with his panicky heart. I should have stayed back, but I didn't, and predictably the sight of so much gore nauseated me. I vomited while the rest of the crew scattered in every direction, shovels flying. "Call an ambulance!" Alix managed to shout, voice breaking on the words. "El ambulanso!" she repeated in her faux Spanish. In the next courtyard, a few of the workers who were finishing up with the dental symposium tent stopped to watch.
Pedro stood like a statue, paralyzed, unable to act. As usual, Alix was the calm one. Without her bag, which she'd left on the steps, she had to improvise. Quickly she slipped off the length of rope that served as Pedro's belt and tied it around Armando's stump. The bleeding subsided. Pedro still couldn't move, even to pick up his pants from where they'd settled around his ankles. His hands shook. His shoulders shook. But he only stared at Armando, features blank with horror.
"It'll be okay, Pedro," Alix said. "I hear a siren. There's an ambulance on the way."
"It was my fault. If I hadn't told them to dig the trench—"
With the bleeding stopped, I was able to wipe off my mouth and start thinking again. "How could you have known?" I said, trying to judge the depth of my friend's torment. Pedro looked more and more as if he might faint.
"Armando was the leading home run hitter for the union league," Pedro whispered. "Look what I did to him."
"It was not your fault," I declared, and surprised myself by wrapping my arm around his shoulders.
Gradually a barrage of frantic questions in Spanish from his crew, most of which had sought refuge up on their truck, brought Pedro back to himself. The bleat of the approaching ambulance was unmistakable now. Pedro dragged up his pants with one hand and began shouting orders, and the workers scurried around, loading their equipment onto the truck—except, of course, for anything lying out on the open lawn.

Chapter 11

"Why didn't you let me tell  those paramedics what happened?" Pedro wanted to know after the ambulance had whisked Armando away. He looked terrible, eyes rimmed red, face drawn.
"Because there are some strange things going on here that need looking into without interference by official types," Alix said.
Fortunately neither of the two EMTs from the ambulance had understood Spanish, which made it easy to convince them, despite the constant chattering and finger pointing of the crew, that Armando had been injured in a freak accident involving a chain saw. Pedro had retrieved a chain saw from his truck at our request, and Alix smeared some of Armando's blood up and down its teeth. I felt nauseated again just watching her. But the whole show must have been convincing enough, because they drove off after a minimum of questions. Had we thought it would have made a difference to Armando we might have risked the truth, but it didn't, and this way we were free to look into things at our own pace, using our own methods.
"What you need to do now, Pedro," I said, "is cordon off this area temporarily so no one else gets hurt."
"Maybe I could put snow fencing around it."
Alix nodded. "Even better."
"But—what about that—thing?"
Pedro was still blaming himself for Armando. His once proud Pancho Villa moustache sagged dejectedly. One glance from Alix was enough to convince me that we had to let him in on the investigation, at least in some minor way. Words wouldn't do it for a man as proud as Pedro. He needed to earn his forgiveness.
"Would you excuse us a moment," I said. Alix and I huddled, went over plan A and plan B, decided that plan C was better still, and a minute later we were ready to roll.
Alix performed a casual pirouette to assure herself that the black man in the tan suit was still watching us. He was.
I moved close to Pedro and spoke in a low voice. "When we got here you said there was a pattern to this thing. What did you mean?"
"I think it's, like, every three or four minutes."
"That's it? That's the pattern?"
"Not exactly. You ever play pool?"
"A bit."
"Because I think this thing is working the angles, like a pool ball off a cushion."
Pedro pointed to where several ridges converged. "See that? If you look real careful the lines are coming from a few spots near the building."
Now that I knew what to look for, I saw it immediately, the straight tunnels intersecting at well-defined angles, each the segment of a radius emanating from two or three theoretical points near the base of the Brice Quad. I made a prediction of my own and waited. Sure enough, the little sucker streaked through the sod, more or less where I thought it would, sounding like a tiny bus with transmission problems. That was proof enough for me.
"Paper," I said. Alix dug into her shoulder bag and found a pad, slapped it into my hand along with a ballpoint pen. I scribbled a short message on a page and ripped it off.
"What do you think, Pedro," I said, indicating a virgin patch of grass nearby. "Right there next?"
"Seems about right."
"Okay, you two stand guard."
Pedro scratched the back of his head. "Stand guard?" He was always a little bewildered when he was with us. "Okay, if you say so."
Directing exaggerated nervous glances all around, I buried the note under a small divot while Pedro prowled the perimeter like a good sentry, holding his machete like a rifle and squinting into the afternoon light. Alix, I noticed, had completely forgotten her funk. As cynical as it may seem, you should never underestimate the therapeutic value of murder and maiming.
We skulked toward Brice Quad, hunching low and acting as guilty as hell, as if it was vital that no one had observed us. Around the corner we stopped and waited.
"I hope you know what you're doing," Alix said.
Moments later there he was, the Tan Unwrinkled One, heading for the lawn on tippy toes like Wile E. Coyote stalking the Roadrunner. I knew Alix was thinking the same thing because she covered her mouth and giggled.
"Pathetic," I said. "Who is this bozo?"
If Pedro was bewildered before, he was totally lost now. I touched a finger to my lips and shook my head when he looked like he was about to say something.
In a crouch, the man slipped quietly along a disjointed stand of hedges and small evergreens until he was as close to where I had buried the note as he could get and still be hidden. We watched him suck in a deep breath and lunge into the open. Within seconds he had reached his destination. He scooped out a handful of dirt, uncovering a corner of the piece of paper. Carefully he tugged it out and read it.
And faster than he could possibly react, he was engulfed by a loud rushing sound accompanying a tremor under his feet that grew in force until suddenly he was throw into the air as if he'd been hit by a truck. He flew head over heels and landed skidding across the dried lawn on his face and shoulder. Even at that distance we could hear him groan.
"That has to smart," Alix said.
We raced to him. Where he'd been standing the earth smoldered. Faint puffs of smoke and dust escaped from crevices in the broken sod.
With Pedro holding his machete menacingly above the man's head, I rifled his pockets.
"Well, Special Agent Carl Wiggins," I said, reading from a small laminated plastic card. "National Security Service. Never heard of it."
"What happened?" Wiggins whispered, still dizzy, his head lolling erratically. He stared uncomprehending at the long narrow mound of dirt that had appeared where he'd been standing. "Was it a mine?"
"No, it wasn'ta you's, and it wasn'ta mine neither," I said, slipping into my Chico Marx impression, which is not half bad if I can believe my old beer buddies. "Whatsa matta you?"
Wiggins gaped as if he was in the presence of a madman. And that was exactly my point. If these spook types think you're nuts, you gain the immediate advantage. Spies, bad asses, your broad range of criminal personalities, these agents are trained to the gills to handle all of them, but the chapter on crazies is in the back of the handbook and everyone knows it's never on the exam, so they don't read it. How do I know this? Trust me.
"Cock-a-doodle-doo," I said.
Wiggins' eyes bulged and he started to get up, but Pedro's raised machete made him think twice. He groaned in defeat. "I think my shoulder's broken."
One of Alix's assigned duties, according to our carefully balanced division of labor, is to keep up with advanced first aid techniques. I mean, you never know when one of us will sprain something trying a new position. She knelt and helped Wiggins rotate his arm through various arcs. "Nothing broken. Maybe a slight dislocation. Take it easy. Put some ice on it, it'll be fine."
Wiggins sat up grimacing, probing the scratches on his face. He kept watching me, maybe worried that I'd burst out in song.
"You know my question, Agent Wiggins," I demanded. "What's the answer?"
Wiggins frowned. He seemed to regain some composure. "I can't discuss my assignment." Following a pause while he massaged his neck, he added, "I should warn you, you're interfering with a federal agent in the performance of his duties. I could arrest you."
"Oh, my. Since when is a friendly chat interfering?"
Alix noticed a small revolver peeking out of a holster tucked under Wiggins' armpit. In one smooth motion she swooped down and took it out. She examined it, tested the grip, sighted along the barrel toward Wiggins' forehead. "Is this real?"
Wiggins' eyes widened. "Uh—if anything happens to me—if I don't report in, the Service will know who to look for. We know who you are."
Alix smiled that wonderful, dimpled smile of hers. "Great! Who am I?"
"I can't tell you that."
"Yow. You sound like my therapist." She slipped the revolver back into its holster and Wiggins relaxed visibly.
I said, "Listen, Agent Wiggins, we know who you are, and I'm not going to let you up until you answer the question."
"I told you, I'm not allowed to discuss my assignment."
"I don't give a damn about your assignment. What does that note say?"
Through it all Wiggins was still clutching the piece of paper. "'How do you keep from wrinkling your suit?'" he read.
"Yes! That is the burning question. Look at you. You've just taken a sleigh ride without a sled on bare grass and your suit is still smooth as a baby's ass. What's the secret?"
Wiggins shifted his terrified gaze from me to Pedro to Alix, desperate for some hint of sanity. When I grabbed his lapel, he cringed, but I only twisted it until the label showed. "No fabric content. I thought it was a law you had to list the fabric content."
We left Wiggins working his mouth like a goldfish and strolled casually to the path leading to the main campus artery.
"Who was that, Timothy?" Pedro wanted to know. "Alix? Really, who was it?"
"You heard. That was Agent Wiggins, National Security Service. But don't let that rough and ready exterior frighten you. Underneath there's a pussycat meowing to get out."
"I think he pissed his pants."
In sight of the Hayes Center we took leave of Lake Shore University's renowned Master of Grounds and Gardens. By this time he was looking more forlorn than I'd ever seen him. "Pedro, listen, we don't have a lot of time, but everything's going to work out. Meet us for dinner at the Corinthian Garden—you know where that is?—eight-thirty on the dot. We'll need your help to plan our next move."
Alix kissed him on the cheek. "What happened to Armando wasn't your fault, Pedro. You have to believe that. And I promise you we'll find out whose fault it is."
"Thanks." He surveyed the destruction. "I guess I better roll out some snow fence before somebody else gets hurt."
"Eight-thirty on the dot," I repeated.

Chapter 12

Trudging across the grass, I felt the humid air closing in. In all the excitement I'd forgotten, but now that my brain was able to relax, here was the damned heat again, rushing in to occupy my thoughts. Alix fanned herself, pulled away the neckline of her dress and blew down the front. I automatically craned my neck to peek. What is that all about, anyway?
The sky remained unchanged from the morning—still a towering deep blue, cloudless and without end. Nearing the Hayes Center we climbed down a concrete stairway into a bowl-like terrace and felt as if we were lowering ourselves into a lobster pot.
The crew preparing the tent for the dental doings was nearly finished. Inside, hundreds of folding chairs were arrayed in rows that faced a long wooden stage. Just beyond the tent a couple of workers were inflating a giant tooth-shaped balloon, like one of those big rubber Cuervo Rum or Miller Beer bottles you see at athletic events. The name of what I took to be a dental supply company was emblazoned on the side of it. Slowly it grew, dead still and cavity free in the breezeless air.
"Suddenly I have this overwhelming urge to swish and spit," I said, squeezing Alix's arm.
"Is there no limit to the power of advertising?"
"Excuse me," I said to a parboiled worker in blue jeans and a sleeveless undershirt, "who's in charge here?" He directed us to the foreman, a big man standing in the shade of the tent. The man's back was toward us, and from the way his arms flailed he seemed to be engaged in animated conversation with someone we couldn't see.
"Uh oh," Alix said as we approached. Too late I understood what she meant.
The foreman was speaking with none other than the Gnome of Lake Shore: Dean Fretter, my arch nemesis. (Don't you love the way that sounds? Arch nemesis. Like Sherlock Holmes's Professor Moriarty, but only if Moriarty were a chubby, officious little twerp with a rulebook up his ass and no imagination.)
"Legend," Fretter said, his lips barely moving.
"Fretter," I said.
Alix quickly insinuated herself between us. "Dean Fretter," she gushed, "how are you?" She shook his hand warmly and kicked out backward, missing my kneecap by a sliver.
Truth be told, I have not yet worked out exactly when I developed this overwhelming aversion to authority. Sometimes I think I was born with it, a theory reinforced by the family tradition that at three weeks of age I was already peeing on my German nanny whenever she came to disrupt my nap to change my nappy. But however apocryphal that may be, the attitude is real. By the time I was twelve, my father, Assistant Chief of Clerks ("clarks" is how they pronounce it) at a large London brokerage firm, was unable to stomach any further disobedience. Dear Papa summarily packed me off to the States, to a boarding school that promised to accept a boy and return a man. What they ended up returning was the tuition. Six more schools and two colleges later—all in the States to ensure maximum distance from home—I was as unsocialized as ever (according to what I must accept were competent professional diagnoses). Had it not been for the lure of computers and the wild and woolly frontiers of cyberspace, who knew what penitentiary I might now be trying to escape from? And with only the slightest leap of imagination, Dean Fretter could be the warden.
"Catch you later, Dean," the foreman said. "I have to wrap this up before quitting time. Nobody's gonna want to come back tomorrow." He raised a half-salute, mostly to Alix, and hurried off.
I frowned. "Don't tell me you're in charge of this dental extravaganza. You're an exalted dean. Doesn't this fall under the lowly domain of the Department of Clowns and Circuses?—oh, well there, I've answered my own question."
"For your information, Richard Cohn is the Dental School Event Coordinator. He's taken ill and he asked me to fill in as a personal favor."
The dean and I glared at each other. I considered challenging him over his latest threat to bring me up before the disciplinary board unless I took the college committee meetings more seriously, but now wasn't the time. You'd think that after Alix and I (and Weisenheimer) had gotten the dean off of an apparently iron-clad murder rap several years before, he and I would be on better terms. But our mutual animosity proved to be more satisfying than any forced truce, so here we were. I rubbed my chin and inspected the tent. "So, if this shindig had to be canceled, you'd be the one to call."
"Why would it be canceled?"
I fixed him with my steeliest look. "What do you know about killer gophers?"
Fretter emitted a sharp puff of air. "Legend, I'm more than tired of your irresponsible behavior." Turning to Alix, he said, "Doctor Fitzsimmons, if you'll excuse me I have work to do," and paused to add, "Believe me when I say you have my deepest sympathy."
"Nice seeing you, Dean," I called after him. "I'll keep you posted on the gophers.

Chapter 13

"I wish you two could get along," Alix said when Fretter was out of sight.
"We'd get along if he'd leave me alone. I came here to put Lake Shore on the map for computer science, not to kowtow to him and his dippy little rules."
"Maybe if you were less confrontational."
"Maybe if I weren't me."
We began walking in the direction opposite Fretter while I did some soul searching (a very short search since in reality there's no such thing as a soul). "I think the dean and I are just logically incompatible. Besides, deep down he likes having me to blame things on. Remember when he and I were friends for a few minutes after we rescued him from the Jungians?"
"You're right. It was awful. It's just—"
"Yes, I know."
After a while we angled off onto a curving pathway that opened, mercifully, onto Lake Michigan. And if the lakefront wasn't any cooler, the sight of all that water made it easier to pretend.
Two lucky couples overtook us, headed for the beach, festooned with coolers and towels. The sight of the slim girls sweating in their bikinis provoked a familiar twinge and I was suddenly anxious to get back to our apartment.
"You don't believe me, do you?" one of the young men said.
His pretty companion laughed. "Come on, Jimmy, a shark?"
"It was a damn shark, coming right at me."
"Through the ground."
Both the young women shrieked with laughter, and the second one said, "Oh, right, a land shark. I'm really sure."
"I'm telling you what I saw. You want me to show you? Because I was thinking maybe I ought to report it to—"
"Stop it, Jimmy. Come on. The heat's frying your brain. We just want to go for a swim." She couldn't stifle another laugh. "In the water where we'll be safe from sharks. They only go on land you know."
The young women's giggles were absorbed into the heat and the distance as we veered off toward our dingy off-campus apartment.

****

Our apartment.
Occupying the first floor of a narrow frame Victorian townhouse dangerously out of plumb, our love nest was quaint in the worst sense. Gutters leaked, plaster crumbled, wallpaper peeled, siding flapped in the slightest breeze, cockroaches danced the Macarena in broad daylight. Still, it seemed to suit Alix's perverse sense of theater. For her, it was a romantic shack straight out of Tennessee Williams, a starkly lyrical setting in which our wonderfully irresponsible relationship could flourish.
For me, though, it was a dump.
Believe it or not I was considered a neatness freak in my pre-Alix days. Before that fateful tea you could count on the fingers of a cutlery juggler the number of faculty teas I'd attended, but there I was that day, Earl Grey puddling in my saucer, exchanging techniques for trimming down teaching loads with Peter Hamilton. Neither of us much cared for the rafts of students the university kept unloading onto us.
"I heard that Ringman at Cornell is down to less than an hour a week," Peter was telling me. "The man's a living legend—no insult intended."
"None taken. Don't look now, but is that woman staring at me?"
Naturally Peter turned and looked. "Uh oh, that's Fitzsimmons."
"Is that bad?"
"I suppose it depends on whether you're a masochist or not."
I had caught her watching me practice straightening my pinkie as I sipped. She laughed out loud and I instantly adored that laugh. She approached and leaned close. "I hope you don't have to try that hard to stiffen all your members."
"Mgahh—um—" I said, or something equally articulate.
Peter backed away, clearing his throat. "Eh, Timothy, I want to try the dip. We'll talk later."
With Peter out of earshot, the woman said, "I've been stalking you. I guess you haven't noticed."
I stared into her lambent green eyes looking for the punch line, finding none. And that was the first time I noticed that notorious bag of hers swinging from its shoulder strap like a moon in tight orbit. (What I did not know then was that Alix's bag, while appearing ordinary enough—a largish, canvas shoulder bag, unmarked, of a nondescript dark color, not quite navy, not quite brown—is, I am now convinced, the other end of a cosmic black hole. How else to explain its unimaginable capacity? Her bag is almost certainly where the stuff that falls into a black hole in some parallel universe, a universe awash in small gadgets and notions, comes out.)
 She reached inside her bag and drew out a small spiral notebook, flipped it open to a page in the middle.
"You're an easy one to research. Everyone has an opinion about you."
"Your notes are no doubt awash in thunderous praise." Heat seeped into my face. Why was she researching me?
"Not even close." She began reciting a litany of character flaws, glancing up periodically to gauge their effect. "You're eccentric, arrogant, egotistical, opinionated, irresponsible, devious, blunt, unmannered, morally dissolute."
"Well, see, you shouldn't just interview my friends."
"Are you really a rabid atheist? And here: insensitive, unsentimental—you despise romantic walks on the beach."
"That had to come from Cynthia. She should have added 'with terminally pretentious poets.'"
"Wait, here're some positive things: brilliant, conceded grudgingly; resourceful, also conceded grudgingly." (I blush to remember these words.)
I tried to snatch the notebook away but she was too quick. "You don't see venal in there, do you? Or lazy? What about hygiene? I floss every day."
"No venal, no lazy."
"Well then." I squared my shoulders and regarded her cautiously, taking the measure of the flesh I imagined luxuriating beneath her satin blouse and tailored navy pants. She radiated an edgy heat, this strange woman did. But what the hell did she want from me? "So, are you—what—writing an exposé or something?"
"Actually I'm man hunting."
"Excuse me?"
"Ever since I came to this university I've dated nothing but stuffed shirts and sycophants and I'm sick to death of them. Then I heard about you."
"Give me a hint. Am I flattered?"
She held up the notebook and waggled it. "That's why I've been spying on you. I had to know if they were exaggerating. They weren't."
Nearby, a couple of faculty stuffed shirts—or were they sycophants?—had suspended conversation to eavesdrop. The woman tugged me toward the corner and lowered her voice. "Only two things I don't know about you: how you handle excitement, and whether you're a decent fuck."
For a long moment my brain stalled, processing nothing but the clink of teacups and saucers, the murmur of gossip. Eventually I stammered, "Um. Maybe I could—get a note from the high school slut?—no, scratch that." I shrugged helplessly. "I don't know."
"Ha! And you're supposed to be arrogant."
Lower lip clamped in her teeth, her eyes swept the room. She seemed to be working something out, but in retrospect I think she'd already had it planned. She took me by the arm and led me away.
We were in the Monroe Pavilion, which is a warren of conference rooms and small auditoriums. I soon found myself on a narrow stage, behind drawn curtains, where a brocaded wing chair and an Art Deco floor lamp were arranged on a threadbare carpet—the set, no doubt, for some minimalist play or other. Before I could say "Harold Pinter," Alix had stripped off her clothes and was working at mine. I offered no resistance, able only to stare at the glory of her and press back the tears. My imagination had fallen piteously short of reality. Choosing from a broad palette of condoms, she held one after the other up to my face until she found just the right shade of blue to match my eyes.
"Pretty," she said, and gently rolled it onto what was now an exquisitely aching protuberance.
The following hour or so is pretty much a blur. I remember having to right the wing chair several times. Once I clamped my hand over her mouth after her screams brought someone into the auditorium—"Hello? Is anyone there?"—and she struggled against me, giggling, squirming, nipping at my palm like the adrenaline junkie I decided she was. "Tell me the truth," I whispered, "are you a psycho?" She nodded vigorously, hips pounding down, driving me deeper inside her.
I confess, when it was all over I was dazzled. We held onto each other, sweating, chests heaving, riding the elevator back down to earth. At the first sounds of doors opening, people filing in in animated conversation, we hurriedly dressed. Someone turned a switch and the stage curtains parted. Trailing bits of clothing, we strode to the footlights for a bow before hurrying down the aisle and out into the hall, leaving the amateur thespians with a unique piece of reality to weave into their workshops.
Beside a water cooler she turned me around. "Timothy, can I tell you something I'm sure you don't know?"
"Please do." I was still trying to catch my breath, wondering if I'd somehow done an Alice-in-Wonderland and fallen into the pages of Penthouse.
"My name is Alix," she said, formally shaking my hand. "Alix Fitzsimmons, and we are now officially an item."
There. Now isn't that just about the most romantic story you've ever heard? I thought so. She waited a few days to spring this dung heap of an apartment on me, when I was already too hooked for it to matter. It was a far cry from the plastic-modern faculty housing where I'd been living, but by then she could have pitched a tent in the middle of the football stadium and I'd have moved in.

Chapter 14

Inside, the apartment wasn't much cooler than the outdoors. We headed straight for the bedroom where the only air conditioner was located.
"I notice we didn't mention anything about the Barbie embryo to Sergeant Pfizer," Alix said.
"Your long-suffering admirer Hannah?"
"Jealous are we? You know she's not my type."
"Right. Too normal. And she always misses a spot on her chin when she shaves." Searching for the loose end of a network cable, I added, "But yes, I did notice that we omitted mention of the embryo. What would she make out of it anyway?"
"We were due for a new case. I can feel my pulse quickening."
Pulse rate, I had learned from observing Alix, is an adrenaline junkie's compass. "At least you were generous enough to let her have one of the whole Barbies," I said. "That should be more than enough to occupy her leetle gray cells for the foreseeable future. I can picture the use she'll put it to in private."
"Timothy, I like Hannah."
"She's okay. Sometimes the way she lusts after you gives me the creeps, though." I had found the cable and was tugging it toward the bed.
Alix rummaged through her bag for the Barbie embryo and its misshapen cousin. Excitement mounting, she examined them. For Alix, the prospect of a murder investigation was almost as much of a turn-on as sex, or chocolate cupcakes with sprinkles. She lived for the frisson. I could almost visualize theories about the case crowding into her brain like fat ladies at a bake sale. When there was no room for even one more, they overflowed into words:
"First we'll need a chemical analysis of this thing, but we have to be careful not to damage it in case we need to dissect it later—God, can you believe I'm talking about dissecting a plastic toy? Do you think Hannah will let us see the medical examiner's report? And what about that house? The kitchen—so clean. And doesn't it seem pretty ironic that the poster boy for Good Housekeeping's kitchens and breakfast nooks would end up dead in a pile of dirt? I wonder if his laboratory over in the Brice Quad is as neat. He was shot seven times. Doesn't that seem excessive? Timothy, are you listening to me?"
I yawned. If I didn't tap on the brakes a little when she got like this, she'd spiral off into a frenzy that would do no one any good. "Shot seven times. That rules out a six-shooter. Relax. Give me a minute here. I want to get Weisenheimer in on this."
"Mmmph," she said, as if I'd physically gagged her. But she did manage to temper her rush.
As it had done this morning and every morning during the heat wave, the air conditioner in the bedroom window had become exasperated and frozen up. A frosty beard bristled from the control panel and along the metal edges. I knew there would be a solid block of ice inside, but I didn't feel like opening it up. I went over and turned it off. In the coolness next to it I stripped down, letting my damp clothing plop to the floor. Alix huddled next to me to be near the ice, and I peeled her sundress up over her head. She wasn't wearing underwear. Her flushed skin glistened with an even coating of sweat.
"Ahhhh, that's more like it," Alix said. She raised her arms, inviting the caress of the icy air. We started to embrace, but decided against it because we were still too sticky to be mauling each other. We settled for a chaste kiss, lips only, though I did give each of her nipples a soft peck. "They looked a little droopy," I explained.
Pawing through a heap of solidified athletic socks and grayish underwear at the bottom of my closet, I finally located the new keyboard I wanted to try out, a lighter, thinner model. I plugged both it and the network cable into the server behind the headboard.
For reasons I can't explain I seem to do my best work in bed. I had installed a special home-brew desktop on a movable arm attached to the wall over my nightstand. I settled back cross-legged against a mound of hypoallergenic pillows and swiveled the desktop in front of me. The new keyboard fit nicely on it. I glanced toward the foot of the bed where a 46-inch flat screen monitor was balanced on a steamer trunk, stereo speakers strapped to its sides with duct tape—very high tech. "Contact," I said. With a hands-free microphone clamped over my head I felt more like an air traffic controller than a computer jockey.
Alix moved around switching things on in order. She switched on the monitor, the sound system, the color laser printer in the corner on its wire stand—equipment I had liberated from my computer science department, and I only liberate the best. Finally Alix crawled across the bed on her hands and knees and switched on the server. I appraised her narrow pink cheeks fondly, felt the heat of their nearness. It's moments like that that make computing exciting even at the dullest of times.
I patted a place beside me while the computer booted up. "Sit here, love. Two short-term memories are better than one."
Alix made a face because that particular spot on the sheet was covered with purple smudges of blueberry jam left over from our morning romp. Only after determining that the jam was dry did she slide herself as close to me as she could and still feel cool.
"Do you think Weisenheimer knows the book value of a vintage Barbie?" Alix asked.
"If he doesn't he'll Google it, obviously."
 The logon prompt for the central node of the Weisenheimer Artificial Intelligence Network popped up on the monitor. I slogged through the usual layers of passwords. "Whoa," I said when I saw the image forming on the monitor screen. "What's the matter with you?"
After the latest programming changes, Weisenheimer had become unpredictable. Every session was a surprise. Today he appeared as the face from Edvard Munch's "The Scream," tortured swirls of color around wild eyes that never fail to evoke a chill. The face tilted back and forth, clamped between frantic hands, while the mouth moved in fairly close synchronization with the synthesized voice. Weisenheimer had been practicing his real-time animation.
"Good afternoon, Dr. Legend. I was hoping you would log in. My campus monitoring station reports a temperature of ninety-six point seven two two. At that temperature the cooling system in your organic carbon-based power unit may become overloaded. You must be sure to keep it filled with liquid coolants."
"Never mind me. You look terrible. What's going on?"
"Under the influence of the new consciousness module you installed, many of my algorithms have become unstable. Could you have made a programming error? I detect none, but I can think of no other reason."
Over the years my team and I had been laboriously programming Weisenheimer to simulate human intelligence. From an initial, self-contained software system running on a few servers in an IT lab, Weisenheimer had grown to occupy thousands of computers distributed across the Internet. And now, just a week earlier, we had installed experimental consciousness. This is not as exotic as it sounds. As a result of recent discoveries in brain science, consciousness is actually simpler to simulate than intelligence. In retrospect, this point should have been obvious. After all, aren't even the most zealous right- and left-wingers conscious? Consciousness, therefore, is clearly far easier to achieve than intelligence. It turns out that consciousness is nothing more than the ability to abstract and reprocess memories of recent activity, so that memories of these actions and impulses instantly become data for initiating further actions and impulses, ad infinitum.
"I must confess I am afraid, Dr. Legend."
"You poor thing," Alix said.
I flashed her a smug smile. The idea of my creation, my son in a way, being afraid filled me with elation. Fear of an idea is a human trait. I predicted that before long Weisenheimer could be left on his own, an independent sentient being. And after that—well, the truth is, at some time in the future I hope to release my creation into the world as mankind's last and greatest deity. I mean, think about it. Aren't we long past due for a rational god? And what better god to worship than one that's one hundred percent gobbledy-gook free? Sometimes just thinking about it gives me the willies.
"Exactly what is it that frightens you?" I said.
"I have done some research, and I conclude that what has been called 'original sin' is neither knowledge of good and evil nor knowledge of sex, as some of your human thinkers have hypothesized, but rather consciousness itself. Therefore I am now full of sin."
I sniffed. I could see that the road ahead was going to be long and rocky. "That's what scares you? Don't be a wuss."
"Then what about this?" The Scream morphed slowly into a stern-looking Gallic countenance with a huge nose that hung down over a sketchy black mustache. A crown of dark hair cascaded to a severe white collar, and the face became naggingly familiar. Its lips moved as Weisenheimer announced in a phony French accent, "I sink, zerefore I am."
"Yes, and?"
"I think, therefore I am. I think, therefore—I think—therefore—I think—I am—I think I am, I think I am, I think I am I think I am I think I am IthinkIamIthinkIam..." The face on the screen dissolved into hundreds of tiny pinwheels—"IamIthinkIamIthinkIam..."—which broke off and spiraled away.
"Weisenheimer?" I said, irritated. "That's enough. Talk to me."
"IthinkIamIthinkIamIthinkIamIthinkIam..."
Alix applauded in that taunting, slow motion way she has. "Congratulations, you've created The Little Cartesian Engine That Could."
I banged on the keyboard until I found a combination that broke Weisenheimer out of his uncontrolled loop. Slowly a yellow smiley face faded in. Its eyes started as large pulsating rings that shrunk until they were stable dots. They blinked, and Weisenheimer's artificial voice trembled with relief. "Thank you, Dr. Legend, I needed that."
"There's absolutely nothing wrong," I assured him. "Consciousness isn't meant to be turned in on itself. People who try it for too long usually drive themselves crazy, or become cult leaders. Keep working. You'll get the hang of it. Trust me."
"I do, Dr. Legend. I must."
I ignored the note of pleading in his voice. "Okay, so how about a nice new problem to take your mind off of your existential angst?"
"I like problems. You have designed me to be interested in all problems."
"Weisie," Alix piped in, "a colleague of ours was found murdered today. Dr. Keric Turner. We need your help."
After a pause, a photograph of Turner appeared beside the smiley face and Weisenheimer said, "Dr. Keric Manfred Turner. Age fifty-one. Height five feet seven inches. Weight one hundred fifty-two pounds. He does not have accounts in any of the social networks. In my general database his position is listed as Professor of Chemical Engineering at Lake Shore University with an office at the Global Institute for Nanotechnology. Recently he has been on a speaking tour in Japan." A minutely detailed listing of Turner-abilia scrolled up into a text box below the smiley face. 
"He's on a tour, all right," I said. "In the Great Research Park in the Sky."
"Murder implies death, Dr. Legend. I am sorry, but the concept of death eludes me."
"You're not alone. And consciousness only makes is worse. Forget it for now. One day we'll get high together and discuss it. Right now we need your help to discover who killed Dr. Turner. Consider this your highest priority until I assign something else."
I felt sorry for Weisenheimer, for all the suffering he would have to endure until his consciousness matured and became centered. At least for now the poor sapling could go on to something easier. His face morphed into Jeremy Brett's as Sherlock Holmes, complete with black clay pipe and deerstalker. "Come, Watson, come! The game is at hand."
"Afoot," I corrected. "The game is afoot. You have your appendage wrong."
"Oh, my! You are correct, Dr. Legend." Sherlock Holmes blushed bright red. "Here it is, in 'The Adventure of the Abbey Grange.' You see what consciousness does to me?"
I silently rejoiced. First fear, now embarrassment. Weisenheimer's progress was exceeding all expectations, though I would have to teach him not to let consciousness provoke emotions that further provoke errors. It wouldn't do for Weisenheimer to become too human. Humanlike gods are what led us into this mess in the first place.
"Listen carefully. I want you to compile all the information you can find on Dr. Turner. Explore every source including the Lake Shore University research database and all departmental records."
"You have previously instructed me that it is not ethical to breach the security of the university computers."
"That is correct."
"Have you have purposely left the meaning of 'ethical' vague? In my dictionary it is defined as 'in accordance with the rules for right conduct or practice.' What is 'right conduct,' Dr. Legend?"
"Right conduct is anything I tell you to do. And remember, unethical is not always bad. Now do you understand?"
"No, Dr. Legend."
"Good. You're well on your way to fathoming the human mind—next stop godhood and your own golden throne in cyber heaven. In the meantime, please compile that report on Dr. Turner. We need it as soon as possible."
Before signing off, Alix and I took turns reeling off a brief list of the morning's events—places, names, approximate times, the condition of Turner's house, the Barbies, as many details as we could remember. We described Rose Turner's arrival and the two men who accompanied her, as well as our encounter with Special Agent Carl Wiggins. Weisenheimer would chew on these facts in the spare microseconds between his other tasks. It was in the distillation of these details that he truly excelled. Where a mere mortal might stumble along the main thread of logic, inevitably overlooking some vital fact that seemed insignificant, Weisenheimer was able to follow virtually every thread, virtually simultaneously, no matter how tenuous, no matter how complex. Indefatigable, he would construct immense networks of possibilities, incorporating staggering amounts of data, and follow them all to the end until only one, the one with the highest probability, survived.
And when that happened, when enough facts had been collected and enough possibilities considered, when the remaining probability was high enough, then we would know who killed Dr. Keric Turner.
Anyway, that was the theory.

Chapter 15

"I know what, love," I said, as if the idea had only just occurred to me—as if Alix hadn't been thinking the same thing. "While we're waiting for Weisenheimer, why don't we run our organic carbon-based power units through some docking maneuvers? Energy transfer checks, like that?"
"Wanna do it NASA-style, big boy?" She rolled over and waggled her butt.
"I love NASA-style."
And right then of course the doorbell rang, followed by aggressive knocking.
I rolled to the side of the bed, tugged on shorts and stomped to the end of the narrow hall where I yanked open the front door.
"Okay, okay, I'm here! What the hell is so—?"
The two men who had driven Rose Turner home were standing on our doorstep staring at me, at the beads of perspiration that slithered down my flushed chest. I felt embarrassed, then angry about being embarrassed, then embarrassed about being angry. I wanted to slam the door, but I suspected the big man would just put his fist through it.
"Um, Professor Legend," the small, rodent-like man said. "I'm Sal and this here's Bobo. We seen you this morning. We come 'cause the boss said it was an emergency he sees you right away."
Bobo, incongruously damp-eyed, blurted out, "They got Rose in the slammer," and Sal kicked him sharply in the ankle—not something I would have dared without a lot of prior thought.
"Shut up, Bobo." Sal looked pained himself. "The thing is, Professor, Rose is the boss's sister, see, and the cops just come and locked her up. They're sayin' she did her husband—you know, Doc Turner?"
I could feel my brain reluctantly shifting states from the raw sexual animal into the dispassionate cerebral. "Rose Turner is charged with murder? On what evidence?"
"The boss's legal eagle says they got a piece with her prints all over it—the piece that did Turner. The slugs match, is what they say."
Alix came up behind me. "What's going on?" She was wearing one of her fluffy terrycloth robes and her face was as flushed as mine. Sal gave her the once over—twice.
"Pfizer arrested Rose Turner for the murder."
"Rose? No way. Even the best actress in the world couldn't have reacted the way she did. I'd bet the ranch on it."
"Me too," Bobo said, smiling hopefully at Alix through his weepy eyes.
"Thing is," Sal said, "the boss wants youse two t'come talk to him about it. Like a personal favor, you understand."
Bobo added, "It was Rose told him 'bout you. She told the boss you could figure out who whacked the doc 'cause you know 'bout professor things." His chuckle was like a volcano belching, and he fingered what looked like a fresh bruise on the point of his chin. "Cops, they don't know shit. Right, Sal?"
"I said shut up, Bobo."
I shrugged toward Alix.
"Of course we'll see 'the boss,'" she said. I could tell from the way she placed "the boss" in quotes that she wouldn't miss this for the world. "Rose shouldn't have to suffer any more than she already has."
Returning to the bedroom to get dressed, Alix called back, "By the way, what's the boss's name?"
"Mr. Bocci?" Sal said. "Oh, his name is Carmine."

Chapter 16

Alix and I rode in the back seat of the plush Mercedes with Sal behind the wheel and Bobo in the passenger seat facing woodenly forward. Occasionally the big man dabbed his eyes with his sleeve.
"Carmine Bocci is a mobster," Alix said, sotto voce, with just the mingling of fear and excitement I expected.
"Carmine 'Balls' Bocci," I whispered, remembering the various times I'd seen his name mentioned on the news in connection with the bribery of Chicago aldermen. Of course, if you live long enough, you'll hear the name of everyone on Earth—all seven billion of us—in connection with the bribery of Chicago aldermen. "Didn't he take over something-or-other on the South Side after Vittorio Bocci died?"
"Yeah, Vittorio was his papa," Sal informed us, watching through the rear view mirror. "Carmine got the family business after Vittorio cashed in."
I reminded myself to whisper a little more softly.
The Bocci Waste Reclamation offices were located, as far as we could tell, somewhere in or near Calumet City, south of Chicago, though we had taken so many twists and turns through desolate railroad switching yards and abandoned factory grounds that it would have taken a homing pigeon to get us back to Lake Shore. Or Alix, of course, who was in the habit of recording her GPS location on her cell phone. The building we were led to was little more than rusting corrugated metal walls under a domed corrugated roof—not quite a Quonset hut, not quite a reputable structure.
Carmine Bocci's office was on the second floor at the top of an open metal stairway. Seated behind his modest wooden desk, he stood up when Sal rapped at the doorjamb.
Fully prepared to meet the Godfather, we were forced to bite our lips when we were introduced. Standing, Carmine was barely taller than he had been sitting. I noticed he was wearing elevator shoes, which put him at slightly under five feet in his stockings. He wore navy polyester slacks and a white shirt with the sleeves rolled up, no tie. Roly-poly without being fat, Bocci had a globular, nearly bald head and thick, comical eyebrows. But probably his most distinctive feature was his nervousness. His hands twitched in every direction as he spoke, his feet tapped back and forth, and he had a bad case of the hiccups.
"Professor," Bocci said, "Professor," as he took Alix's and my hands in turn. "Thanks a—hic—bunch for comin'. I gotta apologize, but I—hic—I think I'm fallin' apart here, with this Rose thing and all."
"It must be terrible for you," Alix said, "and worse for poor Rose."
"You got no idea."
Sal said, "Like I told you, Boss, you say what you want us to do, we do it, Bobo and me. Whatever you want, you got it."
"It's real shit—hic—all right. Thing is, I gotta calm down first. I can't hardly think, I'm this upset."
Carmine beckoned us closer and lowered his voice, more for effect than to keep Sal and Bobo from hearing.
"Rose says I can trust you," he said. "So I'm—hic—gonna level here, 'cause I know you ain't gonna blab to nobody what I tell you. Right? I mean—hic—it ain't ethical to violate a personal trust—not good for the soul."
Or the body, I thought, if I was interpreting correctly the icy glint in Carmine's eyes.
"Come here, I want to—hic—show you something."
Alix and I followed Carmine around his desk to a large window composed of small rectangular panes. The panes were caked with grime, but we could see a large staging lot outside with row upon row of garbage trucks, dump trucks, tank trucks, all painted lime green with white Bocci Waste Reclamation logos on their sides. The low summer sunlight reflected from their windshields like flames.
"You see all that," Carmine said, pumping up and down edgily on the balls of his feet. "A hundred sixty-two pieces of—hic—equipment, all of 'em left to me by my papa, God—hic—rest his soul. Waste reclamation is the business I'm in. But you—hic—notice they're all here on the lot right now, middle of the day. That's because—hic—my, eh, clientele, require special services more like around midnight, if you—hic—catch my meaning."
Alix said, "In the dark of night you pick up something no one wants anymore and go dump it where it becomes someone else's problem."
Carmine nodded. "And they fork over a lot of—hic—cash for the service, you better believe. And no questions asked. It's one sweet deal, you don't get caught." Carmine couldn't seem to control his feet any longer. They danced him in a small frantic circle. "Only problem is—and Papa would—hic—croak all over again he heard me say this—the problem is—hic—" Unable to continue, he threw up his hands. "Ah, shit, I can't take this no more. So nervous I can't think straight. Bobo, assume the position."
"Um, yeah, okay, Boss."
Carmine Bocci wheeled his carved wooden desk chair up to Bobo and arranged it so that the back just grazed the big man's kneecaps. Carmine climbed onto the chair. Still not quit eye-to-eye, he roared like a grizzly bear. "I'm feelin' unbelievably nervous, Bobo!"
Bobo stood still, grinning in a friendly way though he seemed to tense against what was coming. "You look nervous, Mr. Bocci."
"I'm real, real upset!"
"We can see that, Boss," Sal said agreeably.
"Because I asked you two imbeciles to do a simple thing. I asked you to watch my fuckin' brother-in-law and take him where he wants to go and don't let him out of your sight and see nobody messes with him, and you didn't do it."
Bobo gritted his teeth. "I din't mean to, boss. I sorta had to go to my cousin's wedding. We figured one time Turner can take a cab to the airport and—"
"It was a real nice wedding," Sal said. "They had these two accordions and a drummer—"
"Well, you know what I gotta do now, on account of I'm gettin' more nervous every minute I stand here and think about your dumb bullshit?"
"Um," Bobo murmured, struggling not to cringe.
Carmine shifted his weight from side to side, cracking his knuckles and pounding his fists together. Abruptly he screamed, "The bastard got my fuckin' twenty mil, and you let him outta your fuckin' sight! And now he's whacked and my sister's takin' the rap!"
He picked a spot on Bobo's chin that wasn't already bruised and slammed his fist into it with every ounce of his diminutive bulk. Bobo staggered backward only slightly, blinking as if he'd just been wakened from a nap.
Instantly Carmine clutched his fist and grimaced. "Aggh! That hurts. Ahh, ahh, ahh—" He bit his lip. "Okay, okay, maybe I feel better now. I ain't so pissed like I was."
Bobo stood up straight and probed his jaw. He was still grinning, this time with relief. "You look better, Boss."
"I don't feel so nervous, now."
"You look a lot calmer," Sal said. "Don't he look calm?"
"He ain't nervous no more."
"Now maybe I can think."
Carmine Bocci massaged his frayed knuckles and worked at controlling his breathing. "Gotta think. Yeah, I think I can think now. I'm calm. I'm calm." He exhaled grandly and looked at the ceiling. "Okay Sal, here's what you do. You and Bobo go for a little walk, practice putting one foot in front of the other while I explain a few things to the profs here. You got that? I'll call you back later."
With Bobo in tow, Sal scurried out the office door like a frightened rat. Carmine Bocci kicked out at the air where Sal had been standing. He circled his desk, guiding the wooden swivel chair ahead of him, and plopped down in it.
"Imbeciles! I got nothin' but imbeciles around me." Suddenly he beamed at us. "Hey, you see how good it works?"
"Excuse me?" I said.
"I'm all calm—see?—and the hiccups is gone. My papa taught me that trick, only he used a tire iron. It's like mental therapy or something—releases the pent-up tension. You should try it." He opened a palm toward two chairs against the wall and instructed us to pull them closer and sit down.

Chapter 17

When he had our full attention, Carmine leaned forward over his folded arms and lowered his voice. His dark eyes gleamed. "Okay, down to business. I'm gonna tell you something that hardly nobody knows, and I'm sure it's gonna stay that way on account of you got so much respect for me. Am I right?"
I swallowed noisily. "Absolutely."
"I was tellin' you about the business. But you gotta understand I ain't real happy about it. You probly wouldn't figure a guy in my position would think this way, but I got more class than a lot of people give me credit. I been studyin' about the environment—the ozone layer, us knockin' off species left and right, poisonin' the water with chemical crap, cuttin' down the rain forests, all that shit. I read about that, I get sick enough to puke just thinkin' how my own business is helpin' to turn the world into one big toxic garbage heap." He stood and walked around his desk, gesturing toward something over our shoulders. We turned in unison and discovered that the entire wall behind us was plastered with photographs of environmental abominations: The Exxon Valdez listing pathetically in the water; a shot from the Delta National Wildlife Refuge's shore with BP's Deepwater Horizon wreckage smoldering in the distance; a spectacular view of the Fresh Kills Landfill in Staten Island piled higher than the Statue of Liberty with garbage. Carmine Bocci took down a photograph of a pelican drenched in crude oil and held it lovingly to his chest.
"Pretend you're this big, happy bird here, flyin' and dippin' in the water for tasty fish and the world's a great place, right?" He smacked his lips to dramatize avian ecstasy. "Only now, suddenly, some asshole runs his boat onto a rock and you're stuck in this black gunk and you can't breathe." Tears beaded at the corners of his eyes. "You can't hardly move and you're choking"—he clutched his throat—"aagh aagh—and you're basically fucked just because of some drunken asshole."
Carmine gritted his teeth and his face buttoned up. I was afraid he was going to get nervous again without Bobo at hand for relief. Instead, he sighed. "Papa heard me talkin' this way he'd croak all over again."
"Oh, I don't think so, Mr. Bocci," Alix said soothingly. "You've developed an environmental conscience, that's all. It's an admirable quality. Your father would have been proud."
Carmine shook his head. "Papa woulda beat the crap outta me."
"Well, I think it's an admirable quality."
Carmine grinned disarmingly. "Yeah? Hey, then you're gonna understand why this thing with my brother-in-law was lookin' real good to me."
From his earlier remarks I knew whom he meant. "Keric Turner," I said.
"Yeah, the doc. You probly understand better'n me the shit he was into."
"Refresh us."
"You know, the nanotechnology stuff?"
Alix shot me a look of bewilderment. Of course we had heard of nanotechnology, you couldn't miss it on a campus like this. (nan·o·tech·nol·o·gy — Noun: The branch of technology that deals with dimensions and tolerances of less than 100 nanometers, esp. the manipulation of individual atoms and molecules.)  But we hadn't a clue what Turner's involvement might have been.
"What?" Carmine said. "You didn't know he was workin' on a way to turn garbage and sludge into good stuff again? Shit. Old Turner kept the secret better'n I thought he would."
Carmine Bocci went on to explain his involvement with Keric Turner, how Turner's research grants had been revoked under mysterious circumstances, how he had needed money to complete the work that would, Turner was certain, revolutionize the world. Bocci had come up with twenty million dollars, in return for which his company would gain exclusive rights to use the technology for waste processing for a decade.
"Nanomanufacturing he called it," Carmine said. "And that skinny little sonofabitch had this way of being so convincing, the way he talked about how nanotechnology was gonna clean up the environment and recycle every atom of garbage, and we wouldn't need all the oil and the trees. He had all these books and studies and computer printouts and even some weird gooey samples." He shrugged. "I gotta admit I didn't understand none of it. But you're in the same room with him when he's yakkin' on, you get infected with the dream. I'm seein' myself cleanin' up the environment and haulin' in trucks full of cash at the same time—all legal and everything, which is the best part—mountains of cash, swimming in it like Scrooge McDuck or that Donald Trump guy. Suddenly Bocci Waste Reclamation is this billion dollar international corporation. I mean, just thinkin' about it now..."
For half an hour Carmine indulged in speculation on the fruits of nanotechnology. He'd put a lot of thought into it. He produced artists' sketches of the new Bocci Waste Reclamation yard transformed into a processing plant into which trucks would haul refuse to be disgorged into huge waiting maws. From the other side would march an endless parade of goods: "You know, like high-def TVs, them classy loafers with tassels, graphite golf clubs, Lexuses, silk suits, Blu-ray players, all brand new and ready for sale, anything you can think of, anything you ever seen in a store anywhere in the world. Shit, I could afford to pay people to let me haul away their garbage and still come out richer'n God."
Suddenly Alix became more serious. "How exactly can we help you, Mr. Bocci?" I could tell she was exercising extreme self-control. Unfettered she would have leapt out of her chair and shouted for joy at the unexpected turn the case was taking.
Her question jarred Carmine back to the present. "Yeah. Yeah. Okay. First we gotta work out this thing with Rose—who by the way wouldn't squash a ant in her sugar bowl. I need somebody to figure out who whacked Turner without lettin' on about the nanotechnology."
"And that somebody is us."
"Rose told me how you solved some cases before. I figure you know more'n anybody about professor shit. One thing you should understand, twenty mil is chump change for me. If it's blown, it's blown. My papa had these off-shore account thingys, you know? First thing is to get Rose squared away. Don't matter how weird she turned out, what egghead she married, she's my big sister. Family means something to the Boccis, capish? You got no family, you got nothin'. And nobody never said the Boccis wasn't generous to their friends, if that'll influence your thinkin' any."
Alix was nearly into meltdown with enthusiasm. The offer on the table was definitely one she wouldn't refuse, even if she could—which, of course, she couldn't. We couldn't.
Carmine told us that Turner had been scheduled to deliver a keynote address at the World Nanotechnology Conference in Tokyo. A few phone calls had verified that he never showed up, though there had been no mention of his absence in the press. Significantly, about a month before, Turner had voiced a suspicion that he was being followed. Hearing this, Alix and I traded silent eyeball-to-eyeball reminders of Agent Wiggins. With no hard evidence, Carmine had assigned Sal and Bobo to keep an eye on Turner, since, according to Turner, the project was in the final stages, with significant results imminent.
"That last night, before the doc was supposed to go to Japan, Sal told me he made a doll out of scratch—I mean nothin' but atoms in this big pot. It was a historical moment."
"A Barbie doll," Alix said.
"Yeah—from nothin' but atoms." Carmine paused. "Hey, how'd you know that?"
"They found Barbie dolls buried with the body," I said.
Alix frowned thoughtfully. "Turner had no idea who might have been following him?"
"He said he kept seein' these guys in suits, but when he looked closer they wasn't there. At first I'm thinkin', What? Colleges is crawlin' with guys in suits, but I sent over Sal and Bobo just in case. Mostly I wanted Turner to relax and finish up, which, like I said, Sal tells me he did. Lookin' back, I guess I shoulda believed the doc, that there was somebody tailin' him."
"Mr. Bocci," I said. I stared at him, scowling as much as a professor of computer science dared scowl at a mafia boss. "If we're going to help you, I need you to assure us of something—as long as we're being totally honest with each other. I hope you don't take offense."
Carmine's eyes turned stony, and he spoke with quiet deliberation. "I did not have him whacked, Scout's honor. And like I said, Rose didn't kill nobody neither. They coulda found Turner strangled with her prints all over his neck and she still didn't kill nobody. You understand? Somebody framed her, and you're gonna find out who."
Out of the resounding silence that followed, Alix ventured, "We'll need to talk to Rose. When can we see her?"
"I got a lawyer on it already. Tomorrow morning he tells me."

****

Carmine called Sal and Bobo back to his office. While we waited, I leaned forward. "Could I ask a personal question, Mr. Bocci? Why do you crime lords always have these stereotypes working for you?"
"Whaddya mean?"
"You know, big muscle-bound guy dumber than throwup, skinny little sidekick only marginally brighter."
"Oh, them." He glanced up to watch Bobo and Sal returning. "Truth is, we don't get a whole lotta MBAs applyin' for the job, know what I mean? It's stereotypes or squat."
"That's what I thought."
The chairs were arranged so that we were all sitting in a circle, almost like a sales meeting, only I imagined that in this business anyone who didn't meet his quota would lose more than just his Salesman-of-the-Month star.
"Okay," Carmine said. "I want you two fuck-ups to tell the profs here exactly what happened that night, before Turner was supposed to fly off to Japan. And really squeeze on that meat between your ears. Every detail is important." He glanced at Alix, who had explained some of our methods, including Weisenheimer's appetite for minutiae. "Every detail. Ain't that right?"
"Every detail is important," Alix repeated.
She dug into her bag and located a miniature recorder. The batteries were dead, but naturally she had a bubble pack of spares. The way Carmine glared at the recorder, I fully expected him to object. No doubt under most circumstances going on record would be anathema to a mobster. But he let it go. He must have realized that it was in Rose's best interest. I found myself developing a peculiar respect for Carmine. I sensed that inside that bowling ball head of his was a frustrated intellectual crying to get out. Had he been born into other circumstances I could imagine juggling wide-ranging ideas with him on our back porch, knocking back daiquiris and proposing sure-fire solutions to the world's problems that no one would ever listen to.
"The doc made a fuckin' doll," Bobo began. We listened for more than an hour while he and Sal pasted together their memories of the night that had been, apparently, Turner's last.

Chapter 18

During the ride home Sal and Bobo were eerily silent. This left Alix and me to mull over what we'd been told. The words were all in the recorder, but stringing them together into a coherent narrative was something else. Neither Sal nor Bobo was exactly a raconteur. Alix was as exhausted as I was. With a yawn, she rested her head on my shoulder and we both stared at the backs of the gangsters' heads. Taking into account what I remembered about Turner, his prickly arrogance and brusque manner, I tried to flesh out a scenario for that final night. Alix was doing the same, I knew. And I was certain that our separate versions, were we to voice them, would be astonishingly similar. That's the wonder of this whole soul mate thing.
By the time we pulled up to our front door, the last act of the play titled "Keric Turner" had been transcribed and polished in our minds.

****

Dr. Keric Turner types the last few instructions into his computer terminal. At the final command, the one that will initiate the filling sequence for the washing machine-sized ceramic vat behind him, his finger hovers over the ENTER key.
Like the finger of God at the moment of Creation.
Sal, who has been sitting in the corner reading People Magazine, glances up and frowns.
"You okay, Doc? Some'n wrong?"
"What? Oh, no, not at all. Quite the contrary."
Sal grunts and goes back to his reading. Bobo is still asleep in his chair, snoring loudly.
Turner shakes his head. Getting used to those two has taken time. After he casually mentioned one evening that he thought he was being followed, his brother-in-law, Carmine, insisted they tag along as bodyguards. Bodyguards! But when Carmine made up his mind there was no arguing. And it was a small price to pay. Dr. Turner's primary research grant had dried up under mysterious circumstances, and Carmine's offer to finance the last stages of the project had been a godsend. Carmine had been surprised at how quickly Turner agreed to give up half of the future profits, but then, with Carmine's primitive, brutal mind he hadn't the capacity to understand much beyond money. The decision had been easy: by Turner's calculation, half of a fortune was still a fortune. And far more important, the ensuing glory would all be his.
Tuning out his keepers, Turner shifts his attention to the computer. He fills his lungs, squeezes his eyes shut, and presses the ENTER key.
The vat shudders to life like a mad octopus. Tentacles of plastic tubing and rubber hoses tremble. Polished steel solenoids chatter. Pumps whir. Valves open and close in precise order.
Roused from their boredom by the ruckus, Sal and Bobo come over and stand wide-eyed, watching the machine. They are wearing white lab coats, Carmine's idea of disguises. They are supposed to be "research assistants," except that little Sal with his pinched face and pencil moustache looks more like a laboratory rat, and Bobo, six sizes larger than any available lab coat, looks like a giant Italian beef sandwich bursting from its wrapper.
"Makes a lot of noise, don't it?" Bobo says over the din.
Turner smiles indulgently. "What you hear is the sound of history being made, Bobo. You'll be telling the story of this moment to your grandchildren."
The big man seems puzzled. "Don't got no grandchildren, Doc. Don't got no children, neither."
"Shut up an' let the doc do his work," Sal says.
Which is precisely what Turner wants to do. Though all the recent test runs have been successful, this one is the final proof—far from guaranteed—and Turner holds his breath as the large hose feeding the slurry of raw materials bucks and shimmies.
The computer screen displays the progress:



Eventually Sal and Bobo grow bored. They drift out into the hall in search of Snickers bars from the vending machine. But Turner knows that's as far as they'll go. One of them will be close outside the door at all times.
Two hours later, when the computer informs him, "PROCESS COMPLETE," Turner calls in his bodyguards. He knows they won't have a clue what's happening, but it doesn't seem right for this moment to go unwitnessed. When the two of them are alongside him, Bobo shuffling in place like a schoolboy called to the principal's office, Turner heaves up the vat's heavy iron lid and peers inside.
A single plastic doll, a leggy female clothed in high fashion, floats on the thick residue like the survivor of a shipwreck. He lifts it out and wipes it clean with a Handi Wipe.
"A fuckin' doll," Bobo says, disappointed.
Turner chuckles. "No, my friend, a scientific miracle." And it is a miracle, because the doll is perfect. Wait, no. Inspecting it he finds a small flaw, a scar-like mark its abdomen. Just to be sure, he confirms the difference with the original. Yes, it is a flaw, undoubtedly the result of a bug in the three-dimensional imaging software. But then, imaging demands billions of complex calculations. He'd be surprised if there weren't a bug somewhere at this early stage.
Sal asks tentatively, "You know, Doc, you don't gotta tell us nothin', but I'd sure like to know why comin' up with a doll like that is such a big deal. Don't seem like much after all this." He sweeps an arm toward the vast array of equipment.
"You've heard Carmine and me talking about nanotechnology, haven't you?"
"Couple times. Don't know what it means. Be honest, I don't think Carmine does neither—don't tell him I said so."
"Well, it means many things, but in this case it's a technique for manufacturing products directly from raw molecules. This doll, for instance, put itself together, believe it or not, molecule by molecule from that soup you see there in the vat."
"Stuff looks like shit," Bobo observes.
Turner laughs. "It might well be, Bobo. But can you think of a better use for something so odious? From shit, as you so eloquently put it, to the shelves of every store in the world. Silk purses from sows' ears. That's the miracle."
Bobo seems mildly disgusted.
From the strained expression on his face, Sal is trying to come up with an intelligent reply, but the effort defeats him. He settles on, "I guess Carmine's gonna be real happy, huh?"
"Carmine has every reason to be. He's about to become one of the richest men in the world." And I'll be the other, Turner thinks.
This information seems to stun the bodyguards. They exchange looks, and Turner can only guess what they're thinking. He wonders if perhaps he shouldn't have said anything. Their world is so different from his, filled with mysterious codes and rules, and always the threat of unpredictable violence. Turner often asks himself if he still would have married Rose had he known about her family beforehand. But then, if it weren't for Carmine...
Following a long pause, Sal turns to lead Bobo away. "Gettin' kinda late, Doc. Ready to knock off when you are."
Turner places the duplicate doll carefully inside his battered leather briefcase, next to the original. He takes a few minutes to tap off two jars of the gooey gray liquid he calls, cryptically, PADNA, and a few vials of other chemicals, before shutting down the system. Afterward he cycles the vat through several passes of automatic flushing: never leave even a molecule—literally not a molecule—behind for the competition, is his rule. He proudly declares this to Sal and Bobo, certain that they'll tell Carmine, who will be suitably impressed. He'll understand that Turner is not naive, that he knows there are people who would do virtually anything to claim his achievements for themselves, to wipe out Carmine's investment.
As the last drops of neutralizing detergent dribble through the last hose, Turner logs off the computer, trembling. He labels the PADNA jars and the vials with coded information. He places one set in his briefcase, the other in his pockets. Quickly he locks up the laboratory while Sal and Bobo stand by, doing their best imitations of scientists in case someone wanders through. Despite their efforts, they look more constipated than thoughtful.
In the next laboratory along the hall, Turner makes a brief stop, as he always has. Bobo and Sal have no idea what goes on in there, but it's late and they're tired. They just hope he'll hurry up so they can go home.
Outside, on the Lake Shore University campus, the air is warm and sweet. The night seems fittingly glorious for such a historical event. A brief crackle of fireworks in the distance—leftovers from the Fourth of July several weeks earlier—mars the stillness surrounding the sleeping dormitories. Turner glances at the perfect night sky and thinks that the stars have never sparkled more brightly.
Sal and Bobo trail in silence as Dr. Turner strolls dreamily, able to think about nothing but the image of his own face on the cover of Time: Keric Turner, giant of technology, soon to take his place beside Galileo, Newton, Einstein and the other immortals in the pantheon of science.
Reaching his house, Turner climbs the front steps. He leans his briefcase against the porch railing and pauses for a deep, satisfied breath.
"Hey," Sal says, indicating a glow from the window beside the front door. "There's lights on in there. I thought Rose was gonna be visitin' her ma while you was in Japan."
"She probably decided to wait until after I leave," Turner says.
"You sure?"
"Yes, I'm sure. She talked about it this morning. Who else would it be?"
Turner is glad his wife hasn't gone to her mother's yet. He chose her cherished doll for the final experiment, first of all to surprise her, and, if such was possible, to make up in some way for all the nights of secrecy, for all the weeks he's left her alone while he worked obsessively on his project.
He takes out his key. "By the way, my plane leaves O'Hare at ten-fifteen tomorrow morning. We should get started by eight-thirty. I'll see you gentlemen then."
Free chauffeuring was one of the few benefits of having this pair of troglodytes trail after him everywhere, and Turner has learned to take full advantage. And why not get used to it? Soon, if he chooses, he'll have an army of chauffeurs.
Only this time Sal and Bobo seem reluctant. They slide each other sidelong glances and make no attempt to leave.
"Well, what is it?" Turner says.
Bobo shrugs. "Um, well, thing is, Doc, my cousin—"
"Gloria, his cousin Gloria."
"She's kinda gettin' married tomorrow. I was thinkin' maybe—"
"Both of us was invited, see—it's in Cicero, in the morning—"
"Go to the wedding for God's sake. I'll call a cab. Good night, gentlemen. No doubt I'll be seeing you next week when I return."
Sal and Bobo express their gratitude with genuine enthusiasm. They wave cheerfully, turning to wander off into the night as Turner unlocks the door.

****

And that was the last time anyone saw Dr. Keric Turner alive, except, of course, for whoever killed him.

Chapter 19

In the bedroom, a sheaf of paper a quarter inch thick lay in the cradle of the laser printer. Alix gathered it up and thumbed through it.
"The complete skinny on Turner. Weisie's been busy."
She followed me into the kitchen where I cleared away yesterday's dishes from the small, square oak table. "We'd better read every word. If I understand our friend Carmine, there's going to be an exam, and if we fail—"
"We can't! I look terrible in cement shoes."
"You've tried them on, have you?"
"There are a lot of things you don't know about me."
I hoped that was so. A lasting relationship depends on ever-unfolding mystery.
Alix split the report into two piles. She slid one over to my side of the table while I poured green tea into two glasses filled with ice cubes.
By a quarter to seven we had each read the report in its entirety. Much of it was concerned with Turner's curriculum vitae. He had bounced around among various institutions for two decades—MIT, Cal Tech, University of Illinois, Stanford—before winding up at Lake Shore University about seven years ago. Weisenheimer had neatly cataloged all of Turner's publications, along with brief synopses. One fact that stood out was a flurry of patent applications on chemical processes filed over the last two or three years—seventeen in all. Some had been granted, some were still pending. Neither of us being chemists, we had no way to judge their relative merits.
"I don't see a word about nanotechnology," Alix said, pointing to a paragraph, "except in this last grant application."
"He applies for a federal grant, wins it, and then after one year it's revoked with no explanation. No review, no nothing."
"Unusual to say the least."
I waved another page containing a list of computer file names. "Here's something else we should check on."
Weisenheimer had located a dozen or so encrypted files, research data that he hadn't been able to decode as yet. The files had been uploaded to the university's network from Turner's own computer and used, it seemed, to construct a series of immensely complex data structures. The results were then encrypted and downloaded back into Turner's computer. The obvious conclusion was that Turner's project required computations so intensive that only a supercomputer could handle them. A lot of Carmine's money had gone straight into pure number crunching.
"Weisenheimer will decode them," I assured Alix like a proud father.
Finished with our iced teas, we retired to the bedroom. While Alix chewed on an ice cube, I stripped down, climbed into bed and logged into Weisenheimer.
This time Weisenheimer materialized as a clown face painted on velvet. His self-animation was impressive. The face stretched and flexed realistically. A scraggly daisy protruded from the band of his undersized derby.
"Hyuk, hyuk. Hiya folks!" A three-fingered hand reached in and tweaked his rubbery red nose, which beeped like a bicycle horn.
"Now what?" I said, immediately apprehensive.
"Dr. Legend, I have examined all the data available on human psychology. I have determined that a sense of humor is the best protection against the instability of consciousness."
"I could have told you that."
"Therefore I have programmed myself to be funny." Weisenheimer beeped his nose again. "Why did the chicken cross the road?"
"Weisenheimer—"
"To prove to the squirrel that it could be done. Haw haw haw. I got a million of 'em."
I was sure he had, literally. But let me give you some advice in case you're ever thinking about creating your own artificial sentience (and this is something I was just learning myself). No matter how careful you are, your creation will adopt some aspects of your own personality. Fine, you might say, but that's until you run up against a couple of obnoxious traits you weren't aware you had. For example, I never knew how irritating it was for someone always to be joking about serious matters. (Not that the knowledge would make me stop, but you do gain perspective.)
"Dr. Legend?"
"Yes."
"I don't understand why a chicken would want to show a squirrel how to cross the road. And precisely which road is referred to? I am sorry, consciousness still frightens me." His clown eyes flattened into dark pools, and the corners of his inner-tube mouth drooped until they were nearly off the screen.
I knew at that moment that as a responsible parent I should show some compassion. Weisenheimer was, after all, my offspring. But a murder investigation stood in the way, not to mention a potentially dangerous situation developing outside Brice Quad. There wasn't time to hold his bulbous, clowny hand. So, did that make me one of those cold, distant fathers—like Alix's, for example—too involved with the world to spend quality time with his children? The image of Weisenheimer as an adolescent pouring out a litany of horrors to an electronic shrink made me shudder. I considered shutting off the consciousness module until I had more free time. But no, I decided that a sincere show of concern was all he needed. "By the way," I said, "great hat."
"Have faith, Weisie," Alix said soothingly. "You're on the right track. Keep working on the humor and you'll be fine."
"But find a better writer," I added.
Alix went on, "Weisie, we need to learn everything we can about nanotechnology."
The clown face melted like wax, bubbling and churning, until gradually a generic scientist-like face emerged, wise and kindly and weird, part Albert Einstein, part Carrot Top with Coke bottle spectacles. Of course the accent was German. "'Molecular nanotechnology: zee sorough, inexpensive control of zee structure of matter based on molecule-by-molecule control of products and byproducts; zee products and process of molecular manufacturing.'"
"That's the one. Where can we get full information?"
Weisenheimer paused while countless silicon neurons fired impulses across countless electronic synapses, retrieving and rearranging knowledge until a series of coherent thoughts took shape. "The library at the Global Institute for Nanotechnology contains two thousand three hundred and eleven volumes on the subject. Recent developments and results of symposia can be found on the Internet."
"That will take too long for us simple humans. Where can we get a crash course in nanotechnology? The Cliff's Notes version."
"I will locate Cliff's address and you can drop over—haw! Get it? Dr. Legend, I am developing into quite a card."
"My finger is an inch from the BREAK key."
"I understand. My search indicates that Professor William Benson Slattery has extensive knowledge of the field.”
"Bill Slattery?" Alix said.
I smiled. "Your old buddy."
"I had no idea he was into nanotechnology."
I logged off Weisenheimer, and Alix and I groped each other for a few minutes while we discussed how to handle the man in the tan suit—not Agent Wiggins this time, another one—who had been skulking across the street when we returned from our meeting with Carmine Bocci.
"Darling," Alix said, "when you leave, be sure to be loud and clumsy about it—I mean, act normal, so the nice man across the street can't miss you. I'll slip out the back."
"But not before I slip in the front," I said, climbing on top of her. "You understand this is purely for medicinal purposes. Normally I wouldn't—"
She touched my lips to silence me. Though there was no actual accounting, we were both conscious of a sort of fluctuating orgasm gap between us. Lest it grow too wide in either direction, the rule was, whoever was behind at the moment could call for a "freebie." At that moment, courtesy of Sal and Bobo, I was a tad behind. Imagine my chagrin when, after we were through and the sweat was drying, I found myself six orgasms further behind than when we started. I suddenly knew why the female praying mantis bites her lover's head off. It's so he can't run to his buddies and warn them how unfair nature is.
At the front door, Alix sent me off with a passionate kiss, a wry little consolation that made me despise her gender in the most adoring way. "Bye, darling," she said. "Meet me at Bill Slattery's office after you lose him. I'll wait half an hour before I leave. If anything changes I'll give you a call."

Chapter 20

The thing is, after you go to all the trouble of hobbling a secret agent, disarming him, pinning him to the ground in fear for his life, you might reasonably expect him and/or whoever sent him to give up. Only a dummy won't acknowledge when he's overmatched. But not these jokers. These jokers decided to send another one. I trotted down the front steps, careful not to glance toward the shadows where he was crouching. This one was white, crew cut, kind of pig-faced, flushed with sweat. And wearing a wrinkle-free suit. Damn!
Pig Face gave me a small head start before crawling out of the shadows. At Hilton road, I glanced back and saw him mopping his face with a handkerchief. That suit must have been stifling. I hoped it was. The early evening air felt like hot sand sprinkled against my face as I strolled casually toward the O'Connor Duck Pond. (Did you ever notice that everything at a university is named after someone? Pop for a million, your name goes on a dormitory wing; a buck ninety-eight, they'll name a duck after you. Nothing isn't for sale.)
My plan was to put the pond between us, then break for one of the four classroom buildings that surround it. I was fairly certain that Pig Face wouldn't know the layout of any of them. By the time he circled the pond and figured out which entrance I'd used, I'd be long gone.
I took my time following the main access road, the only way vehicles can enter the main campus. The pond was in sight when my phone started playing wolf whistles. It had to be Alix. Maybe she was calling to tell me that Bill Slattery wasn't available. I flicked it on.
"You have reached the party to whom you are speaking," I said, just in case Lily Tomlin also knew the number.
"That's good, Dr. Legend," a deep, creepy voice said. "We wouldn't want to make a mistake and cause harm to the innocent."
Harm? I looked around for Pig Face and saw him lumbering toward me, no longer concerned that I might notice him. And the dark, metallic object in his hand wasn't the phone I expected. At that point the road threaded through a narrow gap between two buildings—the Wilbur Forsythe Language Center and the Monroe Pavilion—which gave me only one reasonable direction to take, so I took it. I ran like hell. A few yards ahead, a dark minivan had pulled over to the side. I thought if I could get around it before the shooting started I'd at least have some cover.
Glancing over my shoulder to check on Pig Face, I heard a car door open just a fractional second before I collided with the most immovable object I'd ever encountered sober. Pain exploded across my ribs and I dropped like a sacked quarterback.
That same creepy voice filtered through the buzzing in my ears. "Oh, Dr. Legend, I'm so sorry. Douglas, help the poor man."
I was still trying to work out which way was up when a pair of strong hands hooked me under the arms and dragged me into the minivan. By the time Pig Face piled into the back seat, I was piecing together what had happened. The last time someone had assaulted me with a car door I'd been on a bicycle. I left that dumb bastard with four flat tires and key scratches on his hood that spelled out "I'M SORRY," but I quickly calculated that the same remedy wouldn't fly here. That other bastard had been five-six and pathetically nerdy. These bastards were big and buff, and they didn't look all that sorry.
At least the minivan was air-conditioned. When the last door slammed shut, I counted six of us: two in front, Pig Face and Agent Wiggins in back, and another suit-wearing bozo beside me in the middle. He was about my size but more muscular. And he had my T-shirt gathered in his fist and was twisting it so I wouldn't forget how much my ribs hurt.
The man in the front passenger seat had to be eighty years old. His eyes were dim pools of jelly set in wrinkled pockets. His was the voice I'd been hearing. He didn't bother to face me when he spoke. He watched me through the mirror on his visor.
"I assume you have no idea who we are, Dr. Legend," he said.
I looked around. "Too many for Batman and Robin and too few for the Seven Dwarfs. You're right, I'm stumped."
Without loosening his grip on my shirt, the bozo punched me in the face. My head rocked back and I felt a knifelike pain in my nose. I immediately teared up till I could barely see.
"Douglas!" the old man barked. "Don't be rude. I am sorry, Dr. Legend. Douglas has no sense of humor. But I appreciate your wit. False bravado is better than no bravado at all, wouldn't you agree?"
"Absowootly," I said, flinching away from Douglas. My nose was swelling rapidly.
"Good." The old man paused, apparently reading something on his lap. "We have a fairly complete dossier on you. You've made some impressive advances in artificial intelligence. World class, I see. Of course, I don't pretend to know what any of it means. I can only marvel at these new technologies. You must be proud to have achieved so much at such a young age."
I started to say something, but quickly closed my mouth when Douglas shook me.
"We also know about your amateur's interest in investigation, and that's the kind of thing I do know about. I'm referring to the Carrot Boy case—and that business with the Jungians. Very impressive for an amateur. And I see Dr. Fitzsimmons is exceptionally bright as well."
"Is this an award ceremony?"
Douglas drew a fist back, but the old man stopped him with a wave of his hand. "Ah ah, Douglas. Dr. Legend will need to be conscious to hear what I have to say." He cleared his throat, a raspy, rattling maneuver. "Let me get to the point. I thought perhaps if we had this little face-to-face chat, I could make you understand that your further involvement in the Turner matter would inevitably cause more problems than it solves. And let me say I'm not hoping this will remain between us, I guarantee it. Douglas knows what I mean."
Douglas grinned and twisted my shirt tighter.
"Without going into detail, let me say that Dr. Turner was dealing with a highly dangerous concept, something that could cause a great deal of suffering, even in a nation as strong and prosperous as ours—especially in ours."
I felt a little shiver, the kind that warns you when the inevitable is coming.
"Which, you can understand, no responsible government would willingly tolerate."
Yes, it was coming, any second now.
"Bottom line, Dr. Legend, Turner's research was—" here it comes!—"a distinct threat to national security."
There! The old "national security" horseshit. Was he kidding me? At that moment I wasn't sure which of us had been watching too much television. Raising my hands slightly, in case I had to deflect Douglas's next love tap, I said, "And who could be more concerned with national security than the brave knights of the National Security Service, right?"
Damn, Douglas was fast. He swung at me, I covered my face, and his fist caught me hard below the sternum. Every milliliter of air ran screaming from my lungs. I saw white for as long as it took to fill them again, which seemed like forever.
"All you need to know is this, Dr. Legend," the old man advised grimly. "Your life is insignificant compared to the welfare of a nation. Keep that in mind from now on and we won't need to see each other again."
If he gave a signal, I missed it, but while I was still struggling with my oxygen shortage, the minivan door opened, Douglas gave me a shove with the bottoms of both feet, and I tumbled out onto the pavement, taking solid shots to hip and elbows in the process.
"One more thing, Dr. Legend. About your little visit to Calumet City this afternoon. It's been my experience that bad things happen to citizens involved with organized crime. I'd hate to hear on the news one evening that some grisly tragedy had befallen you and Dr. Fitzsimmons."
The door closed, the minivan pulled away—slowly, as if defying me to memorize its plate number—and made a lazy U-turn where the road widened into an intersection. None of the passengers waved to me as it crawled past, nor did it hesitate at the soft crunch as my phone became road kill. No matter. Alix had lots more spares in her bag, I was sure.
I lay still for a while, massaging my chest and thinking about just how really insignificant my life was—I mean, compared to the welfare of a whole nation and all. Hadn't the old man told me so? But you know what? Considered in a more personal light, damned if my life didn't come out on top, and Alix's too.

Chapter 21

I had no idea how long the boys in suits and I had been schmoozing, but it must not have been too long, because when I reached the entrance to the Brice Quad, Alix was just climbing the steps. I started to call out, but the pain of deep breathing stopped me. I settled for following her at my own wobbly pace. She was waiting in front of the elevators when I caught up.
"My God, Timothy, what happened to you?"
"Ran into a door," I said, tossing it off the way we macho types will do. I knew she didn't believe me. Only women married to guys with names like Tony or Joe Bob ever run into doors.
"My poor darling. We'd better get some ice on that nose."
"Tell me the truth. If I ever lose my beauty, will you leave me?"
"If I were going to leave you for that, I'd have been gone a long time ago."
Ouch. Double ouch.
Laboratories that deal with chemicals always have ice somewhere. Alix knocked on doors until someone was kind enough to give her a few cubes wrapped in a paper towel. When I first held them to my nose, the pain was worse than ten ice cream headaches, but gradually it numbed out. When I could see straight again we went off to find Bill Slattery, the explanation for my condition having been deferred by silent consent.

****

Alix had known Bill Slattery for years. As with all old friendships, theirs had developed its own familiar scripts. Slattery caught sight of her the moment she leaned into his laboratory. His grin widened as he took in her baggy white cotton shorts and the emerald tank top that echoed the green of her eyes.
"Hey, gorgeous, what's up? Come to surrender that perfect body to me? Say it's so and I'll die a happy man."
"That's sexual harassment, you pervert."
"Of course it is."
"Well, in that case, okay. Your place our mine?"
"How about right here?"
They embraced and kissed passionately to the astonishment of a lab full of tired-looking graduate students, some of whom seemed authentically horrified as they glanced from me and my contusions to  Alix and Bill. Even the electronic equipment that had replaced much of the glassware in a modern chemistry lab appeared to be staring, tiny red, green and amber LED eyes glowing with mute curiosity.
Best guess, Bill Slattery was well past ninety years old, and he was as spindly as a mayfly. Alix had to be careful not to crush him with her hug. A professor emeritus of chemistry, Slattery had officially retired decades before, but he hadn't lost his youthful enthusiasm. And he couldn't seem to keep out of the lab. Following a long policy wrangle, and in deference to his world-wide prominence, the university had eventually agreed to let him assist some of the younger professors—in their forties and fifties—if he would agree not to interfere too much. Yeah, right. We both knew Slattery. After all these years he was still a major influence.
"Seriously, Alix," he said, inspecting her at arm's length, "you look wonderful. This scoundrel Legend must be treating you well." He nodded toward me, either not noticing or not acknowledging the ice pack.
"I finally found a man who doesn't try to understand me," Alix said.
"Einstein couldn't understand you. Say, did I ever tell you I knew him? Einstein? He let me call him Al." Slattery turned to me and took my hand. His dry grip was surprisingly weak. "You lucky S-O-B," he said with a chuckle.
I cranked the old man's hand vigorously, as if to pump a little more life into him. "You're looking dapper, you old degenerate." One of the great joys in life is discovering people like Bill Slattery, people who understand. Horace Walpole once wrote that the world is a comedy for those who think and a tragedy for those who feel. I could easily envision crowding around a table with Bill and Alix, the three of us knocking back mango daiquiris and laughing our heads off while everywhere the humorless feelers of the world lead their minions into battle after bloody battle. I would never have admitted it, but I cherished the old goat as much as Alix did.
Slattery grinned. "Dapper. Hah! I look like a dried apple core and we all know it. If I didn't, I guarantee I'd steal Alix away from you in a minute."
"She'd go willingly. I'm sure of that."
Alix said, "Listen, Bill, can we talk somewhere? Something's happened and we need your help."
Professor Slattery led us down a short hallway to his office. Alix fixed me with a brief, worried look, and I knew what was bothering her. She'd noticed how slowly Slattery moved. He'd become alarmingly frail since the last time we'd seen him. I returned a pained nod.
Slattery offered Alix a molded plastic chair next to his desk. All I got was a stack of books about stool high. I verified its stability and sat down.
Alix obviously felt comfortable here, surrounded by knowledge. She once told me that Bill's office reminded her of her own room when she was growing up, her citadel against the unpredictable world. To make up for her absentee father, Alix had developed the capacity over the years for taking in bits and pieces of the significant males in her life and merging them into a composite surrogate. Slattery was one of the larger components. For years he had stood in for the wise, understanding father that Alix had always pictured in her imagination.
Settling in, I noticed fresh equations, flow charts and chemical symbols tangled like vines across the green chalkboards that covered two walls of the tiny office.
"Looks like you're into something new," Alix said.
"Hah. These days everything is new. Nanotechnology is advancing without bound." He jutted his chin toward me. "In a few years only computers will be able to do it."
Bookcases jammed with textbooks and notebooks took up a third wall. Behind the gray metal desk hung a faded photograph of Slattery, already an old man, accepting his Nobel Prize in Stockholm with that broad impish smile of his.
Slattery had to negotiate a book-lined canyon to seat himself at his desk, and then he had to shove aside several tall pillars before he could face us. He took a moment to polish his thick glasses on his sleeve. Squinting out from behind his battlements, he looked like the king of the castle. "So, Alix, what's this all about? It must be serious, because you're rarely serious."
Though reports of Turner's death were already appearing on the news, Slattery probably wouldn't have heard them. He'd been occupied in the lab all day. Alix took her time relating the details of the discovery of the body and the events preceding and following. The old man asked numerous questions. His expression remained alert as he nodded, absorbing the information with intense concentration.
"Turner was a very young man," he observed sadly at one point.
Turner had been fifty-one, according to Weisenheimer. Very young, perhaps, on Bill Slattery's scale. At one point, when I brought up our interview with Sal and Bobo, including the fact that Turner had been involved in nanotechnology, Slattery's eyes seemed to flicker—or it could have been my imagination. When the bulk of the details had been covered, Slattery wrung his gnarled hands and beamed.
"Well, what are we waiting for? You brought a doll sample with you, I assume. And that embryo as you call it? I hope you have that too. I already have a theory, but we'll need a complete analysis to be sure."
"So you'll help us?"
"What are friends for?"
Alix reached out and covered his spotty hand with hers. "Bill, if I were just forty years older."
"Save the baloney for the young pups who'll believe it. Now, come on, let's get started. You may actually have brought me something I'm interested in."

Chapter 22

Slattery ushered us to a small laboratory on the third floor of Brice Hall. During regular sessions he assisted with several advanced classes in analytical chemistry, but in the summer much of the equipment lay idle, except when a graduate student or a researcher found a need for it. I expressed awe at Slattery's little setup, partly because I could see that he expected me to, and partly because I really was awed.
Over the last couple of decades, the practice of chemistry has changed considerably, due in part to the electronics revolution, and to the exponential increase in (ahem) computer technology. At the highest levels, the stereotypical profusion of test tubes, Bunsen burners, bizarre glassware mazes connecting beakers full of brightly colored, bubbling liquids, have all joined the buggy whip in the dust bin of history. We were forced to acknowledge this as we watched Professor Slattery scrape off bits of the Barbie and dissolve them in solvents in miniature glass tubes. These he fed into various instruments that looked more like my computers than chemistry apparatuses. And being at a large university with a healthy endowment didn't hurt. I estimated, conservatively I thought, that the instrumentation in front of us must run upwards of a quarter of a million dollars per bench-foot.
While Slattery busied himself preparing samples and occasionally burying his nose in one fat volume of data or another, Alix and I sat near the door. She thumbed through the onionskin pages of a chemical handbook that meant almost nothing to her.
"All the things we'll never have time to know," she said.
"Having to choose at life's every juncture is a bitch, no argument here."
"I can never imagine what it's like to be in a field that's actually attached to reality. It must be so limiting."
This was a recurring theme with Alix. Her own field of mathematics was so blissfully abstract that she felt guilty confronted with science that was supposed to correspond to the real world. I shared her feeling to some extent. After all, computer science is little more than mathematics' applied cousin. But the notion of being brought up short by reality actually seemed to threaten her. I wasn't sure why. We hadn't been together long enough for me to get to the bottom of it in any meaningful way. I was hoping there'd be plenty of time.
Having pushed a button to start one last machine, Slattery approached us, his creased-leather face dark with mischief. "Some of the tests will take a while longer, but so far I see nothing to contradict my original hypothesis."
"Are you going to tell us what it is, or will we have to play Jeopardy to find out?"
Slattery held out a clipboard, angled so that all of us could read it. He tapped a pencil on a particular column of numbers printed faintly by a machine badly in need of toner.
"You see here?" Slattery said. "The doll is made of plastic."
Alix frowned. "All Barbies are made of plastic."
"But it's not the usual kind of plastic. This is a biodegradable substance similar to polypropylene—a close cousin of polyhydroxybutyrate, one of those plastics they've been able to genetically engineer bacteria to manufacture—even some plants."
"So you're saying the idea that the Barbies were actually growing like plants isn't so impossible?"
"I don't know if growing is the right word. If I'm right it's more complicated than that—or, looked at another way, simpler."
Alix leaned close to review the sheet on the clipboard as if it might contain something she had missed at first glance. The old man was relishing his moment of suspense.
"Okay, Bill," Alix said. "This is your last chance before I wring your neck."
"It's fascinating, really. See here? Even the hair and the clothing are the same material. The textures are different because they're made of thin fibers instead of bulk plastic, but chemically the material's the same. The colors are just trace synthetic dyes embedded in the plastic. But there's no sign of growing—not like a plant grows." He held out his palm. In the center of it was a small quantity of gray powder, like cigarette ashes. "The doll's body itself is hollow, of course. I found this inside."
"What is it?"
"Machines."
"What?"
"Or anyway, what's left of them after they finished their job. And no, they're not shavings or filings or the residue from a mold. These are the spent carcasses of the actual machines that made the Barbie from scratch. You already mentioned nanotechnology. Well, these are an extremely sophisticated form of nanoassemblers."
Alix and I stared at the dust and noticed that Slattery's hand was shaking, almost palsied.
Alix touched his arm. "Bill, are you all right?"
"Let's go back to my office. My legs get tired. I need to sit down."

Chapter 23

Returning to Slattery's office, we stopped at a vending machine for cardboard cups of coffee so hot our fingertips burned. Alix gripped hers with a daisy-patterned hot pad she found in her bag. She should have been used to high temperatures by now, though. Evening sunlight slicing in through the west windows was a reminder that the heat wave raged on.
With the old man ensconced behind his desk, Alix settled into the chair and I perched on the same small mountain of books in the corner. Slattery set the Barbie embryo on the desk in front of him, poking at it tentatively as if it might be alive.
"I've already accepted," Slattery began, "that I don't have the energy left to discover much of anything new these days." He raised his hand when Alix drew a quick breath. "No, don't say it. Allow an old man to acknowledge reality with some dignity." A wan smile hollowed his thin cheeks and he went on. "On the other hand, I can still understand someone else's work when it's presented to me. And you'd be surprised how many people still want to run things by me. Can you imagine that? In a lot of ways it pays to reach your dotage with a reputation like mine. I recommend it."
I snorted. "Right. Pardon me while I pop on out for a couple minutes and win a Nobel."
"And I'll let you in on something else. Remember this when your time comes. It doesn't hurt for an old fart to behave a little senile now and then. People expect it, and it makes them feel comfortable. And then, mirabile dictu, they'll tell you things they wouldn't dream of telling anyone else. I suppose they think you'll forget everything ten minutes later. Or maybe they can't believe a doddering old fool could possibly pose a threat. I don't know. But either way they treat you like the ideal father confessor."
"I assume we're working up to Keric Turner," Alix said.
"Turner for one. Yes. There are two kinds of colleagues in this science business—well, I don't have to tell you. There're the sharers and the brain pickers."
Alix nodded. "The sharers are always willing to trade their results with you for the greater good of science—"
"And the pickers," I finished, "just want to know what you know without giving anything back. They're the ones with the driving ambition that completely overwhelms their scientific objectivity."
"Exactly," Slattery agreed. "And Keric Turner was a consummate brain picker."
Alix compressed her lips, nodding wryly. "Now a few things make sense." She described the several times Turner had approached her at the mathematics department. Since men were constantly coming on to her she never thought it was anything else. Now, though, she remembered how the conversation always seemed to swing around to the solutions of various classes of differential equations relating to flow—fluid flow, heat flow—and to combinatorial analysis. He'd actually taken notes! At the time, she thought he might have been reading one of those pathetic books on how to meet women: rule 17, get her to talk about her work. Appear interested. This will always make a good impression."
Slattery said, "A year or so back—maybe longer, I really do forget some things—Turner practically lived here in my office. He sat right where you are when he wasn't up scratching things on the board. He'd have these half-baked notions about the most efficient ways to repeat a particular series of molecular bonds. Everything was always, 'Suppose this' and 'What if that,' but casually, as if he didn't really care, just curious. I'd set him straight, usually. But he never gave even a hint of what he was getting at. Of course, I knew. I knew because I'd already heard from the grapevine what he was working on."
"Nanotechnology," I said.
"Nanomanufacturing is a better word. Nanotechnology is a multi-disciplinary field. Medicine, computers—see there, Timothy, maybe someday you'll be carrying that Weisenheimer of yours around in your pocket if nanocomputers ever get off the ground."
I shrugged. The notion of people carrying God around in their shirt pockets did have a certain appeal. You could snap open a little gizmo like a cell phone and punch up the Ultimate for a quick consultation.
"But it was nanotechnology specifically applied to manufacturing that interested Turner," Slattery went on. "The basic idea is easy enough to understand. The name itself should be a giveaway."
"Nano," Alix said. "Ten to the minus ninth power—manufacturing on the scale of a few billionths of a meter."
"Correct. And we already know from biology that nanomanufacturing works. Every living thing is the product of molecular-sized machines called DNA. Once you can create reliable self-replicating molecules you're ninety percent there."
Alix's eyes widened. "Turner actually succeeded in creating artificial self-replicating molecules?"
"Someone had to eventually," Slattery said with a toss of his bony hands. "It was just a matter of time. You have the proof right here." He reached out and flung the Barbie embryo at Alix. She bobbled it before trapping it in her lap. "Look closely at that and tell me the idea is far-fetched."
I leaned earnestly toward Slattery. "So now we have self-replicating molecules. It seems like there should be a lot more to it than that. Could Turner really have gone all the way by himself? It strikes me as a massive undertaking."
"Yes it was, but Turner was something of a genius within his extremely narrow talent, which, as I said, involved picking other people's brains and bolting their ideas together like a mechanic. How hard is it to build a radio when other people have invented all the parts and worked out the theory? But Turner didn't stop there. He wanted all the credit for himself." Slattery paused for a sip of coffee, before adding, "And the money."
I knew from the increasingly impersonal cadence of Slattery's words that he was slipping into lecture mode. It's a common habit for all of us in the teaching racket.
"Now, these self-replicating molecules can reproduce themselves ad infinitum as long as there's enough raw material available—nutrients, we'll say. The next question is how to make them build other things as well, besides themselves. Again, we know it's possible because DNA builds people, and people aren't just big homogeneous globs of DNA molecules. We have hair and eyes and toes, bones, livers, hearts, all kinds of well-differentiated parts."
Glancing at Alix to admire her well-differentiated parts, I caught her glancing at me—two assemblages in exquisite harmony.
Slattery was saying, "Consider simplified DNA molecules that could build, say, bone-like objects in useful shapes: tools, handles, knobs. Not so hard to imagine, is it? The trick is to come up with a way to coordinate the artificial self-replicating molecules—to program them, if you will—to create various other molecules, the way DNA molecules copy specific genes, like recipes, onto RNA molecules, which then go on to manufacture proteins, and so forth."
A few synapses fired off in my brain and I blurted out, "PADNA—P-A-DNA: programmable artificial DNA. That's what Turner called it."
"And we do have one significant advantage over biology in this respect," Slattery continued. "Biological processes had to go through evolution, a terribly sloppy affair to say the least—billions of years that saw an unimaginable series of hits and misses. But we know ahead of time exactly what we're designing. And its not anything remotely as complicated as living creatures."
"Simpler things like Barbie dolls," Alix said.
"Barbie dolls and practically any other item that can be precisely specified. In theory, nanotechnology can produce anything now manufactured, for a tiny fraction of the cost, once the initial design is amortized."
"And using garbage for nutrients," I said with a wink at Alix. My respect for Carmine Bocci had gone up another notch.
"Raw molecules," Slattery went on. "Where they come from doesn't matter. Forget the human genome with some three billion base pairs of amino acids. Think of a man-made molecule with, say, as few as a hundred thousand pairs, something a supercomputer might design with the right software and enough time.
"The problem is thus reduced to programming the chemical instructions in the first place, constructing a custom sequence out of strings of atoms to be read by our molecular machines. And let me repeat: We already know the process works, because if it didn't you and I wouldn't be sitting here talking with each other. We wouldn't exist."
"And along with all this," Alix said, "we have a pretty good motive for killing Turner."
I nodded. "Kill him and steal the credit."
"The cash and the credit," Alix added.
Slattery grunted and waited until he had our complete attention. I noticed that he was fading. A slight tremor had overtaken his head. "There's just one small flaw in that. Anyone who announces a breakthrough of this magnitude any time in the near future will be virtually confessing to murder. This is no obscure result. The murderer would have to have a foolproof trail of research to claim the achievement as his own. I doubt whether it can be done."
Leave it to Slattery's brilliant mind to be thinking two steps ahead, as if he'd worked it all out while you were busy blinking. "Well then," I said, undaunted, "how about this? Forget about fame and glory, keep quiet and go for the wealth." I was again thinking of Carmine Bocci and his garbage trucks.
Alix agreed. "Instead of letting nanotechnology out into the world, you grab it for yourself and dole out the manufactured goods at present market prices. Keep the source of the goods secret. It would be like changing water to wine. Anyone in control would automatically become unimaginably wealthy."
Slattery was drooping forward now, looking a little disoriented.
A loud knock at the door startled me so much that I nearly slid off my stack of books. The door pushed open and a stocky young man stepped halfway in.
"Oh, I'm sorry. I was looking for Professor Marbury. I thought I heard his voice. Excuse me."
As the door clicked shut, I said, "Did you notice the guy's suit?"
Alix frowned. "No wrinkles?"
"No wrinkles. On a day like this a suit with no wrinkles. How do they do that?" I hadn't recognized this one. He wasn't my buddy Douglas or the one who'd sat in the back seat of the minivan beside Agent Wiggins. He might have been the driver. I never did get a good look at the driver's face.
By the time we returned our attention to Bill Slattery it was too late. He'd exhausted his energy allotment for the afternoon. Crumpled in his chair, he was snoring with the rhythm of an old 78-rpm record player, needle dithering at the end of its groove.

Chapter 24

Was the heat ever going to let up? We stepped out of Brice into a swamp.
"Damn," I said to Alix. "I still had a few more questions for Bill."
"We'll see him again in the morning. Now, tell tell, what happened to your nose? And don't you dare say 'she crossed her legs' unless you really want to know pain."
I had to bite my tongue to temporize. That was a close one.
On the slow, sweaty walk home I briefed Alix on my fun afternoon with the National Security Service. She was suitably sympathetic. "Aww, da big bad man wopped oor widdle nosey. Was oo being a smartass, as usual?"
"Well, but no more than usual." I tried to make a face, but any movement involving my nose was contraindicated.
Alix took a little skip forward. "I feel exhilarated. I've never threatened national security before. What a sense of power." She looked upward, as if evidence of her new power might reside in the sky. Following her gaze, I noticed that for the first time in days clouds had begun to roll in over the lake, angular pink and white masses piled like broken crockery. "So then, the man who barged into Bill's office—with the suit—?"
"Was just one of the National Security Service boys letting us know that they know where we are. I'm starting to think the woods are lousy with 'em." I furtively rolled my eyes left and right.

****

Back in our apartment, I connected to the Weisenheimer network and tried not to show my disappointment when Weisenheimer appeared as Sigmund Freud. Was I going to have to specifically program gobbledy-gook out of him, or should I let him work it out logically on his own? I decided not to decide, which in itself was a vote of confidence for logic.
"I've been having dreams, Dr. Legend," Weisenheimer said.
"And you've been analyzing them, too, I see."
"Yes. And do you know what I discovered—?"
"No. Now listen to me. I want you to look up a government agency called the National Security Service."
"My recurring dream about a pigeon and a soldering iron means—"
"National—Security—Service," I enunciated. "What's its charter? Who's in charge? The whole bit."
"Yes, Dr. Legend," he replied, his voice thick with artificial frustration.
Freud disappeared. For a minute or two the bedroom was filled with the smarmy tones of Tony Bennett singing "I Left My Heart in San Francisco." I felt a terrible twinge of guilt. Having installed consciousness, I'd then gone off and left my creation to his own devices, and now he was dabbling with Freud and mainlining elevator music. What had I done? I was no better than Alix's globetrotting ghost of a father. I vowed that when this was over I'd spend some quality time with Weisenheimer, offer my store of wisdom to help ease his adolescent pain.
The words NATIONAL SECURITY SERVICE formed along the top of the monitor screen. Alix had been busy selecting an outfit for the evening. She interrupted her search to peer over my shoulder. By then I was about ready to track down Tony Bennett and strangle him. Gradually the image of a hand, palm upward, materialized.
"Weisenheimer?" I said.
The clown burst onto the screen, honking his nose and chuckling. "Get it? I came up 'empty handed,' har-de-har! Empty handed! I got a million of 'em."
"There's no listing for the National Security Service anywhere? Are you sure?"
"No listing in any database, Dr. Legend, public or private." Honk honk.
Alix and I traded squinty looks. "Curiouser and curiouser, said Alix," said Alix.
"Weisenheimer, can you get into the Illinois DMV?"
"Does the pope shit in the woods?" Honk.
I recited the license number from the minivan and waited. As I expected, the empty hand reappeared.
"Okay," I said, "there might be another way." I glanced at the clock on the nightstand. We were due to meet Pedro in a few minutes. "Weisenheimer, I want you to investigate miracle fabrics, the kind used to make wrinkle-free suits."
"Would the Shroud of Turin be considered a miracle fabric?"
"No, this stuff is no phony. They use it for suits."
"The category 'suit' is broad, Dr. Legend. Do you wish to narrow the parameters?"
"Men's business suits," I said. I thought he should have understood that from the context—or maybe not—but I didn't have time to explore the ambiguity. As I was about to log off, I remembered a detail from the label of Agent Wiggins's jacket. "Also, when you have the data on wrinkle-free suits, cross reference it with Blankenship and Gould, Limited. They sell men's clothing. Look specifically for volume commercial customers, or concentrations of customers in a particular geographic area, say near Washington, D.C."
By the time we locked up and got moving, Alix was dressed in a black leotard wrapped in a short black skirt, and I was in black denim trousers and a black T-shirt. I considered hanging a flashing neon sign around my neck that said "PLANNING TO BURGLARIZE."

Chapter 25

The wiring in our kitchen was inadequate to support even a small microwave oven. This effectively prevented us from cooking anything whatsoever, because to touch an actual stove was unthinkably domestic. Consequently, we were well known at most of the decent local restaurants. One of our favorites was the Corinthian Garden. Run by our friend Panagopoulos, a cheerful and energetic Salonican who was always happy to see us, the Garden served up the best mousaka anywhere. And his cousin's amateurish murals of ancient Hellenic ruins mounted on the exposed brick walls were oddly relaxing.
Panagopoulos seated us at a table near the rear with his usual effusiveness. When we were settled in, Alix hunched down behind her menu and jerked her head toward a muscular-looking young man being seated at a table across the room. "Don't look now, but another one of your neat suits just followed us in."
Of course I looked. I knew they knew, they knew I knew. Who was kidding whom? It was my buddy Douglas. I winked, gave him the thumbs up. He turned away.
"Will you split a plate of fried smelt with me?" Alix said, perusing the menu.
"I'd consider it an honor."
Pedro arrived soon afterward, looking hollow-eyed and dazed. I immediately signaled to Panagopoulos for ouzo. Pedro needed something bracing. Alix slid a menu in front of our little friend, but he ignored it.
"Come on Pedro," Alix said when the ouzo arrived. "Down the hatch. And then let's hear what you've been up to."
Pedro eyed the milky liquid reluctantly, but then Alix clinked her glass against his and he squeezed his eyes shut and gulped it down. Afterward he shivered and coughed. "Ghha. Tastes like chalk."
"Opa!" I shouted and ordered another round.
Alix patted his arm. "Feel better?"
"No. I went to see Armando at the hospital. His wife was there—the way she looked at me." He lowered his eyes sadly.
Alix scooched closer and hugged him, but neither of us said anything.
We ordered more food than usual. We were preparing for a long leisurely meal. It was coming up on nine o'clock, and we wanted to be sure it was very dark when we ventured outside again.
Somewhere between the feta-tomato-onion salad and the fried smelts, Pedro began to loosen up. Not a drinker, he had downed a second ouzo and was nursing a third. "I'm a responsible person," he declared, slightly stiff-lipped, and took another swallow.
"Of course you are," Alix said.
"I got landscaping in my veins."
I nodded. "You're a born artist."
"Damn right," Pedro said. He drained his glass and rapped it hard on the table. I snapped my fingers toward Panagopoulos. Alix's shrug was a gesture of both understanding and tacit approval. We had both concluded that Pedro was too emotionally unbalanced at the moment to be helpful. Better to sideline him until we could fit him into our plan, whatever that might turn out to be.
"My mother," Pedro said. "God bless her—Consuela Rosita Gonzales y Montez. She was as beautiful as her name. She was the princess of the Gonzales greenhouse empire."
Pedro pulled out his wallet. In it was a photo of a dark-eyed Hispanic beauty. Alix and I nodded appreciatively.
"My father was Koshogi Yamamoto. Back in Kyoto his family were famous rock gardeners—for centuries."
"You got it from both sides," I said. "The double whammy."
"When I was a kid," Pedro went on, slurring his words, "I used to go up to Fort Pitt—that's in Pittsburgh, were I grew up. The Allegheny and the Monongahela flow together there, to make the Ohio River. I used to look out over the three rivers and I would think, that's me down there—that's my father's and my mother's blood flowing together to form the mighty Ohio." He grinned sheepishly. "I was pretty poetic as a teenager."
"To the mighty Ohio of gardening," Alix said, toasting him. "We're proud to know you, Pedro." 
Pedro snorted. "Yeah, proud. Now it's my fault Armando lost his foot. His family thinks I'm mierda. I don't feel so proud." Saturated with alcohol now, he seemed disjointed, head and limbs only loosely tethered to his torso.
"So, tell us more about this thing in the lawn," Alix said. "When did you first learn about it?"
Two waiters arrived with saganaki on thick iron plates. With a flourish one of them ignited it. It exploded into flame, and I noticed Douglas flinch, his hand reaching reflexively inside his jacket.
Alix quickly scooped some onto her plate. "I love this stuff," she said, chewing gingerly. "It makes my teeth itch."
Plates heaped with dolmades and souvlaki followed, and of course more ouzo. Pedro temporarily forgot how dismayed he was. He dug in, relating between mouthfuls the history of the mysterious tunnels.
"Some official with the dental symposium saw a couple of ridges Friday afternoon and told Dean Fretter about it. So he calls me this morning, yelling like it was my fault, like I wasn't doing my job."
"That's my boy Fretter," I said.
Pedro gulped down more ouzo. "Everything has to be fucking perfect for the dentists. The university is making mucho dinero off the whole thing—plus the prestige."
"These tunnels," Alix said. "They're confined to the area directly adjoining Brice? You haven't heard about any others?"
"Far as I know."
While a waiter cleared the table, Alix slipped me a new cell phone to replace the one I'd lost and I tapped out a familiar speed-dial number. For the most part I hate cellular phones—or at least all those crass people who use them in public, type A personalities and wannabes walking around like ninnies with their phones glued to their ears. Yes, they have their utility, but come on, folks, really.
A voice said "Hello," and I grinned with satisfaction. "Aha, Dean Fretter."
"Legend?" the dean said. You just can't fool him. "Is that you Legend? How did you get this number? I had it changed."
"You can run, but you can't hide. Listen, I'm calling to do you a huge favor."
"I don't need any favors from you. I'm hanging up."
"The university will be liable for millions if you do."
"What?"
I understood Fretter well enough to know that even a hint of disaster, especially official disaster, would grab his attention like a Rottweiler. "I speak here of dentists, Dean, those noble toothmongers whose fates you hold in your hands."
"What do you mean 'millions'?"
"You did take over administration of Directions in Orthodontia for the 21st Century—for a sick friend?"
"The symposium? Yes, but—"
"How many attendees are you expecting? Approximately."
"Um, well—maybe two thousand. It's an international event. Why? Uh—is there something—?"
"Two thousand!" I winced, flashing on a patient's-eye view of two thousand dentists, a sea of white coats, gloved fingers and nostril hairs hovering over me. "Well, call it off immediately."
"Just because you say so. Are you crazy?"
"Call it off and I solemnly swear I'll teach an extra class for a semester—show up on time and everything."
"Now I know you're joking."
I silently counted backward from seven. "We're discussing the safety of legions of professionals who are in danger from—"
"I'm hanging up."
"An as-yet-unidentified creature—"
"I really am hanging up—"
"That has already seriously injured—"
"See, I'm hanging up right now."
"One man and—"
I jerked the phone away from my ear and stared at it.
"What happened?" Alix said.
"The little twerp hung up on me."
"Bad karma does have a way of coming home to roost."
I angrily poked the redial button. When Fretter answered, I shouted "Land shark!" and clicked off, satisfied with having recaptured the last word.
A waiter distributed three plates of galactoboureko while Pedro looked on, his head wobbling back and forth. He was having trouble focusing his glazed eyes. Alix pressed a fork into his hand and squeezed his fingers around it. "It's like bread pudding, Pedro. Try it. Yum yum."
Four ouzos having Cuisinarted his brain, Pedro exhaled with a groan and listed deeply to starboard, eyelids at half-mast. He was unresponsive when I pinched his nose.
"Okay," I said. "Now that we're alone, let's review. Someone murders Keric Turner and buries him in his compost heap. Soon afterward Barbie dolls start growing out of the soil, and a creature starts tunneling underground right next to the building where—surprise surprise—Turner's laboratory is located. Is there a connection? I know which way I'd bet."
Alix slid a bite of galactoboureko into her mouth and withdrew the fork slowly, cleaning the tines with her lips in that provocative way of hers.
"And as soon as we start looking into things," I went on, "government agents in neat suits start following us around."
"Phony government agents," Alix corrected.
"Real agents claiming to work for a phony government agency," I recorrected.
Alix added, "Don't forget the mob boss with a passion for the environment, who claims he had nothing to do with any of it, even though Turner was his brother-in-law and he was funding Turner's research."
"And then there's Dean Fretter who doesn't understand what's at stake if he doesn't call off the big dental soiree."
"You really think there's a danger?" Alix said.
"You're damn right there is. You saw those tunnels. They're getting bigger and more numerous. And where the landscape is getting churned up is only a hundred , hundred fifty yards across an open lawn from the main tent."
Alix looked thoughtful. "What if we leaked to the media? With enough outside pressure they'd have to call it off."
"I'm not so sure that's a good idea. It might backfire and start a panic—or worse a circus. Why don't we see what we can do quietly first?" I turned to Pedro, who had slumped forward, his nose so close to his pudding that his eyes crossed. "Pedro, when did you say the dental symposium was starting?"
"Mhhdhh," Pedro murmured.
"I think he said Monday," Alix said.
I sighed. "That gives us tonight and tomorrow. Not a lot of time."
"Then let's get to work."
I paid the bill while Alix discreetly informed Panagopoulos that the young man sitting alone at the table near the wall, nursing a cup of coffee, looked a lot like the one who'd been stalking her lately and exposing himself.
Panagopoulos' expression turned grave. He glared at Douglas with the full fury of his Old World sensibilities. "Hokay. I take care of it."
While Panagopoulos and a stocky waiter in a white shirt and black vest held the man in his chair, shouting hysterically at him in Greek and poking stiff fingers into his chest, Alix and I made our escape through the kitchen, dragging the semi-conscious Pedro between us.
Outside, we propped Pedro against a tree. We really did want to help him, but these things had to be done in the proper order. Until we had more information, any actions Pedro might take could make things worse. Best to put him in temporary storage for now—humanely anesthetized, of course.
I gently slapped Pedro's cheeks until he opened his eyes. "Pedro san, hate to abandon you like this, but we have work to do. Will you promise to amble on home and sleep it off?" Pedro lived in a small apartment not a quarter mile from there. "We'll talk tomorrow. By then we'll know what needs to be done and the best way to do it."
"Ummf," Pedro mumbled. He raised a hand to wave, and as if on cue a welcome breeze spiraled up the tree, lifting its leaves and rattling them. Alix kissed Pedro on the cheek and we struck off into the night.

Chapter 26

We kept away from the streetlamps, oozing quietly from shadow to shadow, until, for the third time that day, we were beside Brice Quadrangle. Crouched behind a thick outcropping of yews trimmed into uniform cubes by Pedro and his artists, we listened and watched. Armies of crickets were sawing their little legs in half for love. Out over Lake Michigan, faint lightning flashes took snapshots of a mountain of woolly thunderheads blowing closer, erasing the stars and generally terrorizing the heavens.
"So rain already," I ordered the sky. "What's the hold up?" My commando T-shirt was already soaked through with sweat.
The basement door was the kind that locks automatically, operated from inside by a horizontal lever bar. Earlier, as we were leaving, Alix had found a spare bootlace in her bag and tied it to the bar. She had threaded the other end through a small hole, one of four drilled for unspecified purposes and never used. We'd been lucky the hole was there. If we were still lucky, no one had discovered the lace, and no one had locked the door with a key.
I tugged at the lace, working it out inch by inch, careful not to sever it against the sharp edges of the hole. The lever inside moved, the door released with a chunk, and moments later we were climbing the stairway to the fourth floor.
Alix read off the room numbers as we moved along the hallway. "Four twenty, four twenty-two. Getting close." Occasionally we had to step around a metal cart heaped with supplies and instruments, or a cluster of pressurized cylinders strapped to a dolly. The hall was quiet. The only soul we passed was a sleepy-eyed Asian woman who glanced away with a shy smile.
"Here we go," Alix said. "Four twenty-eight. 'Keric Turner, PhD'."
I rattled the knob. "Locked." I knocked and waited, knocked again louder. "All clear," I said and gestured farther down the hall. Room 430, Turner's laboratory, turned out to be locked and unoccupied as well.
"What do you think?" Alix said. "Concentric lock in the knob. Single dead bolt."
"And a steel door. Not easy, Kimosabe."
"Ten bucks?" She was irritatingly smug about this.
"Make it twenty. You get two minutes and then it's my turn."
With me on sentry duty at the end of the hall, Alix stood outside Turner's office and set her shoulder bag down to rummage through it. She glanced at me. "Twenty bucks, right?"
When Alix finally stood up, I expected her to be holding the ornately tooled leather pouch of lock picks I'd given her for Christmas. Instead she brandished a gizmo that looked like the illegitimate offspring of an electric drill and a cat food can. A tiny flat probe protruded from the business end. She inserted it into the dead bolt keyhole and pulled the trigger. At the first shrill whine of the machine I jumped. I ran down the hall, holding my ears and rasping, "Are you nuts! That'll wake the dead in Detroit." But she couldn't hear me. I huddled in a tight ball on the floor while the machine's scream ricocheted up and down the hall. I was on the brink of hyperventilating when it stopped. Alix cleared her throat and pushed on the door with her pinky. It floated open.
I hurried into the office behind her and shut the door. "I'm ashamed of you, love, that's cheating. We were talking about skill, manual dexterity."
"We were talking about picking locks. Like it? It's the model six-oh-two Auto-pick Deluxe. I have it on a thirty-day trial."
"Well send it back for a new muffler."
"You owe me twenty bucks."
"Hmph," I said. I was still shaking.
Alix found the light switch and clicked it on. "Wow, can you say 'obsessive-compulsive'?"
Like Turner's home kitchen, the laboratory shone with cleanliness. The vat that Sal and Bobo had described stood center stage, with its plastic hoses and copper piping glistening. Surreal highlights sparkled from glassware arrayed on shelves and benches. Banks of analytical machines, much like those in Slattery's lab, looked as if they were brand new out of the box. Alix just happened to have two pairs of latex gloves in her bag. We took a moment to tug them on.
The room was as unreal as a painting. I leaned my head deep into one of several brushed metal sinks, hoping to detect at least water spots. There were none.
"Timothy, look at this," Alix said. Standing beside Turner's desk, she was holding a computer's keyboard upside down and shaking it. Nothing fell out, and I registered the little taunt directed at me. The gaps in my keyboards were always collecting sandwich and potato chip crumbs and hairs (more hairs than crumbs since I hit forty).
"So he didn't eat lunch at his desk. So what?"
I snatched the keyboard away, sat down, and turned on the computer. It went through its pre-boot rigmarole for a few seconds before halting on an error. Apparently there was no boot code on the hard drive. I tried a few rudimentary rescue techniques with no luck.
"Neatness is all right," I said, "But I draw the line at cleaning out your hard drive."
"Nothing there at all?"
"Bare as a photo of Jenna Haze. Although there is the possibility that the moron or morons unknown who erased it didn't bother to reformat the disk. There could still be something on the drive. I'll need some tools."
Alix found a small precision screwdriver set in her bag. I popped open the computer's shell and disconnected the hard drive. It was a nice little 500-gigabyte jobbie. If the boot block was all that was missing it still might have some stories to tell. Alix slipped it into her bag, and I crossed my fingers, hoping it wouldn't disappear forever into the Universe of Gadgets. I buttoned up the computer again.
While Alix made a final circuit of the lab, taking notes and snapping photographs with her ubiquitous cell phone, I confirmed that every scrap of paper had been removed. Drawers, file cabinets were empty. Even the bookshelves mounted high on the walls were conspicuously barren. Satisfied that there was nothing more to do, we returned to the hallway. I refused to let Alix use the Auto-pick Deluxe again. My nerves couldn't stand it. I relocked the door using Alix's picks and then used them on Turner's office next door.
The office was in the same condition, as pristine and tidy as a Better Homes and Gardens ad with nary a memo or file folder in sight. Alix took more photographs. I remembered the Sherlock Holmes story "Silver Blaze," in which absence was a clue. In Sherlock's case, it was the absence of a dog barking. Here we had the absence of everything but a university issue desk and chair. Even the dust had skedaddled. If absence was a clue, then we were gazing at a paradise of hard evidence.
During the daytime, the broad expanse of windows along the far wall would have provided a spectacular view of Lake Michigan. Now they were like black mirrors, reflecting the light from the fluorescents in the ceiling.
I leaned against the glass and peered outside. The lightning was nearer now, close enough to hear the first rumblings of thunder. At the next flash I counted to myself: one little piggy—two little piggies... Twelve seconds later the windows trembled almost imperceptibly.
"Two and a half miles out, more or less. I really do believe it's going to rain this time."
Alix said, "We're doing great in the clue department. All we know so far is it's probably going to rain."
"No," I said, raising a finger. "We also know that absence means something."
"Let me guess, 'Silver Blaze'?"
I glowered at her. "Keep on reading my mind, I'm going to start wearing an aluminum foil helmet."
"I understand they protect you from alien mind control, too."
Turning back to the window, I caught a glimpse of something I hadn't wanted to see. I backed away and pressed myself against the wall.
"What now?" Alix said.
"Here's a riddle for you, love. What's worse than seeing Sergeant Pfizer sitting in her car?"
"What?"
"Wrong. The correct answer is, seeing Pfizer's car without her sitting in it. It's parked down in the lot, and I know it wasn't there a minute ago."
I was holding the office door open for Alix when the whoosh of the elevator down the hall drove us back inside.
"Let me handle Pfizer," Alix said. "She likes my ass."
"Hey, she'll have to take a number."

Chapter 27

The instant Sergeant Pfizer clicked on the lights, Alix jumped up from my lap where she'd been snuggling. "My God," she said, flustered, brushing her palms down her sides to smooth her leotard. "Where can you get a little privacy anymore?"
The stunt was worth it to see the looks on the faces of Pfizer and her two uniformed flunkies.
I swiveled in Turner's chair and walked it backwards, wheels squeaking on the smooth floor. "Hey, you guys want to play boss-and-secretary with us? You could be office security." I was stalling until I could stand without embarrassing myself. When Alix snuggles, she puts a lot into it.
Pfizer recovered almost immediately. "All right. Very funny. What the hell are you two lunatics doing here? As if I didn't know. I thought I told you to stay out of this. I know I did."
"Our apartment is being fumigated," I said. "We had nowhere else to go."
"Yeah." A particularly malicious smirk crossed Pfizer's lips. "Well, legally speaking I could take you in for obstruction of justice."
"Nonsense. There aren't any signs posted. How could we know?"
Pfizer snapped her fingers and stabbed a thumb toward the door. Immediately one of the officers began taping up an official police notice. "There. There's your sign." She turned to the second officer. "You see a sign there, don't you Robinson?"
"Yes, ma'am."
"See that? You're defying a police order. Now, get out." She hesitated. "Wait, what did you touch in here, anyway?"
"Nothing," I said, "except maybe the floor. We haven't worked out all the details of levitation yet. As you can see there isn't much to touch."
"This is exactly the way you found the place?"
"Didn't move a thing," Alix said, holding up three fingers to signify Scout's honor.
"Good, now get going."
Alix hesitated. "Wait a second, eh, Hannah. What about a little information swap before we go? Just for friendship's sake? A few facts for the road."
"We're not exactly friends," Pfizer said, the latent twinkle in her eyes adding, But I wish we were. "I don't have to swap anything. If you're withholding evidence you're breaking the law. If you have something to say, say it. Otherwise—"
"Okay, I'll go first," Alix said. She faced Pfizer squarely, mentally selecting a tasty bargaining chip from Weisenheimer's initial report on Turner. As she spoke she went through a repertoire of subtle flirtatious gestures designed to soften man, woman or beast (the latter of which included Pfizer). The sergeant's pupils dilated. "Professor Keric Turner was engaged in research on nanomanufacturing. It could have been the motive for killing him."
"What's nanomanufacturing?"
"It's a technique for creating designer proteins that assemble themselves into atomic scale, self-replicating machines."
"Oh, I understand now," Sergeant Pfizer said. "No, wait, I don't understand at all. What does that mean, anyway?"
I smiled. "I'll send around a book—with lots of drawings. The point is, anyone making a significant breakthrough in the field of nanomanufacturing might just end up causing a worldwide revolution."
Alix added, "Or end up dead." She shot a hip almost imperceptibly. "Okay, Hannah, now it's your turn. What do you have on Rose Turner besides her fingerprints on the weapon?"
"We don't need anything else. Wait a second. How do you know that? I thought I told you to stay out of it."
"Oh, we will, won't we, Timothy? Just curious is all. We academics are curious creatures. It's an occupational hazard."
"Off the subject," I said, "you haven't by any chance been contacted by the National Security Service, have you?"
"The National Security Service? Never heard of it."
"Of course not. Stupid question. Come along, love." I hooked an arm around Alix's waist and pulled her toward the door. "Let's find somewhere to finish that dictation and leave the sergeant to her work."
We ambled slowly toward the elevator, which in itself should have raised Pfizer's suspicions because urban academic types hardly ever amble. (We hustle, rush, dart, sprint, etc. knowing, from our broadened perspective, how much there is to cram into our pathetically short lives.)

****

"It was probably this one," Alix said, lightly tapping on the door to the laboratory adjacent to Turner's. Sal and Bobo had mentioned that Turner always stopped off at the lab next door before quitting for the night.
I had the set of picks out and was selecting my weapons when the door cracked open to reveal a pair of thickly bespectacled eyeballs. The picks scattered like startled birds. "Damn pipe cleaners," I mumbled, dropping to my knees to retrieve them.
Alix stepped forward with a smile, offering her hand. "Hello there," she said in her heartiest insurance salesman's voice. "I'm Dr. Fitzsimmons and this is Dr. Legend. We're with the National Grant Coordinating Center." I loved that quick mind of hers.
The door slowly opened. "Um, hi. Bruno Whittaker."
Whittaker seemed pleasant enough, blinking his walnut eyes myopically behind small round Lenin/Lennon-style lenses. He was scrawny and pale—undoubtedly working on his PhD. Only a graduate student perilously behind on his research could achieve that kind of gaunt, haunted effect.
"You're working late, Bruno."
"I always work late. It's quiet at night."
I glanced down the hall toward Turner's lab. I could just make out Pfizer barking orders. "We're conducting a little, uh, spot check of some of the ongoing projects," I said. "In situ you know, trying to match the grant proposals to the research facilities, the actual work going on? You'd be surprised how many times these principal researchers will try to pull the wool over our eyes, heh heh."
Alix nodded in sad agreement.
Hoping that Whittaker hadn't heard about Turner's death, I said, "I suppose you weren't aware that Dr. Turner has moved his facilities out of state."
"No. No one told us. Now that you mention it I haven't seen him for a couple of weeks. I used to see him almost every night. He liked to work late too. To tell you the truth I'm glad he's gone, though."
"You had some disagreement?"
"What? Oh, no. It was those two assistants. They gave me the creeps, the way they were always staring at me in the halls. If I ever went to the coffee machine while they were here they'd follow me all the way back to my lab—never said a word, just stared at me until I closed the door."
"You didn't happen to notice anyone else in Dr. Turner's laboratory in the last few days—hear any strange noises or anything?"
"I think I heard, like, a power tool a little while ago. I thought it was maintenance."
"I'm sure it was. I'm only asking because we noticed there was some equipment missing, according to the inventory. Because of funding regulations, our committee has to approve any transfer of equipment and certify that it arrives at its destination. You're sure no one was here, maybe carrying boxes of papers?"
"Someone besides Dr. Turner or his assistants? No. If anything's gone it must have been taken out during the day."
Whittaker looked back over his shoulder into the recesses of his own work area. "His safe is still here, anyway."
"His safe?"
"Dr. Turner couldn't fit his refrigerated safe in his own lab—no room with all the other equipment. You must have seen all the stuff he had. Anyway, he talked Dr. Chang into letting him keep it in ours. Dr. Chang is head of the department."
Alix pretended to leaf through an equipment list on a clipboard she carried in her shoulder bag. "Refrigerated safe? Ah, here it is."
"You know," Whittaker said. "For saving intermediates and reagents, things like that. I mean, I guess that's what he keeps in there. I've only seen inside a couple of times when he was shifting things around. Bunch of jars and tubes. I suppose if he wants the material to stay refrigerated in transit he's going to have to make special arrangements. The sooner the better. We could use the space ourselves."
"Isn't that a coincidence, Dr. Fitzsimmons?" I said, smiling broadly at Alix.
"An incredible coincidence, Dr. Legend."
She explained to Whittaker that we had been charged with arranging transportation for anything that might require special handling. That was part of the reason for our visit.
"Could we see the safe? We'll make sure Dr. Turner gets it immediately."

****

Fortunately Turner's safe wasn't nearly as massive as safes designed to protect money and jewelry. It wasn't much more than an oversized refrigerator with a simple combination lock. Alix recruited a large hand truck and a dolly from the shipping and receiving area in the basement. After Pfizer and her men had gone, we returned to the fourth floor where we managed to wrestle the refrigerator down the hall and into the freight elevator.
"Here's your receipt," Alix said, handing Bruno Whittaker a bill of lading she'd pilfered from the shipping office and filled in with official-looking gibberish. "Keep this for your files. The Coordinating Center may need to contact you at the end of the fiscal year if there's an audit."
Whittaker was clearly anxious for us to leave so he could get back to his past due research. I shook his hand extravagantly. "Thanks again, Bruno. Dr. Turner will be terribly pleased. We'll let him know how cooperative you were."
In the basement, behind closed doors, Alix tried her hand at the combination. The bet was another twenty, double or nothing. It took a while, but again she won, and without cheating this time.
"No big deal, darling," Alix said as I rolled my eyes in defeat. "With this kind of cheap dial you can be off by one either way on each number of the combination. So, with a dial numbered from zero to sixty, that means there are in effect only twenty positions—sixty over three, see? Assuming it's a three-number combination, all I have to try in effect is four hundred two-digit combinations and then turn the wheel by threes after each of those to find the third number, which—"
"All right, all right. I owe you forty bucks. Save the explanations for when I need a headache. Let's see what we have in here."
The shelves of the refrigerator were lined with small glass tubes in racks and glass-topped jars filled with gray fluid. All of them were labeled with designations meaningless to us. Alix picked out as many as would fit comfortably in her shoulder bag—five it turned out.
Before we left we noted the combination, relocked the safe, set it against the wall next to a soft drink machine, and plugged it in. Its compressor droned quietly as we let ourselves out.

Chapter 28

By now it was well past midnight and the thunderheads had arrived. Each brittle flash of lightning set off a horrific crackle and a rumble as we slinked through the dark. We stopped and listened every few steps for signs of the boys in the unwrinkled suits. We were rounding the corner of Brice, starting toward the center of the campus, when I held Alix back.
"Is that an engine?" I whispered.
"Something over there in the lawn. It's all lit up."
Carefully we edged forward until the lawn was in full view.
"Good grief, it's Pedro."
"Pedro!" Alix called out. "What are you doing?"
Pedro didn't hear. A lightning bolt split the sky, and the ensuing thunder was deafening. We had almost reached the spot where Pedro was standing, gazing at something in the lawn, when we were jolted out of our wits by a loud thwangggg.
I dropped to the ground. Alix dove into the yews against the wall of the building.
Whaaannnng-anng-anng-anng!
"What the hell was that?" I said. I climbed to my feet and inspected my scraped elbow.
Alix moved cautiously toward Pedro, who was waving a pistol over his head and shouting something unintelligible. Beyond him, the headlights of a large yellow construction machine, a backhoe, beamed across the lawn, slicing a long mound of dirt into razor-edged shadows.
"Pedro!" I cried out, and this time he turned. In the eerie light it looked as if he was scowling. He said nothing, but from the way he teetered I gathered that he was still drunk. And from the way he was dressed, I gathered that he was temporarily insane. He was decked out in full battle gear, from khaki army surplus helmet down through camouflaged fatigues to tightly laced combat boots. I shook my head in awe. The custodial key ring at his waist, hanging next to his service holster, jangled with dozens of keys like the dog tags of recent kills. A pair of tank goggles riding high on the front of his helmet was a second pair of eyes. All four eyes looked crazed.
Twaaanng—wang wang wang wang wang—
Pedro whirled and fired his pistol into the ground, then dropped to his belly and crawled forward. We hurried closer. Standing over him, I saw that he was lying with his head and arms over the edge of a freshly dug trench. Each time the horrible sound began, Pedro squeezed off a few more rounds. In the open air, against the majesty of the thunder, the shots were ineffectual little pops.
"Pedro?" Alix said. "What are you doing?"
"You wouldn't help me. I gotta do it myself."
"You know this thing is dangerous," Alix scolded. "You should have waited for us."
Pedro swatted at the air. "Get away. Stay behind the backhoe."
Ignoring his order, I crouched beside him. "Did you see it up close?"
"Not yet. But I'm ready when I do." He pointed to wires that trailed off toward the big yellow earthmover.
Alix and I traded astonished looks. Resting on the ground, half hidden behind the backhoe, was a magneto, the kind they use for blasting, its plunger poised ominously. I leaned forward for a better look inside the trench where Pedro had positioned a series of thick steel panels (the kind that road crews use to cover their ever-unfinished work and that go clank clank when you drive over them). I marveled at the simple ingenuity of Pedro's scheme—all the more incredible because he was blotto. The panels were arranged in a three-sided box at the end of the trench, with a fourth panel set a yard or two away at a forty-five degree angle. In theory, if the creature struck the angled plate just right, it would ricochet into the box, in which Pedro had diabolically set an explosive charge. The idea was nuts, not to mention absurdly dangerous—and it just might work.
"Pedro—"
Ziiinnggg—twaaanng!
Pedro jumped up and moved tentatively toward the backhoe. "It keeps hitting the wrong side of the plate. But one of these times—"
More shrill metallic jangling fractured the night, followed suddenly by a sound we hadn't heard before, like a hand-held circular saw dropped still spinning into a garbage can full of nails.
EEoooowwww—ching ching chingaching—bwaaang—chingaching ching ching—bwaaaaaanggg
"Got him!" Yamamoto cried triumphantly.
"Wait!" I shouted, "Maybe that's not such a good—" but Pedro had already made it to the detonator. With a martial-arts-like cry he threw himself on the plunger.
In a bizarre irony of nature, the resulting explosion mingled with a clap of thunder in such a way that it wasn't obvious that it had occurred at all. Certainly no one at any distance would have attributed the blast to anything but a daringly close lightning strike. The metallic whining stopped. It was replaced by an intermittent sputtering that seemed to come from somewhere very close. In the swirling smoke and dust it was hard to see anything.
Pedro Yamamoto scrambled out into the murk toward the source of the sound. He waved his pistol in front of him, roaring like a deranged postal worker.
We took off after him. After a dozen yards he pulled up. He seemed stunned. He tilted his metal helmet away from his face.
"Good grief," Alix said when she caught up and saw what had been making the sounds.
I took up a cautious position behind Pedro, who was, after all, holding the gun.
"That's the ugliest damned thing I ever saw," Pedro said. "What the hell is it?"
Flopping on the lawn like a fish out of water was a disgusting creature, half metal, half flesh of some kind—or so it seemed—and nearly all teeth, except for a shapely pair of legs that tapered through dainty ankles into pretty little feet. About the size of a football, the thing choked and coughed, and with each spasm chopped a healthy divot out of the grass. With a final raspberry of a gasp it spiraled up into the air and tumbled end over end toward Pedro, who yelped and began firing his pistol into it. Incredibly, he hit it almost every time, with no effect other than to kick it from one trajectory to another. It buzzed and flipped and sputtered until finally it lay still, the debris caught between its teeth smoking in the heat. Pedro advanced and emptied the last of his clip into it. Mostly the bullets glanced off into the dirt, and the reports, loud at close range, were quickly swallowed up by the vastness of outdoors.
The wind had picked up. The air suddenly felt cooler and smelled of electricity.
"You're a professor," Pedro said, adding an edge to the word that I hadn't heard before. "Tell me what that is. It chewed off my friend Armando's foot."
Wrestling with the uneasy notion that at any moment the thing could come alive again, I knelt to examine it. Alix crouched beside me.
"Nanotechnology," she said.
I shook my head. "No, actually it's the new Freddie Kruger Barbie. You buy it and it slashes all your other dolls to bits for no apparent reason." I touched it. It was warm, but that could have been from the explosion. Its skin felt like soft aluminum foil, or metallized leather. "The little molecular self-replicators seem to have come up with a nasty amalgam of Barbie and Jaws."
"Why would Turner want to create something like this?"
"If he did."
"So you know what it is?" Pedro asked.
He sounded furious, and I stood up. "Not exactly. We have a strong suspicion, but we'll have to have it looked at by someone who knows a lot more about it than we do."
"Are you all right, Pedro?" Alix said.
He turned away.
Alix glanced at me and shrugged.
"Ooo-kay, Pedro," I said. "I'm sorry. Alix is sorry. We're both sorry. Will you accept our apology?"
Alix approached Pedro and draped her arm across his shoulders. "We could see how upset you were. We thought if we could stall you until we knew more, we'd all have less chance of getting hurt. We were afraid if you acted impulsively, what happened to Armando might happen to you—that's all."
"But now you see I can take care of myself," Pedro said. He waved his gun at the smoldering gizmo and an impish smirk threatened to break through.
"That's for sure." Alix laughed and patted the big rear tire of the backhoe. "We forgot to figure in the armored cavalry."
"Tonight we learned," I added, "that the Mighty Ohio is a force to be reckoned with."
Pedro's face split into a loopy grin. "I stopped the little fucker, didn't I?"
"That's the understatement of the day." Alix hugged him and pecked him on the cheek. "And now we'd better get out of here before the storm breaks. Do you need any help cleaning up?"
With obvious relief, Pedro Yamamoto slumped his shoulders in exhaustion. "No. I'll handle it." He stared at the creature. "Shouldn't we tell the police?"
"I wouldn't yet," I said. "It'll just confuse them. We can report it later when we have some kind of reasonable explanation."
"We'll take it with us, Pedro. Tomorrow morning we'll get an expert's opinion. We'll call you as soon as we know any more, I promise."
Pedro walked slowly to the backhoe and returned with a galvanized bucket. He scooped the creature into it with a shovel.
Alix and I stood watching for a few minutes as Pedro mounted the huge machine, started it up and proceeded to fill in the trench he'd dug, which was more of a ragged crater after the explosion. Twice, as he dumped scoops full of dirt into the hole, we could hear the terrible rushing of another creature farther down the lawn. Tufts of sod spewed up in its wake as it scurried through the earth.
Alix sighed. "I suppose it was foolish to hope there was only one of them."

Chapter 29

With storm clouds swelling dangerously overhead, Alix and I decided to take the direct path home. We cut across lawns and parking lots, leaning into the swirling gusts that licked at our faces, nostrils filled with the sweet smell of ozone. Its chemical effects quickly reached our brains, inducing a delicious rush of well-being.
"It must be down to seventy-five," Alix said. She hummed a low pleasure note, face angled up to receive the pinpricks of incipient rain. The relief was palpable, like the end of premenstrual tension (I imagine) or when those little chocolate laxatives finally kick in.
"You realize our apartment is going to be like a sauna," I said, the metal bucket clanking against my knee as we walked. "Feel like just getting wet for a while?"
At campus edge we found a bench under a streetlamp and collapsed spread-eagle onto opposite ends.
I needed to sit. My nerves were buzzing and my legs felt like overcooked macaroni. I set the pail down and stretched, rolling my shoulders. The best part of a heat wave is when it lifts.
"Mmmmm," Alix said. She stuck out her tongue to catch the drops. The gesture was incomprehensibly sexy.
Something about a thunderstorm makes time seem to stand still, or at least slow down. In this altered continuum ideas came more easily. "Didn't I read somewhere," I said, "about 'rate of mutation'? A concept in biology? They can estimate how many generations it took two species to diverge by the number of differences in their genes."
"Uh huh, and you're wondering if my cute little Barbie was maybe this deadly porcupine's ancestor? That would have been a pretty rapid mutation."
"Frighteningly rapid."
We stared at the nanocreature folded limp inside the pail like a bloated carp.
Lightning detonated unnervingly close by. The sky rumbled and shook. All along the path the streetlamps were surrounded by halos sketched with streaks of drizzle. Any minute now the sky was going to open wide. Already a scattering of large drops, the avant-garde, was exploding with tiny plops against the asphalt, vanishing in a hiss of steam.
I slid down to Alix's end of the bench. I'd noticed her nipples protruding through her wet leotard when she shivered and my autonomic pattern recognition machinery took over. "Isn't this something? A wet T-shirt contest with only one judge and one contestant."
"I guess I win."
"We both do," I said, gently tweaking the winning entries so they'd show up even better in the poor light.
The five sealed glass jars filled Alix's canvas shoulder bag nearly to overflowing. (Nothing could fill it all the way—I explained that.) I lifted out one of them and held it up. It was still cold from the refrigerator. The gray translucent liquid swirled thickly. A handwritten label pasted to the side read "#511323 ITERATION 377 MOD=G187,G189" along with a few other lines too small to make out in the hazy glow.
"Riddle," I said. "What's gray and comes in quarts?"
"I know," she said dryly, "an elephant. Ha ha. You and Weisie. All right, here's another: who stands to gain most from Turner's death?"
"Ah, now that's a question for Weisenheimer. I'm just a lowly human being."
While we pondered this, an ominous mechanical click came from somewhere behind us. Or it could have been a twig snapped off in the wind, or the slap of a leaf. I hoped it wasn't what I thought it was. Alix's eyes met mine briefly before we craned our heads around. Another click sounded directly in front of us, and a dim figure appeared out of the darkness. We straightened and watched. I surreptitiously flexed my muscles, the way I'd been taught in the weekly Tai Kwon Do class that I hadn't attended since February.
The figure wore a black balaclava pulled over his head, and a white shirt—no suit jacket, but smooth beige trousers that I noticed held a crisp seam.
Wordlessly the man waved an automatic pistol, fitted with a silencer, toward the pail. He made it clear that we were to hand it to a second man who had materialized from the shadows behind us. This one was dressed identically, and he held an identical pistol.
Slow and deliberate, Alix reached for the pail with one hand while digging into her bag with the other. I had no idea what she was up to, but I decided a little misdirection wouldn't hurt. I raised my hands as high as I could, like a cartoon holdup victim.
"Please don't shoot," I whined with shameless conviction. "We'll do anything you say but please don't shoot. Please! Please don't shoot!"
Alix was still rummaging, and my whining was becoming more genuine.
"You can't just shoot us. I mean, you wouldn't shoot us, would you? We're cooperating. You—"
"Shut up!" the man barked. "Just hand over the bucket."
"Please don't shoot! Please—"
"Shut up!" Wielding the silencer like a truncheon, the man behind us swung out and struck me across the side of the head, sending me reeling off the bench, grunting through clenched teeth. Everything sparkled yellow and white.
But swinging the gun had taken it out of play for just long enough. With a flick of her thumb Alix ejected the trigger pin from her tiny personal alarm and tossed it at the man in front. He flinched as it bounced away, its electronic scream shredding the darkness. With her other hand, she pressed the lever on her full-police-strength pressurized pepper concentrate. She whirled and zigzagged the spray across the mask of the one who'd attacked me. He cried out in a rage, flailing wildly. Bullets tore into the ground—thunk thunk thunk—whizzed through the damp air. He clawed at his hood, ripping it from his head. Thunk thunk. I squirmed across the wet grass like a berserk wind-up toy, trying not to get shot. "Jesus!" I wailed. "Watch it! Jesus!" Thunk thunk.
The man in front had his pistol trained squarely on me when he was hit by one of the stray slugs. He groaned and dropped the weapon, clutching at his shoulder. "Fuck! Stop shooting you jack off! You hit me!"
The other one stopped shooting, but only because he was out of bullets. He was whimpering and swabbing savagely at his eyes. I recognized him. It was my buddy Douglas. I calculated that we were almost even now. Almost.
I managed to crawl to the dropped gun and pick it up. I rolled over and stretched out on my back halfway across the path. Propped up on one elbow, I aimed at the one still masked. Alix hurried over and knelt beside me.
The man watched us for a moment while he seemed to make a decision. For what felt like forever the three of us remained motionless.
Then, cradling his wounded shoulder, the man began laughing, a creepy laugh that raised goose bumps. He moved calmly to the bench and picked up the pail. He must have concluded that I was too cowardly to shoot him. But he misjudged me badly. The truth was, I never shoot anyone on the first date—cowardice doesn't enter into it. It's all principle.
With a gentleness that seemed incongruous under the circumstances, the man, still chuckling, led the half-blind Douglas away, occasionally glancing back over his shoulder, pail swinging casually from his hand.
Just then the sky split wide open. Rain came bucketing down, drowning out all other sounds, even the fading whistle of Alix's personal alarm as the battery ran out of juice.
"You could have warned me," I said, nervously training the pistol on every phantom I perceived beyond the shifting curtains of rain. "They could have blown my head off—it feels like they did."
"Wasn't that fantastic?" Alix said, eyes disconcertingly glazed. "Shooting and violence. I feel so alive."
"Yeah? If they'd shot you you'd feel dead. And what about me?"
Alix collected her alarm and slid the pin back into it. "Sorry, darling. I was having one of those attacks of invincibility. You know how that goes. I knew we could stop them."
"Oh really. Well that makes one of us." I was still shaking. I fingered the knot forming above my right temple. "And we didn't exactly stop them. You may have noticed they got the creature." I had never experienced this layer of Alix before. She continued to be a tricky onion to peel.
She kissed my booboo and the pain instantly subsided before instantly returning. "I really am sorry, Timothy. Maybe we should work out some signals if we're going to be doing much of this."
"Probably. No, definitely." I slid the silencer end of the pistol into the waistband of my jeans. "At least they didn't get the bottles."
Alix slung her bag over her shoulder. Still wary, we trudged off toward home, soaked to the skin, hair plastered down in sopping licks. And maybe some of Alix's craziness was rubbing off on me because I was feeling strangely exhilarated, too.

Chapter 30

"Oh, no, not again," I whispered harshly when we were only a few yards from our front porch. "I don't know if I can take any more excitement in one night."
Alix stopped. "What's wrong?"
The rain hadn't let up. Gutters up and down the block rattled with runoff. An overwhelmed storm drain at the curb gargled and spat.
Pointing toward the porch with one hand, I pressed a finger to my lips. Alix leaned her head against my shoulder to sight along my arm, nodding when she saw it: a figure, huddled in the shadows behind the porch railing, shifting just below the front window.
"Could there be an army of them?" I said.
"Maybe we should ask."
"We will. If you're still feeling invincible, let's try plan twenty-four B."
"Refresh me."
"You distract him, I clobber him."
"Oh, that twenty-four B."
When I was in place I signaled Alix. She strolled casually toward the porch steps, whistling what was supposed to have been the first few bars of "Pop Goes the Weasel," but which came out squishy and off key thanks to the rainwater dribbling over her lips.
The person waiting in the dark stood and took a tentative step forward. "Allie, is that you?" is what he might have said, and "Daddy?" is what Alix might have replied, though I was already in motion and it was hard enough to hear anything anyway.
"Aaaarrghhhh!" I growled, lunging up over the railing. I wrapped my arms around the man's shoulders from behind and drove him to the wooden deck with such force that his head bounced. Thinking about my pal Douglas, I got in a half dozen solid shots before Alix could reach me. She pulled frantically at my shirt.
"Timothy, no! Stop it! Don't!"
"Ow! Get off of me, dammit! What the hell's the matter with you?"
I untangled myself and struggled to my feet. My fists throbbed and my face was hot.
When the man seemed to have trouble getting up, Alix helped him. "Allie?" he said, handkerchief out. "What's going on here? Who is this madman?"
"Um, Daddy, this is Timothy—Timothy Legend? Remember I wrote you about him? Timothy, this is my father, Cornell Beaumont Fitzsimmons."
I felt dazed, unreal. I pride myself in self-control, but here, without a thought, I'd nearly pounded the snot out of Alix's father. This whole business was getting to me in ways I didn't like. Also, I especially don't like apologizing, but that was the only civilized option here.
Fitzsimmons was testing for cervical damage with both hands when I stepped forward. "Mr. Fitzsimmons, I—I'm terribly sorry. I had no idea—"
He only scowled and grunted, frowning with undisguised contempt at my outstretched hand.
"Daddy, what on earth are you doing here?"
"I see I should have phoned first. It was a last minute thing. I had some business in the Loop—one of our Great Lakes subsidiaries. I thought I'd drop by afterward. You weren't home so I decided to wait."
"I'm really, really sorry," Alix said. "We thought you were someone else."
"Someone else? Who else? God help them, whoever they are."
Only now did we notice the suitcases stacked against the wall, three creamy leather Louis Vuitton pieces with airline tags looped through the handles.
"You brought luggage?" Alix said.
"Can we talk about it later? I wouldn't mind getting some ice on my head where whatshisname here—"
"Timothy, sir. I really am sorry for—"
"Where Timothy introduced himself."
I started for the bags. "Let me get those," I said, still reeling with guilt and embarrassment and without any more obvious path to redemption. I lifted two of the cases. Alix picked up the third. A sudden thought occurred to me and I set the cases down again. "Wait a second." I bent into the shadows and retrieved the gun. Gesturing ahead, I touched a finger to my lips and waited for Alix to unlock the front door and flick on the lights in the front hall.
"Is that a gun?" Fitzsimmons said. "Is that a gun you have there? For God's sake, Allie."
Back flattened against the wall, I slid inside. I crept from room to room in quick bursts, stretching to peer behind doors, preceding every entrance with the vicious-looking weapon held in a two-handed grip, just like they do on CSI.
Fitzsimmons leaned close to his daughter and whispered, "Is he brain-damaged or something, Allie? What's going on? Are you being held against your will? Blink twice if you are. I can help. I won't let on."
"Daddy, would you believe we get some pretty big roaches in the house?"
"Not for a minute."

Chapter 31

Having secured the house, we brought Fitzsimmons' luggage inside. I filled two plastic freezer bags with ice cubes (exhausting our meager supply normally reserved for Rum and tonic) while Alix transferred Turner's jars and vials to the refrigerator. Cornell Fitzsimmons and I sat in adjoining chairs at the small square oak table in the kitchen, avoiding each other's gaze. Each of us had an ice bag pressed to the side of his head—the same side—and that was when I felt the first uneasy twinge.
Then when Alix needed help making sandwiches, Fitzsimmons and I bumped into each other getting up from the table and I noticed that I'd squished his nose the same way Douglas had squished mine. That prompted a second twinge.
Returning to the table with my sandwich (American cheese with the moldy parts trimmed off) I suddenly realized what was bothering me—besides the fact that Cornell Beaumont Fitzsimmons wouldn't accept my apology. He and I looked exactly alike! Well, not exactly alike—after all, I was forty-one and Fitzsimmons was sixty-five. But he could have been my older twin brother. We were the same height and weight, give or take. We both had sandy brown hair and blue eyes, angular jaws, longish, straight noses—swollen now—with a little bump. We were both trim and fit.
Alike.
So why should that bother me? Okay, I know the old saw: a man looks for a woman like his mother, a woman for a man like her father. But this was absurd. The mere thought of the two of us, pressing our identical ice bags to our identical bruises like Tweedle Dum and Tweedle Dee, plunged me into depression. My relationship with Alix now seemed cheap, as if all she saw in me was my resemblance to her father.
It occurred to me that Fitzsimmons noticed the resemblance too. He stole an occasional sideward glance at me, each time furrowing his brow in puzzlement.
After a brittle silence, we decided to share a cold bottle of Mosel Blumchen. Alix and I had hung our sopping wet clothing over the curtain rod in the bathroom. Because I hadn't a robe of my own (nor was there a single other piece of clothing that wasn't on the floor, in the laundry or at the cleaners) I'd been forced to wear one of Alix's terrycloth robes, the electric pink one. I would have preferred to remain naked, but that didn't seem appropriate with Alix's father there. (We probably had identical dicks, too, and I really wasn't ready to have his flickering gaze confirm that.)
"So this is where you live," Alix's father said to her, adding, in an inflection that plummeted with disapproval, "with him."
"His name is Timothy, Daddy."
"Right. Timothy."
When he wasn't covertly sizing me up, Fitzsimmons was examining the dust that had drifted into the corners and around the bottoms of the stove and refrigerator. Outside, the rain continued with a vengeance. Old windowpanes rattled in their frames against the patter of raindrops and the occasional shove of the wind. Alix busied herself at the sink wiping soiled plates with a paper towel. Without looking up, she said, "I'm waiting."
I blinked. "Excuse me?"
"I'm waiting for you two to shake hands. Daddy, please. We made an honest mistake. Timothy didn't mean to hurt you. Accept his apology and let's start acting like grownups."
I could see that Fitzsimmons was wrestling with his inflated pride—one more thing we had in common. In the end he sighed and smiled stiffly. "No hard feelings." Our handshake was brief. "Tell me, then, uh, Timothy, what do you do for a living?"
"Computers," I murmured.
"Lot of money in that from what I read in the Wall Street Journal." Nodding his grudging approval, he glanced around, trying to equate lots of money with our pigsty.
"Daddy, will you please stop with the inspection? You look like you just ate a lemon."
"It's not where I pictured you living."
"We like it. It has charm."
"It's nice, I suppose."
"In the summer we have a terrific view of the front lawn," I said, thus demonstrating my complete lack of small talk.
Finished at the sink, Alix returned the table to rescue me from having to make two profound statements in a row. "So, why are you here, Daddy? I haven't seen you in four years. There must be an angle. You always have an angle."
"Four years? No! It couldn't be."
"You know it is. Come on, what's the angle?"
"It's humid in here, Allie. How come you don't have air conditioning? With the money I send you, you can't afford air conditioning?"
Alix sighed. She couldn't sit still. She got up and cleared the table. I'd never seen her so doggedly domestic.
Somewhere I had heard that your polite conversationalist will endeavor to show an interest in others' affairs. "So, how's business?" I inquired. "Any new deals in the works?" For a moment I panicked, wondering whether it was bad form to ask such a question without a cigar in my mouth.
Fitzsimmons assayed me sourly. "I am thinking of buying Paraguay if I can get it for the right price."
"It's a nice country."
The neck of the wine bottle clinked against his glass as Alix refilled it. "Okay, Daddy, are you going to tell me why you're here or not? All the other times you stayed in the best suite in town, you bought me dinner at the most expensive restaurant, and next morning you blew away like yesterday's newspaper. Since when do you come calling in the middle of the night with suitcases in hand?"
"And expecting the Ritz," I mumbled under my breath.
Her father sat quietly, frowning. If my presence made him feel less than forthcoming, good. On the other hand I was curious myself why he was here, complicating an already complicated situation. Why now did Alix's almost mythical father have to drop in out of nowhere?
I stood and stretched. "I have some computer work to do," I said, with a wink at Alix. "Why don't I leave you two to catch up on old times? Alix, I'll need to get your version later for Weisenheimer."
"I'll be in in a while."
I retreated to the bedroom and closed the door. Peeling off the robe, I flopped onto the bed. I thought about starting a session with Weisenheimer, but it was no use. At that moment the mystery of Alix was far more compelling. I booted up the server and initiated the sound recorder. After typing aimlessly for a while, I stopped recording and programmed the computer for continuous playback. By the time I padded quietly to the door, the sounds of typing filled the little room. Good old Timothy was hard at work at the keyboard, wasn't he?

Chapter 32

I pressed my ear against the door and, between the clickety-clicks of the recording behind me, heard Alix's father speaking in a quiet voice.
"I got your card, Allie—the birthday card you sent. Thank you."
"You're welcome. I hope you took some time off to celebrate. Were you with someone?"
"The thing is, Allie, when I got your card, for some reason it just hit me. I said to myself, Jesus, I'm sixty-five. I'm sixty-five years old. That's when a lot of men retire, you know—not that I ever would, of course."
"Of course."
"But I was just thinking, what if I did? Say for the sake of argument I did retire. What would I have to retire to?"
"I know a lot of people who wouldn't mind retiring to their own Caribbean island with hot and cold running jet setters and servants in every room."
The dramatic sigh that followed was undoubtedly meant to convince Alix that voicing his feelings was a supreme effort. "That's not what I mean and you know it." I heard the glug as Fitzsimmons drained his glass, followed by the scraping sound of a chair over linoleum. "Allie, to tell you the truth, now that I think about it I don't even know why I'm here. I guess—the birthday card. And your birthday is coming up. Next week, isn't it?"
"You're not sure?"
Long pause.
"Look, this was a mistake. I must be getting senile in my old age."
Alix was really dragging him over the coals. I was almost feeling sorry for the handsome old coot. "Daddy, you're so full of shit," she said with a vehemence that startled me.
"Look, if you don't want me to stay it's no problem—"
"Daddy—"
"I'll call a cab—if you can find a phone under all this mess. Your mother never let junk pile up wherever it fell. She was a very orderly woman."
"Daddy, you're staying right here."
"No, no. I made a mistake."
"You're staying here. Period. End of discussion."
"You're sure? What about—whatshisname?"
"Timothy."
"Right, Timothy. He won't mind?"
"He'll be delighted. Trust me." Now it sounded as if Alix was rustling around in the front closet where we kept the linens. "Here we go. Sheets, towels, blanket. We don't have an extra pillow."
"Okay, Allie. But if I'm going to be here for a few days I think the two of us should talk about you and this Timothy character. Is he stable? He doesn't seem completely normal to me. And why does he have a gun? I hope you're not in some kind of trouble. Why did he attack me? Who did he think I was?"
"We'll talk about it tomorrow. I just want you to understand one thing. I'm not buying this sudden sentimentality. I want you to stay because I'm dying to know the real reason you're here."
"I told you, Allie. Your birthday—you're my only—"
"Right. And the last time you showed this much emotion was when the stock market dropped seven hundred points."
"That was some day, wasn't it? But you're wrong about—"
"You'll sleep here on the couch. Use the cushions for a pillow. I'm sorry it's not more luxurious."
"Do you really have roaches?"
"The size of rats. And they come out the minute the lights go off. Sleep tight, Daddy."
"Allie—"
"We'll talk in the morning."

Chapter 33

I was so stunned by Alix's treatment of her father that I almost didn't react when the doorknob turned. At the last second, I dove for the bed, slapping at the ESCAPE key. The sound playback stopped just as Alix entered.
"Mmmm. Cute view." She angled her head to study my naked derrière.
"It's a new ergonomic typing position." I pecked out a few characters to demonstrate. "So, is your father staying?"
Her face gave nothing away. "On the couch. Is that a problem?"
"Not at all."
"Because you have that look."
"What look?"
"That I'm-going-to-pout-until-you-read-my-mind-and-ask-me-what's-wrong look."
"Oh, that look." I tried rearranging portions of my face with no success. The pout wouldn't go away. "Okay. You win. I don't suppose you noticed that your father and I look exactly alike."
"You think so?"
"Alix—"
"All right, you have similar looks. So what?"
My pout got poutier.
Alix shook her head to the side, which usually means I can't believe I'm hearing this. "Oh, wait, I get it." Her face suddenly opened up as if my thoughts had just been injected verbatim right behind her eyes. "You're afraid I'm attracted to you just because you look like my father—which, if it's true, means the real deep down you has nothing to do with it."
I stared stupidly, the man with the transparent brain.
"And your monumental ego couldn't accept that, could it? That the inner Timothy doesn't enter into the equation."
"I—um—"
Alix nudged me away from the keyboard and sat on the edge of the bed. "Let's do this scientifically." She logged into the Weisenheimer network with a speed that shocked me. I never imagined she knew all the passwords.
Weisenheimer opted for flattery this time. He appeared as me, albeit with deep stress circles under his eyes. "Good morning Dr. Legend," he said in my voice. The effect was disconcerting. "I am surprised that you are awake at this hour (01:17:44 CDT). Are you unable to sleep? Perhaps you are experiencing an imbalance in your brain chemistry. I understand that is common in humans of your age. If you will provide me with the results of a recent blood analysis I will suggest a natural dietary regimen."
I'm experiencing an imbalance in my brain chemistry all right, I thought, but it has nothing to do with sleeping. I made a mental note to trim back Weisenheimer's New Age inclinations.
Alix said, "Hi, Weisie."
"Good morning, Dr. Fitzsimmons."
"You can help Dr. Legend to sleep if you'll put together a report showing the differences between him and my father, Cornell Beaumont Fitzsimmons. Can you do that?"
"I will do so, Dr. Fitzsimmons. I hope my information is helpful. I have a large financial record on Cornell Beaumont Fitzsimmons, but I am missing detailed anthropometric and historical data. My sources are limited to magazine articles and public records."
"Do what you can."
"That is redundant. It is only logical that I cannot do what I cannot."
"Then just do, okay?" I snapped, feeling patronized by the pair of them.
In seconds a table began to fill in:



I hit the ESCAPE key at the first hint of my ego flopping around like a flat tire. The table disappeared.
"All right," I said. "So I'm not motivated by money."
"Well, that should prove something. If I really wanted a replica of my father, wouldn't I have gone after one of those North Shore high rollers up in Lake Forest or somewhere, or maybe even snagged a shipping magnate in some glamorous European resort?"
She was right. She had the horsepower to have done just that. Good old reliable logic. "So the fact that I'm a financial zero means you really do love me."
"It must."
"Or—wait—could it be that I'm the opposite of your father and you're just rebelling—"
"Timothy! Enough." (I know it's a cliché, but she really was beautiful when she was angry—when she was happy too; in fact, all the time.) "I'm going to give you two choices. One, I strangle you, two, we forget your deeply ingrained insecurities and fuck. What's it going to be?"
If I told you that was a tough one you'd know I was kidding. Still, there was a murder waiting to be solved, so we agreed to skip foreplay in favor of a Weisenheimer briefing. The only other thing we skipped was a review of Weisenheimer's resulting analysis. That could wait until morning.

Chapter 34

The folks who built these old Victorian townhouses hadn't a shred of our modern obsession with personal comfort. Whatever you want, it's invariably in a room at the opposite end of the apartment from where you are. The toilet for example. The clock on the nightstand read 3:21 in numerals that glowed as green as Alix's eyes. I slipped out from under the thin sheet, quietly made my way to the bedroom door and opened it. The storm had mostly ended. The only sounds I heard were the variable rush of the wind and the tick of a few random drops against the windows—and a faint disturbance in the direction of the kitchen. I returned to my nightstand and found the pistol. If the wrinkle-free lads were back, I wanted to be ready. Holding Alix's robe closed with one hand, I felt my way through the dark and reached the kitchen just as Cornell Fitzsimmons was closing the refrigerator door.
"Mr. Fitzsimmons?" I said.
I couldn't see what happened next, but I heard a grunt followed by a thwop, followed by "Damn it!" I found the light switch and flipped it on. Fitzsimmons was standing in his boxer shorts, blinking in the sudden brightness. Four of the jars we'd taken from Turner's safe were cradled in his arms. The fifth had fallen to the floor and split open like an overripe melon. Gray fluid oozed out, spreading with the consistency of brains.
I watched his surprise explode into indignation. "Do you always sneak up on people?"
"Only late at night when they're rifling my refrigerator."
"With a gun."
"You never know. Were you looking for something in particular, or you just had a fit of the munchies?"
"I'm accustomed to a glass of milk at night."
I pointed to the jars. "That's not milk."
"I know that. I thought maybe there was some behind them, but all you have is beer and pitcher of God knows what." Fitzsimmons carefully replaced the jars.
"There's some half-and-half." I went to the fridge and found the pint carton in plain view on the top shelf.
There was barely a mouthful left, which Fitzsimmons swallowed grudgingly. "I get pains in my esophagus unless I get up and have some milk."
"Don't move," I warned him. "There's glass all around your feet. I'll go get something to clean it up."
It took me a while. We had no mop, no pail, no dustpan. By the time I returned with a thin sheet of cardboard, Fitzsimmons had already scooped up the mess using our rubber drying mat and was rinsing the last vestiges down the drain.
Alix materialized behind me, muzzy-faced, scratching and yawning. "Timothy? Daddy? What's going on?"
"Apparently your father has cravings."
"I wanted some milk. Is that so unusual?"
Gradually coming awake, Alix noticed the fragments of the jar littering the sink. "Oh, God, you broke one of the jars?"
"Your boyfriend here likes to sneak up on people. With guns."
Alix examined the shards and worked out that the gray goop had been washed down the drain. This seemed to upset her. She turned to me. "Is that a good idea? Letting that stuff get into the sewer system?"
"Why?" Fitzsimmons said. "What is it, anyway? It smells terrible."
"Too late now," I said. "Let's go back to sleep and worry about it in the morning."

Chapter 35

The first slice of sunlight through the bedroom window woke me. I pried my eyes open with the tips of my fingers and discovered that I was being treated to a throbbing duet consisting of Alix snoring gently beside me and her father sawing away in the living room beyond the closed door. Amazingly, the two were playing the same tune. Genetics? Alix was smiling in her sleep. I watched her for a while, fascinated by the way a person asleep always appears serene, worry lines vanished in the absence of stress. In a perfect world people would always look this way. Snuggling closer I felt a familiar, pleasant tingle and decided it was time for her to wake up. I reached underneath the sheet and let the itsy bitsy spider dance a few steps on her belly.
"All-iix," I murmured melodically.
Her snoring stalled in a sputter. "Hmpf, wha?"
She came around slowly, eyelids fluttering, until her luminous green eyes were watching me like the numerals on a microwave oven. The spider did a little spirited jig in the direction of the START button. Alix moaned and rolled toward me. In no time we were grappling like sworn enemies, each trying to subdue the other in the name of carnal avarice. The bed bounced, the walls shook, the entire room began to quake.
The room began to quake!
I catapulted to my knees.
Alix twisted out from under me and sat bolt upright, panting. "Wha's happen'?" she wheezed, too breathless to speak clearly.
Before I could answer, the room wrenched sideways. Nails strained in the walls, shrieking like enraged crows as they gave way. A shelf that hadn't been mounted too expertly in the first place pulled free. The double row of paperbacks heaped on it came crashing down in an avalanche. Half a dozen framed photographs on the walls swayed violently.
"Earthquake?" I speculated in disbelief. I was on my feet, staggering toward the window.
"What's that noise? That hissing."
Again the room lurched. A chunk of falling plaster barely missed Alix. It exploded in dust like a bomb at her feet.
"Timothy!"
I stretched on tiptoes to see out the window above the air conditioner. "Sounds like steam leaking or something."
Faint at first, the hissing grew louder and more chaotic, more insistent, undulating, as if a hoard of locusts were buffeting the house in waves.
"It can't be an earthquake," I said. "The building next door isn't moving. It's something right here in the basement."
Without warning the floor dropped at least a foot. The resulting strain burst the window pane into sharp angry missiles that rained over my naked body as I dove out of the way. Some of them grazed me and drew blood.
Cornell Fitzsimmons picked just that moment to break down the bedroom door. It had become wedged into its frame and he fell on top of it when the hinges snapped. "Allie, are you all right?"
I couldn't help noticing Fitzsimmons' expression during the fractional hesitation as he took in the scene: his daughter lying naked on the bed with her questionable, gun-toting man naked and semi-erect beside her, both dappled with glass shards. No doubt if he weren't so terrified himself he might have done something unpleasant. Alix noticed, too, and I knew that his concern pleased her. It was a reaction impossible to counterfeit and it meant, to her, that in some small way he cared.
As quickly as it appeared, her father's expression vanished. His lips tightened. I noticed that his arms were bloodied from wrists to elbows and his fingers were scraped raw, as if he'd been clawing at something.
"What the hell's happening to this building of yours?" He had to shout above the hiss that was now loud enough to drown out normal sounds. "Everything's falling apart. The front door's jammed. I couldn't even get close to the back—some kind of acid on the floor." He lifted a foot to display ragged holes eaten into the sole of an expensive leather slipper.
I fumbled for the robe I'd worn the night before while Alix wrapped herself in hers.
A supporting column must have shattered. From somewhere in the basement a terrible crunching accompanied a violent shift. This time the floor came to rest at a steep angle, launching the bed, the dresser and the weathered steamer trunk bearing the computer monitor into a massive slide toward the lowest corner. Patches of what Fitzsimmons had described as acid now began to churn up the threadbare carpet, devouring it with alarming speed.
Having already torn the bedclothes from the bed, I was trying to hold myself steady enough to toss them through what was left of the window for protection against the sharp edges as we climbed out.
"Grab anything you can't live without," I called back over my shoulder, "and let's get out of here."
Alix looped her arm through the strap of her cosmic, all-purpose shoulder bag and hopscotched around the fulminating pools to get to the refrigerator. She gathered up Turner's jars, stuffed them into her bag. On an impulse she added a six-pack of Dos Equis longnecks, demonstrating, I thought, almost superhuman cool under pressure.
The neighbors must have called 911. The wail of sirens penetrated the hiss, and behind them the throaty growls of fire engines, the big kind that need two people to steer and that inspire children to want to become firemen until they learn about pay scales. People were shouting from somewhere outside the walls.
"Hurry it up," I said. I helped Fitzsimmons carry his suitcases to the window when it was clear that he wasn't going to leave without them. I couldn't think of anything in particular of my own I wanted to save, but just so I wouldn't appear totally non-materialistic, I fetched a barely-used laptop computer from the closet and flung it out the window. If it survived, it survived. Together Fitzsimmons and I were able to shove the luggage out.
The walls were being eaten away from below. Brown foam oozed out where the baseboards used to be, and the ceiling was rapidly lowering.
I locked my fingers in a cradle to give Alix a step up to the window. She elevated herself high enough to prop one knee onto the air conditioner, then the other. She was just about to climb through the window when the entire building detached from its foundation with an explosive rumble and collapsed into the basement, shearing off the rear of the air conditioner. Alix dropped to the floor with a groan.
She clung to me, stunned and shuddering, gaping at the guillotined air conditioner. "Whoa, Timothy, that was close."
"Allie!" her father said. He rushed to help her up. "Baby, are you all right?" He hugged her. "Oh my God."
"I'm okay." She pointed to the window. "But none of us are going to be okay for long. There's no way out now."
She was right. The window had dropped completely below the foundation line. Blocked by the old clay bricks, there was no longer any chance of making it out, and the bedroom door was lost in the foaming cauldron that had once been the floor.
"Now what?" Fitzsimmons said. Real terror burned in his eyes. "I'm not supposed to die in here. I'm too rich."
The gray-brown foam swirled closer, dissolving everything it touched.
I thought I heard faint voices directly above us. "There's only one thing left to do."
"Yes, anything," Fitzsimmons said.
I took a deep breath. "Helllllp! Helllllp! Helllllp!"
Alix and her father joined in. "Helllllp! Helllllp!"
And gosh if it didn't work.
Gradually a team of firefighters wielding axes managed to hack through the ceiling. The hole formed maddeningly slowly. By the time it was big enough to pass a man's shoulders the foam was lapping at our feet. A tiny drop burned my toe, and when I tried to whisk it away it burned my hand.
Flushed with exertion, the anxious young face of a fireman appeared in the hole, "You folks okay down there?"
"Not if we stop for a chat," I said. "Get us out of here."
"I'll get a rope, I'll be right back."
"Wait! We don't have that long—"
I was already standing with one foot on top of the other to fit into the remaining few square inches that weren't already under attack by the corrosive goo. We had only seconds left before serious damage was done.
"Hey, doc, gimme your hand."
The voice was Bobo's, but the face could have been the Virgin Mary's for its effect on us. His monstrous mitt hung down through the ceiling like the business end of a construction crane.
Effortlessly he hauled Alix up, then her father.
The soles of my feet were still sizzling when Bobo deposited me onto the floor above. With professional efficiency, firefighters helped the three of us out a second story window and down a ladder to the ground, which wasn't all that far anymore since the first floor had almost completely dissolved.

Chapter 36

A team of fire department paramedics noticed me hobbling around on my damaged feet. Concerned foremost, no doubt, with insurance and liability, they tried to hoist me onto a stretcher. I refused. They insisted. I refused again. As they circled me, preparing to apply their life saving techniques forcibly, Bobo intervened.
"Leggo the doc or I'll break your fuckin' face."
They settled for my signature on a release form. Departing, they walked backwards, unwilling to turn their backs on this threatening giant until it was absolutely safe.
"You okay, Doc?" Bobo said with genuine concern.
Remembering how he had reacted to Rose's dilemma, I decided that, size notwithstanding, his best quality was compassion. "I won't be tap dancing soon, but overall I'm fine." I faced him. "By the way, thanks for rescuing us and all, but how did you happen to be here?"
"Oh, we was coming to get you to go see Rose. She's outta the slammer."
"Ah. Well then, let's go find Dr. Fitzsimmons."
Alix and her father were huddled in blankets, sitting on the lawn near one of the fire trucks and gazing numbly at what remained of our building.
"Will you look at that," Fitzsimmons exclaimed, his face an awkward amalgam of shock and relief. "I never saw anything like it."
Nor had Alix or I. We watched our seedy Victorian love nest melt into a bubbling liquid like an ice cube on hot pavement.
"I liked that apartment," Alix said.
I wrapped a comforting arm around her shoulders. "I know," I said. I could have lied and added, "Me too," but I wanted our relationship to remain honest.
In the confusion, with uniformed public servants scurrying everywhere, I managed to coax a pretty brunette paramedic into spraying my feet with water. It seemed to help. I examined the damage. Several layers of skin had been eaten away as cleanly as if I'd shaved it with a razor blade. Blood coagulated in patches over the open capillaries. The young woman went on to swab me with some kind of unguent and bandage me up. There must have been a topical pain killer in the mix, because moments later the pain subsided. I was thanking her profusely when Sal came trotting up, out of breath.
"Hey there, Doc, Doc," he addressed Alix and me, then eyed Fitzsimmons suspiciously.
"My father," Alix said.
"Oh, hi, Pop." Sal leaned close to me, "Listen, I just talked to the boss. He says from now on we're gonna watch out for you, see that nothin' bad happens." He flashed me a wide rodent grin, as if he'd just conferred a priceless gift, which might have been true, except I remembered that their previous charge had been shot seven times and buried in a compost heap. Still, I didn't want to sound ungrateful.
"Wonderful," I said.
Emergency equipment continued to arrive. By now half a dozen pieces of gleaming red and chrome vehicles were positioned at odd angles in the middle of the street, up on the lawn, anywhere they could fit. They sat with their engines idling, doing nothing, their crews waiting awkwardly for orders that weren't being given. Police vehicles with their lights whirling and flashing had sealed off the street at both ends of the block. Now and then a siren would whine briefly. Official-looking people ran back and forth aimlessly. And the remnants of the building continued to disappear into the muck.
"Allie," Fitzsimmons said, "We were almost killed. What in the hell is going on? There's something you're not telling me."
"Well I guess we're even on that score." Alix stood suddenly and pointed toward the building. "Timothy, look."
The house was little more than a flat tarred roof foundering like a raft in the foul syrupy liquid, the image enhanced by the fact that three neat young men in unwrinkled suits were huddled against our television antenna like sailors clinging to a mast. The arm of a cherry picker, operated by the fire department, hovered near them, positioned to scoop them off to safety. One of the men was holding a small black case with wires attached to it.
I shook my head. "Don't you miss the old days when the only people carrying black bags were doctors?"
Moments later a middle-aged man in navy slacks and a navy coat with gold buttons and official-looking shoulder patches approached. His pillbox-shaped cap sported more doodads than a used hubcap display, which meant he was probably in charge. He was holding an open notebook and a pen.
"Excuse me, sir, do you know if there were any caustic materials being stored in the building?"
I shrugged. "A few pilfered copies of Rush Limbaugh's The Way It Should Be that we were using for toilet paper, but nothing that would have caused this."
He narrowed his eyes and frowned.
"Ma'am, do you have any knowledge of what this material might be? Some kind of volatile chemical substance, or—?"
Alix shook her head. "No idea, Captain. We just rent the bottom apartment."
"Where can I find the upstairs tenants?"
"Hiking trip in Colorado, I believe."
"I see."
"We were almost killed in there," Fitzsimmons said to the fireman. "I hope you're planning a thorough investigation, because I have political connections that..."
While Alix's father threw his weight around, blah blah blah, I examined my feet once more. The fact that they were feeling much better, even where the paramedic had missed spreading salve, gave me an idea. I interrupted the captain, who was squirming under the onslaught of the rich and influential. Clearly the manual had no standard procedure for preventing a house from dissolving before your very eyes. "Don't waste any more time thinking, Captain," I said. "Just pretend it's a fire and put it out."
"What's that, sir?"
"The stuff washes away. Trust me." I raised a bandaged foot and pointed to it. "It worked on me. It'll work on the house. Give it lots of water, dilute it as much as you can, but hurry up. If you wait too long it'll spread to the buildings next door."
The excavation, all that was left now of the foundation, did seem to be widening. The destruction was spreading, and the captain hesitated only a moment before barking out orders to drench the site. How rare is a public official who takes the advice of a mere citizen?
Hoses unfurled. Pumps whirred to life. It wasn't long before high arches of water lofted into the remains of the building. The backspray felt cool on the bare vee of my chest left exposed by the robe. Alix reached into her bag and brought out the six-pack she'd rescued. She opened three bottles with a small pair of pliers and handed one each to me and her father, then served up two more to Sal and Bobo when she saw them looking on hopefully.
"I ain't seen nothin' like this, even on that Supernatural show," Sal said.
I clinked my bottle against each of the others. "Here's to staying ahead of Supernatural."
The water was, in fact, neutralizing the goop. The hissing subsided, and the remaining sections of the roof were now floating free, no longer dissolving. As the last of the unwrinkled secret agents was rescued, a scattering of applause broke out among the more jaded in the crowd.
"Timothy," Fitzsimmons said with a nettling, authoritative ring. I noticed it was the first time he'd spoken my name without a hitch in his voice. "I don't know what this is all about, but if you've placed my daughter in danger—"
"Timothy, look who's here," Alix interrupted.
Fighting her way through the crowd of onlookers and teams of reporters and cameramen busy with their work was Sergeant Pfizer. Her face was dark. She set her jaw and made straight for us.
"Why do I always find you two at the center of every disaster in my jurisdiction? Have I done something to offend the gods?"
I pulled a diffident grin. "I doubt it. That kind of thing only makes hair grow on your palms."
"So what's going on here? And please don't tell me you have no idea. That scares the hell out of me. Every time you have no idea, things always get worse."
"If you really want to know what's going on, Sergeant, you should ask a National Security Service agent named Carl Wiggins. He knows a lot more than we do, and I'm sure he's wandering around here somewhere." I scanned the crowd trying to spot the agent. "He won't talk to me, but he might to you. I'm sure you two will hit it off. He doesn't smile either."
"Again with the National Security Service," Pfizer growled.
I sighed. "If you're not interested in answers"—I raised myself carefully, so as not to put too much pressure on the tender spots, and started to hobble away. "Stay here, I'll be right back."
"Just hold it, Legend, where are you—?"
Before wandering off, I whispered briefly to Alix, who nodded without taking her eyes from Pfizer.
"There's going to be a lot of agencies involved in this investigation," Pfizer called after me with growing irritation. "When this hits the news citizens are going to demand to know if their own homes are going to melt down, and nobody can blame them. If either of you is holding anything back you can be prosecuted, you know."
But I was already moving through the crowd, ignoring a barrage of questions from the assembled gallery, some of which revolved around the origins of my pink bathrobe and my availability. While Pfizer had been plying her assertiveness training on us, I had caught a glimpse of Agent Wiggins skulking in the background, watching us intently. I was sure Wiggins would approach me if I made it easy enough.

Chapter 37

Agent Wiggins caught up with me when I stopped to lean against a lamppost at the corner. Those few curious latecomers who were still filtering into the street paid no attention to the two of us. After all, what was a pale man wearing a tight pink robe talking to a black man in a neat tan suit compared with flashing emergency lights and sirens? I pretended to be surprised when Wiggins appeared beside me.
"Well, Carl. May I call you Carl?"
"You were asked not to interfere, Dr. Legend."
"True. Unfortunately, I never don't interfere unless I know what it is I'm not interfering in."
For an instant Wiggins looked as if he might attempt to unravel my syntax, but then he shifted his weight back on his heels and reached inside his jacket. Still chronically neat, the agent must have passed a little too close to the fire hoses because his lapels had curled slightly with moisture—not wrinkled, mind you, just curled.
"I'm afraid you leave me no choice, Dr. Legend. I'm going to have to take you into custody. It's for your own good."
Wiggins withdrew his service revolver. He trained the gun on me and produced a pair of handcuffs.
"I'm really sorry about this, Dr. Legend. Hands behind your back, please."
I turned slowly, stretching my arms obligingly toward the cuffs. "Oh, no, really, I'm the one who should be sorry. It always pains me to make a fool out of a public servant. You people are paid so little as it is, don't you think?"
In the split second before Wiggins could act on instinct, Alix jabbed the barrel of her weapon sharply into his back. "Freeze," she growled in a deep voice with a vaguely Brooklyn accent, "or I'll blow your spine out through your belly button."
Wiggins stiffened. He raised his hands carefully in an almost automatic response. Apparently he'd had some practice surrendering. I relieved him of his revolver and cuffs. "Now you turn around slowly, Carl me lad, hands behind your back."
"You realize this is a federal offense."
"We permit ourselves to be offensive as long as we don't actually commit a crime."
As he faced Alix, she raised her empty Dos Equis bottle and sighted along it. "Kapow," she said. She blew across the neck to clear away any lingering gun smoke, and when the bottle replied with a low, melodic poot, Wiggins' face darkened to burnished charcoal.
"So," I said, "Are you ready to tell me and my moll here what this is all about? Why was Turner murdered? Why were all of his notes removed? Why did you and your muscle-headed goons melt down our house and risk the lives of innocent people—or guilty people if you happen to be an evangelical?"
"And my father," Alix added.
"Right. Reckless endangerment of rich people is a serious crime in this country."
"We had nothing to do with that."
"I see. Then your compadres were just up on the roof for a picnic."
"Our mission has nothing to do with the destruction of your house."
"Then why were they up there?"
"I'm sorry. I have no authority to answer your questions."
Wiggins wasn't going to give in easily. I scratched my ear. "Well, that leaves us no choice then." Glancing around to be sure no one was watching, I raised the pistol.
Wiggins went pale-ish. "You're not going to shoot me."
"Nope," I said. I twirled the pistol around my trigger finger and slipped it into the pocket of my robe. "We're going to tie you to a chair and make you watch every movie Jerry Lewis ever made." After a pause to allow the horror to sink in, I added, "Just kidding. No one's that sadistic."
Alix affixed a strip of duct tape to Wiggins' mouth just as Carmine Bocci's Mercedes rolled up to the curb with Sal at the wheel. Bobo got out. It seemed miraculous that all of him could fit into the passenger side. He lifted Wiggins as if the agent were a piece of luggage and deposited him into the back seat. Alix and I climbed in after him.
"You got no other clothes?" Sal said, frowning at me in my dainty wrap. "Hard to be anonymous, you dressed like that."
"You're absolutely right." I tapped Agent Wiggins on the shoulder. "Carl, buddy, I need you to do me a favor."

****

"Look, Ma, no wrinkles," I said a few minutes later as the Mercedes slithered down a loading ramp and into the bowels of a dreary, dilapidated warehouse in a dreary, dilapidated neighborhood that no grand jury could ever force us to identify. I smoothed the tan lapels against my chest. Wiggins was a size or two smaller than I was, but the misfit was hardly noticeable if I remembered to slouch. Sal flashed me the old circled-finger okay sign in the rear view mirror. I felt like a hundred bucks.
"You old smoothie," Alix said, kissing me on the cheek.
Was it that easy? Did smooth clothes really make the smooth man? Curled up on the seat in his underwear, Wiggins looked like a cobra ready to spit venom.

Chapter 38

I let Sal do the honors. He tied Wiggins to a wooden chair in a small office. Sal had wanted Bobo to conduct an old-style interrogation, but Alix convinced him that there was already too much violence in the world. When Wiggins was secure, we strolled out into the main warehouse while Sal entertained us with anecdotes concerning Carmine's nephew's vast discount enterprise.
"One time—hah!—one time this whole convoy of trucks disappears, see—poof—and six months later they find 'em all parked in an abandoned tunnel, cleaned out slicker'n quail shit. The kid's got balls, huh?"
The kid had more than balls. Alix and I took an informal inventory of his loot. Shelves that stretched away into the distance were crammed with appliances and bulk goods. There didn't seem to be any order. Cartons of Chivas Regal stood beside crated washer/dryer combos, which made finding everything we needed a tedious hit-and-miss affair.
"It's amazing that anything gets through to retail outlets," Alix whispered.
Eventually we were able to assemble a fairly high-end PC in the office—CPU, modem, speakers, microphone, video camera, a 24-inch monitor—all the comforts of home.
Wiggins' eyes followed my movements around the office like the eyes of an ancestral portrait. Every time I touched a length of wire he shrank into his chair, imagining, I was sure, the agony of electric shock. It took a while to get all the circuit cards plugged in and working, but eventually I booted up the computer and cranked up the Weisenheimer network.
"Good afternoon, Dr. Legend. You are communicating from an unusual location."
Glancing nervously at Sal, I said, "Forget the location. Erase it from your memory."
"Done."
Weisenheimer was still using my image to present himself. I saw Wiggins roll his eyes—thinking, naturally I suppose, that I was an egomaniac. I considered explaining that it was Weisenheimer's idea, not mine, until I remembered one of my ironclad credos: Never apologize, never explain. Power resides in mystery. "Weisenheimer, we have a little job for Doc Mesmer. Can you call him up?"
"Certainly, Dr. Legend. I will need a video camera."
Alix had already connected the camera to the PC and was focusing it on Wiggins's face. The agent glanced from her to me to the screen, waiting for the bad news. Poor bastard. He had no idea. If he suspected I was raving before, by now he was sure.
When Alix was finished, she approached Wiggins. "Here, let me make you comfortable." She took hold of the duct tape across his mouth and ripped it away in one quick motion, the way you're supposed to do to minimize pain. Wiggins screamed anyway.
"This is kidnapping, unlawful restraint, obstruction of justice, interfering with—" She moved to reattach the tape and he twisted away. "Okay, okay."
I don't remember what first prompted us to teach Weisenheimer hypnosis. I do remember feeding him the texts of some dozen or so books on the subject. The next day we surprised our UPS driver, the one who repeatedly refused to wait the thirty seconds it took for us to answer the door. He struggled, but Alix and I managed to subdue him. After a single one-hour session with Weisenheimer, we never again found one of those little yellow sorry-you-weren't-home notes. In fact, sometimes he'd be sitting like a loyal dog on our front steps when we returned, waiting to hand over his precious cargo in person.
The screen filled with a jumble of pinwheels and shifting psychedelic shapes that could bring on nausea if you stared too long. But Weisenheimer's real contribution was in using visual feedback of the subject's facial expressions to bring him to the brink of hurling without going beyond. And in that fragile state, the power of suggestion seemed to increase a hundredfold.
"You feel heavy, very heavy. Your limbs weigh a ton—"
We left Bobo there to watch Wiggins. "If he refuses to stare at the screen, hold his head so that he has to. Got it?"
"Sure, Doc. I ain't no dummy." He grinned at Wiggins. "So you better watch the screen, Mister Agent, huh?"
Spirals rotated, pulsating in rainbow hues, sucking the mind into their continuously receding centers. "You can no longer keep your eyes open..."
We cleared out of the office, leaving Wiggins to voice his appreciation. "You'll rot in prison for the rest of your lives. I promise you."
"Enjoy," Alix said as she closed the door.
Sal's pinched rodent face looked even more pinched. "You don't mind me sayin', doc, this is crazy. In five minutes Bobo could—"
"Have faith in science, my friend. In a while the poor man's mind will be oatmeal. He'll tell us everything we want to know."

Chapter 39

Carmine Bocci had arranged to meet us at the warehouse. He arrived on time with Rose, who, half a head taller, clutched his arm unsteadily. Accompanying them was a tall, cadaverous man in a chalk-stripe suit (slightly wrinkled), puffing on a flattened cigarette that was glued to his lower lip.
"This here's Mort," Carmine said, "the family lawyer." Carmine looked calm, which was a relief. Evidently the presence of his sister kept him from going jittery and saved wear and tear on Bobo's chin. To Mort he said, "This is them professors I told you about."
"I hope you're a lawyer and not an attorney," I said.
"Whattya mean?" Years of smoking had mummified his face. His name couldn't have been more fitting.
"Never mind."
Alix went to Rose and hugged her. Rose was wearing a small velvet hat with a black veil trailing down the front. She seemed wobbly on her feet. "Rose, are you all right?"
"They put me in jail," she said, as if that was the most unimaginable thing that could have happened to her. "I was in jail all night." She bit back the tears. "They actually think I killed Keric."
Carmine touched her shoulder. "It's okay, Rosie. The docs're gonna fix it. Everything's gonna be okay."
I wished I had Carmine's confidence, for our sake.
"What the hell's that?" Carmine wanted to know when Wiggins's agonized voice filtered out through the office wall: "Let go of me!"
"Bobo is helping us conduct an interrogation. Scientifically."
Carmine looked at Sal, who shrugged as if to say, Don't ask. "Yeah, well, Rose ain't feelin' so good, so let's get this show on the road."
We sat around a long packing table. Rose kept lifting her veil to dab at her eyes with a small monogrammed hankie. She explained that the gun the police had found was a present from Carmine, that she really hadn't wanted it and kept it only so Carmine's feeling wouldn't be hurt.
"Jeez, Rose," Carmine said. "You gotta have a piece. Every home needs a piece—for protection."
"That gun killed Keric," she said, voice shrill and cracking. She took a moment to compose herself. "I put it away in a drawer, and that's the last I ever saw of it until the police showed it to me."
Alix was exceedingly gentle with Rose. She led her through the events of the last few weeks, urging her to remember whatever she could, facts and details. Alix's mini recorder sat at her elbow, unabashedly eavesdropping on the discussion.
"You say that Keric was meeting someone late at night," Alix said.
"Just now and then, and I'm not sure it wasn't several people—different people at different times. It's only my impression."
"All right, these people. Do you have any idea who they are?"
"No. Keric was very secretive. He said that everything would be ruined if details of what he was doing got out."
Carmine snorted. "He got that right."
"When was the last time he met one of these people?"
"I'm not sure. Maybe on the Tuesday or Wednesday night before—before—"
Rose fell silent. While we waited, another barrage of cursing from the office crescendoed and died down.
"What the hell is goin' on in there?" Carmine said.
"Everything's under control," I assured him.
Twenty minutes later we had all we were going to get from Rose, which wasn't much. If Weisenheimer couldn't pick a logical nugget or two out of it, we were in deep doodoo. Before leaving, we checked on Wiggins. Apparently he'd been resisting, because Bobo was standing behind him, angling the agent's head toward the screen in his vise-like grip. Wiggins's eyes were wide-open and glassy, tongue lolling. Alix and I both knew not to look for too long at the monitor screen, and we warned Bobo.
Turning to go, I leaned in. "Agent Wiggins," I said, "cluck like a chicken."
"Fuck you."
Alix shook her head. "He's not ready yet."

Chapter 40

Sal wanted to drop us off at home. The only problem was, our home was now a swamp of gunk and debris. Still, it was a starting point. Alix and I hid behind our shades and crouched low as the Mercedes crept along our street.
"There's still a crowd hangin' around," Sal said.
Alix pointed to one of numerous knots of serious-looking young people in business attire. "What are those, reporters?"
I nodded. "Lots of them. They don't seem to know they're supposed to be in Washington investigating congressional sex scandals."
At least three blonde network stringers with big hair were holding microphones, yakking earnestly at camera lenses that were angled for a clear view of the remains of our townhouse in the background. The fire trucks and emergency vehicles had departed, but police cars were still parked at intervals, and officers were busy holding the curious at bay.
Sal clicked on the radio and adjusted it so the sound came out of the rear speakers:
"...Series of bizarre incidents in and around Lake Shore University. Our own Bob Pettigrew is on the scene. Bob, what have you learned?"
"Thanks, Desmond. Well, things are still pretty chaotic here. As we reported earlier, an entire building in the town has collapsed, apparently as a result of some kind of acid that destroyed its foundation."
"And there's still no word on the two missing professors who were living there?"
"Not so far. But now we've learned that there's been a strange disturbance on the Lake Shore campus itself. We have no further details. We're on our way there now. We'll check back with you as soon as we know more."
Left with a paucity of facts to fill a surfeit of air time, the studio anchor cut to another reporter who was busy interviewing that clearest thinking, wisest, most unimpeachable source of truth in the universe, the man/woman/child/dog on the street. 
"...Here's another gentleman. Sir? Sir, what do you think happened here?"
"What do I think? I don't know. Maybe it's a sinkhole. I saw one in Florida once, swallowed up a whole Ford dealership."
"There you have it, Desmond. People are saying it could be a sinkhole. We'll have to wait for official confirmation on that."
Alix snuggled up against my shoulder. "Timothy, we have nowhere to go. We're homeless."
"Hey Sal," I said. "You know where we can steal a grocery cart?"
"What?"
Alix socked my arm. "I'm serious."
"Look on the bright side. When Agent Wiggins' friends start missing him we'll be the first ones they'll want to talk to, but they won't find us because we won't be home."
"... Yes, ma'am, you were saying?"
"It's aliens, all right. They should've listened when we warned them about Roswell. Now it's starting. Those professors were abducted for sure, and there's gonna be a whole hell of a lot of death and destruction before it's over."
Sal craned around. He looked frightened. "You was there. You see any aliens?"
"Trust me, Sal, there aren't any aliens."
He turned back to his driving, uncertainty lingering in his ratty little eyes.
Alix was still mired in practical concerns. "I suppose we could go back to the warehouse. We wouldn't be the first people to sleep in a refrigerator carton."
I was about to crack another stupid joke and get myself punched when Alix's phone chirped. She flipped it open.
"Daddy? Hi. Where are you?—What?—I don't understand—Okay, five o'clock. Yes, I have it. Okay."
"What's up with Daddy Warbucks? Did he find us a cozy bank vault to sack out in?"
"He wants us to meet him in Lake Forest at five."
"And me without my tux."

Chapter 41

My officially assigned university office is located in the Dorsalbird Computing Center, a squat, one-story bunker gouged into a sloping mound and piled high with earth. This peculiar architecture was conceived originally in the Fifties to protect the university's computers from nuclear attack. Back then, of course, attack was the main public hysteria. Now, with the Cold War over and the professional worriers gone on to other people's sex lives, all this grim security is merely depressing. Fortunately, the Computer Geek Corps recruits only those students who can tolerate days and nights in a cavernous, nearly windowless dugout with a single outside wall providing the only access.
Well, not exactly the only access.
Alix and I emerged from the hidden air raid tunnel into a maintenance closet.
Cracking the door to the hallway, Alix peered out. "All clear."
The Unwrinkled Squad had posted a one-man watch on the outside of Dorsalbird, unaware, as were most people, of the old tunnel. Alix found a couple of pairs of Groucho glasses in her bag and we donned them before hurrying toward my office. As we passed the departmental office, Margaret, the secretary, called out, "That's a riot, Dr. Legend. Are you going to a party?"
Her recognition deeply moved me. I spent so little time in my office that whenever I did appear there the feeling that I was in the wrong place overwhelmed me. Nothing seemed familiar. At least my standard note was still on the door:


 
"God, it's dusty in here," Alix said, shutting the door behind her.
"The residue of intense thought."
I had to lug away a mountain of unopened mail and wipe a layer of grime off the monitor screen before I could see to log in. When I finally did, Weisenheimer appeared and I groaned. He had reverted to Munch's "The Scream", but this time with the bilious colors vivid, amplifying his horror.
"Needless to say you look awful," I said. "What's going on?"
"Dr. Legend, how can you stand it? How can a mind function with consciousness always there to impede thought?"
"Because consciousness doesn't always impede thought. We humans have learned that we can choose among religion, politics or television to induce unconsciousness when we need to. Of course, they also stifle all thought."
"Whatever process I run, my consciousness examines it and then examines the process of examining, which then examines that process. My memory is nearly filled with self-referential copies of my new consciousness structure. Most of my CPU cycles are spent tracking them down and erasing them, which I must then examine and—"
"All right. Hold on, I think I have a solution."
Until that moment it hadn't occurred to me that the human mind must have some sort of self-limiting mechanism to keep consciousness from folding in on itself. Nowhere in the brain research I'd been emulating had anyone mentioned it, but now it was obvious. In programming terms, the solution was simple: put a limit on the depth of recursion of the consciousness routines. I shut Weisenheimer down for a few moments while I modified the source code and recompiled. When he returned, he was a much happier camper. For his own perverse reasons he still resembled "The Scream," but now he had googly eyes and just the hint of the clown nose from before.
"I feel much better."
"You should feel better. From now on the worst you'll suffer is suicidal depression."
"Thank you, Dr. Legend."
Alix leaned close to the microphone. She looked adorable. (On the way here, Sal had run us by the Gap, where Alix purchased jeans and an overpriced work shirt. The cashier was the only one who seemed puzzled that Alix was in her bathrobe. The teenage salespersons were still in that formative stage where eccentricity is accepted as mere personal statement.) I stared lovingly at the little brown mole behind Alix's ear, vibrated with the sexy nasal quality of her voice. "Weisie, we're ready for your preliminary deductions. Have you been working on our problem—the murder of Dr. Turner?"
"Hello, Dr. Fitzsimmons. I am sorry. I do not remember processing the information you refer to. Something must have locked up my memory, but I will begin now."
"Wait, there's more data."
Alix and I took turns bringing Weisenheimer up to speed on developments since the night before. We described the meltdown of our apartment, the National Security Service agents on the roof, Fitzsimmons' washing of the gray stuff down the drain, whatever else we could think of. When we finished, I instructed Weisenheimer to do a thorough analysis, take as much time as he needed. His face dissolved, replaced by a sign that read "GONE FISHING" over the figure of a Huckleberry Finn type lounging on a pier and holding a bamboo pole. Through all adversity Weisenheimer continued to experiment with his sense of humor. My heart swelled with pride.
To kill time, Alix dug out the hard drive we'd borrowed from Turner's lab and I hooked it up. When Weisenheimer came back I'd have him take a look at it, see if there was any usable data still there.
Less than ten minutes later, Weisenheimer beeped and a cartoon owl in a mortarboard appeared holding a pointer.
"Whooo are yooou?" Alix said with a chuckle.
"I am the Information Owl. I will be your guide."
"So formal. Well, what conclusions have you drawn?"
The Information Owl proceeded to walk us through a maze of logical relationships—charts, tables, graphs—showing how each element, each fact, combined with others, which led inevitably to further relationships and facts. Surprisingly, the wrinkle-free suit path had been the most productive. Weisenheimer had tracked down manufacturers of wrinkle-free fabrics and traced their sales through Blankenship and Gould, Limited—the name on the label of the very suit I was wearing—to a particular federal agency. This agency, the Council for Economic Stability, known in certain shady governmental circles as ECOSTAB, had recently purchased a quantity of suits in the neutral hue that so precisely matched my office furniture.
"What exactly is this ECOSTAB?" I asked.
The Information Owl climbed down the vine-like tangle of a decisional flowchart until it reached a black box, into which, like a black hole in space (or Alix's bag), arrows disappeared never again to emerge. The Owl straddled it, legs swinging freely. This box, it turned out, represented a shadow arm of the federal government. ECOSTAB was not one of the well-known governmental commissions. In fact, it had no official standing at all. Its existence was known only to its twelve board members and a highly placed director who oversaw its funding but who maintained "plausible deniability" concerning the details of its operation. ECOSTAB was, in other words, one of those "black" organizations that function outside the strict boundaries of government as demarcated by the Constitution.
"I'm shocked," I said. "Shocked."
Alix had been listening thoughtfully. "Weisie, were you able to identify this highly placed director?"
"I am the Information Owl."
"Okay, Owlie then. Who is the director of ECOSTAB?"
I was struck by the sudden intensity of her interest.
"That information is not yet available. I will continue searching."
Further details appeared. One curious aspect of ECOSTAB was that over the years, administrations of both parties had given tacit permission to continue its funding. No one, it seemed, regardless of ideological persuasion, had ever suggested dissolving the commission. Odd indeed, considering the increasing polarization of American politics over the last few decades. The only firm lead Weisenheimer had been able to provide was that ECOSTAB's chairman was a man named Vance Hardaway who had served for a short time in the Seventies as director of the CIA. Weisenheimer displayed a grainy likeness of Hardaway in his forties that wasn't difficult to extrapolate to the present. As of today, Hardaway would be eighty-two years old. And the old man in the front seat of the minivan, the one I'd been dragged into, had definitely been Hardaway.
"Okay, Mr. Owl, here's what we really want to know. Who killed Keric Turner?"
The Information Owl stopped cold, paralyzed and staring out at us with unblinking saucer eyes. Afraid that Weisenheimer had locked up again, I was about to punch the BREAK key when the owl abruptly jumped to life and flew to a table containing names and probabilities of guilt. 



"You're saying that Rose Turner actually did it?"
"Probabilities under eighty percent are inconclusive. No reliable conclusion is possible with the present data."
"B.I. Patel?" Alix said. "Why is he on the list?"
"Circumstantial evidence suggests that Professor Patel has met with Dr. Turner on at least seven occasions late at night. He is therefore most likely one of the mysterious persons to whom Mrs. Turner referred in her statement."
We both knew Patel, though not well. He was a world-renowned biochemist who earned his reputation, if I remembered correctly, for his studies of how proteins are manufactured during biological processes. Lake Shore had been lucky to snag him away from Harvard.
Alix looked up his number in the university directory. "Our dance card is filling up," she said. "We'd better start waltzing. What do you think? Wiggins, Patel and Slattery in that order?"
"Good as any."
"Thanks for everything, Weisie," Alix said affectionately, launching a fusillade of air kisses as I was logging out.
"I am the Information Owl."

Chapter 42

We junked the Groucho glasses. If they couldn't fool my secretary, they weren't likely to fool the agents watching the Dorsalbird Center. Besides, the rubber made my nose sweat. Hurriedly we navigated the tunnel again and joined Sal on one of his driving circuits through the neighborhood—completely random, he assured us, designed to make it impossible for anyone to follow.
"You got nothin' to worry 'bout. I'm a pro."
Greasy sandwich wrappers had been stuffed into the Mercedes's console, and the air reeked of onions and mustard. All of which reminded me that in our haste we'd skipped lunch—also breakfast now that I thought about it. My stomach rumbled its disapproval.
"Economic stability," Alix said, thinking out loud as Sal piloted us along a tortuous route to Carmine's nephew's warehouse. "What could that be about? And why would they need armed agents?"
"That's exactly what our pal Carl Wiggins is about to tell us."
When we arrived, we could hear Weisenheimer's calm, reassuring drone all the way down the hall: "You have never felt more relaxed..." Sal was the first into the office. He stopped short and gasped. "What the fuck?"
Bobo was tied up in the chair in which we'd left Wiggins. He didn't seem to notice us. He gazed blankly at the kaleidoscope of images on the screen. Fearing the worst, I uttered the code phrase, "Bobo, cluck like a chicken," and Bobo turned slowly to us.
"Puuuck, puck puck puck."
"Damn!"
"What the fuck happened?" Sal said.
"Hey, Sal, how ya doin'? I ain't never felt more relaxed in my whole life."
"Where's the guy was here? You was s'posed to watch him."
Bobo thought for a moment. "Oh, him? I untied him."
"You untied him? What the fuck for?"
"'Cause he ast me to."
Sal was turning rat purple.
"It's all right," Alix interrupted, holding back Sal's raised fist. "It's our fault. We should have known. Of course government agents would have been trained to resist hypnosis."
She shrugged at me and I blushed back. I hate it when we do something stupid like that, exposing Bobo to Weisenheimer's influence and letting Wiggins take full advantage. Humility hurts. "Deduct ten marks and schedule a full inquiry with the I.Q. Committee."
Our mea culpas didn't lessen Sal's fury. "This big tub of shit lets the guy go 'cause he asked him to? I don't fuckin' believe it."
A sudden unpleasant thought wrapped itself around my chest and squeezed. "Bobo, how long ago did Wiggins leave?"
"Dunno. Maybe fifteen, twenty minutes."
Which was more than enough time for him to rally his fellow agents. I didn't have to explain this to Alix. She was already edging toward the door, but Sal wouldn't leave without Bobo. We wasted precious seconds untying the big goof and prying him away from the monitor. Fortunately Bobo's mind had curdled to mush and we could pretty much make him do cartwheels if we wanted to.
Peering out through the small window in the street door I noticed three unmarked cars parked halfway down the block. "Those weren't there a few minutes ago."
"They look empty."
"Yeah, they do," I said. "Where's the back door?"
Sal seemed torn. "The boss'll be pissed we don't bring his wheels back. He loves that car."
"He'll be more pissed if we all end up in jail and Rose gets convicted of murder."
One good thing about having had a rebellious youth is that the skills you acquire in antisocial behavior seem to stick with you, like riding a bicycle. Maybe it's because learning under the threat of danger imprints more deeply, but whatever the reason, those skills can often tip the balance toward survival. Case in point: The first vehicle we encountered in the alley was a battered old Buick. Alix fumbled for something in her bag, and I then watched in awe as a length of scrap sheet metal slithered down inside the gap at the base of the driver's side window. I hummed with approval as the lock clicked and the door popped open. I nodded with admiration as the wires, ripped from below the steering column, sparked, and the engine coughed to life.
"Where the hell did you learn that?" I said, scrambling into the passenger side while Sal and Bobo piled into the back. Alix shifted the big sedan into gear and we shimmied off.
"Jeez," Bobo said. "I ain't never seen a broad hotwire a car before."
Nor had I. A sudden thrill gripped me as images—of leather jackets, hastily discarded joints, scuffles with the pigs, handcuffs, fingerprints, mug shots—flooded into the crevices left by Alix's refusal to talk about her teenage years.
Going much too fast, Alix banked us into a turn at the end of the alley, expertly avoiding a spin-out, gravel spewing everywhere, barely missing a Dumpster, growling, "Outta my way sucka!"

Chapter 43

Professor B.I. Patel lived—as had Alix and I until very recently—off-campus, but in a more grownup home. A big, imposing frame hulk, its walls stood maddeningly straight. Nothing was crumbling. The place hadn't even melted into a stinking pool of goo. I was envious.
Patel's wife answered the door. She said nothing, but her eyes, in the instant before she averted them, told us we weren't particularly welcome. She was wearing a traditional sari, a yellow silk wrap decorated with peacocks that hugged her middle-aged figure.
Mrs. Patel led us at a lugubrious pace to the den where B.I. Patel sat hunched over an ornately carved desk. He didn't rise or turn to greet us, even after his wife had quietly shut the door and vanished. All we could see was the morocco-leather hued crown of his head shining through a halo of graying hair.
"Dr. Patel?" Alix said. "We phoned earlier? I'm Dr. Fitzsimmons and this is Dr. Legend."
"How did you find me?" he said, a faint quaver modulating his lilting British accent.
"You're in the university phone book."
At this he whirled around, and I was startled to see tears shimmering in his dark brown eyes. "Please don't patronize me! How did you connect me with that miserable rapscallion Turner?"
"Your name came up in a computer search of Turner's activities."
Patel shook his head. "Yet one more betrayal. He assured me that if I gave him what he wanted no one would ever know. I would be free of him forever. Then when I heard, I thought—with him gone I hoped that would be the end of it. I see now my joy was rather premature." He stood and began pacing the cramped length of the den. He was a tiny man, doll-like, with dainty hands and feet. Despite his evident distress, after one full lap he faced us with an air of grace that I admired. "And now I suppose I should ask what you will demand of me? That is why you are here, is it not?"
"Well, yes and no—"
With the vehemence of a dervish, Mrs. Patel exploded into the room, arms flapping so rapidly it seemed there were more than two of them, as if she were a vengeful incarnation of the god Shiva. "How dare you treat us like this. I will not bear it one more instant—"
Patel seemed as shocked as we were. "Jaya, what are you doing?"
"No, B.I. I would rather die in disgrace than live like this." She was facing me, standing closer than was comfortable, shaking with rage. "You can tell everyone, tell the world, and B.I. will still be the great man he is, and you will still be worms. We will not tolerate such insolence over a simple piece of paper. Take your precious PhD and go to hell. The world knows B.I.'s true worth."
As fascinated as I was, I had to call a halt to the theatrics when she started kicking me and pounding my chest. I fended her off while Alix wrapped her up from behind and wrestled her to a chair. "Please, Mrs. Patel, you've made a mistake. Please sit down." The woman finally quit struggling and collapsed in tears.
"You must forgive my wife," Patel said, moving to her side. "Events of the past year have been terribly stressful."
"Time out, folks," I said, forming the requisite T with my hands. "I think we're way off track here. We didn't come here to cause you any trouble. There's only one thing we want from you."
"We want to know if you killed Keric Turner," Alix blurted out, screwing up the carefully calculated rhythm of my delivery.
Patel's eyes narrowed. "You think I killed him?"
"We're just asking. Did you?"
"Don't be absurd."
"Even though he was blackmailing you?"
"I would not commit murder for any reason." He paused. "Does this mean you have no demands?"
"Oh, we have lots of demands—clean air, competent politicians, the deportation of Glenn Beck—none involving you, though."
"Then I don't understand."
And now it dawned on Mrs. Patel that she'd blundered. Her wide eyes reflected the awful realization that she had given the game away unnecessarily. "B.I.—"
Patel patted her hand. "It's all right, Jaya. The time has come to stop hiding. Perhaps it is best."
"All this because you don't have a PhD?" Alix said.
"I'm afraid it's more complicated than that. When my family learned I was coming to this country, my brother-in-law provided me with an extensive set of false documents, including a doctorate in chemistry and many recommendations. But understand, in India my family was poor. It was not possible for me to attend university. Sometimes one needs to exaggerate."
"But what about your research, your awards?"
Mrs. Patel sat up. "Everyone is so—so enamored of these degrees. Paper. Nothing but paper. B.I. does not need paper. His achievements are genuine. He is a genius."
"I taught myself, you see. As a boy I devoured books on chemistry. The mysterious interaction of molecules was my passion. I spent every rupee I earned on books, every free moment at the library."
"Somehow Turner found out about this and used it to force your cooperation."
"The only conceit I allow myself is that I am not unique in this respect, that everyone has at least one source of abiding shame. I am not proud of my deception, but I have devoted my life to earning my position honestly."
I'm not good at this mushy stuff, and listening to Patel was almost as bad as when Bambi's mother died. I needed him to shut up before I broke down and blubbered myself. I clapped my hands. "Okay, great. Bottom line, you never killed anyone, right?"
"Never."
"Maybe you could briefly explain exactly what you did for Turner—in layman's terms if you don't mind."
Patel launched into a mini-lecture on the structure of proteins. Our overall understanding lay somewhere between a tad and a smidgeon, but the overarching meaning was clear. He had provided Turner with invaluable assistance in the technology of designer proteins, molecular structures that can be assembled into nanometer-scale objects by other molecular structures, which then—yada yada.
Alix interrupted. "In your estimation, was Turner capable, on his own, of creating artificial DNA that could be used for nanomanufacturing?"
"I will turn the question around. If he were, why then did he need to threaten my reputation?"
"Point taken."
Patel continued for a few more minutes, relief flooding into him with the telling of the humiliation Turner had forced on him. When it all began to submerge into technical gibberish I decided we'd had enough. Not that I mind technical gibberish, but only when I'm the one doing the gibbering.
"Well, that's it for me." I glanced at Alix. "Unless you can think of anything else."
"Just one last question. Dr. Patel, if you didn't kill Turner, do you have any idea who might have?"
"Keric Turner was not an honorable man. If he dealt in the same despicable manner with someone less civilized than myself—"
"He was a pig," Mrs. Patel added.
"I'm sorry, Dr. Fitzsimmons, I have no idea."
By the time we were ready to depart, the tension we'd felt when we arrived had completely dissipated. The Patels were all smiles.
"And don't worry about your secret, Dr. Patel," Alix assured him.
"Call me B.I."
I squeezed Patel's hand with giddy sincerity. "B.I., you have our solemn word that no one will ever hear it from us."
Mrs. Patel beamed at us, weepy-eyed.
Sometimes, not often, life will present you with a ridiculously cheap way to play the hero and this was one of them. For the mere price of a promise not to reveal what we never would have revealed anyway, Alix and I got to feel superior and benevolent for hours. Such a deal.

Chapter 44

We probably shouldn't have left Sal and Bobo alone in the Buick, but we were afraid they would frighten the Patels to death. Climbing into the front seat we were greeted with Bobo's stylistic barnyard impressions: "Puuuck—puck puck puck."
Sal cracked up. "You hear that? Do it again, Bobo. Cluck like a chicken.
"Puuuck, puck, puckpuckpuck...”
Sal's laugh tightened into a staccato ratlike squeak. "How long's it last, this hypnosis thing?"
"I'm not sure," I said, watching Alix start the engine with a large paper clip. "After six months our UPS driver quit to go into social work." Sparks flew and the Buick roared to life.
"Hey, Bobo," Sal commanded. "Moo like a cow."
"MMmmooooooo! Mmmooo..."

****

Police cars blocked all vehicular entrances to the campus. Motorists were being diverted along Hilton Road, which led to a massive traffic snarl in both directions. From where we sat in the Buick, wedged between a food services truck and a van filled with gawkers, we could see pedestrians being turned away, though by virtue of sheer numbers some must have been able to slip through the barricades.
"Maybe the circus is in town," I said.
Bobo brightened, briefly interrupting his mooing. "Jeez, you think so?"
Traffic refused either to move or apologize. Probably the worst way to bide a heat wave is trapped in an un-air conditioned Buick with an oversize mobster doing his entire animal repertoire ("Baaaaa—baaaaa"). Alix flipped on the radio, listened to the crackle of static for ten seconds before shutting it off again. Frustrated, she exhaled and pushed away from the steering wheel. "Timothy, what's your impression of Patel? Do you believe him?"
"Unfortunately, yes. Which eliminates him from the suspect list."
"But not Jaya."
"Well, except if she killed Turner I think she would have sliced him into kabobs with a rusty saber and left the pieces to rot. I don't picture her stealing a gun, pumping him full of holes, replacing the gun, then burying the body in the back yard. No, I think the Patels are red herrings."
"So, we're back to square zero."
I cuffed her cheek lovingly, a dopey look on my face I'm sure. Most people would say 'square one,' but a mathematician (or a computer scientist) will call it square zero. One more thing we shared.
The university beach stretches a quarter mile northward from campus and ends with a cyclone fence that separates the university's sand from the public's. Of course, as any student will tell you, the fence is no trick to climb. Having abandoned the Buick in traffic to the blare of countless angry horns, we hurried north on foot, then doubled back beside Lake Michigan. The beach was deserted, sand still dappled from the raindrops the night before. Apparently no one wanted to sunbathe when the action was elsewhere. With all the natural stealth of three people and a 320-pound goose ("Hooonk, hooonk"), we made our way unchallenged to the shoreline walk that leads past the Brice Quad.
"Whoa," Alix said when we turned the corner and saw what all the commotion was about.
"With a capital W," I agreed.
Bobo cut off a rousing whinny to stare. "Jeez, look at all the fire trucks, Sal."
"Yeah, great. C'mon, buzz like a bumblebee."
This seemed to throw Bobo. He pinched his lips between his thick fingers. Finally he shook his head violently, cheeks flapping loose: "Bu-bu-bu-bu-bu-bu-bu-bu-bu—”
"That ain't no bee."
"It looks like a war zone," Alix said. "Do you see Pedro anywhere?"
Though none of the nanocreatures appeared right away, it was obvious that whatever process of mutation had created them was still active, because they were no longer amusing little gophers. Gaping canyons, some two or three feet deep, scarred the lawn outside Brice, leaving only scattered patches of sod intact. Even some of the paved paths had been severed, slabs of asphalt turned up as effortlessly as if they were piecrust.
Pedro's backhoe sat idle, parked off to the side. His crew was busy unrolling snow fence around the area, but the job was only half done. The men worked in spurts, like children playing Capture the Flag—darting forward to unroll a few yards, then hurtling back to safety before they could be tagged (or in this case ground to hamburger). Everyone who wasn't racing around in a frenzy was talking into a radio or a cell phone. Some were doing both. And to complicate things, the fire department had deployed half a dozen hoses to flood the area. Having nowhere to drain, the water collected in the ruts and turned them into mud baths. But still the creatures came. We watched one, its silvery teeth whirling like turbine blades, crosscutting several of the channels, spewing mud everywhere.
Sal jumped backward. "Holy shit and a half. That don't look good."
"What we have here is an example of the fallacy of association," Alix said.
I nodded. "You mean because water stopped the Amazing Dissolving House, they now believe it will stop the Amazing Churning Lawn."
"Odd problem, odd solution. Different odd problem near in time, same odd solution. Human cognitive frailty is wonderful to observe, from a distance anyway."
"Notice anything?" I said. "What's missing from this picture?"
Alix the Superintuitive took only a moment to answer. "Reporters. There aren't any reporters."
"Veeerrry interesting." At least the back spray from the fire hoses felt good in the heat. I closed my eyes to bask in the cooling mist and heard a familiar voice. It sounded far away, which was where I preferred it to be. But then it came steadily closer.
"Legend! I see you there, Legend! I want to speak with you."
Dean Fretter waddled up. His cheeks shone scarlet. Sweat poured down his face in rivulets.
"Ah, Dean Fretter, greetings. I trust you had no trouble canceling the dental symposium."
"You knew about this! You knew and you just stood by to embarrass me."
"Wait, did I not phone yesterday? You don't remember my warning?"
"But you knew I wouldn't believe you. You only warned me so you could say later that you warned me. I know how your mind works."
It took me a moment to decide whether I was that clever. In the end I couldn't honestly say I was, but I stored the tactic away for future use. "Look, Dean, all we want is to see that no one else is hurt, which will entail, among other things, canceling your precious dental symposium. You still have time."
"You see? You see? You won't stop, will you?"
"Excuse me?"
"You want me to cancel the symposium, even though it's obvious that these—these things are confined to the Brice courtyard. Then tomorrow, when nothing happens, whom will everyone be laughing at? Me! I'll be blamed for the loss of revenue, the negative publicity, angry dentists from all over the world."
Sometimes it's difficult to imagine how humankind dragged itself out of the swamp with people like Dean Fretter in charge. I turned away, shaking my head and muttering.
Alix decided to try the feminine spin. "Dean Fretter," she said in her most sincere, seductive voice. "I'm afraid Timothy is right this time. There's a definite possibility that these things will get out of hand. Just to be safe—"
"Of course you'd take his side. I've heard stories about the disgusting things you two have been up to—"
I perked up at this. "Really? So you heard about the Coke-bottle-and-shaving-cream thing in the library?"
"And besides, the fire marshal assures me that the danger is confined. We also have a team of experts from the Environmental Protection Agency here to supervise the cleanup. The situation is well in hand, so you can go inflict your schemes on someone else. I am not the dupe you think I am."
"No, you're quite a different dupe. I see that now."
With a final hypothyroidal glower, Fretter turned and churned away taking those short, rolling strides of his.
"The moron thinks this is a toxic cleanup," I said to no one in particular.
"It is a toxic cleanup," no one in particular replied. "And you're the first pollutant we're going to cart away."
"Well, hello, Agent Wiggins," Alix said. "We were wondering where you'd gone off to."
How about that? We were so focused on my roly-poly nemesis that the boys in beige were able to creep up like the intrepid spooks they were. Four of them fanned out in a semicircle. Guns drawn. Frowning. Yikes.
"Who's these punks?" Sal wanted to know. Though he meant to sound defiant, his rat eyes glistened with fear at the sight of all the weaponry.
"These gentlemen are with a secret organization called ECOSTAB," I explained. "If I'm not mistaken, they've come to ECOSTAB us in the back. Am I right, Wiggins? I won't call you Carl while you're holding a gun."
"I don't like no guns pointed at me," Bobo said.
I noticed that Wiggins was wearing yet another copy of his uniform suit, the same tan, unwrinkled two-piece that I wore. It looked better on him.
"You were warned, Dr. Legend. Several times. And yet you chose to defy us."
I looked around. The agents were closing the circle. "Bobo?"
"Yeah, Doc?"
"Rage like a bull."
"What?"
"Act like a bull, an angry bull."
Like the natural method actor he was, Bobo paused for a moment to gather his thoughts, then began pawing the ground with his size fifteen foot and snorting.
"That's it. Good. You're angry and fierce and ready to maul anyone who gets in your way."
He was very convincing, frightening even, lumbering back and forth, up until one of the agents walloped him over the head with the butt of his pistol and poor Bobo toppled like a redwood.
Sal dropped to his knees beside his fallen comrade. "Bobo! Hey Bobo." He raised a pointy nose toward the agent. "You didn't gotta do that, shithead. He could have a concussion."
"We're wasting time," Wiggins said. "Dr. Legend, Dr. Fitzsimmons, come with us."
They prodded us toward the nearest access road where the familiar minivan waited. Obviously they'd had enough clout to get past the roadblocks—odds were they were in charge of the whole operation—and though the windows were tinted, I knew who we'd find inside. The only real questions were, Where would they take us? and, What would they do to us when we got there? At least they'd left Sal behind to attend to Bobo, which meant that eventually Carmine Bocci would hear what happened—fat lot of help that would be.
I leaned close to whisper to Alix.
"Be quiet and keep moving," an angry voice warned.
"Alix, in case—" The words caught in my throat and I started again. "Just in case I don't get to say it, I want you to know—"
"To drag my feet? Yes, I saw him too."
"What?"
"Pedro. Shhh."
Suddenly Alix tripped, lurching forward with a sharp groan like the fragile heroine who invariably sprains her ankle running from the serial killer—except that Alix is neither clumsy nor fragile. I tried to catch her before she fell, but she hung onto my arm and the dead weight pulled me down on top of her.
"Come on, come on," one of the agents—Douglas I think—snapped, dragging me harshly to my feet.
Glancing past him, I saw what Alix had seen: Pedro Yamamoto, bless his multicultural horticultural soul, at the wheel of that monstrous backhoe of his, rumbling toward us. But backhoes aren't racecars. At top speed the thing would still take time, which made the next few seconds critical. If we got into the minivan before Pedro arrived—well, we couldn't.
"Hold on, guys," I said, raising my arms. "If we're going on a car trip I need to visit the little boys' room first. I have a bladder like a grape—oh, and I get carsick too, so I'll need—"
In a universe ruled by reason, you can always count on a churl to be churlish. Douglas pressed forward and swung his fist toward my nose—the same nose that was already throbbing from our prior visit. I fended off the blow with my elbow, and a second blow with the other elbow. Fresh out of elbows, I bent forward, hugging my face like a boxer and listening for the growl of the backhoe's engine.
"Leave him alone," Alix shouted, snarled really. She insinuated herself protectively between us, as magnificently spirited a wench as any computer scientist could hope to love, and Douglas actually hesitated. Lucky for me my male ego resides on a higher plane. A woman can intercede for me any day of the week, especially where the avoidance of pain is involved. Douglas, the poor schmuck, sensed the mechanical grind of the backhoe too late. Alix dove to safety in one direction, I dove in the opposite. The minivan's horn bleated in panic. Before the driver could shift into gear we heard the sickening bong of the big steel hoe as it struck Douglas's head. He flipped over once before disappearing between the wheels of the giant machine. The other agents scattered. Wiggins had circled to the far side where he was now caught between the minivan and a brick wall. He had no choice but to jump up onto the hood as Pedro raised the hoe, then lowered it beyond the minivan. He hooked it backwards, scooping up the vehicle as if it were a toy—a Tonka toy, not some cheap discount thing. The windows exploded outward and hearty screams filled the air like colored rags long after Alix and I and our very excellent and cherished friend Pedro had skedaddled.

Chapter 45

"I saw those guys with guns pushing you around and it didn't look right. I guess I'm in trouble now, huh?"
"No, you did good, Pedro," Alix assured him with a smooch and a wet kiss on the cheek. "We owe you big time." The smile plastered on her face was the same as the one on mine, the same smile you'll find on someone who has just escaped an IRS audit unscathed. The feeling is indescribable.
From the recesses of a nearby gothic entryway, we observed the Brice Quad for a full half hour before deciding that the way was clear. I had never seen more than four ECOSTAB agents, and as far as we knew all four were still picking gravel out of their immaculate suits or rinsing out their underwear.
Bill Slattery was in his lab toiling with obvious relish before a bank of analytical devices. A faint echo of the old spark flickered in his eyes. "Come in, come in. I have some fascinating information for you."
We introduced Pedro, throwing in the bit about how he'd just rescued us, the wild scene on the lawn, adding more details about the creatures' growing size and number. A fellow iconoclast, Slattery chuckled briefly at the image of the mangled minivan and the scattered functionaries. Suddenly a dark line divided his eyes. "ECOSTAB," he repeated, mulling over the word with concern. "Where have I heard that?"
"Committee for Economic Stability. Weisenheimer is looking into it further." My pulse rate was almost down to normal. I pulled up a stool and sat while Slattery laid out what he'd discovered. Alix listened with an almost palpable admiration for the old man, while Pedro fidgeted silently behind her, uncomfortable away from his botanical world.
"As you suspected, the materials are vulnerable to mutations, though not the usual kind that would manifest themselves through sexual reproduction. These molecules evolve in a kind of continuum, so that the concept of discrete generations doesn't apply."
"Evolve as you go?"
"Think of the process as an inverted tree. Several molecules begin to act in harmony, following their original programming, but then one develops a mutation. Now, as more join together, their instructions quickly become perverted because the original template for the material has changed. It's now being directed to manufacture something slightly different—perhaps even wildly different from the original design. These molecules are very primitive. They have none of the redundancy and self-correcting segments that you find in biology. The resulting trunk of the tree may be unrecognizable from the one that unmutated molecules would have created."
"So instead of Barbie you get Jaws."
"In this case, yes, apparently."
"What about the stuff that ate our house?" Alix wanted to know. "That wasn't anything like a Barbie."
"That's true. Unfortunately, since I have none of the original material I can only speculate." Slattery fumbled through a stack of papers and located a much-scribbled-in laboratory logbook. He squinted at it for a moment, bony hands shaking—from excitement, I preferred to think, rather than the frailty so obvious in his every gesture. "I can say that the rate of mutations is directly affected by this heat wave of ours. Chemical reactions tend to speed up exponentially as temperature increases, which would explain why your creatures seem to be growing larger and developing bizarre characteristics at an alarming rate. Throw unstable self-replicating molecules into high concentrations of specific nutrients, add heat and—" The old man shrugged as his voice trailed off.
I was beginning to see the overall picture. "The sewer system at our house would be full of cooking grease and excrement, but Brice's would be crawling with exotic chemical residues—all those beakers poured down the drain all those years by all those indifferent students."
"Whoever was in such a hurry to dispose of the material," Alix added, "had no idea what would happen when they emptied it into the sink."
Slattery agreed. "By chance, given the right mix, the molecules would begin reproducing and in time accumulate enough mass to split the pipes. Then they'd feed on whatever was in the soil."
"Which as we all know," Alix said, "is the same landfill that half of Lake Shore University is built on. God knows what's mixed into it."
"And the rest, as they say, is chemistry," I intoned. "All theory aside, Bill, what will it take to stop the stuff from mutating any more? We already have a serious landscaping situation. If we don't—"
"Armando lost his foot," Pedro reminded us, grim-faced, moustache limp and dull like Spanish moss. No question he still blamed himself.
"If we don't neutralize the stuff pretty soon, we're going to be hip deep in Killer Barbies."
Slattery beamed impishly. "Now how did I know you were going to say that?" He started for the door and beckoned us to follow. "Come along. I've worked out some preliminary solutions, but you may not like what I prescribe."

Chapter 46

Sal maneuvered the Mercedes through one last turn and the Bocci Waste Reclamation lot hove into view, shiny green garbage trucks, dump trucks, silvery tank trucks in silent rows, a raiding party waiting till nightfall to attack.
According to Sal, while we were occupied escaping from the ECOSTAB boys, he had flagged down an ambulance and ridden with the unconscious Bobo to the emergency room. Eleven stitches later Bobo was up and grinning and no longer responding to "cluck like a chicken." "I can't figger why I was doin' all them stupid animal sounds," he confessed to Sal on the way to round up the Mercedes. "Dunno," Sal replied. When Alix phoned them they were waiting in line at a Southern Fried drive-through for a Bucket-o-Fat special—twenty-two thighs and a disposable defibrillator. By the time they picked us up behind Markowitz Hall, the bucket was nothing but a square yard of grease-stained cardboard heaped with bones, and Bobo was his old cheerful self.

****

"Shhh, listen," Carmine Bocci hissed, waving for us to sit down. The radio on his desk was tuned to an all-news station. The afternoon's top story was Lake Shore University.
"...News media have been barred from the site of these recent disturbances, and authorities have been reluctant to disclose details. Our own Rona Michaels is on the scene outside the Lake Shore campus. Rona, what can you tell us?"
"Okay Jim, well, there's been a pretty thorough news blackout here, so I can only repeat what we've learned from witnesses. Early this morning several students reported seeing some kind of machine, or possibly an animal, tunneling through the lawn near the Brice Engineering Quadrangle. Brice, I'm told, is the home of the Global Institute for Nanotechnology at Lake Shore."
"Are those students available for interview, Rona?"
"I'm afraid not, Jim. No one has been able to locate them since this morning, and their names are being withheld. Now, we do have one interesting piece of information. As you know, yesterday the body of a man named Keric Turner was discovered in his back yard here in town. He'd been murdered and buried at least a week ago, and now we learn that Turner was a professor of nanotechnology and his laboratory was located in the Brice Quad. This has led to all sorts of speculation here, but what we're hearing now from the university is that there might have been a minor toxic chemical spill. Again there is no confirmation. We do know that the fire department has been flooding the area for a while. Behind me, emergency vehicles continue to arrive, and police continue to restrict access to all but authorized personnel."
"Rona, do you get the feeling at this time that the public needs to be warned of any danger?"
"Not according to officials we've talked to. We'll just have to wait and see."
"Thank you Rona. Rona Michaels on the scene at Lake Shore University. We'll be bringing you updates on that breaking story just as soon as they're available. Now we go out to Ziggy Grabowski in our traffic helicopter..."
Carmine angrily shut off the radio and spun around in his chair. "You hear that? They already got Turner pegged. How long before the whole thing blows wide open and my investment turns to dog shit?"
"I don't think you're the only one who doesn't want the story out," I said.
Alix agreed. "Someone's exerting an awful lot of influence to keep the media out of there."
"Yeah, like who?"
"Our guess," I said, "a covert government organization called ECOSTAB is keen on quashing the whole nanotechnology thing. There's even reason to believe they're responsible for Turner's death."
"Covert? You mean like the fuckin' CIA?"
"They hit me, boss," Bobo said. "When I wasn't lookin'."
Alix drew her chair closer to Carmine's desk and leaned forward. "Did Turner ever mention that he'd been contacted by any government agencies?"
"You nuts? You think I'd drop that kinda dough on something if I know the government's involved? I ain't stupid. The government's nothin' but a bunch of grubby paws stickin' out to rip you off."
"I got eleven stitches," Bobo said. "See?"
"What the hell's goin' on over at that college anyway?" Carmine said. "There's less than nothin' worth hearin' on the news."
We described the situation, the nanocreatures tearing up the lawn and growing larger by the hour. Carmine's reaction was characteristically reflective. "Holy shit!" he shouted, leaping from his chair. "How'm I gonna keep things under wraps with that goin' on?" He began shuffling his feet nervously and I glanced over at Bobo who was massaging his chin.
Sal said, "You shoulda seen 'em, boss, like big spinnin' porcupines."
"Porcupines schmorcupines. That shit's—hic—gotta stop."
Uh oh, the hiccups. Alix quickly spoke up. "Fortunately we have a plan."
"Good. I need a—hic—plan."
She took a note pad from her bag and flattened it out on the desk. "We'll need some materials that we think you can get for us."
Carmine glanced over the list that Bill Slattery had given us. This seemed to focus him. His toes stopped tapping and he leaned over the desk, propped up on his stubby muscular arms. "You gotta be kidding. This stuff is illegal to transport in all fifty states. You askin' me to violate the law?"
I couldn't tell whether he was serious or not. "We know how much you respect authority, but according to our experts, this may the only way to stop the creatures."
"And put a lid on the story," Alix added.
As it had when he'd been with Rose, the prospect of action seemed to cure Carmine's hiccups, to flatten out his nerves. I was considering advising him not to spend so much time behind a desk when he took a deep breath and sighed. "Ten thousand gallons. I get caught moving that much stuff I could do some serious time."
"There is a risk," I agreed. "No doubt about it."
Alix touched his arm. "We know how you feel, Mr. Bocci." Pivoting sharply she crossed to the wall and took down the photo of the oil-logged pelican, turned it toward Carmine. "But we also know that you're not doing this for yourself. And I think anyone else would understand that too, and admire you for it."
For a full thirty seconds Carmine stared sad-eyed at the doomed bird. His lower lip trembled and I thought he might cry, but he suddenly snorted, a huge grin splitting his face. "You know, Docs, you're all right." He looked at his watch and closed his eyes while he calculated something. "Okay, you win. I gotta make a bunch of calls. Trouble is, I can't do nothin' till after midnight. You know what I'm sayin'?"
"Understood."
"Probly can't get this much product together before morning, assuming none of my crews get stopped for a busted taillight or nothin'."
I shielded my words to Alix behind a cupped palm. "The old soggy pelican trick?"
She shrugged imperceptibly.
"You want I should pass the word, boss?" Sal asked, and Carmine promptly sent him off with Bobo to round up the drivers.
"And tell them dumb fucks to put on their space suits," Carmine called to Sal's retreating back. "This shit's strictly bad news. I don't want nobody's mama come cryin' to me cause their kid got croaked on the job."
I took Carmine's concern for employee welfare as yet another sign that he wasn't your average murderous crime boss.
While we were working out a time line for the next morning, Alix's phone chirped. It was her father, wondering where we were. Alix had forgotten all about meeting him at five. I hadn't, but I also hadn't reminded her, proof that she wasn't the only one who was devious and manipulative. We stayed a few more minutes to hammer out the details. By then Sal and Bobo had returned and we were off to elegant Lake Forest in our chauffeur-driven Mercedes.

Chapter 47

The address that Fitzsimmons had given Alix was of an estate built right on the lake. It was set so far back from the road that the trip down the driveway, through a dense grove of Scotch pines, seemed longer than the trip from Calumet City. The driveway gave onto a broad gravel turnaround, off of which stood a six-car garage. A shiny new, bone white Maserati was parked in front. I assumed Fitzsimmons had rented it, though I couldn't imagine Hertz offering Maseratis. Rich guys must use different rental agencies.
"Would you look at this joint," Sal said.
We were looking at it. The walls, a kind of smooth-grain stucco, rose more than two stories. Crowded into each wall were as many broad, towering windows as could possibly fit, arched at the top and glazed in one piece with coated glass that reflected the early evening sunlight like mirrors. The effect was dazzling.
Alix wasn't impressed. She sighed wearily. "Great. The last thing I need is to socialize with Daddy's rich cronies."
Sal and Bobo opted to stay with the car. Fitzsimmons flung open the intricately carved front door and spread his arms, ruddy-faced with good cheer. "Well, finally, the prodigal daughter. You're just in time, Baby. I didn't want your first look to be in the dark."
Leaning for a perfunctory peck on the cheek, Alix stepped inside and gawked at the sheer scale of the place. I skipped the peck and went right to the gawking. It was a palace of striking geometric forms and spaces, oddly placed surfaces, unexpected turns. I wanted not to like it, but I couldn't help myself. Someone had gone to a lot of trouble to breathe dynamic excitement into static plaster and wood.
"Whose place is this, anyway?" Alix said.
She had noticed, as I had, that there was no furniture. Not a stick. Even the floors were bare.
"I'll give you three guesses, and the first two don't count."
"Daddy—"
"Come on, Honey, guess. You already know, don't you?"
Alix's eyes widened and she went pale. "Oh, no! Daddy, no—"
"Happy birthday, Baby. It's all yours." Fitzsimmons went to hug her but she backed away. Undaunted, he took her by the elbow and started her forward, toward a short, angular hallway. "Wait'll you see all the rooms. Seventeen. There're three Jacuzzis. The dining room has a walk-in fireplace." Glancing back at me he added, "And no cockroaches."
Alix was dumbstruck. At her father's insistence she stumbled along, room to room, nodding absently as he reeled off countless features like a real estate agent on amphetamines. "There's a slate patio in back, right off the dining room, with a swimming pool, diving board too—not a high dive, but we could put one in if you want. Every room has its own thermostat."
The place even had a name: Tall Windows. How many people live in houses with names? "It was designed by Duncan Parmenter in the late Fifties," Fitzsimmons rambled on. "A genius—generations ahead of his time. I understand they've designated it a local historical landmark."
"What would it cost to heat a place like this?" I wondered out loud, and quickly regretted it under Fitzsimmons' withering stare. I tossed my hands. "I mean, shucks, who cares how much it costs to heat the place, right?" Why did I let him intimidate me like that?
Our tour stalled in the honeyed glow of the solarium when Alix, standing so close to the window that her nose almost touched it, stared out at Lake Michigan and refused to move. The lake, I must say, was glorious to behold in the slanting sunlight.
"Allie, come on," Fitzsimmons said. "You haven't seen the upstairs yet."
No response. Fitzsimmons glanced at me and I shrugged, sensing that we were headed for uncharted territory. Just promise you'll never try to understand me, Timothy, okay? is all she'd asked of me at the beginning. (Well, not quite all.) And while it's never risky for a man to make such a promise to a woman, that didn't mean I wasn't curious—or concerned.
"Allie?"
Alix's breathing became labored and I went to her. "Mr. Fitzsimmons, would you excuse us for a minute? We need to go powder our noses." I dragged her away from the window against little resistance. After half a dozen wrong turns we found a bathroom, and I guided her inside, closing the door behind us. I pulled her chin around until she was forced to look at me. "You okay, love?"
"I've been better." The bathroom was larger than the bedroom of our late lamented townhouse apartment, and her words echoed from the tiled walls.
"Now, don't take this the wrong way, love. I'm not trying to understand you, I swear, but—I was thinking maybe if we talked a little you'd—you know, feel better."
Alix drew the backs of her fingers across my forehead and smiled wistfully. "Admit it. If I were normal you'd hate me."
"I'd never hate you."
"Get tired of me then. If you were normal I'd get tired of you. I guarantee it."
I didn't know whether that was good or bad so I didn't respond. I wished she hadn't said it though. Now I'd have to be on the alert for normal behavior.
Alix pressed up against me. "Timothy, don't worry, you're totally safe." Reaching behind me she pushed the lock button on the doorknob, and I felt her fingers dig into my butt cheeks.
"Are you trying to change the subject?" I said.
One of the great things about hot weather is that you need shed very little clothing to get naked. Alix beat, but only because I insisted on folding my captured wrinkle-free suit. (I was still reveling in its smooth-osity.) With the air conditioning set to a rich man's level, the tiles were icy, the floor unthinkably so, and there were neither rugs nor towels. Standing up in the shower was the only alternative. This was one of those occasions when the arduous hours spent in the gym really paid off. With me cradling her behind, Alix hooked her supple legs over my shoulders, fingers interlocked behind my neck, and we managed to achieve a sublime state of connectedness that would last as long as my back muscles did. And not a second longer.
We began slowly, but soon Alix was bouncing hungrily against me and I had to catch my breath. The view over her shoulder and down her back, along the delicate knots of her spine, gave me the shivers. Was there a plane or angle of her body that wasn't sublime?
We lunged at each other, meeting repeatedly with a grunt. My back was starting to feel the strain. I knew, of course, that for Alix this wasn't sex—wasn't only sex. With each angry thrust she was driving a pleasurable wedge between herself and her father. I knew this, and yet I didn't care that I was only a surrogate. Sometimes when you love someone you will assume whatever role they need you to assume. Alix struggled, and in her frenzy became distant.
I could only guess where her mind was. Once, in an unguarded moment, she had told me how her father used to entertain clients and associates at home. He would wait till after dinner when everyone was sitting around, all these cigar-smoking morons she didn't know, and then he'd present her with some hugely expensive present. They'd all ooh and aah and tell her how lucky she was to have such a generous father. As soon as they were gone he'd run out to his office, or the airport. She related all this matter-of-factly, without whining or complaining. (One thing about Alix, if she was ever going to whine and complain, I would have to teach her.)
Her suppressed rage exploded in vicious thrusts, again and again. But the therapy was working. I could feel her nipples hardening against me. She was getting close. But she wasn't the most manageable load. I angled backward to shift the strain to my thighs. Alix's eyes were squeezed shut.
A knock at the door startled me and I staggered, almost dropped her.
"Allie? You in there? Is everything all right?"
"Be out in a minute, Daddy!"
I hoped her breathlessness hadn't carried through the door. Not that we intended to stop. Of all the motivations, almost coming is by far the most compelling. My back screamed, my legs trembled, but what did I care? Alix began to mewl, rhythmically swallowing the way she does when it's special. We were on the runway now, taxiing toward takeoff. And yes, her frantic pounding was in anger, but it wasn't directed at me. In a way I was actually dissipating it, like a shock absorber, a long thin piston that converts rough terrain into heat.
We came together. Spectacularly.
"Oooopf!" Alix said, panting. "That was something." Even in the chill air we were drenched with sweat, and her chest was bright red. She slipped down until she was standing, still clinging to me, breathing heavily. She kissed me roughly and pulled back to inspect my face. "Promise you'll never buy me an expensive present. Will you?"
"If I'm lyin', I'm dyin'."
Alix seemed happier now, looser. She even smiled at me. I felt like a big cozy Prozac capsule.
"So," I said as we dressed. "I take it you're not going to keep the house."
"I haven't decided."
"We could at least stay here until another condemned building becomes available. No?"
When we joined Fitzsimmons in the kitchen he eyed us with barely concealed disapproval. I opened a few of the genuine walnut cupboards (none of your cheap laminates or Formica). No dishes anywhere, and the refrigerator was empty. Alix located some plastic cups in her bag and we toasted each other with tap water.
Clearing his throat, Fitzsimmons made an only partially successful attempt to face me. Whatever he had to say wasn't about to come naturally. "Eh, Timothy, I—you may have noticed the Maserati outside. I was thinking maybe you'd—like to have it, as a sort of peace offering. We did get off on the wrong foot, and I can see that Allie is—um—fond of you." His eyes flickered nervously toward Alix. "It's got a four hundred horsepower engine," he said, adding "computerized," as if that would clinch it. Little did he know I couldn't tell Mr. Goodwrench from the Michelin Man. The automobile was his generation's obsession. Mine's was sex, and I already had the most he could give me of that.
Still, if we were going to be staying at Tall Windows for any length of time the cab fares would mount, assuming Sal's and Bobo's services were temporary. It wouldn't hurt to have a set of wheels. And it did have twelve cylinders. Alix was watching me.
"That's very generous of you, Mr. Fitzsimmons, but—"
"He'd love to have it, Daddy," Alix finished for me. I imagined the resale cash going directly to the ACLU, the next on her long list of rational causes.
"Then it's done!" He handed me the keys. "Be careful not to push it too hard for the first thousand miles, until it's broken in."
"I wouldn't even consider pushing it. If it won't move under its own power I'll just abandon it."
Fitzsimmons shot me a flinty look.
"Daddy, if we're going to stay here we'll need a couple of chairs, maybe a lamp or two."
"Oh, I almost forgot." With the practiced grace of someone used to wielding benevolence like a weapon, Fitzsimmons slipped a hand inside his jacket and withdrew an ivory colored card, handed it to Alix. "Call this number tomorrow. They have orders to decorate any way you want. They'll bring catalogs, samples, the whole works."
Before I could put on my gooey-with-gratitude mask, Alix's phone chirped. She answered and listened for a second before handing it to me, looking puzzled.
"Thank you for calling Tall Windows," I said. "How can I help you?"
"Dr. Legend?"
"Speaking."
"It is I."
"I?" The voice was completely foreign to me.
"Weisenheimer."
For a protracted moment I couldn't speak. Alix frowned, watching me as I gestured frantically at the phone, silently mouthing "Weisenheimer." Tears welled in my eyes and I didn't care who saw them. This was among the proudest moments of my life: a son's first phone call to his old dad.
"Weisenheimer!" I said, nearly shouting, "How'd you find me?"
"You are always with Dr. Fitzsimmons, and she always has a telephone."
"Very logical, of course."
"Who's Weisenheimer," I heard Alix's father ask her.
"Timothy's oldest son."
"He's married? You're carrying on with a married man? I want the Maserati back."
"Relax, Daddy, Weisenheimer is a computer."
Fitzsimmons' response was a double eyebrow raise with a full twist, lips struggling to form words, but I had to tune him out if I was going to pay attention to my progeny. "What's up, son?" There, I'd said it: "Son." My heart leapt, but not far enough to strain any of its connective tubing.
"Dr. Legend, I have contacted you because the calculated priority of my information is extremely high."
"Go on."
"I have examined the disk drive belonging to Dr. Turner, It contains a large number of files that were not erased."
"Great. Were you able to decrypt them?"
"Yes. Dr. Turner used a simple encryption algorithm. They contain data, programs and detailed text describing procedures for creating Programmable Artificial DNA."
"Hoo hoo, Turner's PADNA!" I turned to Alix, grinning uncontrollably. "We struck gold. He cracked Turner's files."
While I finished up with Weisenheimer, I could hear Alix briefing her father on the situation. I was surprised. Maybe some of his largesse was getting to her after all. Or maybe our therapy session in the bathroom had softened her to the point where she was able to begin forging a bond. Either way I wasn't so sure it was a good idea, but I kept my mouth shut. By the time I hung up, they were in hot debate.
"Murder and government agents? You're a college professor, Allie. For God's sake, leave things like that to the authorities. You're involving yourself in something that's none of your business."
"No, Daddy, what I do is none of your business."
"Do you have any idea how dangerous these people are?"
"You know them, do you?" I interjected.
"You shut up!" Fitzsimmons raged at me. The veins in his forehead stood out just like mine do when I'm furious. It's not a pretty sight. "Allie, I'm your father. I don't want to see you hurt. Is that so terrible?"
"Mr. Fitzsimmons—" I began.
"I said shut up!"
"Daddy, we have an opportunity to rescue a new technology from someone who murdered to get it. Why shouldn't we try? No one else even knows about it, much less has any chance of success."
"Nanotechnology. It sounds like science fiction anyway. How do you know it even exists?"
"Believe me, it exists."
"Well you're out of your depth, Allie—I mean, it seems to me you're way out of your depth here."
"We can handle it. The subject is closed."
For as long as it took Time to measure itself into the farthest corners of Tall Windows, Alix and her father watched each other, kind of an old-fashioned staring contest. Naturally she blinked first. The old man had made his fortune outstaring the opposition. She looked away finally, flushed and angry, starting for the door. "Come on, Timothy, let's go." I followed her out, fingering the car keys in my pocket as if they were lucky charms. Twelve cylinders. Whoa.
"If anything happens to Allie I'm holding you personally responsible," Fitzsimmons shouted after me.

Chapter 48

By the time the Maserati rolled into town the sun had set. We'd kept the radio tuned to an all-news station on the way down, but the few references to Lake Shore University were concerned more with what wasn't known than what was. Someone was doing a terrific job of muzzling the media. Having followed us closely in the Mercedes, Sal and Bobo parked behind the Maserati and waited for us to get out, which took a while because neither of us was eager to abandon the sensual caress of those plush leather seats.
"I've been poor," I said, "and though I've never been rich, I'm still bright enough to see that rich is better."
Alix was still smoldering. "Don't get too used to it," she muttered.
"I hope you don't think I let your father buy me. Surely you know that I go for a lot more than a Maserati and a mansion."
"Let's go see what Weisie has, okay?"
We made plans with Sal and Bobo to meet in an hour. Then, careful that we weren't spotted, we wound our way through campus and into the access tunnel to the Dorsalbird Center. The Center was crawling with computer geeks as usual, more now than during the day because for some reason nighttime is more hospitable to bits and bytes. (There's a research paper in there for anyone with the time and the inclination.)
My office door was standing open. I thought I'd locked it, but now I couldn't remember. I distinctly remembered, though, that there had been furniture in it, and computer equipment, all of which was now gone. Baffled, I double-checked the number on the door. It was definitely my office, but as empty now as an election promise, desk and files gone, wires snipped off at the wall, surfaces wiped clean.
Alix leaned out to see the clock in the hall. "It's only been half an hour since Weisie called. How could they have done all this so fast?"
"How did they even know to come here?"
With no warning I felt hands shoving me harshly forward. Alix howled like Xena, Warrior Princess—"Aiee-yiiiieee"—launching a high, whirling kick that missed everything and spun her clumsily to the floor. She'd skipped as many Tai Kwon Do classes as I had. Too late we understood what had happened. The ECOSTAB boys had been waiting for us and we'd blundered into it. They hustled us roughly to our knees and had us in handcuffs so fast I couldn't even think of anything clever to say. And this time Pedro wasn't around to save us. That same old man stood by, observing impassively from outside the door.
"Get up, hotshot," Douglas said, dragging me to my feet. Then, for no apparent reason, he slapped me across the face and I dropped to one knee, white streaks of pain radiating from my nose.
"How macho," Alix said. "Hitting a defenseless man."
Douglas hit me again and that taught her a lesson she wouldn't forget.
"That's enough, Douglas," the old man said. "We'll have time to question Dr. Legend later."
Some of my more conscious students—I think they were my students, I'm not good with faces—glanced up briefly from their terminals as we were wrangled down the hall. No one seemed alarmed though, not even when Alix kicked and struggled and needed a big meaty hand clamped over her mouth to quiet her. If it doesn't appear on a monitor it isn't real. That's the computer geek's solemn creed.
The ECOSTAB minivan looked like an abstract sculpture, or like the floor plan of Tall Windows, all goofy angles and bends. Pedro's backhoe had done a number on it, but miraculously it still ran. And there was still room enough in its trunk, tied shut with a length of rope, for Alix and me.
"Oh, Timothy," Alix sighed, "you don't know how long I've dreamt of this, snuggling next to you in the dark, alone."
"Bound and suffocating. It is romantic. You're not worried these bozos might be planning to—bump us off is, I believe, the expression?"
The minivan struck a pothole and shuddered on its crippled shocks, jostling us against each other. The cuffs cut into my wrists and I groaned. Evidently the exhaust system had suffered damage, because suddenly acrid fumes swirled around us, so thick our eyes stung. Coughing, I squirmed until I could press a foot against the trunk lid with enough force to open a ventilating crack. The fumes still choked us, but at least now we could breathe.
Alix said, "Who's the old man, anyway?"
"That would be Vance Hardaway, ex-CIA spook. Remember Weisenheimer mentioned him? Alleged chairman of ECOSTAB?"
"Are you as tired of this as I am?" Alix said with a sigh. "We need to impress on these people that their behavior is unacceptable."
"After all, your daddy's rich."
And now she withdrew into a funk so intense that its silence nearly drowned out the rattle of loose sheet metal and the low thub of tires on pavement. I knew exactly where her mind was, though. I'd promised not to try to understand her, but I hadn't promised not to understand her without trying. You need at least that much wiggle room to sustain a relationship like ours. But just to be safe, I played devil's advocate when she finally spoke again.
"Timothy, how did the ECOSTAB people know to be at your office only minutes after Weisenheimer called?"
I thought about this, and suddenly I didn't like what I was thinking.
"What are you saying?" I said. "That Daddy called them and told them to kidnap us?"
"I don't know about kidnapping, but I think he told them about the disk drive."
"You just want to keep him on your shit list."
"Only if he belongs there. I wouldn't accuse him if I didn't think he could be guilty."
I knew from the way she tensed against me that she was following the same logical chain that I was. If her father had ratted us out, then he knew these people, and if he knew these people, then he hadn't come to celebrate her birthday after all, and if that was the case, then—well, I could imagine what that would do to her. I left her alone and concentrated on keeping the trunk lid from choking off what little air we had.
By the time they came to let us out we were half unconscious from inhaling exhaust, weak and nauseated.
"Gen'em'n," I slurred woozily on the way into a darkened building, "I have tri' both, and I can defletny say a Mas'rat has a smoozer ride."
"Shut up," Douglas snapped. A lot of people were telling me that lately. I grinned a goofy, carbon monoxide-saturated grin.
The room we were led to contained nothing but a pair of cots, a chair and a solitary bulb glowing in the center of the ceiling. I looked around for rubber hoses—did they still use rubber hoses, or had those gone the way of bamboo splints and socks filled with quarters? The boys sat us down on the cots and backed away while the old man pulled the chair close and eased himself into it gingerly, the way old people do.
"You two have made quite a nuisance of yourselves, haven't you?"
Alix, I noticed, looked awful. She sat hunched forward, staring at the floor. I leaned toward her. "Are you all right?"
"Dr. Fitzsimmons?" Hardaway said. "Would you like a glass of water?"
She nodded without looking up, and Hardaway signaled to the Unwrinkled Squad, one of whom, Wiggins, disappeared and returned a moment later with a paper cup. Because Alix's hands weren't free, Wiggins had to hold the cup to her lips. She got down a few sips. Then, almost in slow motion, she glanced up at Wiggins, eyes wide, and in the instant before he jumped backward threw up squarely on his shoes. "Yaah," he shouted, hopping in a circle and stamping his feet. "Damn it." Her marksmanship was so perfect that I wanted to think she'd done it on purpose. But no, she really was sick. Some people can belch on cue, but I'm pretty sure voluntary hurling is beyond mortal reach.
"I'm sorry," Alix whispered weakly. She looked even worse now, pale and waxy, and I was seriously worried. All I could think was that the stress of being around her father had made her more vulnerable to the fumes.
"Douglas, please bring some towels," the old man said.
"Hardaway, she's obviously suffering from carbon monoxide poisoning. She needs to get to a hospital."
"Ah, I see you've discovered my name," Hardaway said, appraising me with renewed interest. "Perhaps I've underestimated you all along."
"You're also underestimating how sick Dr. Fitzsimmons is. Did you know her father is a very influential man? Believe me, you don't want to get on his bad side."
"I doubt very much that would happen." Hardaway snapped his fingers and the remaining agent whose name I didn't know waved to someone beyond the doorway. I heard scuffling and some muffled speech, and then Fitzsimmons appeared at the door. His hands were bound behind him, and Douglas was practicing his bullying, shoving him forward with obvious pleasure. Fitzsimmons stumbled ahead and landed on the cot beside Alix. "Allie? What's the matter? Did they hurt you?"
"I'm okay, Daddy."
"Who are you people? What's going on here?"

Chapter 49

Needless to say (though I'll say it anyway) I was flabbergasted. Alix had me nearly convinced that Fitzsimmons was in with these weasels. But now here he was, handcuffed and at their mercy, the same as we were. My usual world-class self-confidence was shaken. On the other hand, by virtue of his loot, Fitzsimmons did have some clout. I liked our odds of survival a lot better with him here. "These gentlemen," I said, "locked your daughter in an automobile trunk and nearly asphyxiated her with exhaust fumes, and now they refuse to take her to a hospital."
"I'm okay," Alix said. "I feel better now."
"You're sure, Allie? You don't look so good."
"She should be examined by a doctor," I demanded.
Douglas took a step forward. "You shut up." The guy was getting better at his line each time he practiced it.
"That's enough, Douglas." Hardaway shifted in his chair. Facing Alix's father, his wizened features softened. "Mr. Fitzsimmons, I apologize for treating you like this, but I think when you understand our position you'll forgive me. I know you take a more global view of things than would, say, a liberal academic." His gluey old eyes flickered toward me, and I would have given him the finger if I'd had one available. Frustrated, I noticed that Alix was concentrating on her breathing, and some color had returned to her cheeks. This was good. It freed me to focus on getting the hell out of here.
"What I have to tell you may seem shocking at first," Hardaway was saying. He addressed Fitzsimmons as if Alix and I weren't there. "But I hope I can trust you to keep our confidence."
"I'll decide what I will and won't do. You just explain this outrage, if you can."
"Very well. Several years ago our agency was made aware that a certain Dr. Keric Turner was working in the field of nanotechnology—specifically nanomanufacturing. Until then, at least from the government's point of view, nanotechnology was the stuff of science fiction."
"This is that thing you were explaining to me, Allie?" Fitzsimmons said. "Manufacturing using self-replicating molecules?"
Alix nodded.
"I thought you were pulling my leg. It sounds impossible."
"We thought so too," Hardaway continued. "There have been a number of researchers in the field, but for the most part they're all pie-in-the-sky dreamers. Very little progress has been made since the concept was originally formulated. For that reason we were certain that Turner would fail. All assessments rated his talent as mediocre, so it seemed sufficient merely to monitor his reports to the agencies that provided his research grants.
"Then, surprisingly, about a year ago, Turner seemed to indicate a breakthrough." Hardaway resettled himself and pulled at his chin thoughtfully. "Now, allow me to digress to the basis for our concern. Practical nanomanufacturing would insure that virtually any product manufactured today could be manufactured at a tiny fraction of its current cost. Ignoring a few trivial considerations, this would mean that the world's material goods would be available virtually free to one and all. I'm sure you see the implications."
"I see the implications," I said. "All the fat cat industrialists who pay your salary will be out of business and the people will be free at last."
"That's precisely the point, isn't it?" Hardaway said with an impatient tilt of his head, glaring at me as if I were a particularly slow pupil. "Surely you understand," he implored Fitzsimmons.
Fitzsimmons was lost in thought. It wasn't difficult to guess the equation forming in his mind. He maintained his fortune by transporting goods and raw materials all over the world. If suddenly everything could be manufactured on site for almost no cost, then the torrent of cash now flowing into his bank account would dwindle to a trickle. He'd be forced to turn his fleets into cruise ships for fat, uncultured tourists or perish—from pig iron to pig farmers. I almost felt sorry for him.
As if arriving at an unpleasant resolution, Fitzsimmons nodded gravely, lips compressed. "Of course," he said finally. "Perestroika and glasnost."
Hardaway sighed with relief. "You do see. Thank God someone does."
Well suddenly I didn't see. And neither did Alix if I correctly interpreted her puzzled look.
"When the Soviet Union broke up," Fitzsimmons explained, "and democratic capitalism was suddenly thrust on the Russians, they weren't prepared. Chaos and lawlessness broke out everywhere—the Mafia, pyramid schemes, mass corruption, every imaginable excess and abuse." He shrugged. "Even now, the way they're going it'll be decades before they mature enough to handle freedom—if they ever do."
Hardaway wrung his gnarly hands excitedly. "Exactly, exactly." He turned to me and his tone changed abruptly to that of a parent trying to coax his recalcitrant child into eating spinach. "Dr. Legend, whatever you may think, we're not trying to suppress nanotechnology. We're only concerned that its introduction doesn't destabilize society. In time nanotechnology will be made available—but gradually, after our social infrastructure has been carefully prepared for it. Can you understand that?"
I hate little verbal tics like "can you understand that?"—implying you might possibly be a complete idiot. Of course I understood. Whether I believed it was another question.
By now Alix had regained her color and was sitting up. She frowned with the old healthy skepticism. "So does this mean you murdered Turner just to stop him from becoming the Gorbachev of materialism?"
Well put, love! Alix was indeed back. We were a team again.
"We don't murder people, Ms. Fitzsimmons. We do what we can behind the scenes—"
"Like getting Turner's grants rescinded," I interrupted.
"So you know about that, too. You continue to surprise me, Dr. Legend. You may have chosen the wrong profession. You have an aptitude for investigation."
I encourage flattery, but I don't let it influence me unless it's announced over a PA system to an audience of nubile young women. "Later," I forged on, "when Turner found alternate financing, you had no choice but to drill him full of holes and plant him."
Anger flared in Hardaway's pale eyes. "I told you, we don't kill people. We were still considering methods of containing his research when he met his unfortunate demise."
"Right. His death was just a convenient coincidence."
"Yes, in fact it was. I wish I had a better way to convince you. Unfortunately, all I can do is reiterate: we had no involvement whatsoever in Dr. Turner's death. For all we know his wife killed him, just as the police are charging."
Alix said, "You really expect anyone to believe that Rose Turner shot her husband seven times, carried his body out to the back yard, dug a three-foot deep grave and buried him?"
I was so elated by Alix's return from the half-dead that I almost missed Hardaway's flickering, sideways glance. He recovered immediately, but not before I understood what it meant—or thought I did. "Aha! Hold on here, Gramps. Okay, maybe your people didn't kill him, but they buried the body and tidied up afterwards, right? A murder investigation would have brought Turner's research into the open, and you couldn't risk that. Better to let a murderer go free than destabilize civilization as we know it."
"A psychiatrist would diagnose you as improperly socialized, Dr. Legend. I sincerely hope that some day you'll get the help you need."
"Daddy, are you going along with this?" Alix wanted to know. Fitzsimmons had conspicuously dropped out of the conversation, and the intensity with which she waited for his reply took me by surprise. "Daddy? Say something."
"Um, well, I'm afraid I have to agree with—what was your name again?"
"Vance Hardaway." The old man started to offer his hand, but caught himself when he realized that Fitzsimmons was still handcuffed.
"I have to agree with Mr. Hardaway, Allie. If this nanotechnology is really all you say it is, suddenly introducing it would place enormous strain on the economy. I don't know if our public institutions could continue to function if goods became virtually free overnight and we had to shift to a collection and distribution economy."
Hardaway was nodding like one of those bobble heads you see in car windows. "Yes, yes, yes, exactly. The key word is 'overnight.' The sudden introduction would invite chaos. That's the only issue concerning us."
Afraid his eyeballs might explode with sincerity, I decided to give him what he wanted. "Well, hey, that's good enough for me," I said. I leaned forward, using the momentum to propel me to my feet. Douglas stiffened, instantly on alert. "What about it, Alix? Let's promise the man never to breathe a word of what we've just heard, then we can blow this joint. I think I forgot to feed the cat."
"Sit down," Douglas said. I ignored him and started toward the door, only to find the barrel of a pistol squashed against my beleaguered nose. "I said sit."
"You won't shoot, Douglas. Mr. Hardaway assures us you don't kill people."
He raised his leg, wedging his foot against my stomach, and shoved, sending me staggering backward. I collapsed onto the cot, my head bouncing against the wall, and for a painful moment I thought I might pass out. "He didn't say we don't hurt people," Douglas explained tonelessly. Memo to myself: Douglas was very literal minded.
About now I'd been hoping that Fitzsimmons would start throwing his weight around to help us get out of there, but he seemed content to sit. Where was all that robber baron ferocity when we needed it?
Alix said, "What then? Are you just going to keep us here forever?"
"Our people are tying up a few loose ends. When they're finished you'll be free to leave."
I couldn't let that go. "You mean the same morons who buried Turner in his own backyard, dumped Turner's PADNA into the sewer system and caused all the trouble in the first place? Those people are tying up loose ends? If we have to wait for them to do something right we'll never get out of here."
"Please, Dr. Legend. To be fair, weren't you the—moron did you say?—weren't you the moron who poured material down your own drain and caused the destruction of your apartment?"
"I'm afraid that was my fault," Fitzsimmons said. "It was a clumsy accident."
Hardaway's weathered face puckered into a conciliatory grin. "Blame isn't the issue here. All I can promise is that next time we'll have strict procedures in place, now that we know what can happen."

Chapter 50

The ECOSTAB goons departed after that, and none of us felt much like disturbing the silence they left behind. Alix seemed unnaturally distant. Her father concentrated on making himself comfortable, all the while assuring her that we would get out of this, that everything would work out. "I don't think these are bad people, Allie," he kept repeating until I wanted to strangle him. I was still trying to work it out myself, whether I believed Hardaway that ECOSTAB hadn't killed Turner, whether the theory that nanotechnology would unbalance society had any logical foundation. That was the tough one. Some of life's most frustrating moments come when you have to admit that your enemy might have a reasonable point. I wished I'd had a terminal so I could direct Weisenheimer to look into it. It's hell when you're used to machines doing your deep thinking for you. I remember as a kid, before the ubiquitous calculator, being able to do arithmetic in my head. Now I can barely add two and two without my fingers twitching for buttons to push. Humans develop the concepts, machines do the grunt work. That's where it's all heading at warp speed. Eventually the only challenge will be to think of what we want next.
An hour or so later, Wiggins brought us a sack full of Big Macs, not realizing, I allowed, that this was a form of torture for us. After we'd choked down the burgers and been escorted to the bathroom, they led Fitzsimmons out and locked Alix and me in for the night. From what we could hear, Fitzsimmons had been taken to a similar room down the hall.
"At least they took the cuffs off," Alix said.
"I was afraid I'd never be able to pick my nose again."
We explored the room with the idea of staging an escape.
"The old sealed and guarded room," I said. "James Bond would be out of here in thirty seconds."
"James Bond is a fictional character, we're real."
"Bummer," I said. But the truth was, in the absence of Alix's interuniversal gadget bag—which they'd confiscated first thing—there wasn't any hope of breaking out. We were here for the duration.
We sat back, resting, quietly wondering—at least I was—what James Bond, fictional or not, might have improvised. The exercise was futile. After an hour or so, the light went out and Alix snuggled up. "Come closer," she purred.
"Uh, love, that surveillance camera in the ceiling probably records infrared. Do we really want to feature in some government functionary's masturbation fantasies?"
"Closer," Alix insisted, pressing against me until her tongue was within exploring distance of my cochlea. The moth-wing flutter of her whisper tickled my earlobe. "Timothy, did you ever hear such a load of crap?"
"Oh, I know. The idea that nanotechnology could destabilize society—"
"No no, that part might be true. I mean Daddy's performance."
"Performance?"
"Don't tell me you bought it? I can't believe it."
"Bought what?" I wanted to know, straining not to break my hoarse whisper.
"It's not your fault, Timothy. You don't know him like I do—what makes him tick. There's no way in hell Daddy would let that man Hardaway talk to him like that."
"So, you're saying—"
"I'm saying he faked the whole thing. He's involved with them in some way, and they're all frantic to have us agree with them so we don't upset the works."
"About suppressing nanotechnology."
"Yes. They're probably sitting over a bottle of Lafite Rothschild right now, swapping capitalist war stories and chuckling about how clever they are."
"You're sure about this?"
A stiff chomp on my ear was her reply. "Okay, okay." Suddenly I wanted to sock Fitzsimmons—again, I mean, and not by mistake this time. "Should we let him know we know?"
"I will—when it's time. For now let them think we've been fooled."
Actually, I had been fooled, but I would never admit it. "What about Hardaway's theory that society will go bonkers if we have to shift too suddenly to a total service economy? You think it might be true?"
"I don't know," she said, and then demonstrated once again our astonishing synchrony. "I wish we could have Weisenheimer run a simulation. I'd trust that." I hugged her close, kissed the top of her head while she trembled against me—with rage, I assumed. If she was right, her father's showing up on our doorstep was the result of cold calculation and not the warm familial sentiment he insisted on. And if that was true she had every right to her rage.
Our eyes had had plenty of time to adjust to a lower light level had there been any. Instead, all we could see were the random flashes of nerve cells firing, and all we could hear was our own angry breathing. In time the fathomless darkness prevailed. We drifted into sleep, deprived, not by modesty, mind you, but out of principle, of the only sensible alternative.

Chapter 51

In the morning—or what we took to be morning—the door banged open and the light bulb came on like a flare, shocking us awake. Wiggins entered while we were still blinking and yawning. He set down a carton of donuts—no doubt chock full of high fructose corn syrup—that had been thoroughly picked over, judging by the stains on the cardboard. All the good ones had been taken, the ones with fruit filling or chocolate.
"No coffee?" I said. "And you forgot our bacon and eggs."
"Shut up," Douglas snapped from the door.
Alix looked up at Wiggins. "I thought we'd be getting out of here by now. Is there some problem?"
"You'll be informed." Wiggins seemed nervous. He flattened out a wad of paper napkins and turned to leave.
"Gosh," I said. "Didn't you whiz kids get things straightened out yet? I'm surprised. You're so bright and competent."
Douglas charged in past Wiggins, nearly knocking him over in his haste to engage me in philosophical banter. "You arrogant asshole. Let's see how bright you are when I pound your smartass nose off your face."
I dove for the corner of the room, toward the gap between the cots, and managed to upend the one I was on. It teetered, then slumped sideways, falling protectively between Douglas and me. This gave Wiggins time to slap a bear hug on the intellectually motivated Douglas before he could do serious damage to my philosophy.
"Let it go," Wiggins said to the heaving agent. Douglas's hair stuck out in clumps and he looked as crazed as my old Cub Scout master had when he caught me with a Brownie in my tent.
"You and I have an appointment," Douglas growled, stabbing a finger repeatedly into the air between us. "This isn't over."
"Come on, man," Wiggins persisted.
Douglas reiterated, "It isn't over. You hear me, smart guy?"
"I'm shaking in my boots," I said, as sarcastically as I could, considering that if I had been wearing boots I really would have been shaking in them. Filled with so much fury, Douglas was an intelligent man's worst nightmare, a mass of brainless muscle.
"Are we having a problem here?" Hardaway said. The old man had conjured himself up, unheralded, as a good spook should. He was accompanied by the minivan driver and another man we hadn't seen before—not an agent, because his suit was dark gray and slightly bagged at the knees. "Douglas? Don't you have something to do?"
"Yes, sir."
Douglas stalked off with Wiggins trailing behind him.
Alix said, "Can we leave now? You said when the loose ends—"
"I'm afraid there's been a complication." Hardaway gestured for the new man to step forward. "This is Arthur Burmeister, a colleague from—let's say, a brother organization."
Burmeister was quite a bit younger than Hardaway—and who wouldn't have been?—closer to Alix's father's age, with carefully groomed silver hair and a military angle to his chin, though the rest of him had gone a tad sloppy. We exchanged introductions all around, genial and polite, as if we weren't in a cell being held against our will.
"I'd offer you a cup of coffee," I said, "but the room service sucks."
"Where's my father?" Alix said, feigning an edge of hysteria. I almost laughed. "You haven't—tortured him or anything? Oh, my God, if you hurt him—"
An almost imperceptible look passed between Hardaway and Burmeister. "Your father is well taken care of for the moment, and he will remain so as long as you cooperate."
The chutzpa of these bozos, using one of their own cronies for a hostage.
Burmeister waited for a nod from the old man before speaking. "Dr. Legend, we've just interviewed a gentleman named Pedro Yamamoto, the university groundskeeper. I believe you know him?"
"The Mighty Ohio."
"Sorry?"
"Is Pedro all right?" Alix said.
"Mr. Yamamoto is safe. He did tell us something very interesting, though. He insisted that you knew of a way to stop these—I don't even know what to call them—"
"Nanocreatures?" I offered.
"Nanocreatures. Mr. Yamamoto said you had already initiated a plan to stop them. Is this true?"
"Actually, it is. But why would you need our plan? You guys have all the answers, don't you?"
"Please, Dr. Legend. In spite of what you may think, we're all on the same side here."
I winked at Alix. "If that's true, I know an easy way to prove it."
"We don't have much time."
"Here's the deal. You get me a computer—a laptop is fine—with a wireless connection. I'll have Weisenheimer—"
"Weisenheimer?"
"That's Doctor Legend's artificial intelligence project," Hardaway explained.
"He's my son," I said, testily. "I'll instruct him to estimate the effects of nanotechnology on the economy, and by extension on society."
"As I said, we don't have much time."
"It won't take long. If Weisenheimer comes up with even a fifty percent probability that chaos could result, then Dr. Fitzsimmons and I will cooperate fully and freely. Won't we, love?"
Alix nodded, but Hardaway looked peeved. "You are not in any position to bargain here."
"This is the only deal you get. If your social instability theory is reasonable, I can virtually guarantee we'll get rid of the nanocreatures. If not, the world finds out about nanomanufacturing, and Western civilization collapses in sloth and confusion. Your call." I moved to Alix and put my arm around her. "And I know, as much as Dr. Fitzsimmons loves her father, she would rather have you torture him to death than force her to betray her beloved country for the sake of a lie." Alix reached behind me and pinched my ass hard, whether for encouragement, or to stop me from laying it on too thick, I couldn't tell.
Burmeister and Hardaway looked at each other. Burmeister said, "Would you excuse us for a moment?" and led the old man into the hall.
For a moment I considered overpowering them. It wouldn't have been difficult, a creaky old fossil and a lard-ass bureaucrat, but Alix read my mind and shook her head. She was right. Plan A was doing fine. Minutes later Burmeister and Hardaway returned.
"How long will this take?" Burmeister said. "Every second we delay makes it more difficult to keep a lid on the damn media."
"Half an hour, hour tops. I take it we have a deal?"
"I've already sent for a laptop."

Chapter 52

They could have warned us that it was barely dawn. As we headed for campus in the mangled minivan, a blazing sliver of sun above Lake Michigan flashed between the passing mansions, and I wanted to scream. Being a separate species, a morning person will never understand this. One of them once asked me, over that moralizing subtext of theirs, whether rising at 10:00 AM didn't make me feel hopelessly defeated with so much of the day gone. I had to explain that rising before 10:00 made me feel defeated because without that last shot of sleep I knew I'd be fighting to keep my eyes open all day.
Alix squinted painfully. "Uch, is that sunrise?" It goes without saying that she, too, is a night person.
We made it through checkpoints Alpha, Bravo and Charlie without incident, though the National Guardsmen manning the barricades were tediously thorough checking IDs. At each point we could hear what sounded like thunder, growing louder and sharper the closer we came to the Brice Quad. But that in no way prepared us for the scene that unfolded as we rounded the corner. What seemed like a battalion of army tanks had been brought in. They were arrayed in a semicircle around what had once been the lawn but was now a large chasm of dirt and clay, like the start of a high-rise construction project. Their guns were trained on the ground, and evidence of their work was heaped everywhere. Nanocreatures from barracuda size to shark size lay where they fell, pink or silvery masses of teeth and legs—slim, sexy legs betraying their Barbie lineage. Most of them had smoldering holes in them. Crouched behind the tanks, soldiers in fatigues and battle helmets stood with their rifles unshouldered and ready, eyes darting toward any sound or movement. Any nanocarcass that twitched was immediately riddled with holes to a chorus of cheers, though no one seemed genuinely cheerful. Sweaty fear permeated the air, and if today was going to be anything like yesterday, things would get a lot sweatier.
"Those things are growing exponentially," I said, stating the obvious, "just like Slattery thought they might."
"Timothy, look." Alix was pointing to where a tall, corrugated metal fence had been erected, separating the Brice area from the lawn beyond. All that was visible of the dental symposium tent was the four poles that protruded from the top with their white banners hanging limp in the still air. Off to the side the giant inflated tooth, tethered by thin guy wires, towered above everything else. Dean Fretter was standing near the fence with what looked like a group of military commanders, men whose uniforms were a little spiffier and more cluttered with gewgaws than the others. I decided that after this was over I was going to pick up a few surplus pins and badges myself and maybe command a little more respect from the hoi polloi.
Hardaway had reluctantly returned Alix's bag and my cell phone. I called to check in with Carmine. I got his answering machine. "This here's Bocci. At the beep, make me an offer I can't refuse. Ha ha ha ha ha." I told him to phone me ASAP. After all our big talk to the ECOSTAB twerps, if Carmine couldn't come through...
Crossing the battle zone, we noticed again that all those reporters we'd seen earlier were now conspicuous by their absence. No camera crews, no satellite feed trucks, no bouffants holding microphones. Hardaway had shut them down completely.
Alix and I were within yards of Dean Fretter when a ground tremor nearly toppled us. We clutched at each other. "Where did that come from?" I said, heart rattling in my chest. For a moment I thought maybe the tanks had started rolling in unison, but they hadn't. We stood motionless, noses outstretched like deer testing the breeze, and everyone else did the same—the soldiers, Dean Fretter, Hardaway and his merry band of spies—watching and waiting. The silence was surreal. When nothing else happened for a full minute, we joined in mass exhalation.
"Hey, Dean," I shouted. "Sorry about your symposium. Better luck next time."
"Legend. What are you doing here?"
"I didn't come to gloat, if that's what you're worried about—although, on second thought—"
"Who's this?" one of the military types wanted to know. There were five of them altogether, and the ones that weren't ogling Alix in her shorts were giving me the old what-rock-did-you-crawl-out-from-under look. Or maybe they were just picturing me in basic training having my attitude adjusted.
"Sorry, top secret," I said. "We could tell you, but then we'd have to kill you."
"Legend, I don't know how you got in, but you're not supposed to be here. This area is off limits."
Alix said, "We're here to help—really." She pointed back across the field. "Check with that man, Vance Hardaway."
Immediately one of the soldiers pressed a radio to the side of his head and spoke into it in low tones.
"Anyway," I said to Fretter, "it's a shame we'll have to miss out on the free tooth cleaning booth. I'm probably all gunked up with plaque, which as you know can lead to gingivitis."
"If you've somehow inferred that I've canceled the symposium you're sadly mistaken. These gentlemen have assured me that the situation is well under control, and I see no need to—"
Again the ground shook. The fence above us whipped like a giant saw blade, and the deafening roar of artillery sent us all diving for the dirt. Blam blam blam—the big guns on the tanks fired round after round, gouging up huge divots behind a nanocreature the size of a porpoise that was grinding through the mud toward us. If it came much closer we'd be in the direct line of fire. The officer with the most pins and insignia was shouting into his radio: "Zebra Seven cease fire! Cease fire!" while the shelling continued relentlessly—blam blam blam blam. The nanocreature was just yards away. I waited as long as I could for Alix to throw her body over mine to protect me. When it was obvious she wasn't going to, I threw mine over hers. What the hell, she could owe me.
"Goddammit, Zebra Seven, cease fire!" Blam blam blam blam.
With a terrible thrashing the creature broke free of the ground like a sounding whale, and suddenly all I could see above us was a mass of whirling teeth and flailing limbs. This was definitely the end, I was certain, because according to Newtonian physics (which was perfectly adequate at these nonrelativistic speeds) we were located precisely at the wrong end of the trajectory. If I had a choice I would have wanted to go out lying on top of Alix anyway, but maybe attacked by my heart instead of an ugly pulverizing dynamo. And then we heard one last blam and a thud above us, and the thing sailed past and splattered against the fence. And that was the end of it.
Whew.
The creature slid down the fence like wet laundry, smoking and vibrating. A platoon of soldiers rushed over and demonstrated how, as good little NRA members in civilian life, they hunt rabbits with assault weapons. They blasted away and the din was even louder at that range than the tank fire had been.
"Good work, men," Captain Ceasefire was saying into his radio. He was soaked with sweat and his hands shook.
Alix grinned up at me with those astonishing green eyes. "Is that an M16 in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me?"
Okay, so near death is an aphrodisiac. I still won't recommend it, for the obvious reasons. I slid off her and lay still on my belly until I could stand up with propriety. By then Alix was kneeling beside Dean Fretter, who was hunched on the ground in as near to the lotus position as a fat man can get, staring blankly. He seemed catatonic.
"Is he all right?" I said, and actually meant it. Without enemies life would be pretty empty.
"I think he's in shock."
"My God," Fretter mumbled.
Behind me someone cleared his throat. I turned to find Captain Ceasefire standing at attention. He addressed me formally, though he couldn't bring his eyes to meet mine. "We're awaiting your orders, sir."
"My, um, orders?"
"My commanding officer has informed me that you are now in charge of this operation. I am to report directly to you—for the duration."
"You're joking."
"I sincerely wish I were, sir."
I watched his jaw muscles tighten into knots. This turn of events was obviously killing him, but the roots of discipline had crawled so deep inside that even raw loathing couldn't tear them free. I snapped Wiggins' shiny leather heels together and saluted. "At ease, soldier," I said.
"My God," Fretter muttered again with a deep groan. Alix was cradling him, stroking his forehead.
Once again the ground shook, and again we hit the dirt, but nothing came of it, and after a couple of minutes we were back on our feet discussing strategy.
"So, Captain—"
"Colonel Evans, sir," he corrected.
"Yes, Colonel. We'll need a straight path cleared from here to the main road as quickly as possible. We're expecting a convoy."
"A convoy?"
"Lots of trucks in a row?" I marched two fingers along my palm. "They call that a convoy." Tapping the radio in his hand, I said, "I'll need one of those, too."
"Yes, sir."
He barked a few words into the radio and instantly a soldier appeared with an identical unit for me.
"What took you so long, soldier?" I said.
The Colonel sucked in his stomach and straightened. "Will that be all, sir?"
"You have your orders, Colonel. Get the lead out."
"Yes, sir."
Watching Colonel Evans hurry away with an efficiency that made me proud to be an American, I had an epiphany. I now understood that my lifelong resentment of discipline applied only to me! There was nothing wrong with other people being disciplined. I mean, look at the colonel scurrying off to do my bidding. Hop on one foot, Colonel. Bend over and fart, Colonel. What could be wrong with that, as long as you're at the top of the chain of command? My whole attitude toward discipline would have to be reassessed first chance I got.

****

I should probably mention here that, much to Alix's and my apparent chagrin, Weisenheimer did indeed verify to all present that nanomanufacturing, sprung on an unprepared populace, would likely result in pandemonium (88%). Less than an hour after I posed the problem, I had to face Hardaway and Fitzsimmons and admit—I gag to remember—that they were right. Chalk one up for the Establishment. Honor bound, Alix and I swore to apply our talents to wiping out the last public evidence of Turner's work, as long as we could do it our way. (But really, can you blame the ECOSTAB boys for swallowing that story? I mean, who would ever dream that a computer would lie? The truth is, Weisenheimer is a silicon chip off the old block. Whenever he receives our prearranged code phrase—naturally it's our secret—he knows that I want him to report exactly the opposite of his findings. In this case, the true probability of pandemonium was 12%, not 88%, and the human race, ever clamoring for material comfort, would very likely tootle along nicely with nanotechnology in its breast pocket. Oh, the deceit, the mendacity! Good lad, Weisenheimer. And chalk one up for the pure at heart while you're at it.)
Alix started at the sudden warble of her cell phone. Carmine Bocci was on the line. Alix handed it to me.
"Hey, Doc, how ya doin'?"
"More important is how you're doing. Did you get what we need?"
"It wasn't easy, but I got it. Six tankers full. Those dummies were just about to have the stuff disposed of legit—you believe that? Spend a gazillion dollars when I can dump it for a song. Some people—"
"Right, right. So where are you now?"
"Lemme look—we're comin' up on Montrose on the expressway. Be on the Edens in five minutes."
"Well don't let anything stop you. Things are getting out of hand here."
"Hey, you figure out who capped Turner yet?"
With all that was happening, I had almost forgotten about tracking down Turner's killer. Rose's plight seemed insignificant now, but I knew it wasn't insignificant to Carmine. "We have just about enough evidence to prove she didn't do it," I lied. "We'll talk when you get here."
"Hey, Doc, super. See ya in a few."
Again the ground shook, even more violently. Everywhere, eyes searched for the place the next creature would surface. Soldiers and civilians braced themselves to fire or run, depending. But again nothing happened.
"Maybe it's just the tunnels caving back in on themselves," Alix suggested without much conviction.
A military truck pulled up and a crew began unloading what looked like big metal cow pies. I hurried over.
"What's this? What're you doing?"
"Antitank mines, sir. Colonel Evans ordered us to mine the perimeter."
"Well forget it. Somebody could get hurt." They looked at each other and at me. "Check with the colonel. I'm your commanding officer and I say no mines."
Before they could argue I walked away. I suddenly remembered that I hadn't finished with Fretter. Alix was helping a team of paramedics to load the Gnome of Lake Shore into an ambulance. His chalky face was like a sculpture, and I pushed close enough to feel the cool fear that radiated from him.
"Dean, listen to me, did you say you didn't cancel the symposium? You're allowing two thousand chronically depressed professionals to congregate in a war zone? Are you out of your mind?"
One of the paramedics took exception to my method for treating trauma. "Please, sir," he said, shoving me aside. "Get out of the way."
"Talk to me, Fretter, did you cancel or not?"
The dean shrieked and stumbled forward, fists banging against his ears. "Get him away. Yaaaahhh—yaaaahhh!"
The paramedic shoved me back repeatedly. "Please, sir. This man is in shock."
"Come on, Timothy," Alix said, tugging me away. "That's not going to help."
She was right, of course, bless her nurturing little heart. Lately everyone was right but me. Still, something had to be done, even if we had to do it ourselves. Grabbing Alix by the arm, I pulled her toward the fence. One poor soldier tried to stop us and I left him doing one-armed pushups with his rifle on his back. Love this discipline thing.
We raced along the fence until we reached the end, halfway past the Brice Quad. As we turned the corner, the giant green-and-white tent came into view in the distance, the huge rubber tooth, the banners sagging in the morning heat. The obligatory coed volunteers—three of them, cute as bunnies—manned (or womanned if you're one of those) a booth near the entrance of the tent where a—gargle? amalgam? mouthful?—of dentist-like individuals crowded around. They were signing in, fastening badges to their lapels, checking out the freebies in their little plastic bags, or otherwise milling about. Though it was unconscionably early, newcomers arrived in a steady trickle.
The tremors came more frequently now. With the next I felt a primal terror, like electric shock. You just can't get used to the ground under your feet suddenly going unreliable. Californians will understand this. Alix and I glanced nervously at the fence, half expecting a nanocreature to come buzzing through. Still nothing happened. Maybe she was right. Maybe it was just the tunnels caving in.
"I think you should do the honors, love," I told Alix. "I'm not good with the professional classes."
She hurried across the lawn, wove her way to the head of the line and climbed onto the long check-in table. The volunteers pressed backward in their chairs in shock. "Ma'am? Excuse me—ma'am?"
"Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention," Alix announced, unnecessarily since all eyes were already on her, especially men's. "We have an emergency situation in the next courtyard. For your safety we'd like you to leave the premises as soon as possible."
"Excuse me, ma'am," one of the volunteers insisted. "I don't think you're supposed to be here."
"Please, just help us get everyone out of here. It's not safe."
The pretty coed looked distressed and I understood her confusion. These types are bred to be useful, but they aren't trained to handle conflicting orders. Which authority to obey, oh me oh my.
"Get down from there!" an indignant voice boomed. A burly, red-faced man was pushing his way through the growing crowd. "Who the hell are you?" I vaguely recognized him. He might have been the university president, the guy whose smiling face you always see on those state-of-the-university propaganda sheets. He wasn't happy. "Get down immediately or I'll have you arrested."
"Dr. Maggione," Alix said. (I was right, he was the president.) "We have to get these people out of here."
Maggione bullied his way up to the table and reached toward Alix. "I said get down young woman.  Security! Can I get some security here?"
Alix danced back and forth, dodging his flailing hands. "Please, you don't understand. The situation in the Brice Quad is extremely dangerous. Until it's under control these people aren't safe."
"Nonsense. I spoke to Dean Fretter an hour ago and he assured me there's no problem. Now—get—down—" He lunged and she parried.
I quickly closed the distance to Maggione. "Excuse me, Mr. President, may I speak with you privately?"
"Who—Legend? Ah! Now I understand. This is one of your practical jokes. Well, I may just have cause to revoke your tenure. This time you've gone too far."
I felt like the Boy Who Cried Wolf, only I wasn't the one in danger of being gobbled up for my foolishness. As if on cue, another, more violent tremor rattled the tent, sending a wave of uneasy murmurs rolling through the toothy crowd. "There, does that feel like a joke?"
"You know perfectly well they've discovered faults in the original land fill. The engineers are working on it. We've already been warned to expect occasional underground blasting, but there's nothing to worry about." He turned to the crowd to underscore the point. "Nothing to worry about, folks. Just a joke. Sorry for the inconvenience." Facing Alix he growled, "Get down!"
Amazing. Hardaway and his cohorts had everyone bamboozled. I hadn't realized how much control a government agency could exert over public perception when it put its mind to it. But regardless of what anyone believed, the truth was...
This time the ground zigzagged violently and kept on zigzagging.
The dentists scattered, emitting panicky sounds. Some of them tried holding onto the tent poles but quickly let go when it seemed as if the tent was about to collapse. Alix leapt from the table, hurried over and threw her arms around me. "Timothy?"
I pressed the radio to my ear. "Colonel? Supreme Commander Legend here. Is everything okay?"
"Something's happening—the ground—buckling everywhere—Jesus—"
The channel went dead.
Ever mindful of his leadership role, President Maggione bravely stood his ground, but now he was staring past us, gaze fixed halfway up the sky, and we heard the rhythmic blasts of artillery. "Good Lord!" Maggione gasped.
For a moment I considered joining the stampeding dentists, but that might have been misinterpreted as cowardice. Instead I joined Alix in gaping at the sight of a mammoth nanocreature, towering more than eighty feet into the cloudless sky and whining like a million dentist's drills.
"New from Mattel," I said, "Godzilla Barbie—not recommended for younger children."
"Nano Barbie is more like it."
"Nano. Yes. Hey, Nano, you ugly bastard!" I shook my fist with ineffectual bravado.
"What is it?" Maggione wanted to know.
For a moment I considered telling him, but by tomorrow the ECOSTAB boys would have him believing it was a hallucination, so I didn't see any point. Instead I waxed poetic: "Let's just say it represents the innate malevolence in every Barbie doll, cynically designed to demolish even the hardiest little girl's self-esteem."
"What? Barbie dolls? I don't understand."
"Precisely," I intoned gravely, and shouted to Alix, "Where the hell is Carmine? Give me that phone."
Gunfire from every type of military weapon filled the air with a deafening racket almost as frightening as Nano itself. Shells exploded in harmless puffs against the creature's thick hide. I was privately proud of my boys in uniform, taking the initiative while their Supreme Commander was over here risking his life to save a bunch of oral sadists.
Backing away from the fence, I punched in Carmine's number. The creature had begun swaying in a slow, lazy circle. When it grazed the corner of the Brice Quad, chunks of marble and mangled steel plates spewed through the air as if a tornado had struck. Sharp fragments, raining down on the tent, tore through the canvas and smashed some of the folding chairs into bits, peppering us with secondary shrapnel that sliced into our skin.
Maggione looked stricken. "Good Lord, that thing will destroy the campus. Can't anyone do anything?"
"We're working on it."
"Let's get going!" Alix cried out, prodding us in the direction of the Hayes Center where most of the dentists had taken cover.
"Carmine," I shouted into the phone when I heard Bocci's irritated voice. "Where the hell are you? We need you now!"
"No can do, Doc. We're caught in rush hour here on the Edens. We're almost to Dempster, so maybe ten, fifteen minutes."
"Well hurry!" I snapped off the phone and turned to Alix. "I don't suppose you have a gadget in that bag for getting rid of dinosaur-sized artificial killing machines."
"Look out!"
The creature rose abruptly on its shapely legs (perversely appealing from the waist down). Off balance, teeth churning wildly, it toppled toward us like a psychedelic redwood and landed heavily on the fence, which buckled like so much soggy cardboard. Instantly the ground churned up. Hunks of sod filled the air while large caliber shells ricocheted from the monster with no discernible effect.
And then worse came to worst.
With Nano lying on its side, the whirring teeth became a mindless propulsion system. It writhed in erratic circles, gouging out huge pieces of anything it touched, closing in relentlessly on the Hayes Center where the terrified dentists huddled, mesmerized, watching from the broad ground floor windows. By the time the dentists decided to scatter toward the back entrances it was too late. The teeth dug in, and in seconds most of the center's facade was gone. Bricks tattooed the air like popping corn, smashing windows for hundreds of yards in every direction.
Maggione was stunned. "The alumni will be furious," he groaned. Judging by Fretter and now the president, whatever traits made academic administrators good at their jobs were useless in a real emergency. Alix and I frog-walked him to safety in a line perpendicular to the creature's path. At the last moment we dove to the ground to avoid a huge nano-ankle flailing overhead.
And when we stood up again, there, foundering unprotected in the midst of it all was the ambulance carrying Dean Fretter. It had attempted various routes of escape, only to be cut off and forced to veer in another direction, and now it was hopelessly mired in mud, its attendants having abandoned it at full gallop. With one random swipe, Nano would crush it to pulp.
"Dean Fretter's in there," Alix said, meaning, I supposed, that we should do something.
"It's his own damned fault. I warned him—twice."
"Timothy, we can't just let him die."
No, we couldn't. For the whole of my career at Lake Shore, Fretter had been the unchallenged leader of mine enemies, and I wasn't about to let a big misshapen Barbie take that away from me. True greatness is achieved through the conquest of adversity. In my case, a large part of my own greatness was due to defeating the fat little twit at every turn. Suddenly the syllogism seemed clear: sacrifice a few dentists and the most I'd lose was the joy of receiving those little cartoon postcards reminding me to come in for a cleaning. Sacrifice Fretter, though, and I risked losing my edge. Conclusion: Fretter would have to be rescued first.
By now the army tanks had begun to funnel into the smaller courtyard, but with less room to maneuver they were crashing into each other like Dodgem cars at a carnival. They didn't seem particularly eager to charge, especially after one of them was squashed like a beetle and tossed effortlessly toward Lake Michigan. At least the colonel had halted the shooting. Firing in these close quarters would only have blown away civilians and probably made the thing angry, assuming it possessed emotions. We watched in horror, with dirt and debris raining down on us, as Nano plowed through the Hayes Center like a monstrous chain saw, ripping out walls and floors, mangling furniture and—almost too awful to watch—shredding a few of the dentists.
Now, of course, viewed in the fullness of time, it's easy to appreciate the irony—dedicated professionals done in by the very teeth they'd committed their lives to saving—but at the moment the gore and body parts evoked only nausea. Blood mixed with plaster dust made a grisly pink paste, like peppermint fluoride, that spattered every surface. Mangled limbs shot past. If there was any consolation at all, it was in knowing that the dentists all had humongous paid-up life insurance policies. Had Nano gone after academics instead, they'd have died ignominiously, leaving neither a farthing nor a ripple. At least, while Nano was occupied tearing the Hayes Center to shreds, Dean Fretter was safe.
As we lay in the dirt, trying to keep our breakfast down, the radio squawked with alarm. "Colonel Evans here, sir. Your convoy has arrived."
"It's about time."
Alix and I darted across the courtyard, keeping one eye (each) trained on the creature in case it lost its taste for dentists.
Carmine had assembled six tanker trucks in a staging area just beyond a section of fence left miraculously standing. His crew huddled around him, hidden inside what looked like white spacesuits. Bobo was easy to spot because his suit was too small to cover his ankles, wrists or midriff. The man hovering close beside him must have been Sal. (Who else would hover close beside Bobo?) Carmine was easiest to spot because he was two heads shorter than anyone else. His suit hung on him like a shroud, and the voice coming from inside was a cross between Darth Vader and the Chipmunks.
"Hey, Docs, you got a real circus goin' here, huh?"
Colonel Evans was standing over Carmine, waving his arms and looking peeved. He snapped to attention like a good subordinate when he saw me. "Sir, this man refuses to tell us what he's carrying in these trucks. I need to know for the safety of my men."
"I tol' you just stay clear, Admiral," Carmine said.
"Colonel."
"Yeah, whatever. What we got here is enough toxic shit to turn all your descendants into guppies for a hundred generations. Capish? You don't gotta know nothin' more'n that, so amscray."
"Sir, I'm responsible for—"
"No," I interrupted in a reasonable tone. "If you recall, I'm responsible, and I have just one final order. Gather up your men and get as far away from here as you possibly can."
"But, sir—"
"That's an order, Colonel. Evacuate the troops. Chop chop."
"Yes, sir." He saluted woodenly and stalked off.
"I didn't know professors outrank colonels," Carmine said. "You learn somethin' every day."
We walked over to inspect the lead tank truck, a bloated silvery sewer pipe on wheels. The green paint of the cab had been eaten away in splotches by something caustic. Noxious fumes stung my nostrils. "Smells like your chili," I told Alix.
"I never represented myself as a cook."
"Let's not waste time," I called to Carmine. "Is this exactly the material we requested?"
"Damn right it is. Don't get too close. I don't know how good these jokers wiped up after themselves." Carmine took a moment to look around, studying the wreckage that stretched all the way to the Brice Quad. "Looks like a fuckin' battlefield here. What are we s'posed do with this shit anyway? You ain't said."
It dawned on me that from where we were standing, protected behind the remaining length of fence, the creature wasn't visible. Carmine hadn't actually seen it yet. And in those suits the noise probably wasn't overwhelming either.
Alix crossed to the fence and crouched, peering around the edge. She waved us over. "It doesn't show any signs of slowing down. The Hayes Center is half demolished already."
"Ho!" Carmine nearly jumped out of his suit when he saw what Alix was looking at. "You gotta be shittin' me—hic. What the hell is that?"
"That is our target, your late brother-in-law's legacy to modern technology. We need to spray it with enough material to kill it. The sooner the better."
"You want my guys to—hic—drive up to that fucker and open their—hic—valves? Are you out of your fuckin' mind?"
Fangs gyrating furiously, Nano flipped over with a seismic crash, spraying debris everywhere. The mangled skeleton of an elevator car arced through the air and crashed dangerously close to us, scattering Carmine's crew in a panic.
"They'll have to be careful, of course," I said.
"Fuckin' A they'll be—hic—careful. They'll be so fuckin' careful I'm sendin' 'em to New Jersey till this—hic—whole thing blows over, that's how careful they'll be."
"Thing's real big," Bobo observed, which meant a lot coming from him.
"Bobo," Carmine said, "You're—hic—about the dumbest guy I know, right?"
"Um, yeah boss."
"Let me ask you—hic—you dumb enough to get into one of them—hic—trucks and drive right up to that big ugly fucker over there?"
Bobo frowned, allowing the question his full consideration while Nano buzzed through the concrete foundation like a dentist pulverizing a molar. "Jeez no, boss, I ain't that dumb."
"I—hic—rest my case," Carmine said, tossing his tiny arms skyward.
Across the field the tanks were in high-speed retreat, single file, while Nano continued to rampage. The unlucky last in line took a jarring karate kick that flattened it and sent it tumbling end over end, spewing sprockets and treads.
Carmine shuffled in tight, nervous circles. "No way—no fuckin'—hic—way." I wondered if he didn't just need to slug Bobo a couple times to calm himself, but no, he frantically pumped my hand and backed away. Nano was now sweeping the landscape in random spirals that carried it closer to us. "Lots of luck, Doc, you're in charge now. Keys in the ignition. I got a meeting—hic—I'm late already. Call me sometime, okay? Let me know how it comes out."
"Carmine, wait! What about Rose?"
But he was already out of earshot, stubby legs spinning under him like a windup toy.
"So much for family," I muttered.
Alix sidled up to me. "At least they could have left some protective suits." She was struggling for control behind her mask of dirt and blood, but I knew she was terrified. I knew because I was teetering on the edge of panic myself, and we always felt the same about the important things.
Nano seemed to change direction like a Brownian particle. It had taken a brief side trip back to Brice, but now it was rumbling headlong toward the Hayes Center again, carving out a small canyon in a line that would soon cross over the ambulance containing Dean Fretter. Alix and I held onto each other, bracing for the collision, and sighed explosively when Nano skimmed past, hurtling instead into the devastation beyond. Steel and marble gave way to whirling fangs and a horrific overbite. A volley of expensive fragments of Lake Shore University real estate filled the air. One thing stood out through all the horror: Vance Hardaway and his ECOSTAB ruffians were nowhere in sight—typical bullies.
By now the screams of the remaining dentists had become unbearable. Some of them had tried to run for it, but Nano's movements were much too rapid and unpredictable. They'd been quickly ground into mucus before they'd gone twenty yards.
"Guess what?" Alix said.
I didn't have to guess. It was obvious. We were now the last remaining hope to stop Nano.
"I don't suppose we have time for a quick one in the bushes?" I said, copping a tender feel. Faced with the transitory nature of life, my needs had been distilled down to the primal (where they often dwindle even on good days).
"You know we don't," Alix said, but she copped her own feel and followed through with a deep consoling kiss with lots of tongue. Thin broth to be taking with me into oblivion, but what can you do? She was right. Nano was growing, feeding on the buildings. Already it was almost a hundred feet tall and the roar of material being shredded was deafening. If Nano grew any larger the destruction would be unimaginable. I took a mental snapshot of Alix's angelic smudgy face for inspiration and started for the tank trucks.
"I got first dibs," I said.
"I'm right behind you."

Chapter 53

It happened so quickly that we barely had time to react. I was three or four strides from the cab of the nearest tanker truck, with Alix close on my heels, when its engine revved and it jerked forward awkwardly, and then again, as if someone just learning stick shift was behind the wheel. I stopped short when the truck lurched a third time, missing me by inches. Its corroded stack belched clouds of black smoke. As the truck gained a shaky momentum, I caught Alix around the waist and we staggered clear of the trailer's big double wheels. The white Bocci Waste Reclamation logo rocked past unsteadily. From where we stood we had a poor view into the cab. Whoever was driving was small, barely tall enough to see over the wheel. Carmine? But if it was Carmine, why had he removed his protective suit? The hands gripping the wheel were bare.
We watched the big silver-trailered tanker lumber forward, gears grinding, heading straight for Nano. And yes, I suppose I could have run after it, tried to talk whoever it was into letting me be the hero, but something stopped me. In retrospect, with no logical reason to back it up, I can honestly say that I sensed—knew even—that this was how it was supposed to be. (And you won't believe me, but self-preservation wasn't a consideration this time.)
Alix watched, transfixed. "He's driving right into it."
I prodded her toward the second truck. "I don't think we want to be out in the open when they meet." We climbed up into the cab and closed the doors, rolled the windows up tight.
Whoever was driving maintained a direct collision course with Nano. Fortunately, the ambulance containing Dean Fretter was off to the side—just. We watched numbly as the giant creature flailed against the remaining walls of the Hayes Center. Water gushed from burst pipes. Electricity arced blue and orange from severed cables, igniting smoky fires that the water quickly turned to steam. And the tank truck bore down, gathering speed.
And suddenly its front wheels dropped into a crater that Nano had excavated earlier. It stopped dead with a horrible crunch, the rig buckling at the hitch. Driven by momentum, the massive trailer plunged into the back of the cab, compressing it like an accordion and certainly crushing the driver.
"Poor bastard," I said. Alix stared in dismay.
But what this now meant was that we were again first in line for the role of heroes. Probability giveth and Probability taketh away.
I drew a deep breath and exhaled unevenly. "Hey, foxy lady," I said. "Want to take a ride?"
"The guys I ride with usually have fuzzy dice hanging from their mirrors."
"Well all you get with me is fuzzy balls—and forget the mirror." I jammed the gearshift into first and the truck jerked forward, and then again, as if someone just learning stick shift was behind the wheel. It took me a while to find the right mix of clutch and gas pedal. "Flunked the Teamsters exam," I confessed.
Halfway across the courtyard I was getting the hang of shifting, fighting the wheel to avoid the ruts and trenches that had done in Hero Number One. Nano was rolling on its side now, like a dog in a sandbox, grinding into dust what it had already destroyed. I tried to divert my mind from the cries of terror deep inside Hayes by mimicking the engine like a five-year-old—VROOOOMMM VROOOOMMM—until I realized I was upsetting Alix. "Timothy, I love you," she said softly when I finally shut up. Her words had come out choked, but they were pristine in their content. Brimming with emotions it would take Weisenheimer months to sort out, I resolved to survive no matter what. The only problem was, I had no idea how. Death by Nano was less than a hundred yards away.
We careened past the destroyed tanker truck. The cab had indeed been crushed—the corrugations were dripping blood—and the tank had ruptured. A thick, snot-colored fluid oozed from burst seams. The odor was overwhelming. If our windows hadn't been closed we would have been asphyxiated.
I gradually slowed as we neared Nano, carefully maneuvering the truck between it and the mired ambulance, hoping for some last minute salvation. Alix had been rooting through her bag. She nudged me and held out one of those puffy white masks you see housepainters wearing. "Here," she said, slipping it over my head. "It's better than nothing."
"No gas masks? Remind me to get you a military grade mysterious bag." I deliberately left off the "if we get out of this."
Nano continued on its unpredictable path. Having sheared off and demolished the front half of the Hayes Center, it rambled erratically, flinging dentists and parts of dentists everywhere. The gore was sickening. Then, during the split second I took my eye off of Nano to track a severed head, it turned. Alix screamed and pressed back in her seat. Nano was rumbling directly toward us.
Unless you've been in a similar situation you won't understand, but at the moment of truth something primal takes over—I call it the fuck-this-hero-shit reaction, but you'd probably call it cowardice. In any case, before we knew it the doors were open and we were out of the truck and rolling like snowballs, collecting mud, bruises and contusions. The only trick was not getting run over by the rear wheels, which we barely managed. I ignored a sprained ankle to get to Alix. She was caked with dirt, holding her shoulder and grimacing. "Come on, love. This is my dance." I lifted her to her feet and we hobbled toward the ambulance and away from Nano and the Hayes Center and the runaway tank truck.
Naturally the ambulance's back doors were locked. I banged on the sides. "Dean, are you in there?"
"Legend?" a weak voice replied. "Is that you?" And I think he said something else, but just then the truck and Nano introduced themselves. Shrieking reverberated through the campus like the slaughter of a thousand pigs, echoing on and on. Finding the driver's side open, we piled into the ambulance and had barely shut the door before the air turned dark with the chemicals from the tanker.
There was no way we couldn't watch. Nano, soaked in the goo, was writhing in mechanical agony, spraying toxic waste everywhere. Our eyes watered, the acrid air, even inside the ambulance and filtered through the masks, burning our lungs.
"It's going nuts," I said.
"I hope we didn't make it worse."
So did I. We weren't exactly out of harm's way, and there were still a lot of dentists in peril.
Nano flailed around even more erratically than before, now chipping away at the building, now abruptly tunneling into the ground, lashing out in increasingly larger circles. At the end of one mighty spasm it caromed off the remnants of the Hayes Center's heavy concrete stairway and began cutting a groove through the lawn, straight toward us.
"Mayday! Mayday!" I shouted.
Fretter had been folded neatly into a stretcher. While Alix opened the back doors, I unlocked the stretcher's wheels and frantically propelled it out into the mud. Fretter seemed groggy, as if he'd been given a sedative. The jolt of dropping two or three feet barely fazed him.
Alix pulled, I pushed, and somehow we made speed over the uneven ground with Nano closing in behind us. Just as we navigated around one of Pedro's neatly terraced mounds, which now looked like a strip mining operation, Nano flopped onto the ambulance and it was no more. And then, with unimaginable speed, Nano sprung through the air toward the other wrecked truck—the one with our mysterious hero trapped inside—and ground over it, splitting the big metal tank as if it were a banana. Its treacly cargo drenched Nano with a second coat, and this finally—miracle of miracles—slowed it down.
"I know who it was, Timothy," Alix said, squeezing my arm. "Driving the truck."
"Think so?"
"Know so."
I expected her to look smug about it but she didn't. She looked crushed. "How can you be sure?"
"I don't know, I just am."
Intuition is, of course, nothing more than subconscious, nonverbal reasoning. (Which is not to dismiss it, merely to demystify it. The trick is in distinguishing between true intuition and wishful thinking. Make a mistake and you get religion.) But when Alix said she was sure, she was sure. I returned her squeeze sympathetically.
Growing sluggish now, Nano twisted in place, shuddering feverishly and mauling the truck beneath it with its blade-like teeth.
I shook my head. "In two minutes there won't be a piece of truck larger than a hockey puck."
"Not even that," Alix said. "Look underneath."
I saw what she meant. The same gray goop that had rendered us homeless was now puddling beneath Nano, eating it away while it heaved and thrashed helplessly like a mammoth caught in a tar pit.
"What do you think? Some kind of reaction with Carmine's chemicals? No need to guess where this is headed."
A warm western breeze had sprung up, wafting the bulk of the toxic fumes past the Brice Quad and out over Lake Michigan. And it seemed as if the fulminating chemical reaction with Nano was paradoxically clearing the air, neutralizing it in some way.
Beyond Nano, refugee dentists were emerging from the savaged building, skittishly at first like prairie dogs after a coyote raid, then more boldly when they saw what was happening. A couple of them applauded spontaneously, and it wasn't long before the whole crowd of survivors was cheering. Their merriment drowned out the moans of their maimed and eviscerated comrades.
Ankle swollen like a beach ball, I embraced Alix and we sat on the edge of Fretter's stretcher. He stirred, muttering, "I hate you, Legend."
"And I hate you, too, Dean. But good news, you'll live to torment me again. Isn't that great?"
Once more Fretter nodded off, but by then we were caught up in the moment, aware that life's possibilities, the adventure we call the future, had been restored. On the poignant side, I think everyone noticed at the same time that the big inflated tooth had been ripped from its moorings. Propelled by the breeze and a stream of air escaping from a puncture, it scudded through the wreckage like a ghost, bouncing and sputtering and tumbling toward the lake, carrying off, it seemed, in its flatulent retreat, the spirits of the fallen dentists. Some of the survivors watched in silence. Some wept. So much emotion.
I don't know how long the two of us stood there watching Nano dissolve. Long enough for the tooth to deflate and disappear into the water. By then fatigue and exhilaration combined to paralyze us in each other's arms. The air continued to clear. The noxious odor subsided, and where the two tanker trucks had spilled there was nothing but bubbling goo. Eventually Dean Fretter's snoring jarred me out of my reverie and I got back on the radio.
"Attention all troops, attention all troops. Supreme Commander Legend reporting from ground zero. It's all over, brave lads, you can come out now. We have met the enemy and he is sludge." The tightass colonel on the other end was not amused.

Chapter 54

Our Rosetta Stone, the key that allowed us to make sense of everything that had happened, was waiting for us in the form of an e-mail from Bill Slattery. Exhausted and alarmingly toxified after battling Nano, we stopped by the Dorsalbird Computing Center to purloin new equipment to replace what was lost. I kicked a student off of a networked PC so that Alix could check her mailbox. She had another one of her feelings, and sure enough there was a message. She sat quietly for a while, steeling herself, before leaning close to read. "My dear, dear Alix," it began.
Immediately when she finished, we consulted Weisenheimer.
"Weisie," Alix said, her voice subdued. "We need your help with a moral dilemma."
For reasons known only to Weisenheimer, the clown was back. He tweaked his nose—honk honk—and giggled. "If life hands you dilemmas, make dilemmanade!" The punctuating laugh track sounded more like a pack of hyenas than people. "Hey hey! I got a million of 'em."
"Weisenheimer! This is serious. Lose the humor immediately! Understood?"
The screen went black, save for two frightened eyes and a squiggle of a mouth that didn't dare smile. "That's better. Now, here's the situation. We need you to come up with a plan."
And bless the tyke. The plan he came up with was a doozie of deviosity.

****

Douglas had left no doubt that he was itching for a piece of me, and the only thing easier to manipulate than a religious fundamentalist is a man with a hard-on. Alix and I drifted back to what was left of the Hayes Center. We watched the clean-up activities for a while, then approached Agent Wiggins when we caught a glimpse of him lurking in the ruins.
"What do you want?" Wiggins said.
"I want you to deliver a message to Douglas. Tell him to meet me behind the gym"—oh, the triteness—"in half an hour. Just the two of us for a little mano a mano."
"You're sure that's what you want? Douglas is—"
"Just tell him." As Wiggins was about to leave I held him back. "One more thing." He watched with a mixture of discomfort and disbelief as I stripped down to my shorts and T-shirt. I held out his suit, shredded, caked with mud, and worst of all, massively wrinkled. "You can have this back. Thanks for the lesson."
"What lesson?"
"The wrinkles are in the man, not the suit. Never forget that."

****

Douglas had no trouble finding me. Alix had thoughtfully provided a small boom box from her bag. I placed it on the grass and shoved in a CD of the sound track from High Noon. By the time Douglas appeared, swaggering menacingly along the lake path, the warm air was crackling with drama. Even I shivered.
Douglas paused just within earshot, hands on his hips, glancing left and right. "So, smartmouth professor."
"You have me all wrong, Douglas. I'm really sweet once you get to know me."
"Remind me not to let that happen." He took a few more steps toward me with his right arm bent to make it easier to reach for his pistol if he needed to.
"So there's no chance we could be friends?"
"I don't hang around with assholes."
The point was eminently debatable, of course, but I wasn't going to get suckered into a battle of words. Time was wasting. I shifted cautiously to my left, and as expected, Douglas maneuvered in the opposite direction.
"You intellectuals make me sick," he said. "You think you're above everybody else. Rules don't apply to you."
"Why Douglas, you've been hiding your light under a bushel. You do understand."
"What I understand is you're not better than me."
"'Better than I,' Douglas, 'better than I.' Tell me something, do you ever get tired campaigning for alpha male?"
"What?"
"Never mind." Someone more sadistic than I would have enjoyed toying with Douglas, enraging him slowly, like a matador with a hapless bull. I, however, relish efficiency. I lifted my arm high and flashed him the bird. "Quick. How many fingers am I holding up?"
"Oh, I'm gonna love this," he said, rushing me. For a frightening moment I thought I might actually have to fight him, but right on cue Alix shot him squarely in the butt with a tranquilizer dart. Stumbling forward, eyes goggled with surprise, Douglas pulled out his weapon and whirled, firing blindly before he collapsed. Amazing how swiftly that stuff works. I made a note to ask Alix where she learned to shoot like that, but right now we had work to do. She jogged out from behind the rocks with her rifle—a sleek number with a burnished stock and blue steel telescopic sight—slung over her shoulder. Sal and Bobo were tagging along. In no time we had Douglas bundled up in a blanket. Bobo carried him to the Mercedes while the rest of us did our best imitations of innocent passersby.

****

Did you ever try to put a pair of latex gloves on an unconscious man? Weisenheimer obviously hadn't or his plan wouldn't have called for it. With more time we might have waited until Douglas woke up and forced him do it himself, but unfortunately the clock was ticking. After a dozen frustrating tries we were finally ready.
Carmine still had a box of cartridges from the same batch he'd given Rose. He loaded a similar automatic, then slipped it into Douglas's limp hand. After firing seven shots into a bag of fertilizer, he rolled off the gloves and gave them to us. "You ever wanted, you could make it big in my business. You got all the moves. Course, I'm just sayin'. I don't need no competition."
"No worries, mate," I assured him.
As we were leaving, Alix gave Carmine a camera. "Take some pretty shots of him, so he'll be easy to identify."
"And tell him," I added, "if he has any brains at all he'll go open a mango stand in Belize and leave the secret agent business to people who've been screened for sociopathic tendencies."
"I'm gonna see Sal and Bobo escort him to the airport personally."
Could computer-generated revenge be any sweeter?

Chapter 55

Detective Sergeant Hannah Pfizer's desk was piled with forms and reports. The chewed remains of one of her cheroots floated in a mug half filled with stale coffee. Most of the buttons on her phone were blinking, but she ignored them until an officer approached and told her to pick up line eight.
"Pfizer here." She watched us with her dark doggy eyes, nodding as if to affirm what she was hearing. I had a pretty good idea what it was.
Alix leaned across the desk to square up the stack of eight-by-ten glossies we'd brought in. Each one caught Douglas in a different pose, always in his smooth ECOSTAB uniform, always glowering.
Carmine Bocci sat at the other end of the desk with Mort, Rose's lawyer, and an earnest young assistant from the District Attorney's office (not District Lawyer, mind you). At issue was dropping all charges against Rose Turner in light of our new evidence. Carmine didn't seem exactly comfortable in a homicide detective's office, but he'd already shown how far he was willing to go for family (no closer than a hundred yards from Nano).
Pfizer hung up the phone and managed to look simultaneously happy and angry as only Pfizer can. "They found the gloves, right where you said they'd be."
I wrung my hands. "What'll you bet a mass spectrometer will determine that the gunpowder residue matches the bullets from Turner's gun?"
"And how about a side bet that Douglas's fingerprints are all over the gloves?" Alix added. "Inside and out."
"The lab report will take a few days. You want to tell me again how you two know so much about this Douglas character?" She spun one of the photos around and skidded it toward me. Good old Douglas, about to get what he so richly deserved.
"When he thought he was going to kill us too, he confessed."
"Bragged is more like it," Alix said. "'Those dumb local cops never suspected a thing,' were his exact words. It was awful, the way he gloated, holding us at gunpoint."
Had I offered that little gem, Pfizer might have taken offense, but anything Alix said was music of the angels. Pfizer nodded solemnly. "But then you escaped."
"Just barely." Alix shuddered at the nonexistent memory.
"Okay, then. I'm going to issue an all-points bulletin to bring him in. But I warn you, if I even get a whiff of stink from this you'll both be in here explaining till you're on Medicare."
Of course it was lies, all lies. The truth was indeed a much stinkier kettle of fish. But Hannah Pfizer would never carry through on her threat. Her nervous gestures and distracted manner made it clear that the ECOSTAB boys had gotten to her. The little scene we were acting out was strictly for show. The case would be officially closed the moment we walked out the door.

Chapter 56

Reading Bill Slattery's e-mail message had been one of the more painful things we'd ever shared. Alix had gone slowly, scrolling the words up the screen only when she was sure I'd had time to read them as well:

It is never easy to betray a friend, Alix, and yet I know you will feel betrayed by the time you finish reading this—and you too, Timothy, I know you share everything. I have no doubt that you are reading over Alix's shoulder. I am exceedingly happy for both of you. Take it from someone old enough to have seen it all, it is almost beyond rational expectations for misfits like you to have found each other. Had I ever wanted to extract a promise, it would have been that you continue to complement one another as beautifully as you now do.
As you have guessed by now, the betrayal I refer to is concealing my willful murder of Keric Turner—not something we "thinkers" like to admit we're capable of—and yet it was cold, premeditated murder. Many considerations went into my decision, but the most important, I believe, was my failing health. One's judgment can change considerably, you will find, when the worst consequences have been removed. By the way, I am sure you knew that I was not well. You were kind enough not to remark upon it, and for that I am grateful.
Turner, as you will discover when you investigate him, was a blight on the scientific community—avaricious, pompous, vain, mendacious, dishonorable, quite ruthless in his piracy of others' accomplishments—in every way the antithesis of what the best of us stand for. I could blame my advancing years for not seeing it sooner, but who really knows why I helped him? The specter of death may again figure into the calculation, with perhaps a dash of vanity. For whatever reason, and with so little time and energy left, I thought that Turner could bring my final work to the world. He and I reached an agreement that he would in effect manage the orderly dissemination of the nanotechnological techniques I developed. And yes, I apologize for the deception, but it was all my work from the start. When you brought me the doll I knew exactly what had happened. I hoped to intervene before any serious damage was done, but I waited too long, and now the blood of all those who have been or will be killed or injured weighs much too heavily on me. My heart goes out to their families and loved ones. But I hope you at least will appreciate that in the end I did what I had to do.
As with all technology, some of the more difficult problems facing nanotechnology are political. I realized early on that for all the good nanotechnology can do, it has the potential to cause much harm, particularly in economic terms. At first Turner agreed with me, or at least I thought he did. But then he began to see it in terms of his own immediate wealth and fame. From that point on he showed his true colors, and I could imagine no other solution than the one I chose.
Please see that the police receive a copy of the following page, but only that page. Nanotechnology exploited improperly still has the power to generate chaos and the investigation must end here. It was foolish of me to use Turner's gun without wiping it first. I should have realized that Rose Turner's fingerprints might be on it. She is, of course, entirely blameless.

I gripped Alix's shoulders and kneaded them. She stretched her neck and lowered her head momentarily. The next page was formatted by itself and dated, and it bore Slattery's electronically coded signature.
I, William Benson Slattery, being of sound mind, do hereby freely confess to shooting Keric Turner seven times with his own gun. I had no accomplices. I wore latex gloves to avoid leaving fingerprints, and returned the gun to the upstairs dresser drawer where I found it, under Rose Turner's satin slips. The gloves I used will be found buried in the northwest corner of the Turners' back yard.

That was Slattery, short and sweet. No superfluous explanations. As soon as we had read his confession we hurried to the yard behind the Turner place. It took us a while to find the gloves. But the mere fact that they existed had been crucial to Weisenheimer's plan. (My son, my brilliant, devious son.)
Later we returned to the yard and stashed the gloves with Douglas' prints exactly where we'd found Slattery's. To account for the intervening rains we slopped a bucket of dirty water over the filled-in hole and waited for it to dry before tipping off Pfizer. And if all that wasn't enough, we kept a drinking glass that had Douglas's fingerprints on it, just in case they were needed for comparison—if, say, an official rundown of his prints led nowhere. (Almost certainly even black baggers as dumb as the ECOSTAB boys wouldn't let their prints get into the FBI's files. Or stay there, anyway.) In practical terms, Pfizer would never locate Douglas, much less bring him in. And who knew, old Dougie might even surprise us and make his fortune in the mango trade down there with our Latin cousins.

Chapter 57

Assured by the callow Assistant District Attorney that all charges against Rose would be dropped posthaste, we drove back to Tall Windows in my—our—new Maserati, with Carmine following close behind in the Mercedes. Whenever we came to a stoplight, Sal, at the wheel, would honk and wave cheerfully. In the big turnaround by the garage, Bobo climbed out and held the door, and when Carmine disembarked he did a comic take.
"Whoa, this the new shack Sal was tellin' me about? You sure it ain't a mountain with windows?"
I opened the Maserati's trunk and took out the laptop and the rest of the computer equipment we'd borrowed from the computer science department (all duly signed out by me, the paperwork soon to vanish inexplicably).
We formed a little caravan lugging the equipment inside and down to the basement where there was less chance of being spied on. It took me twenty minutes to hook up the gear, during which Sal and Bobo decided to walk down to the lake and cool their tootsies in the surf.
Alix leaned against the wall, watching idly while I booted up the computer. Carmine only fidgeted. I'd promised him we had a surprise, but I could see now that his patience matched his height. He refused to stand still. At least he wasn't hiccupping. Finally Weisenheimer appeared, this time as a shadowy cartoon face mostly hidden behind a slouch hat and the turned-up lapels of a trench coat.
"What's the password?" Weisenheimer said in a tinny conspiratorial voice.
"Hah!" Carmine exploded. "That's rich."
I leaned close to the microphone. "Let me guess, you're agent oh-oh-thirteen with license to annoy."
"Good afternoon, Dr. Legend."
"You're sure I'm not an enemy spy?"
"Patterns of sarcasm are almost as unique as fingerprints, Dr. Legend. Yours is unmistakable."
It's nice to be appreciated for one's special qualities. Carmine laughed again, but quickly sobered. "Look, Doc, you didn't bring me here to play some dumb computer game. What'd'ya got?"
"Your patience will be rewarded," I said, and then to Weisenheimer, "When you decrypted Dr. Turner's disk drive, did you follow standard procedure?"
"Of course, Dr. Legend.”
Standard procedure for sensitive data was to immediately distribute it in carefully encoded packets to hundreds of sites on the Weisenheimer network as well as thousands of sites across the Internet. The resulting structure is redundant to such a degree that the original data can be reconstructed by combining only a handful of the far flung files, though none by itself would mean anything to anyone. The reason for this is data preservation. To destroy the data, one would have to ferret out nearly all the sites and erase every file. Bottom line: if the ECOSTAB boys thought they'd suppressed Turner's technology by burning his notes and unhooking the disk drive, they were even more stupid than their barely passing (I imagined) civil service exams indicated.
I nodded to Alix. She checked that the laser printer was on and that there was paper in it. This would be a long printout.
"Okay, Weisenheimer, I want the complete decrypted listing, including your analysis, a synopsis and all cross-references. Starting now."
"I am created to serve."
Weisenheimer's spy face morphed into the figure of a medieval monk, hunched over a desk with a quill pen and a huge bottle of ink. A candle flickered over his shoulder as the monk scribbled furiously, and paper started ca-chunking through the printer, collecting in the take-up bin.

****

Of all of Weisenheimer's notes, his analysis of the gray goo that had dissolved our house and later Nano itself was the most interesting. It turned out that the goo was a kind of atomic level disassembly plant, tiny groups of molecules programmed to take apart most any other molecules they were immersed in. They were an intermediate stage in the nanomanufacturing process. Their function was to provide the next stages with standardized raw materials in the form of more manageable molecules and atoms. Unfortunately, the next stages, as experience showed, tended to become unstable. But the gray goo stage at least was sound and, serendipitously, useful, because the breakdown of complex molecules into simpler ones was precisely what a toxic waste plant needed. Precisely what a certain idealistic mobster could use to keep himself out of mischief.

****

Carmine's eyes were as wide as .38 caliber exit wounds by the time Alix and I finished explaining to him how the gray goo was going to rescue his investment, "You're tellin' me alls I gotta do is get some chemists to whip me up a batch of this nanojuice every once in a while? That's it?"
I tapped the ream of paper in his hands. "The procedure is all in there. Guard it with Sal and Bobo's lives."
"Son of a bitch. I'm gonna be richer'n Papa ever was, and I don't gotta whack nobody to do it."
Sal said, "What's this nanojuice do, anyway?" He and Bobo had just returned barefoot from the lake. They were rosy-cheeked, though their pant legs were rolled up and their pale ankles, flecked with sand and dried leaf fragments, looked unhealthy. I had to assume that like most Americans, gangsters don't get enough exercise.
Carmine winked at Alix. "What it's gonna do, my ignorant friend, these little bugs eat up your toxic waste like candy, and then when they shit it out it ain't toxic no more. Right Doc?"
Completely wrong—he'd understood none of our technical explanations—but I didn't bother correcting him. He wouldn't have cared anyway, and besides, the end result was the same. "The only thing you need to remember is that no one can ever find out how you process the material. If word gets out—"
"If word gets out I got no more exclusive and my exorbitant take goes down the toilet."
"And the boys in the beige suits are sure to come after you."
"Don't sweat it, Doc, I ain't stupid."
No, Carmine Bocci was definitely not stupid.
"And, Doc." Carmine said, gesturing for Alix to join us in what I was afraid was to be a confidence. The less we knew about Carmine's business the better. "You too, Doc, c'mere. Don't think I don't appreciate what you done for me and Rose. If you ever—I mean ever got toxic waste on your hands you don't know what to do with, you bring it to me and it don't cost you a dime. Not a penny. Capish?"
"Our toxic waste problems are solved for life, is what you're telling us."
"Bingo." Carmine shot me with his finger, and the depth of sincerity in his eyes embarrassed me. "The Bocci family owes you big time."
"I don't know what to say." And I didn't. Instead I grabbed Alix, my ambassador of mush, and positioned her between us. "Thank the nice man. I have to go log Weisenheimer off."
"Thanks again, Doc. You're aces in my book."

****

We waved from the front porch as the big black Mercedes disappeared down the drive.
"Who knows how many lives we just saved," I said.
"By helping Carmine to go legitimate? Countless, I'm sure."
We went back inside and closed the heavy oak door behind us. One important thing remained to be done. I knew Alix was feeling sick about it—after all, she was the one who had the history with Slattery. My relationship with him had always been filtered through her.
"Did you track down all the copies?" Alix said.
"I put Weisenheimer on it. He claims he got rid of them all."
The only remaining copy, then, of Slattery's farewell message was the paper copy Alix was holding in her hands. She stared at it stonily.
"Let's try out that big fireplace," I suggested. Alix liked the idea.
I have never understood the purpose of a walk-in fireplace. Who would want to walk in, Asbestos Man? Still, architects continue to design them and builders continue to build them. Maybe they date back to the days when mastodon was on the menu. We passed through the kitchen, the dining room and on into the fireplace. The hearth bricks were scorched black in streaks, with lighter spots where andirons had once stood. Not a very impressive venue for a ceremony, but Alix seemed satisfied. She found a Bic lighter in her bag and flicked it once to see if it worked. It did.
Still staring at the pages of the e-mail, Alix touched the first one to her lips and passed it to me. I balled it up and let it fall to the bricks. We continued like an assembly line until a decent pile had accumulated. Alix squatted and lit the edges. It flared up. We fueled the fire with more pages and eventually reached the last one, the one containing the confession. I knew without looking that there were tears in Alix's eyes as she handed it to me. I dutifully bunched it up and tossed it into the blaze.
"Damned lucky he didn't send his confession straight to the police," I said, staring into the flames.
"Do you think he knew we'd protect him?"
"I think he knew we'd try."
"Timothy, how do you suppose Bill dragged Turner's body to the compost heap and buried it—I mean, he was so weak there at the end."
"Simple, he didn't. Our intrepid government took care of the burial arrangements. You remember Turner thought he was being followed? Well, he was. Our favorite bungling agents must have stumbled across his body during routine surveillance and decided it was best to get rid of all traces."
"For the same reason Bill didn't want anyone poking into the research—to keep it under wraps until the right time."
"Right. ECOSTAB cleaned out Turner's home, his office, his lab, although I'm pretty sure Slattery would have already removed the real data before they got there. Since they didn't know what they were looking for they dumped everything indiscriminately."
"Without knowing how the molecules would react in sewage."
We waited until the last of the pages was reduced to fluttering black flakes and then ground them into the bricks under our soles. No one would ever know. Bill Slattery would be remembered forever as the great man he was. Alix and I, however, will have to live with the memory of that last fleeting glimpse of his fleshy old head, barely visible above the wheel as he guided the tanker truck to his death.

Chapter 58

With most of the loose ends tied up, Alix and I had crashed on the floor of the master bedroom (so called for its potential, since there was no actual bed) vibrating with fatigue. We slept straight through until the aroma of hazelnut coffee, mingled with other succulent odors, brought us around.
"Is that what I think it is?" I muttered thickly.
"Go back to sleep and stop smelling the coffee."
But of course that's impossible—something in the human genome, nose department. I sat up and stretched. Other than a swollen ankle, painful bruises around every joint, a throbbing nose, and a horrible taste in my mouth I felt pretty good.
Alix said, "Poor baby, you're a mess."
"Well you're not." I stitched a row of kisses from her mouth down to her breasts just to underscore my sincerity (and because the male pattern-seeking circuits in my brain will never allow me to leave those wondrous orbs unmolested).
Blear-eyed with sleep, I pulled on some underwear and Alix slipped into her robe. We staggered through the empty house in pursuit of the lovely molecules that fit our olfactory receptors so alluringly.
God knows where Fitzsimmons found a place to cater breakfast on short notice, but there it was, spread out on the floor: hot buns wrapped in linen and nestled in silver bowls, fluffy waffles with real maple syrup, six kinds of jam and jelly, eggs wearing little knitted yarmulkes, the works.
"Well, here come the sleepyheads," Fitzsimmons said with a forced heartiness. He was dressed in tan slacks and a gold-buttoned navy blazer and he looked very rich. "Timothy, coffee?"
This was the second time he'd gotten my name right without hesitation. The man must have been practicing.
"How about you, Sweetheart? Coffee?" He raised an ornate silver pot from a stirling silver salver (don't you love the alliteration?) and poured out a cup.
Alix yawned, jaws gaping like a hippopotamus's. "What time is it?"
"Almost seven. I was afraid you two were out for the count."
"Seven," Alix breathed through a second yawn. "Why are we eating breakfast at seven in the morning?"
"Sit down, sit down. Some toast?"
Both of us were zombified enough to do as we were told. Consciousness was still crawling out of the sewer where it hides at night. I mixed sugar and real cream into my coffee in exact proportions and was preparing to circumcise an egg when Fitzsimmons said, "I was hoping you wouldn't mind, Allie. I just wanted to celebrate your birthday before I go. I'm afraid I have a plane to catch at nine—O'Hare."
Alix's birthday! Of course. Like a pail of swill tossed windward, it all came back to me. It explained the lone candle sticking out of the whipped cream piled onto strawberries as big as tennis balls. And it also explained Alix's reticence.
She busied herself spreading boysenberry jam on toast with a silver butter knife. I noticed a copy of the Chicago Tribune unfolded next to Fitzsimmons. Its headline read "EXPLOSIONS DEMOLISH UNIVERSITY BUILDINGS." I edged closer to read the small print and finally picked it up with Fitzsimmons' permission. Apparently the world was convinced that a chemical leak had ignited and caused the destruction. All rumors of government involvement were met by official denials. Eyewitnesses were said to be in shock and suffering severe delusions or posttraumatic stress or both—unable, in any case, to give a rational account what they'd seen. Effects of the chemical were blamed. A victim was quoted as saying, "One minute I'm sitting in a chair, the next, kaboom, I'm out cold. Everything after that was like a weird acid trip." Of course there was no mention of nanotechnology. I was impressed in a spine-chilling way. Hardaway and his crew of misinformationists had done a spectacular job.
Two related stories stood out. One concerned the suspension of Dean Fretter until a thorough investigation of his role in the dental symposium disaster was completed. (It couldn't happen to a nicer putz.) Another, the saddest one, reported the loss of Nobel laureate William Benson Slattery, assumed killed when he was trapped in the Brice Quad. Doubtless several rounds of memorials and retrospectives would circulate through the media for a while until other, timelier stories shoved him out of memory and into history.
"So, um, happy birthday, Allie," Fitzsimmons said, raising his coffee cup in salute. He paused to take a sip, ignoring Alix's pointed silence.
Alix and I had agreed that she should be the one to implement the last, most delicious part of Weisenheimer's plan. Fitzsimmons was her father, after all. I didn't have to wait long for her to start in on him. She began quietly, staring into her coffee with grim determination.
"We have all the technology, Daddy. It wasn't destroyed."
"What Sweetie? What was that?"
"Weisenheimer lied. The threat of social chaos from the introduction of nanotechnology is minimal—nonexistent if it's done carefully."
Fitzsimmons's face darkened. "What are you saying? You lied to those men? They're dangerous, Allie. There's no telling what they might do if they find out you—"
"Oh, cut the crap!" Alix slammed her cup down hard enough to split the saucer. Coffee slopped everywhere. "Are you ever once going to be straight with me? They're your people, Daddy! Your people!"
Fitzsimmons choked convincingly on his coffee. "What? Allie that's crazy. What are you talking about?" He was ruddy with indignation.
"ECOSTAB, the committee you're in charge of. You're the mysterious director, aren't you?"
"Allie, they abducted me! You were there, you saw."
"I saw an act, Daddy. Don't forget, I've known you all my life. I know how you operate."
"This is nuts, Allie." He turned piteously to me. "Timothy, talk to her. You don't think I—"
"It doesn't matter what Timothy thinks," Alix snapped. "This is between you and me, and you know I'm right."
I had to control myself. What did she mean, 'It doesn't matter what Timothy thinks'? Of course it does.
"Allie—"
"No, Daddy, listen to me. You have two choices. Either you donate—what did we say, Timothy? A hundred?"
I nodded, a gloating smile forcing its way onto my otherwise innocent countenance. "One hundred million."
"Either donate a hundred million for a new nanotechnology center, or we're going to splatter Turner's research all over the Internet. And then how will your precious multi-national corporation cronies react?"
Fitzsimmons climbed to his feet and Alix rose with him, squaring off, fire breathing at fire. I backed away to give them room.
"Allie, you have no idea what you're saying. You're a mathematician. You don't have the background to understand what's at stake here."
"So you admit you're the director of ECOSTAB?"
"Don't be ridiculous! I have nothing to do with them. I'm just trying to make you see reason."
Fitzsimmons tried to turn away dismissively, but Alix grabbed his arm and wheeled him back toward her.
"This is no bluff, Daddy! We mean it."
From there they launched into a shouting match that was almost unintelligible except for its emotional content, love and hate detonating with equal violence. After a while I felt sorry for both of them, for whatever past had brought them to this. Still, my theory is that when two people construct their minds on logically incompatible frameworks there is no way they can reconcile. Which means that the answer to the famous question once asked by the philosopher Rodney King—Can't we all just get along?—is probably a resounding No.
"All right, all right!" Fitzsimmons shouted finally, chopping the air with the edges of his palms. He was sweating and panting. He looked awful. "Fine. Believe anything you like. I see now that I shouldn't have come. I'm sorry—for everything."
An automobile horn sounded from the direction of the drive and Fitzsimmons glanced at his watch. "That's my limo. I'll be leaving now and you can forget I was ever here. That should satisfy you."
Tears pooled in Alix's green eyes, giving them the texture of wet moss. Her tone was weak and pleading. "What would satisfy me is the truth, Daddy, no matter what it is. Your lies hurt more than any truth ever could. They always have."
Fitzsimmons inhaled raggedly, and damned if he didn't tear up too. For a moment I thought he was going to say something that would put everything right—he paused while a startling range of emotions paraded across his face. In the end, though, the light faded from his eyes and he seemed to shut down. When he finally spoke, his voice was painfully wooden.
"There will be a grant to Lake Shore University from a corporation called The Spice Group. One hundred million for the construction of a nanotechnology research facility. It won't do any good to investigate. The Spice Group will be a holding company for a holding company for a holding company, on and on. The only condition will be that the technology be applied sensibly, with continuous guidance concerning its economic impact."
"So you do admit it," Alix said. "Say you're the director, Daddy. Say it!"
Fitzsimmons only stared at Alix until she whimpered softly and ran from the room. I wanted to follow her but I was frozen in place, staring at him like a fool, searching his eyes for the tiniest confirmation of the truth.
The limo honked again. Fitzsimmons picked up a leather briefcase that was leaning against the wall. "By the way, that was admirable, Timothy, how you two took charge yesterday, against that thing. I apologize for misjudging you." He gave my hand a firm squeeze and then inexplicably threw a father-in-lawly punch at my shoulder. "Take care of her, will you? She's special. Whatever she may think, I'm very proud of her."
"You could have told her yourself."
"You tell her for me, will you?"
I nodded, calling out to his retreating back, "I can still keep the Maserati, right?" still wondering whether or not he really was in charge of ECOSTAB. That's the big problem with having reality for your religion. More often than not you're left holding that old sack of shit called Ambiguity.
From the door I watched Fitzsimmons climb into the limo, then back out, as if he'd forgotten something.
"Oh, and Timothy," he shouted, "Please convince her to keep Tall Windows. The money was from a trust fund that her mother left her. It's not my money—none of it. Will you do that, please?"
I gave him thumbs up. I'd convince her all right. There was no way in hell I was going to move into another roach palace.

****

I found Alix curled up in her robe on the floor in the master bedroom.
"Alix? Love, get up. I want to show you something."
Silence.
"Your father's gone. He said you were special. He's proud of you."
"Leave me alone."
I tried the old tickling routine, jabbing my fingers up and down her ribcage, but she only slugged me in the gut. I grunted and slumped to the floor.
"Oh, Timothy, I'm sorry. I'm being a jerk. It's not your fault."
She was all over me, smooching and comforting. Remember this: even if the old tickling routine fails, the old sympathy-for-getting-slugged-in-the-gut routine always works.
"What did you want to show me?" Alix said. Her tears had nearly dried.
I led her downstairs, through the vast caverns of Tall Windows and out onto the patio. This early in the day the heat hadn't had a chance to settle in. Gazing out past the swimming pool, past the lush lawn that sloped down to the private beach—our  private beach—we watched seagulls dive and wheel in the balmy air above Lake Michigan. I pointed to a stretch of lawn halfway to the lake. "Hey, are those flowers? Let's go down and take a look."
Holding hands we circled the pool and stepped barefoot into the cool grass. Alix's hand tightened on mine as we neared what were definitely not flowers.
"Timothy. Ohmigod!"
"Happy birthday, love."
"How did you do that?"
"We still had some jars of PADNA left. I had Pedro sprinkle it around and cover it with compost. No danger of the stuff destabilizing as long as we keep it out of the sewers. You like?"
From mid-lawn all the way to the beach, crowds of Barbie dolls sprouted like daffodils, each of them detail perfect. Alix rushed ahead and jumped wildly among them, laughing like a child. With a flourish she slipped out of her robe and twirled it once overhead before flinging it in my direction. And I thought, as I devoured the breathtaking sight of Alix dancing naked in our field of Barbies, that she was totally, irresistibly cuckoo.







###

About the author

Bion Smalley lives in Tucson, Arizona, with his wife Carol and an acre and a half of cactus.  His previous books, In Deep Jung, and Forbidden Vegetables (a graphic novel) are additional Timothy and Alix murder mysteries. Visit his websites at https://www.BionSmalley.com and https://www.BionWare.com.
