No One Cries for Monå Lizé
‘A Fantastic Piece of Sh_t!’ -- Arnold Spankergrüber
Novel By Billy Orton
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2022 Billy Orton
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
ISBN 9781005440169
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Art of the Cover
The cover art is drawn from the many pieces of work now in public domain that had been produced a century ago, when the world was tortured by The War to End All Wars, and which showed that the nurses and Nuns who tended to the injured in military hospitals were seen as the Angels who could lift the souls of those who laid at the edge of death, due to that global conflict, that Great War, so little mentioned and never remembered.
An apology by the author
I ain’t no Ernest Hemingway.  My sentences aren’t short and lots of words aren’t small.  Though my writing can be obtuse, my attempts are to make plain the very simple truths.  So I am grateful that you are willing to perhaps condemn yourself to a novel that might not be an easy start, but hope that when you’ve reach that second reel – like any movie – you’ve met everyone, learned their stories, and want to reach the climax.
What does this novel mean?
Like a short motion picture, this novel is presented in two reels, referring to reels of film.  Film can lift the soul, but often plunge from the sky, due to the burdens of tin and time.  The author apologizes for a tough start, but, like movies, flashbacks teach what matters for today’s story.  Weaving 1918 and 2020 is meant to show that important tales of yesteryear often feel foreign, like reading history books at the dinner table.
Reel One weaves September 1918 and June 2020.  In one century, two pandemics have together become the most brutal killers ever to strike the Industrial Age.  The 1918 story takes place in the final days of the “Great War.”  As bodies lay row upon row – in the ground or on hospital beds – it is love that prevails, be it soldiers for their brothers, or for Sister Grace, who, like an Angel, like a bird, can lift human souls from their suffering.  So while characters of the 2020 story may feel tied by threads from their own family past, relationship to yesteryear are little more then folded flags and ancient art, for unless we bring life to tales of the fallen, it is only a matter of time that our own tales leave little.
Reel Two looks only at June 2020, where the couple searches for the true meanings of love, marriage and devotion, so as to overcome the sorrows that could soon simply be a forgotten yesteryear.  Even during a pandemic and social injustice, it can be love that lifts us, like an Angel, like a bird, for togetherness is a rallying cry to battle our greatest foes.
Each reel of the book suggests that one face links together souls otherwise disconnected.  Grace makes a cameo appearance, while tending the injured in Avignon France, and who, in a short appearance on film, dominates memories, for her stardom – like Gary Cooper in Wings – is not measured by how long she appears, but by the memory she leaves us.  Duxter refers to an actor who stars in a quirky rip-off TV series, of a zoologist who solves murder mysteries, with the help of wild parrots.  No matter the bonds formed by players with fans, the faces are reduced to flat images.  Arnold Spankergrüber and his Caballeros re-hash pitches for funding to insiders who are fed fantastic gobblygook.
If film of the Silent Era is forgotten and today it is reduced to rehash, the stories of this novel suggest that video still reveals that The Struggle is unrelenting, for George Floyd reveals that all film – propaganda, entertainment, news – must earn their Wings by capturing for eternity that which otherwise goes unseen and forgotten.
Hope you agree with Arnold Spankergrüber, that this is, “A Fantastic Piece of Sh_t.”  Thanks for considering my fourth novel. – Billy Orton, obscure novelist 
REEL ONE – GRACE
This first reel weaves together the stories of 1918 and 2020, with that same sense of foreignness that one would feel when reading history books at the dinner table.
Telling 2020…
1 – A Century of Love and Anxiety
3 – Chasing Arnold Spankergrüber
4 – COVID’s Just Another Word for Nothin’ Left to Lose
5 – Surf City USA Does Its COVID Thing
6 – Arnold’s Fantastic Face Mask
7 – Breakfast in Winona 
8 – The Wedding Nightmare
9 – COVID Gets It Kicks On Route 66
10 – Three Caballeros Dine at the 565 Club
15 – Unspoken Stuff of Legend
Telling 1918…
2 – ‘Over There’ Before COVID
11 – The Slog Behind The Front
12 – Grace the Lady of the Angeles
14 – Briefed at the Marseille Aerodrome
16 – Carry Words of Grace
17 – The Baptism of Fire
Telling both 1918 and 2020…
13 – Eight Minutes And Forty Six Seconds
REEL TWO – DUXTER
All tell the 2020 story
18 – This Really Old House
19 – Parrots and Pastrami, With a Side of Privilege
20 – Something Old
21 – Great? Or a Piece of Sh_t?
22 – Something New
23 – Something Blue
24 – Doing Their ‘Fantastic Piece of Sh_t’ Thing
25 – Blitzkrieg Bopping
26 – Something Borrowed
27 – The Bonfire at The Barracks
28 – Monument House
The 1918 Characters
Major Carl Van der Bix, of Long Beach CA
Carl’s Stern Father, known only as The Old Man
Carl’s Best Friend from Long Beach – Earl Daugherty
Monå Lizé Ullagård – Lead Dancer of the Danish Royal Ballet
And Sister Grace – The Most Beautiful Woman in France 
The Chain-of-Command for the youngest Major in the United States Army
AEF Supreme Commander – General John J. ‘Blackjack’ Pershing
Army Air Service #2 in Command – General Billy Mitchell
General Bernie Bliss
Colonel Oliver Spaulding
Lt. Colonel George S. Patton
The Ghost of Colonel David Arian
The Major’s personal staff for the slog to Marseille
The Unnamed Junior LT / Cameraman / Poet
Sergeant Henry Adams, of Rochester NY
PFC John Roccé, of Rutland VT
Rifleman Private Johnnie
Rifleman Private Giant
And Those Magnificent Men
John Powell, of the 39th Aero Squadron
David Armstrong, of the 39th Aero Squadron
In Their Flying Machines
The Black Haired Pilot
The Red-Headed Pilot
The Brunette Pilot
The Blond Pilot
The 2020 Characters
Councilman Larry Van der Bix
Olympian-and-Soldier Lori Lewis
Mother-and-Essayist December Carrera
Eight-year-old son, Riley Lewis Carrera Beach
Hollywood Caballeros who pitch ‘Fantastic Sh_t’
Former Governor Arnold Spankergrüber
The Star of “Duxter” – Dexter Green
Tom Producer Man – Tom Pranks
That Jon Guy – Jon Stuart
The Personal Staff of the Dork-in-Chief
Chief of Staff Jeanine Harper & her daughter
Press Secretary – Maryann Moore
The Dork’s Field Deputy – Justin Case
Representing the City of Long Beach
Long Beach Mayor Anthony ‘Tony’ Kim
The Long Beach Vice Mayor
The Long Beach City Clerk
Unnamed Council Members 

And Doing Their Maine Thing
The Hippy – Karin Joplin
Cameraman – Bobby McGee
Chamber of Commerce Leader
The Chairperson of the Select Board
The Maine Tourism Board representative
Sergeant Major Oscar ‘Bear’ Roccé and his Army Buddies
Bear’s niece, Sergeant Liz Roccé, and her Husband and the Twins
Christine Tosche, the Only Teacher at the One-Room Schoolhouse
The Owner of Armistice Coffee and 
The Waitress at the only Cafe
Reel One – Grace
A century ago, when America’s population was 106 million people, Woodrow Wilson convinced a reluctant nation to send an American Expeditionary Force to fight in “The Great War,” a world conflict – “Over There” – that claimed a “Lost Generation” using weapons never imagined.  Americans lost 150,000 Doughboys in just 18 months, as just part of a death toll of all armies in “The War to End All Wars” that killed between 8,573,054 to 10,824,236 in uniform.  Yet losses in World War One pale to the “Spanish Flu” that exploded as the war was ending.  “Patient Zero” was a Kansas farmboy infected by a wild bird and he carried the influenza to Camp Funston KS in Spring 1918.  Immediately hundreds of soldiers died, before the outbreak calmed that summer, and the highly-contagious influenza moved across America on trains, and then onto ships that carried Doughboys to France.  When the war ended, in November 1918, the Spanish Flu exploded, and within two years, America lost 675,000 and the estimates are that 100 million died worldwide.  After the Spanish Flu finally petered out, survivors stopped talking about it, for while the Great War was an epic clash, everyone wished to wipe away all thought of the most brutal killer ever to strike the Industrial Age.  Not since the Spanish Flu has a pandemic struck with such brutality as has COVID-19.  The author of this novel seeks only to suggest that we don’t forget, again.
Chapter 1 – A Century of Love and Anxiety
“December is crazy to drag you and the kid to some tiny town in Maine during a global pandemic,” said Long Beach City Councilman Larry Van der Bix, as they entered the elegant foyer of his family’s century-old mansion, where California sunlight bathed the alabaster sculpture commissioned by King Christian Xth that depicts his leading ballerina – Monå Lizé Ullagård – glancing downward.
“I don’t even know if we’ll stay married,” said Lori Lewis, the athlete who the dork had literally bumped into decades earlier, when each started their first day as freshmen together at Woodrow Wilson high school, in Long Beach California.
“Wouldn’t divorce be tough on the kid?” asked Larry, hoisting a massive key ring that included several antique ornamental keys, used to unlock doors that a century earlier had lured the ballerina to leave the Danish Royal Ballet and emigrate from Copenhagen, for a new life on Naples Island.  “At least you have a kid.”
“Riley’s not my kid,” angrily said Lori, as she took out her beeping phone.  “Aren’t you supposed to be at your office for some meeting with the former Governor?”
“My best friend is more important than a wrestler,” said Larry, wriggling the key.
“Arnold Spankergrüber wasn’t a wrestler,” corrected Lori.
“I don’t care if he drove a tank,” said Larry, as he kept trying to wriggle the key.  “Dang it!”
Instead of watching her friend again struggle at a door to the past, Lori looked up, to the triangular display cases that bore the American Flag and the other, the Danish Flag.  “Let me try,” said Lori, instantly unlocking the door and handing Larry the keys.
“One day I’ll dust those things,” said Larry, looking up to the 48 Stars presented by General John J. Pershing – the head of the American Expeditionary Force – to Larry’s great-grandfather, Carl Van der Bix, the pilot from Long Beach who had briefly served as the youngest Major in the U.S. Army, and who finished World War One roaming military hospitals to round up aviators able to still fly for the final push to victory “Over There,” in that “Great War,” described as the “War to End All Wars.”
Larry and Lori walked under the two flags and a reel of 16mm film resting beside them, as Monå Lizé had wrapped the red-and-white Dannebrog around the tin can to protect the reel, after the couple had met while touring a continent shattered by war to raise money to treat injured soldiers, and when she traveled across a world, gripped by the Spanish Flu for a new life in sunny southern California.
“Aren’t politicians supposed to show up on time?” said Lori, studying her phone.  “We can talk on a call tonight after the first day of driving to Maine.”
“Most elected officials show up late,” opined the dork serving in his first term elected to anything, and who was ignoring his schedule by tossing his keys onto his family’s couch, next to the Victrola record player that Carl and Monå Lizé had gotten from the Old Man, as a wedding gift.  “Doesn’t it get really cold in Maine?”
“December only cares about winning that contest,” said Lori, studying her phone, “and since COVID closed the school, all the kid does is read my Sgt. Rock comics.”
The Councilman’s cell phone buzzed.  “Spankergrüber keeps threatening me,” he said, “and my Chief of Staff wishes she still did ‘Duxter’ instead of working for me.”
“Who’s happy with what life dishes out now?” asked Lori, pocketing her phone, to ignore text messages from her wife.
“Politics certainly doesn’t make me happy,” said Larry, who had won his only election by dressing like Will Rogers, while dumping millions of his lottery winnings into mass mailings, television and radio commercials, full-page ads in the local newspapers, a campaign staff, and an aggressive social media campaign.
“Then why’d you run?” asked Lori.  “Aren’t you incredibly privileged?”
“At being laughed at over my ‘Blinker Day’ idea?” said the Dork-in-Chief.
“So we both won and neither got what we wanted,” said Lori, the fifth generation of her family to be born in Long Beach and to volunteer for military service, and the only one to earn five medals at the Olympic Games.
“Is COVID why the marriage is falling apart?” asked Larry, known for lottery winnings and his absurd campaign, but who otherwise achieved little in life beyond a trust fund and friendship with Lori.  “My Chief of Staff mentioned something like that… about marriage and COVID, and stuff, before she went on vacation a month ago.”
“December’s so afraid that she’s invoking rank as a mom to demand we move,” said Lori, as she gazed around the room where the ballerina had spent hours each day, in front of floor-to-ceiling mirrors, teaching rich kids to dance ballet or giving performances for the Long Beach elite.  “I’ll have to make up some reason other than the kid.”
“By the love of Grace, don’t lie,” said the dork, cranking the Victrola.  “At least tell the truth... or don’t say anything.”
“We’ve fought about the kid since our wedding night,” said Lori, glancing up to a framed-but-yellowing newspaper clip from August 1928 – just months before Carl died – that showed presidential candidate Herbert Hoover watch the Danish ballerina perform, before his own speech to 100,000 gathered for the annual “Iowa Day Picnic,” held each August at Bixby Park.
“That’s the only pictures my grandmother got to keep,” said the dork, “went Monå Lizé went back to Copenhagen alone after Carl’s plane crash.”
“I’ll just stay silent on marriage and the kid,” said Lori, reading the newspaper clip, with a single sentence that misspelled the name of Monå Lizé Ullagård and inaccurately stated that she had danced for the King of England.  Unmentioned about her was the departure from Copenhagen during a global pandemic or her months traveling in close quarters on steamships and trains, before arriving in Long Beach, California, the small-but-growing beach town incorporated just 30 years earlier.
“Remember,” said Larry, offering a lesson typically disregarded in his business, “you can’t be called a liar for what you don’t say.”
“You’re the only person I can talk to about divorce,” said the athlete and soldier.
“Well, perhaps you need something old to help find something new,” said Larry, as he ruffled up his sleeve and – presto! – produced a huge antique key from his key ring.  “I’ve got extra, since I’m getting the house.”
“At least you’re privileged to know your own future,” said Lori, taking the key, “but I’m afraid to say anything about the kid, cuz everything feels like a long march.”
“Maybe you can just accept feeling afraid,” said the dork.  “Just a little.”
“There’s a difference between fear and the will to survive,” said the soldier.
“Since COVID freaks us out about the future, let’s comfort ourselves in the past,” said Larry, as Lori studied the ornate lettering – Long Beach CA – on her giant new key.  The dork lowered the needle onto the thick disc spinning on the turntable, filling the suite with ancient sounds.
As Enrico Caruso sang “Over There,” the dork witnessed Lori Lewis – an NCAA champion swimmer, an Olympian, and a decorated combat soldier – display doubt.
“I don’t know if we’ll make it to Maine,” said Lori.
Chapter 2 – ‘Over There’ Before COVID
The first air show in America took place in Los Angeles, in January 1910, only seven years after the Wright Brothers flew outside Kitty Hawk.  To boost tourism to southern California, LA County made available some empty unincorporated land and encouraged the Pacific Electric Red Car to lay track for tourists visiting for the Dominguez Hills air show.  One year later, a young man from nearby Long Beach – Earl Daugherty, son of a real estate tycoon – became the first to land a plane in town – on the shoreline – and was the 87th American to receive a federal license needed to fly.  Earl Daugherty later went on to be the leading aviator in Long Beach, ran a flight school and bought the land that later would be used to construct the initial Long Beach Airport.  In December 1928 – while the greatest film ever made in the Silent Era, “Wings,” still filling movie houses with the first live-action footage shot in the air – Earl had been talked into a barnstorming flight by a local newspaper editor, and the men spent ten minutes in the air, when – 2000 feet over Compton – one of the biplane’s wings snapped, and the plane plunged to the ground, killing all three. 
*     *     *
On September 3rd 1918, U.S. Army Air Service Captain Carl Van der Bix, of Long Beach CA, stood at the Victrola and squinted, to see a gray sky over Paris France.  He yawned and lowered the needle, and the world’s greatest performer passionately struggled with English lyrics.
Johnnie, get your gun
Get your gun, get your gun
Take it on the run
On the run, on the run
Hear them calling, you and me
Every son of liberty
“Attention!” burst a voice, and every officer in the room jumped.
“At ease,” said General John J. “Blackjack” Pershing, entering the Officers Lounge, accompanied by a One Star General and a Bird Colonel.  As the Italian singer sang “Over There,” the Supreme Commander of the American Expeditionary Force waved Carl Van der Bix away from lifting the needle of the Victrola.  “No need, Captain.”
Carl remained at attention, as Pershing walked directly to the 28-year-old airman, who had begun flying seven years earlier, after being dragged – along with his school friend, Earl Daugherty – by his stern father to the Los Angeles International Aviation Meet held at Dominguez Field, where the Old Man had ordered Carl and Earl to pass out flyers promoting the family’s real estate business to lure potential homebuyers from the crowds of wealthy privileged tourists who had crossed the country by train or ship, or even a new automobile, to attend the first air show in America.
“How on earth did he become a Major?” mused Pershing, staring at the 88th American to have been issued a federal license to fly and one of the first to earn wings in the fledgling U.S. Army Air Service.
“Cuz he’s still alive after six years with an Army air rating,” said Colonel Oliver Spaulding, stepping forward, and extending a tiny box.
“Patrick and Mitchell say you’re one of the best in the Air Service,” said Pershing, opening the box and producing the Gold Leaf that signifies the rank of Major.  “Spaulding needs an aide.”
Major Carl Van der Bix remained at attention while being pinned by General Pershing, but his eyes clouded, as he hadn’t slept in two days since being ordered to hurry up and wait in Paris.
*     *     *
“Wake up, Boy!” boomed what seemed to be the harsh voice of Carl’s father, known simply as, the Old Man.  “You’re at work.”
Seeing only a gray sky over what he believed to be Belmont Shore, Carl Van der Bix imagined himself getting dressed, donning his cap, and making his way to the kitchen, where the Old Man was packing into a wagon printed literature that advertised the family’s real estate business – “California Living in Sunny Long Beach!”  The Old Man put placards, a tiny folding table and one stool onto the wagon and secured everything with twine.
The lanky 19-year-old – now a high school graduate, but with no prospects beyond the family’s business – put four apples in the crate.
The Old Man and Carl marched up Bayshore, through the newly-developed neighborhood, to wait for the Pacific Electric Red Car, on Ocean Blvd.
“VeeBee!” yelled a voice, as Carl and the Old Man hoisted the wagon into the Red Car.  “Are you going to the Air Show, too?”
Carl nervously smiled to his classmate, Earl Daugherty – also a privileged son of a Long Beach real estate tycoon – as the Old Man bought two tickets for the train line that had been laid specifically for the Dominguez Air Show.
“I’m gonna fly me one,” said Earl, climbing on board.  “I’m gonna git me one!”
“Keep your mouth shut, Boy!” bellowed the voice that Carl perceived as the Old Man, pushing his tall son away from Earl, before yanking him onto a seat.
Earl sat next to Carl, but neither spoke aloud during the trip to downtown Long Beach.
“Who needs Coney Island?” whispered Earl, as the Red Car slowly passed the waterfront pleasure zone that had quickly become the second-most-visited beachfront tourist spot in America.  Carl looked beyond, to the enormous warships of Teddy Roosevelt’s Pacific Fleet.
With a huge crowd waiting for the special train bound for the Air Show, the Old Man relied on his gruff voice and his cane to part the Red Sea.  “Coming through,” barked the mogul who had gotten rich by developing Naples Island and Belmont Shore.  “Sickly child…  Make room….”  Those who wouldn’t step aside, the Old Man poked with his cane.
Inside the special train, Earl Daugherty again sat next to Carl.  “Don’t you wanna fly?” whispered Earl, to Carl, who looked torn between orders and dreams.
The Old Man scowled at his lanky son, before turning to the dashing young Daugherty.  “Yer good enough looking to make privileged women pause.”
The Red Car clattered as the two young men took orders.
“Remember, printing costs money, so never hand someone a flier,” ordered the Old Man.  “Look ’em in the eyes and say, ‘Considering a move to sunny California?’”
The two young men said nothing.
“Let ’em vote with their fingers!” demanded the tycoon responsible for new housing that had turned Long Beach into a direct competitor with Los Angeles.  “Make ’em take it.”
The Red Car reached its terminus, at the ticket gate for the Dominguez Hills Air Show.
The Old Men leapt to be first out of the Red Car, blocking the door until Carl and Earl could hoist out the wagon.  As the two teenagers followed the Old Man, both looked upward, to see aircraft of all shapes – biplanes and dirigibles and balloons and more – flying or floating above huge bleachers constructed specifically for the two-week event.
Carl stared upward at the Glenn Curtis biplane majestically circling the air field.
“I’m gonna git me one!” repeated Earl, privileged to be able to dream of a bright future.  “Bliss is waiting.”
Carl felt what seemed to be his father’s cane, but he could no longer see the Air Show, but instead could see a Victrola and hear yelling and Caruso singing.
“Bliss is waiting, Sir,” floated a distant voice.
“Make sure Van der Bix holds on to those flyers!” yelled with what Carl believed to be the Old Man’s voice.
*     *     * 
Realizing he was now a Major and inside an Officers Lounge in Paris, Carl Van der Bix shook his head as “Over There” – the most popular song of its age – played on.
The airman had not slept since being ordered off of reconnaissance flights he had been doing to support the 28th Infantry Division, which was enduring brutal street fighting in Fismes, to be instead ordered to Paris, where he was ordered to clean his uniform and polish his boots, before a Colonel finally ordered Carl to hurry up and wait, so that he could receive orders directly from the AEF Supreme Commander.
“Sir,” said the One Star accompanying John Pershing, “General Bernard Bliss is waiting.”
“Colonel, make sure Van der Bix holds on to those flyers,” said John Pershing, who then left the Officers Lounge with the One Star, before Enrico Caruso finished “Over There.”
“I’m relying on a kid to round up pilots for the Air Service,” muttered Colonel Spaulding.
“I’ve been flying for seven years, not just six,” grumbled the U.S. Army’s youngest Major.  “Earl and me got our federal license in 1911, not ’12.”
The sound of scratching and popping showed the Victrola had finished “Over There.”
“No Staff Officer of the Air Service sleeps on the job!” yelled Colonel Oliver Spaulding.
Carl’s eyes flickered, and again saw his life before the Great War, of sneaking away from Fort Mac to drive with Earl Daugherty, and of sleeping at his desk after their barndancing.
Instead of hearing a Victrola or his new boss, Carl saw his original commanding officer, Colonel David Arian, of San Pedro CA, who had enlisted him at Fort MacArthur in 1911, shortly after Earl and Carl had become the 87th and 88th Americans to earn a federal license to fly.
Carl shook his head, and again saw that he was in Paris, in a nearly-empty Officers Lounge, and that his new boss was yelling.
“Your job is to tour the hospitals to round up pilots,” barked Spaulding, demanding that the exhausted Major be driven to the Air Service HQ in Champagne-Ardenne.  “You’d crash for sure.”
The Victrola continued skipping.
“Or you’ll wind up with the shortest career as a Major in the U.S. Army,” yelled Spaulding.
Major Carl Van der Bix heard the yelling, but stared instead at David Arian’s ghost.
“Stop dreaming, Major!” yelled Colonel Spaulding.
Carl watched the ghost try, but fail, to lift the Victrola needle.
“Saint-Mihiel will be the first battle led by the AEF!” barked Colonel Spaulding.  “If you’re sleeping on the job, it won’t just be you who dies.”
Carl could only see Colonel David Arian.
“Van der Bix!” shouted Colonel Spaulding, slapping the new Major.
The ghost of David Arian – like a longshoreman making sure that an injury to one would not become an injury to all – sought to awaken the exhausted airman, who had not slept for days.  Carl repeatedly blinked, as the ghost sent a waft of smoke across the room – a cloud that looked more like a face mask – to warn the Major that the Great War may end, but arriving from Kansas will be a pandemic that would become the most brutal killer ever to strike the Industrial Age.
“Downstairs in five minutes, Major!” ordered the furious Colonel Oliver Spaulding, storming out of the Officers Lounge.
Carl shook his head, as David Arian saluted the Major and evaporated into the Paris sky.
*     *     *
“Behave like a Staff Officer when you take orders from the AEF Supreme Commander!” yelled Colonel Oliver Spaulding, inside a Davidson-Cadillac armored vehicle, as a grim-faced Sergeant Henry Adams maneuvered the officers across pockmarked roads with bumps so violent that Major Carl Van der Bix finally woke.
*     *     *
Carl climbed out of the motor vehicle when they arrived at Chaumont.
“Took your sweet time, Major,” said General Billy Mitchell, the number two commander of the fledgling U.S. Army Air Service, himself also young, having climbed the ranks quickly, after his father – the Senator of Wisconsin – had exercised privilege to get wings for his kid and move him up the ladder.  The General unfolded his detailed personal map and laid it across the hood.
Carl produced a pencil and a small notepad and began meticulously scrawling numbers shown on Mitchell’s map, to record Aerodrome units assigned across the Western Front.
“We need to rapidly build the Air Service in the south, so I’m sending you to Marseille,” said Mitchell, handing Carl a clean map and a typed order signed by John Pershing and witnessed by Mason Patrick.  “Wave this at any big-headed bastard who gets in your way.”
*     *     *
“You’ve got a driver, two riflemen, and a junior officer,” said Colonel Oliver Spaulding, motioning to the armored car that had carried them to the Air Service HQ, at Champagne-Ardenne.  “Assess and gather pilots from the hospitals and base them in Marseille.”
“Carry extra pilots in that,” said Carl, pointing to the Davidson-Cadillac reconnaissance vehicle, where a giant rifleman was loading ammunition.  “We’ll already be tight… with him.”
“You need both riflemen for the Colt-Browning M1895,” said Oliver Spaulding, pointing to two Privates, the giant being at least a foot taller.  “Get the LT to round up more vehicles… and memorize and burn those notes.”
“Fueled, Major,” said the grim-faced Sergeant, who had driven Carl to meet Billy Mitchell and now was carrying his own order to get the Major to the only AEF aerodrome in the southern tip of the Western Front.
“Hey’a Major,” said a young aviator – Carl’s junior LT – balancing a large hand-cranked motion picture camera over his shoulder and carrying an armload of unexposed film reels.
“How am I supposed to feed ’em all?” said Carl, looking at the giant rifleman.
“Be creative, Major,” said the Colonel.  “You’re a Staff Officer.”
*     *     *
“How old are you, LT?” asked Major Carl Van der Bix, as the Davidson-Cadillac armored vehicle rolled over a pockmarked road, alongside a forest of splintered trees and muddy fields, toward the rubble of a demolished town.
“Twenty-one, Sir,” said the winged aviator, looking up from a notepad onto which he had been editing a poem.  “Earned my wings eight months ago.”
Carl turned to the two riflemen assigned to protect him.  “When did you boys get here?”
“Me and Johnnie disembarked three weeks ago, Major,” said the enormous rifleman.
Carl studied the bright faces of the two Privates.  “How old are you?”
“Seventeen, Sir,” said each shiny-faced Doughboy.
“Our whole class enlisted,” said the small Private.  “And since Giant’s so big, we got assigned to shoot and feed the Colt-Browning.”
“You’re just babies,” said the youngest Major in the U.S. Army.
“Any combat after disembarking?” asked the LT, who watched the Privates sheepishly shake their heads.  “Me either.” 
The driver – Sergeant Henry Adams, clearly the oldest – slowed the vehicle, to approach a roadblock outside the only building standing in a town demolished by the chaos of the Great War.
“Halt!” demanded an armed British Corporal, guarding the roadblock and ready to shoot.
“Moving a Major,” said the Sergeant, extending a written order through a window slit.
The first guard studied the sheet, while another guard stood ready to fire.
“Any food?” shouted the Major, to the two guarding the only erect building in the area.
“Stale bread, but not enough,” said the Corporal, returning the Sergeant’s written order.  “Got no livestock, no crops, no birds.”
“Plenty of rats, though,” snickered the other guard.
“Welcome to France, gentlemen,” said Carl Van der Bix, as the driver lurched ahead.
Chapter 3 – Chasing Arnold Spankergrüber
“I don’t have time for this shit,” said Larry Van der Bix, as he rushed to keep up with his Chief of Staff, who marched at double pace across the City Hall parking garage.  “I’ve got to pick up a big order at Original Philippe’s to say farewell.”
“Since you never tell Maryann who you’ve added to the schedule, the former Governor has waited an hour,” said Chief of Staff Jeanine Harper, who had left the uncertainty of a gig with Hollywood for a well-paid job heading the Councilman’s staff.  “I’m back at work after COVID stole everything I loved, so perhaps you can also deal with the struggle of life, with slightly better priorities.”
“I can’t take it,” said Larry, as he bolted toward the entrance to City Hall.
“Councilman!” screamed Jeanine, now forced to chase her boss into the building, where a police officer immediately drew a sidearm and yelled, “Halt!”
The dork kept running.
“Oh, hey Councilman,” chuckled the guard, holstering his sidearm, as the dork ran to the elevators.
“Wipe… your… face,” growled Jeanine, jumping into the elevator to catch up with the perspiring Councilman and sifting in her purse for wipes.
Larry didn’t take a packet of disinfectants, but galloped when the elevator opened, and his own Chief of Staff again had to chase the Councilman, as they raced across the horse-shoe of political offices encircling the top floor of Long Beach City Hall.
The furious Councilman stormed past the mask-wearing Mayor and his frantic staffers, all watching coverage of an “Open the Economy” protest in Huntington Beach.
Larry swung open the door to his Second District office.
“The Governor is waiting for you,” said Larry’s press secretary, Maryann Moore, who pointed toward his personal office, “and he won’t talk to the Mayor.”
“Call the Police!” barked Larry, rushing to his personal office.
“To arrest him for smoking indoors?” said Larry’s field deputy, Justin Case.  “There’s already no ashtrays.”
The Mayor burst into the 2nd District office, but was politely blocked by Larry’s smiling staffers, while the boss and the Chief of Staff ran into his personal office, where the dork and Jeanine found the gigantic athlete-turned-movie-star-turned-politician tapping cigar ash into a plastic cup on the Councilman’s cherry wood conference table.
Larry slammed the door, almost striking Mayor Anthony “Tony” Kim in the face.
California’s former Governor – wearing a fantastic facemask that allowed him to safely smoke – was watching the mounted television, of FOX coverage that showed maskless white protesters gathered at the base of the Huntington Beach Pier.
“Governor Spankergrüber!” gasped Jeanine Harper, whose gig in Hollywood had never risen to a rank where her name became known by anyone except the payroll office.  “We are so sorry….”
“I’m not!” barked Larry, after locking the door.
“I am here with a fantastic idea from That Jon Guy and Tom Producer Man,” said the Governor, his Stetson boots resting on the table, alongside a new Stetson hat wrapped in ribbon, with a lottery ticket tucked into the brim.  “Let us be your Three Caballeros.”
“Get out!” yelled Larry.
“We want you to run for President,” said the former Governor.
“What?” gasped Jeanine.
“You are super-dooper rich, but I do not want you to only be Mr. Sidekick Man!” said the movie star, quickly jumping to his feet and grabbing the cowboy hat, as the sweating dork lunged toward the conference table.  “We already have a sidekick man.”
“I told you, ‘No!’” barked Larry, who stumbled as he charged ahead.
“Ha! Funny! Fantastic!” laughed Arnold Spankergrüber, behaving as one would when teaching a kindergartner to exercise.
The Mayor pounded on the locked door.
“You’ve talked about this?” gasped Jeanine, as the two politicians ran in a circle.
“Help us make America laugh again!” exclaimed the former Governor, as he winked to the Chief of Staff, after finishing another lap around the conference table.
“Get out of my office!” yelled the Councilman, running out of breath.
“Arnold Spankergrüber calls you?” repeated Jeanine.
“I make The Fantastic happen,” cooed the Governor, to Jeanine Harper, now a widow returning to work after losing her husband to COVID, unable to hold a funeral, and forced to self-quarantine for 10 days.
“And stop calling me!” yelled the dork.
“Your fantastic show will get fantastic ratings to be a fantastic hit and make fantastic money,” said Arnold, jogging rather than running, to allow the dork to keep up with a slower pace.
“He pitches stuff to you?” asked Jeanine.
“Hollywood loves a hit!” said Arnold, winking to the Chief of Staff, as he handed her the gift-wrapped Stetson hat, with a Mega-Million ticket, after circling another lap.  “Who doesn’t love a winner?”
“People who voted for the loser,” opined the Chief of Staff.
Outside the locked door, Mayor Tony Kim kept demanded entry.
“Tonight’s ‘Blinker Day’ debate will make a fantastic pilot,” said the Governor.
Jeanine Harper stared at the hat in her hands.
Showing no social distance, Arnold Spankergrüber exercised the privilege of unrequested close contact to use the Chief of Staff as a body block to Larry’s charge.  “You are so much a Super-Cute Girl,” said the Hollywood star, flirtatiously, “and I am Mr. Divorced Fantastic.”
Jeanine immediately and fully slapped the former Governor.
“Why did you hit me?” exclaimed Arnold.
“Quid pro quo,” replied Jeanine.
“Get out or I’ll call the police!” ordered Larry.
Chapter 4 – COVID’s Just Another Word for Nothin’ Left to Lose
Lori Lewis heard knocking, donned a face mask, and opened the door to her now-emptied beachfront luxury apartment.
“Why, you must be The Big Winner!” said a woman in her 50s, with wild hair and wearing a floral face mask, faded jeans and a hippy blouse.  “Everyone loves a winner!”
Six feet behind the woman and also wearing a mask stood a skinny young man in a shirt that read, Do Your Maine Thing.  “We’re here for the interview,” he said, politely indicating that a huge video camera that obviously rested on his shoulders.
“Wrong apartment,” said Lori, who started to close the door.
“No, Baby, the Maine Tourism Board sent them because of the contest,” said December Carrera, a stunningly beautiful woman in her mid 30s, who was about to award her son with a neck chain holding a huge key that Larry had given to her husband.  “Our dream-come-true story will help make people consider moving to Maine.”
The interviewer looking at the tall blonde athlete and the coal-black-haired bombshell and the schoolchild, before motioning to her cameraman to focus on December.
“I’m Bobby McGee,” said the tall cameraman, politely indicating that he was about to shoot some video.
“Four, three, two,” said the wild haired interviewer, her face mask bobbing with each word, before flashing a silent index finger.  “This is Karen Joplin, and we’re as far from Maine as one can possibly go, and still be on the continental United States.”
“Wait, I didn’t say ‘yes’ to an interview,” said Lori Lewis, whose five generations of family had taken orders as soldiers, sailors or Marines since arriving in Long Beach a century ago, but had never been forced to obey PR hacks.
The cameraman continued filming, as the interviewer extended her microphone.
“Why, you must be The Big Winner!” mechanically repeated Karen Joplin.
“I won the Harbor House Inn with my essay on love, marriage and devotion,” said December, joyfully, before lovingly turning to her unsmiling husband.  “Dreams can come true!”
“No one asked me,” repeated Lori Lewis, the Olympian from Long Beach who had earned NCAA Best-in-Southern-California awards all four year swimming for Woodrow Wilson, when her own privilege was to avoid interviews, because her best friend, Larry, used his privilege as rich kid to drive her each morning for the 5 am practice.
“And just look at what Maine’s newest homeowners are giving up!” said Karen Joplin, impatiently brushing past Lori to lead the cameraman to the massive patio with a beachfront view, ordering Bobby McGee to shoot the Queen Mary.
As the skinny cameraman panned the Long Beach waterfront, his ring tone sounded.  Awkwardly, he stopped shooting to take the call.  “Mom, I’m kind’a busy.”
“You should show better priorities than taking a person call while at work,” said the hippy, as she walked into the apartment.  “Billy makes bad choices, but he’s a cute driver.”
Lori and December stared at the now-maskless beanpole wrapping up his call.
“Definitely cute,” whispered December, checking to see that her son was out of ear shot.
“He’s a stick,” said Lori, “but clearly toned.”
Bobby McGee pocketed his phone, put on his mask and maintained social distance when he entered the living room.  The women watched the man walk toward the boy sitting on the rug, who wore the latch-key chain.  “What’s your comic book?”  The boy didn’t look up from Sgt. Rock.
“Well, my goodness,” said Karen Joplin, as she flashed the silent order for another video, and again brushed past Lori, when December headed to the door.  “I wonder who’s knocking?”
“Excuse me, Ma’am,” said the cameraman, as he politely passed Lori, but displayed uncertainty over pronouns.  “Or…, Sir?”
“What the fuck is going on?” said Lori, looking at a kid reading comics while her wife took command for a dream that will become the nightmare ending her sunny days in Long Beach.
“Don’t talk like that in front of our son,” said December, at the door.
The cameraman captured the door swinging open.
Even though Long Beach Councilman Larry Van der Bix wore a face mask, he clearly had jumped into “photo-op mode” – as would any politician – and stood ready to present a box of the Original Philippe’s sandwiches, pickles, coleslaw, soup, salad, drinks, and slices of pie.
“They’ve got COVID!” barked Lori, pointing to the Maine duo.  “You’ll get sick!”
Karen and Bobby each promised they had tested negative.
As would any unhappy wife, December looked miffed.  “My husband’s just being silly.”
*     *     *
The dork waved away a seagull threatening his sandwich and slid an Original Philippe’s mustard bottle to Bobby McGee, as everyone sat in a wide circle on the huge-but-empty balcony, with the Maine duo soaking up May 2020 sunshine, and the child tossing French bread to the bird.
“Clean the bottle,” ordered the 50ish hippy, tossing a packet of disinfectant wipes to Bobby. 
The cameraman obeyed, to not piss off a boss.
“It was Larry who introduced us,” said December, offering a sandwich to her husband.
Lori and Larry quickly looked at one another.
Unmentioned was that each woman agreed to go with Larry a decade ago, on a road trip to cash his massive lottery winnings, but their friend had exercised the privilege of being a complete dork who didn’t tell either woman that the other had been invited, nor had Lori been told that the dork was December’s biggest fan with her gig as a webcam diva.
*     *     *
The younger dork settled into an upscale hotel leather recliner, as he watched December finish preparing the laptop to feed live-stream webcam video and then adjust her skin-tight clothing.
“I know we’re driving with Soldier Girl to cash your Mega Millions,” said December, “but my subscribers pay good money for the weekly show.”
The webcam stripper flipped the laptop to “Live Video” and signaled for Larry to start the video camera, as she straddled his hips.  “Here’s two perks for my biggest fan.”
*     *     *
“I don’t agree to talk about our private life,” said Lori, offering Original Philippe’s, to perhaps distract the duo basking in the May 2020 sunshine.
“Oh…, right,” said December, quickly turning to her son, urging that Riley wag the key.  “Winning a future together is what unlocks The Big Story.”
“May I?” asked Bobby, as he calmly shot video of Riley wearing the latch-key chain, while the eight-year-old was tossing bread as several birds flew off.
“Don’t scare the child,” instructed Karen Joplin.
“They’re afraid cuz all my birdfeeders got packed up,” said Riley.
*     *     *
December – the eye-poppingly beautiful bombshell – welcomed fans to her web cam show, as she slowly slipped her thumbs under her clingy top.  The diva sat squarely onto Larry, who began to gasp for breath as he struggled to shoot video in the hotel room.  December pulled the clingy top such that each breast slipped out with a silent “pop.”  Chatting with fans, she smiled and moved her hands under her breasts, lifting, pressing, wagging, gripping and bouncing them.
Larry struggled, as December hovered above the camera.  As huge breasts swung over him, Larry’s hands twitched, causing the camera to jiggle.  The dork began coughing.
“Turn off the sound,” said December.
Larry coughed more.
“Lots more to see, guys,” said December, as she switched off the sound. 
*     *     *
“So you don’t want an ‘introduction story’ for the interview?” asked Karen Joplin, enjoying the privilege of eating free roast beef and basking in the client’s sunshine by the seashore.
Lori looked sternly to her wife.
“My essay on love, marriage and devotion isn’t about how we meet, just that we are devoted to a life together,” said December, as she mechanically prepared a plate for her son.
“The key is a fun angle,” added Bobby McGee, pointing to the chain dangling around the eight-year-old’s neck.  “And the birds make it a nice close-up.”
“This isn’t your interview,” said the woman with wild hair.
“It’s a key that my great-grandfather, Carl Van der Bix, gave to his bride, Monå Lizé Ullagård, in 1920 when she arrived in Naples,” said Larry, as the cameraman scrawled notes onto a small pad.  “They met when he flew planes for the Army during World War One and they raised money for injured soldiers together just after the war.”
“The key is exactly a century old,” said the cameraman, examining the detailed notes before pocketing his pad.  “Thank you, Councilman, for being so helpful.”
December offered a plate to her son, as Karen gave another order to the cameraman.
“Don’t put that away until you get proper spelling,” said the hippy.
*     *     *
With the webcam running without audio, December leaned forward, her thighs wrapped completely around Larry’s torso.  He struggled to hold the webcam diva’s camera.  Gasping, Larry’s eyes rolled back and he passed out.
The camera fell onto the recliner.
Lori opened the hotel room door and saw Larry passed out under a barely-clad December. Lori rushed to make sure Larry was alive.  The camera continued shooting, as Lori pulled open his mouth to check Larry’s airway and breathing, before placing fingers against his neck for a pulse. The athlete-and-soldier then turned with fury to December.
Subscribers of the 2010 webcam watched – but could not hear – the two women battling, clearly yelling, their arms swinging, and hands smacking.
December shoved the blonde away.
Lori soon pinned December, next to the camera.
As the blow-by-blow continued, a chat window on the computer showed subscribers cheering both the blonde – dubbed “AngryGirl” – and the webcam diva.
Lori swung her hand.
“Nobody slaps me!” yelled December, catching the swing.
Loud grunting and slapping sounds awakened the dork, who saw the women wrestling.  Lori’s shredded shirt left each topless, neither willing to stop without total victory.
Seeing the camera still running, the dork smiled limply and closed his eyes.
*     *     *
“Don’t forget the pie,” nervously said the dork, offering slices from Original Philippe’s.
“Why’d you drive to downtown Los Angeles during a fucking pandemic for sandwiches?” muttered Lori, a soldier displaying little will to survive.
“Don’t talk like that!” shot December.
The eight-year-old watched another showdown between his parents.
“You can’t get Philippe’s over there,” replied Larry, playfully repeating, “… over there.”
“My mouth is burning!” gasped Bobby McGee, quickly downing lemonade to offset the super-hot mustard spread across his roast-beef-and-cheddar French dip sandwich, which he dipped into au jus to battle the burn.  “Why would anyone leave?”
Chapter 5 – Surf City USA Does Its COVID Thing
“You never asked me about some fucking interview,” growled Lori, as December climbed with Riley into the passenger side of their rented U-Haul.
“Watch your language!” said December, as she slid in.  “You’ve had plenty of interviews, since there wasn’t any COVID at your stupid Olympics or getting decorated at the White House.”
“I wouldn’t have gotten anything in London if the flu didn’t knock out the U.S. team,” corrected Lori, before grumbling some more.  “So when does my opinion matter?”
“When my husband wins a medal at home,” replied the wife.
The duo from Maine exited the lobby of the beachfront apartment building, with the hippy clearly exercising the privilege of a one-sided debate.
“Oh fuck,” moaned Lori, pulling down the U-Haul’s cargo door, where Larry was standing.
“We do not ‘hitch’ a ride,” growled Karen Joplin, to her cameraman, as they approached the back side of the U-Haul.
“You’re the one who sold the idea of a cross-country interview trip to the Tourism Board,” said Bobby McGee.
“Please just do your job,” said the woman in her 50s, as she approached Lori Lewis.  “Hello….  We are covering a ‘lost-tourism’ angle on COVID….”
“Like I care,” replied Lori, as she locked the cargo door and turned to say goodbye to her best friend.
The hippy silently ordered the cameraman to capture video of Larry wiping away tears.
“You’re lucky you can get into fights with your wife,” said the dork, again telling Lori that no one in Long Beach had ever liked him – even after winning the lottery and getting elected – except for her.  “And no one even dated me.”
“Nice guys don’t always finish last,” said Lori, hugging the dork.
“Your friend is so right,” smiled the hippy from Maine, interjecting herself into the farewell, by assuming that the privilege of speaking to the camera with a fake smile would be a naturally accepted interruption.
“Stay the fuck away from me,” shot back Lori, as the cameraman politely stopped shooting.  Lori finished her farewell to Larry, herself wiped a rare tear, as December waved to her biggest fan.
Lori climbed into the driver’s seat and started the engine.
“If we join you, the Tourism Board can cover gas, food, and lodging with a VISA card,” said Karen Joplin.
Lori Lewis said nothing, but December silently looked at her for an answer.
“And Bobby’s never gotten a ticket.”
*     *     *
“Why are we staying on PCH?” growled Lori, driving southward, in a U-Haul that could barely fit the four adults and an eight-year-old.
“Isn’t Maine the other direction?” asked December, checking Google maps, as they passed the Bolsa Chica wetlands.
“My clients want footage of the Huntington Beach Pier,” said Karen, squeezed against the passenger door.
The U-Haul was one of the few vehicles on Pacific Coast Highway that did not display the American Flag or hand-produced signs taped on windows, some of which read, “Open California,” and “All Business is Essential to Someone,” and “Killing the Economy Doesn’t Save Lives.”
“Can Mr. Riley also shoot videos?” asked Bobby, who sat next to the eight-year-old.
With a silent nod from December, Bobby handed a small camera to the child and pointed to the oceanfront bluffs, with maskless people walking dogs, or riding bikes, or carrying a surfboard.
“Someone called me, ‘Mister,’” said Riley, aiming the camera to bumper-to-bumper traffic, with the seaside bluffs on one side of PCH and a vast century-old oil field on the other.
Car horns began to honk, as the U-Haul approached PCH and Goldenwest, where Huntington Beach police operated a roadblock, either rerouting traffic inland or controlling vehicles heading toward downtown.
“There’s a protest,” said Karen Joplin, displaying her smart phone.  “Live FOX coverage.”
“We will be exposed to COVID!” gasped December, wrapping her arm around Riley, who held aim of his camera to capture a police officer stopping the U-Haul.
Lori donned a mask and opened the window a few inches.
“A lot of people in there,” said the officer.  “Whose boy is that?”
“This is my son!” shot back December, protecting Riley tightly from prowling owls.
Lori kept her hands on the wheel.
After a bit more looking, the officer waved the U-Haul through the roadblock.
As Lori raised the window, Riley shot video of the officer, talking into a shoulder phone.  “U-Haul… four plus one.”  Riley captured smirking protesters gathered near the roadblock, with signs that read, “Stop the Lockdown,” “Covid-19(84),” and “Brother Can You Spare a Hair-Cut?”
Lori lurched forward.
“Why aren’t you shooting with your camera, too?” asked Riley.
“When people are mad, it’s better to be discrete,” replied Bobby.
“The Pier is straight ahead,” said the woman with wild hair, scanning her phone.
“Like I don’t know PCH,” growled Lori Lewis, as the U-Haul got studied by protesters.
“Maybe people are protesting with guns, like in Michigan!” perked Riley Beach, aiming the camera to the group of unmasked white middle-aged protesters waving to honking cars, and lofting signs that read, “Don’t Cancel My Golf Season,” and “Fauci Lied, Main Street Died,” and “#FakeCrisis.”  Another held a surfboard, with “Let Me Surf Again” painted across it.
“Don’t talk about guns,” said December, snatching Sgt. Rock from her son’s lap, and stuffing it behind her husband’s back.  “And stop giving him these.”
“Those are my Dad’s comics,” the soldier fired back.
“And do not say ‘Gun’ to a stranger,” calmly instructed Karen, to both Bobby and the child.
“Pedophiles!” yelled a protester holding a sign that called for the re-election of the President.
“Wish I was still Active-Duty,” mumbled the recipient of a Presidential Unit Citation for saving lives in Afghanistan during a rocket attack against Bagram Airbase.
*     *     *
Driving the southbound slog, Lori slowed the U-Haul, as two police officers waved the vehicle to the right side of Pacific Coast Highway, one block from Main Street.
“Anti-COVID tourism,” said Karen, as police signaled for Lori to lower her window.
After putting on her mask, Lori lowered the window a few inches.
“Yeh, four-plus-one,” said the officer, into a shoulder phone, as Lori offered her license.  “All the way, please.”  Lori lowered the window fully, as a second officer tapped on the other side.  “And the passenger’s side, please.”
Each officer rapidly examined the five, as hundreds of tanned smiling maskless white people strolled along PCH or clustered outside Jack’s Surf Shop or crossed the police-controlled Main Street intersection to join a massive protest at the base of the HB Pier.
Only the relaxed law enforcement officers controlling traffic wore masks.
“My son likes taking videos,” nervously said December, as Riley aimed the small camera to the light-skinned mass of humanity at the Pier.
“Where’s the father?” asked the officer.
“Daddy’s right here,” said Riley, aiming the camera to show Lori nodding to the officer.
“You girls moving in?” asked the officer holding Lori’s license.
“Driving to Beach Blvd to catch the 405,” replied Lori.
“And we’re helping them move,” quickly added Karen.
“Gotta make sure no one’s snatching kids,” said the officer.  “And is everything okay, son?”
Riley continued looking into the camera, until turning to his mother.  “Are they nice?”
The officers looked to one another.
“Oh, everything is fine,” opined Karen, exercising the privilege of issuing judgment.
Lori bristled at the hippy’s comment, as Riley looked up to his mother.
“We are just protecting the public’s Constitutional 1st Amendment rights,” said the officer, returning Lori’s license.  “Please remain in place.”
Lori took her license and raised the windows, as the masked officers walked away.
At the base of the HB Pier, the mass of white protestors waved or wore the American Flag, and stood in front of a large professionally-printed banner urging the reelection of the President, alongside a teen in a bikini and grad cap who held a sign that read, “Stop Ruining My Senior Year.”
“Lars would be proud,” said Bobby, as a middle-aged white guy pushed a wheelchair that appeared to carry a Real Doll decked in Flag-style attire and a poster that declared, “Give Me Bianca or Give Me Death!”
“Maybe we can be outside, like them?” said Riley, holding the camera close to his eyes.
“Absolutely not!” shot back December Carrera, to her athlete-and-soldier husband, whom she had let name the child, after Lori’s great-great-grandfather – Riley Beach, who voted Lincoln in 1860 and had mustered with the Illinois 113th Volunteer Infantry, as part of a family that had served in every war since losing 11 to the King’s redcoats during the Revolution.
“The order is to remain in place,” said Lori, pressing a childproof button to lock both doors.
“And it’s so hot outside,” said Bobby, exaggeratingly wiping his brow.  “Phew, nice A/C.”
Karen Joplin looked at the visor mirror, adjusted her floral mask, and tapped on Bobby.
Bobby deferred to Riley, who aimed the small camera.
“This is Karen Joplin and guess who’s doing their own Maine thing, at Surf City USA?” she said, motioning to tanned smiling white protesters celebrating freedom at the HB Pier.
“Finally,” said Lori, shifting into drive, as the HBPD ordered the U-Hail to move.
*     *     *
Lori put on her face mask, as the U-Haul reached the Beach Blvd drive-thru window.
The cashier confirmed the order, returned the Maine Tourism Board VISA card and handed four bags and two drink trays.
“Shopping bag?’ playfully asked Bobby, before switching to a silly female-sounding voice.  “No, just browsing.”
December and Riley laughed, as Lori drove the U-Haul to a shaded parking space overlooking California Hwy 39.
“No land animals,” repeated Riley.
“Fish and chips, yum,” said December, handing food to her son.
“Sleeping bag?” asked Bobby, quickly delivering the punch line.  “No, just resting.”
The three family members laughed at the second joke, and then together laughed again about Lori having laughed at all.
“Thank you for being fun,” smiled December, handing a sandwich to Bobby McGee.
“My job is to make people smile,” said Bobby.
“Those were very insulting about women,” shot back Karen.
“Those are just my ‘bag jokes,’” replied Bobby.  “Ha… funny.”
“They’re not funny to me!” said a hippy in her 50s exercising her privilege to be offended.
For several minutes, everyone silently chomped and sipped and stared out the window.
Cars passing the fast food place honked to a trio of white protesters on the sidewalk, each holding a sign, two of which read, “A pandemic does not cancel our Constitutional rights,” and “Liberate Huntington Beach.”  The third protester wore full-body protective clothing, a mask and sunglasses for almost 100% coverage, and displayed a banner that read, “COVID-19 is a lie.”
“Trash bag?” added the comedian.  “No, I’m voting for the President.”
*     *     *
The U-Haul slowly approached the southbound onramp to the 405 Fwy, as police ordered drivers to slowly obey a line of cones that protected the white protesters near the onramp.
“Can I be the cameraman again?” asked Riley.
“If your Mom sez, ‘Yes,’” said Bobby.
“I’m very proud of you, Little One,” calmly said December.
Riley Beach smiled and shot video of a professionally-printed sign declaring support of the President’s reelection and hand-scrawled posters calling for freedom from tyranny.
“Surf City USA is America’s epicenter of a war against tyranny,” said Karen, motioning to signs that read, “Liberty & Freedom before Safety & Security,” and “Quarantine is 4 the Sick,” and “Honk if you Question Corona Virus,” and “Will Not Comply.”  The only protestor wearing a mask displayed the words “COVID’s Lie$” across his hidden lips.  Karen looked directly into the camera.  “As Maine goes, so goes Surf City.”
December bristled when a protester ran toward the U-Haul and waved a QAnon symbol, screaming, “Pedophiles!”
“It’s hard to breath in this thing,” said Karen, showing no worry of the screaming protester, as she took off her mask.
Lori Lewis lurched onto the southbound onramp.
*     *     *
“Where have all the tourists gone?” sang Karen Joplin, on film, motioning to the vast-but-empty parking lot of Disneyland, as Lori Lewis drove north on the 5 Fwy.  “Long time passing.”
As the U-Hail passed the Happiest Place on Earth™, Bobby McGee held the large camera, aiming over the hood to show the empty theme park, but careful to not show the unhappy driver.
The eight-year-old looked out the window.
“Won’t you miss the Magic Kingdom™?” asked Karen.
Riley Beach stayed silent, turning to his mother.
“It’s okay, Little One,” said December, to her son.
“We don’t go there,” said Riley Lewis Carrera Beach, slowly.  “Daddy doesn’t want us to.”
“Oh my,” gasped the interviewer, but signaling for Bobby to not stop shooting.
Lori kept looking ahead, to a thin line of traffic on the typically jammed Interstate 5.
*     *     *
December Carrera turned on the radio in the U-Haul, picking up an Inland Empire station.
Lori silently and tenderly touched her wife’s hand, as Frank Sinatra sang, “Fly With Me.”
December smiled to Lori and also stroked her son’s hair.
The radio station cut to the news.
“Dozens of speakers converged on the County Administrative Center in Riverside Tuesday to demand the Board of Supervisors end health orders and liberate businesses from coronavirus-related restrictions,” said the radio.
“Sounds like an honorable demand,” said Lori, assessing the news.
“And put everyone at risk of death?” fired back December.
“Are married people supposed to like each other?” asked Riley, to no one.
Lori stopped talking, and focused on the San Bernardino connection to Interstate 15.
“Mommies and daddies don’t have to like each other all of the time, but this family means everything to us,” cooed December, again stroking her husband’s hand and hugged her comic-book-reading son.
“There’s no book of rules on how to be married,” added Lori, tapping on Sgt. Rock.
Karen turned up the radio.
“This is medical tyranny,” said a business owner addressing the government meeting.  “You sit up there in your Ivory Tower and make decisions, but who’s going to pay your salary if there’s no tax base because places like mine are going out of business?”
*     *     *
Lori Lewis – who hadn’t stopped since entering the 405 freeway in Huntington Beach – exited Interstate 40, at Barstow Road.
Everyone remained silent, as Lori approached gas stations and fast food joints.
“Can I please get the vegan burger?” said Riley, pointing to Subway.
“It’s dangerous to go inside right now,” said December, wagging her face mask.
“Life can be dangerous,” added the cameraman, as an ally would be.
“You paint a dark picture for a comedian,” growled Karen, as the axis would do.
“Why else would I tell jokes?” said Bobby, smiling.  “Otherwise, no one’s laughing.”
Chapter 6 – Arnold’s Fantastic Face Mask
“I know that you are in there,” shouted Long Beach Mayor Tony Kim, as he begged Councilman Larry Van der Bix to unlock his personal office door.
Inside, Larry stood at a full-length winder, while Jeanine Harper lowered the volume on the large-screen TV, with coverage of May’s surge in death from COVID-19.
“What do you mean, ‘Just call Lori and December?’” said the Chief of Staff.
“The show can be shot at December’s new house in Maine, so That Jon Guy will live in another state,” said Larry, staring out the window, to cargo ships floating across the ocean, to America’s busiest port complex.  “The Constitution requires it.”
The Mayor continued pounding.
“Have you actually gone insane?” begged Jeanine.
“Mainers shows independence,” said Larry.  “They do their own thing.”
“People already called you crazy, but now there’s an actual push to recall you!” said Jeanine.  “It might not mean anything to you, but the staff will be fired if you get booted out… for some… reality… or fake… TV show… in Maine.”
“It’s not like I would be moving to Maine,” said Larry, as his desk phone buzzed.  “I’d still be registered in the Second District… and everyone does Zoom meetings now.”
“So you’re not only crazy, but insane enough to fly during COVID, with deaths surging and no vaccine,” said Jeanine, picking up the desk phone after the fifth buzz.  “Who is it, Maryann?”  The Chief of Staff scowled before handing over the desk phone.  “The Maine Tourism Board on line two.”
“Arnold told me he’d call her,” said Larry, in what he judged as an important call.  “He offered a contract?  Did you talk with Lori and December?  Oh.”  Larry hung up, smiling after successfully exercising the privilege of deciding when to tell others that he was making big decisions on their behalf.
The Mayor kept pounding.
“Answer the door,” said the dork.
“I’m picking up my kid, so I’ll see you at tonight’s Council meeting,” said Jeanine, unlocking the personal office door.  “Be ready to discuss Blinker Day.”
As Jeanine opened the door, Mayor Tony Kim and his own Chief of Staff tumbled into the private office.
*     *     *
“Will the Clerk read the next item,” said Mayor Tony Kim, looking to his agenda, and not seeing California’s former Governor – exercising the ultimate privilege, of being a Hollywood superstar and two-time statewide political winner – enter the huge open tent now being used for the open-air Council meetings due COVID-19.
City Council Members, staffers and the tiny audience scattered across the socially-distanced chairs watched the red-carpet entry of Arnold Spankergrüber, as the weightlifter-turned-movie-star-turned-politician performed for TV crews that he had tipped about his attendance, blowing kisses and cigar smoke from his fantastic face mask.
“Oh no!” groaned Councilman Larry Van der Bix, as the Mayor quickly turned to the dork, who had spent most of his first year in office riding a horse across America in a personal mission to divert political attacks away from his best friend, Lori Lewis, rather than meet with his constituents or attend community events in Long Beach.
“I’m back!” announced Arnold Spankergrüber, flirtatiously working the crowd, waving and posing for socially-distanced selfies, until he reached the speaker’s platform, where he took off his fantastic mask.
Every elected official on the dais stared disdainfully at Larry.
The Mayor tapped his gavel, quieting the audience. “Yes, I see the Governor… Mr. Former Governor… is here for… an unplanned visit… so, Sir, yes, please go ahead.”
“It is only eight o’clock, but COVID reminds us, ‘It gets late early out there,’” said the athlete, quoting another athlete, while aiming his words to the FOX camera.
No one at the dais smiled over whether Yogi Berra’s teaching directly applied to a partisan battle over face masks.
“Long Beach is so fantastic,” started the former Governor.
Sitting at the dais, Councilman Larry Van der Bix moved his Stetson hat away from his laptop to check the time.
“Fantastic new apartments and fantastic restaurants and fantastic jobs are fantastic reasons why Long Beach is so fantastic, even in a very-not fantastic COVID,” said Arnold Spankergrüber.
Larry pulled several lottery tickets from his wallet.
“And how fantastic is Mr. Cambodian Mayor Man,” said Arnold, to the nation’s first elected Cambodian-American to lead a city.  “It is very fantastic, since more Cambodians live in Long Beach than anywhere but Cambodia….  Fantastic!”
Tony Kim pressed his hands together and politely nodded to the Governor.
One of the city’s three African-American members of Council – whose 6th District held the largest Cambodian population of any Council district in America – pressed his own hands and bowed to Tony Kim.
Larry surfed his personal phone for lottery numbers, comparing 34 52 58 59 62 shown on the lottery homepage with tickets from his wallet, crumpling each.
“I am here to thank Lucky Lottery Larry,” said Arnold, “for tonight’s debate on his ‘Blinker Day’ that will make this fantastic city the first in America with a fantastic ordinance to tell everyone how fantastic it is to use their blinkers.”
Larry pulled the Mega Millions gift ticket tucked into the brim of his Stetson hat, with his name scrawled on the ticket in red ink.
“Larry’s ‘Blinker Day’ lets any cop stop any driver who does not use turn signals, to tell them, ‘Every car has one… So use it!’” said Arnold Spankergrüber, quoting a line Larry gave in every campaign speech and each time his idea got rejected by Council.  “Ha!  Funny!  Fantastic!”
“Again!” gasped Larry, comparing his 04 Mega number with the results.
“Okay, ‘Fantastic,’” purred Arnold.  “I love saying, ‘Fantastic!’”
“I won again!” exclaimed Larry, waving the gift ticket.  “Again!  I won it all!”
The audience erupted.  Some hooted, “Ride ’em, Cowboy!”  Others chanted, “Lar-RY!”
“Even during the brutality of chaos, the privilege of luck can still change lives,” observed Mayor Kim, whose family couldn’t afford lottery tickets when they arrived in Long Beach, when Ronald Reagan was president, and when tens of thousands had fled the genocide that slew a million on the Killing Fields.
“The gift I gave you?” gasped the former Governor.
“You wrote my name,” said Larry, waving the May 26th 2020 ticket. 
“It was my pen!”
Chapter 7 – Breakfast in Winona 
“Can’t we stop?” begged Riley Beach, as his father drove a silent slog across Interstate 40, on a pitch black night, with no cars casting light upon the road crossing the California desert.
“Talk to your mother,” said Lori Lewis, finally speaking.
“Hunny, we need to stop,” said December, to her unbending husband.
Karen whispered to Bobby. 
“We haven’t even done 400 miles,” said Lori, staring ahead.
“The Tourism Board will cover the motel,” said Karen, pointing to the Kingman exit.
Lori kept driving.
*     *     *
“Please, Daddy,” whimpered Riley, as the U-Hail passed Flagstaff Arizona.
“Your wife’s essay is The Big Story to promote our state,” said Karen, bargaining for sleep.  “The Tourism Board is happy to cover gas, food, and lodging.”
“Please, Daddy,” repeated Riley.
“Stop begging!” demanded the athlete-and-soldier who had played no role a decade ago in impregnating her wife or the recent choice to forever leave Long Beach.
“You’re being terrible,” growled December, to her husband.
“Don’t forget Winona,” said Bobby McGee, pointed to the upcoming exit.
*     *     *
Lori parked in an empty Motel 6 lot, in Winona Arizona, donned her mask, climbed out, and walked to a locked lobby door.  After pounding, someone appeared behind the lobby counter.  Rather than opening the door, the clerk motioned to the phone number shown on the window.
“Yes, we do have two disinfected rooms,” said the clerk, on the phone behind the counter, looking directly to Lori, who stood outside the locked lobby door.
“Obviously,” said Lori, waving to the empty parking lot.  “There’s no one here.”
“Text your VISA number and I’ll open two rooms,” replied the clerk.
Lori returned to the U-Haul, and knocked on the passenger’s window.  “Text your VISA,” said Lori, to the public relations duo from Maine.
*     *     *
“Nice to see travelers again,” said the motel clerk, as the duo from Maine each rolled a suitcase towards one of the opened doors.  “You’re the first in weeks.”
“He works for me,” assured the woman with wild hair, to the clerk who hadn’t asked.
“And this is our son,” added December.
“Sure, whatever,” shrugged the clerk, as the Maine duo took one room and two women with a kid took the other.
“Well, good night,” said December, carrying an overnight bag.
Riley smiled and waved to the duo from Maine, one of whom waved back.
*     *     *
Lori stood outside the two motel rooms, looking to the midnight moon and waited for her call to connect.
“If this is Arnold Spankergrüber, stop calling me!” weakly muttered Larry, finally home after a long meeting that seemed more like a reality TV show.
“I can’t win this battle,” said the decorated soldier and Olympian, looking into her window, to see December and Riley asleep.
“For the love of Grace, you don’t have to win,” said the dork.  “Just find what matters.”
Lori peered into the neighboring window, to see the Maine duo making out on first base.  “Easier said than done.”
*     *     *
“We’re gonna have breakfast soon,” said December, as she and Riley studied math together at the table inside their Motel 6 room.
Lori finished a third set of 36 pushups, as her phone buzzed.  “It’s Larry,” she said, quickly walking to the door.
“Your mask,” said December, lewdly eying her husband’s chest.
“There’s no one else but the Dynamic Duo,” moaned Lori, before surrendering to a mask.
“How’s Day Two starting?” asked Larry.
“No pool, no ocean,” said Lori, as the duo from Maine stepped out of their motel room.
“At least you don’t start with FOX making fun of you,” moaned the dork.
Lori covered the phone, as the duo waved.
“We’re chugging over to Denny’s,” said the wild haired woman.
“Chew-chew,” playfully tooted Bobby McGee, mimicking a misspelled train.
“Arnold Spankergrüber and FOX would be a vacation,” grumbled Lori.
*     *     *
December sat on her husband’s feet and dried her coal-black hair, as Lori did sit-ups.
“Breakfast!” said Karen Joplin, tapping on the window, as her cameraman lifted large Denny’s bags outside the motel room.  “Courtesy of the Maine Tourism Board.”
The married couple didn’t look up.
Riley Beach rushed to open the door.
“Plastic bag?” asked Bobby, while washing his hands after setting three bags onto the table.  Delivering with a female voice, he tossed the punch line.  “I pay cash.”
The family laughed.
“To-go bag?” added Bobby, finishing the hand washing.  “Where do you suggest?”
Lori and December laughed, and then all three laughed together, when Riley seemed unsure of whether to laugh at the joke.
“That was inappropriate,” opined Karen, filling her coffee with sugar.
“Make ’em laugh, make ’em laugh, make ’em laugh,” sang the comedian.
*     *     *
“Pardon if it’s a little personal, but why not visit Disneyland?” asked Karen, as she poured half of the packets of syrup onto her own pancakes.
“You have to ask my Dad,” said Riley, poking his full plate.
“Disney’s a machine,” said Lori Lewis, pushing her fork through scrambled eggs.
December hugged Riley and quietly ate.
Chapter 8 – The Wedding Nightmare
“Thank you for agreeing to this video,” said Karen, seated inside the still parked U-Haul, for a shot taken from outside, with Bobby shooting the hippy, Lori and December and Riley, awaiting the start of Day Two’s drive.
Bobby did a 360-degree scan of the great southwest, with video that could also depict how potential prey look with fear to spot owls, a bird portrayed as smart, but who more accurately can be seen as ferocious predators.  Bobby turned the camera to the U-Haul.
“Here we are on America’s famous Route 66, along with Maine’s newest home owners,” said the maskless interviewer, warmly motioning to the two women and the eight-year-old boy.  “Maine’s population is growing, but it’s not because we’re having lots of kids.”
“Love and devotion starts by caring about your family,” said December, hugging her son.  “Winning the Harbor House Inn means that Riley gets the privilege of his own future, forever.”
“It’s not like I did anything,” grumbled the athlete-and-soldier.
Riley whimpered.
“You’re being terrible!” shot back the wife.  “It’s like we never left Washington!”
Bobby McGee kept the camera focused on the scene.
As her wife answered questions for the hippy, Lori’s eyes glazed.  Instead of the future she didn’t want, the soldier replayed the nightmare of a wedding day she wished hadn’t happened.
*     *     *
“I wanted this to be our first dinner as officially married newlyweds,” said the young December, swishing her modest-but-elegant gown, as the couple was led by the maître de to a private table in the spectacular Hay-Adam hotel’s ornate Lafayette restaurant.
Lori – in an LT’s dress uniform – settled into her chair and looked at her beautiful wife, seated at a window that showed snow falling upon the Washington Monument.
A wine steward approached, bearing a tray with two glasses of a dark red French wine.  “May we offer you a complimentary honeymoon glass of Chateauneuf du Pape, considered by many as the finest wine in the world?”
“I don’t do alcohol,” said Lori.
“Uh… it’s not the right time,” said December.
The wine steward walked off, as Lori opened the menu.
“So…,” said December, awkwardly gazing at her husband.  “Maybe now is the right time.”
“I don’t drink,” said the newly-married soldier, reaching to touch her wife’s hand.
“I can’t drink right now, either,” said the stunning bombshell in her mid-20s.
“It’s not can’t,” said Lori.  “I don’t drink.”
“It’s, um… something else,” said December, gripping Lori’s hand.
Lori waited.
“Kind’a big,” added December.
Lori waited.
“I’m pregnant,” said the diva with coal-black hair.
Lori’s smile ended and her hand went limp in December’s clutching fingers.
“I know,” said December, laughing nervously.  “It’s kind’a a big surprise.”
“Dee, how can we have a baby?” said Lori, pulling her hand back.  “We’re girls.”
“I know,” said December, in a small voice, and no longer laughing.
“We’re not doing test tubes or a baster, so, the only way…,” said the soldier.
“I know,” repeated the small voice.
“Dee, we got married.”
“And I’ve been totally faithful since sailing half way around the world in Larry’s yacht to surprise you at the USO show in Afghanistan,” said December.  “And it’s definitely not Larry.”
“You didn’t waste any time,” said Lori, as she stood a bit to look toward December’s torso.  “You’re not even showing.”
“I’m not a big girl,” said December, quietly, “but you haven’t seemed to notice me much since we moved in together a few months ago.”
“What about your period?”
“It never comes on time,” said December, “so three months is almost normal.”
“How do you even know?”
“You were off-base staffing the General when I got taken to the emergency room,” said the young bride.  “They told me before I left the hospital.”
“They told you,” said Lori.  “Nobody told me.”
“They couldn’t,” said December.  “Florida doesn’t recognize….”
“You didn’t tell me,” said Lori.
Tears rolled down December’s cheeks.  “That’s why we’re having this great getaway….”
The waitress approached the table.
“We go to a fancy hotel after a surprise wedding, so you can tell me you fucked some guy, and I’ve get to raise the kid?”
“It was a long boat ride,” said December, crying.  “But this will be only our baby.”
“I love you, Dee, but obviously I didn’t father that baby,” said Lori, sternly.
“I’m… um… serving you… tonight,” said the waitress, awkwardly.
The LT in her dress uniform looked up to the waitress.  “We are not even close to ordering.”
*     *     *
“Is there anything you’d like the people of Maine to know about Riley’s special story?” asked Karen Joplin, extending a microphone to December, as Lori revved the engine of the U-Haul.  “Riley can help make America’s oldest population smile again.”
“No comment,” growled Lori, her hands tightly gripping the U-Haul’s steering wheel, “except stop twisting MAGA.”
“Everybody wants to make dreams come true,” said December, miffed at her husband.  “Riley is now privileged to choose the life he wants.”
“No comment,” repeated the soldier.
“Show Carl’s key,” said December, encouraging Riley to dangle the key Larry had given.
*     *     *
Lori held the Lafayette menu and whispered.  “Do you even know whose kid it is?”
“Of course I know!” said December.  “Do you think that I’m just some cheap slut?”
The banter in the ornate Lafayette restaurant quieted.
December looked around the most elegant hotel restaurant in the District of Columbia, to see ultimately privileged faces – men with fat necks and women with expensive jewelry – staring at the two beautiful women.   “I mean, I think I do.”
The smiling waitress again approached the table.
“You think you know?” asked Lori.
“Please keep your voice down,” whispered December.
The waitress held her notepad, but didn’t look ready to write.
“You’re not sure who got you pregnant?” said Lori, not complying with her wife’s request.
The newlyweds each looked up to see the nervous waitress.
“Perhaps you need a little more time,” said the waitress.
“Just a little,” said December politely, quickly looking at the menu.
“We’ll know soon, won’t we?” said Lori.  “Maybe I should get complimentary wine.” 
*     *     *
“Fighting on camera feels like a fucking reality show,” grumbled Lori, driving the U-Haul away from Motel 6.
“Watch your language!” ordered December, holding her son’s head close to her torso.
The Dynamic Duo looked to one another, but Karen exercised the privilege of making no mention about contract talks with Arnold Spankergrüber and Tom Pranks, for the couple to take starring roles in a show with Jon Stuart.
“Then maybe don’t fight anymore,” said Riley, his eyes downward.
“We love each other, Little One,” said December.
“They’re doing their Maine thing,” said the wild haired woman.
“Right,” said Lori, staring at a duo she had watched making out the night before.
*     *     *
“If you want to throw in the towel because I had sex before arriving in Afghanistan, okay, tell me!” growled the pregnant newlywed, pushing a button for the elevator, as they stood next to the Lafayette restaurant.  “But you can’t have a bad attitude about our child.”
When the couple entered a crowded elevator, both women stayed quiet.
After other guests exited, December gently pulled Lori’s hand, placing it on a tiny bump.  “This is our baby… our baby….  I’m carrying this baby in my body.  You’re going to be with me when our baby is born, because we’re gonna be the parents.  No one else!  Just us!
Lori, now slightly drunk, said nothing, but kept her hand on December’s belly.
“Please love our baby.”  December gently kissed Lori’s broad shoulder.  “I need to know that you’ll love our baby….”
Lori looked into the waving ocean of her wife’s coal-black hair.  “Dee, I don’t know.”
“Kiss our baby,” said December, whispering onto her husband’s neck.
“What?” said Lori.
“Go on,” said December, stepping back to offer her torso.  “Show our baby some love.  Kiss our baby.”
“It’s not my baby,” said the tipsy soldier.
“I know you’re not a boy and you didn’t father this child,” said December, tears welling.  “But this can only be our baby, now.”  December wiped away tears.  “You’ll teach our Little One to ride a bike and play sports and I’m gonna show how to dance and cook lasagna.”  December stroked Lori’s shoulder.  “Please, Hunny… I need to know that you’ll love our baby.”
The LT in her dress uniform didn’t move.
“Please…,” begged December, as the elevator approached their floor.  “Please.”
The elevator door opened, as Lori, tipsy, kneeling, delicately kissed her wife’s belly.
December’s fingers dug into her husband’s blonde hair, pulling Lori closer.  “More….”
*     *     *
“The people of Maine want more young couples with happy kids,” said Karen Joplin, looking to a pair of beautiful women privileged to enjoy the ultimate luxuries together.
“Maybe we can all do our Maine thing,” said the eight-year-old, to his parents.
Lori Lewis looked at Riley Beach, neither smiling nor scowling.
Chapter 9 – COVID Gets It Kicks On Route 66
“May I?” said Bobby McGee, his finger on the radio, as the U-Haul passed Gallup NM.    Lori Lewis nodded, while her wife surfed social media and the eight-year-old again read Sgt. Rock.  Bobby surfed the radio, and gazed at the rising sandstone cliffs of Red Rock Park.
“The Navajo Nation is suffering an outbreak of COVID-19, but almost no one can help,” said a voice over the radio.
“Do any stations play music anymore,” said Lori, while a doctor from a small hospital talked of cots lined row upon row in the few rooms available for 22 patients who had tested positive the night before.
December looked away from her web surfing to see her son looking out, as a New Mexico highway patrol vehicle slowly paralleling the U-Haul.
“Are police nice?” asked the eight-year old.
“Your dad always follows the rules,” said December.
The radio story continued coverage about Rehoboth McKinley Christian Hospital – the only acute care facility within 110 miles of Gallup – as the highway patrol threw on flashing lights.
“I’ll do the talking,” said the wild haired woman, looking with privilege thru her sunglasses as Lori pulled to the side.  “We are driving with an Olympian.”
Lori scowled, but had no time to argue, as two deputies walked on each side of the U-Haul.
*     *     *
“So you’re famous somehow?” said one deputy, examining Lori’s valid California license, while the other rested his hand on his sidearm.
“She won four Silver and a Bronze,” proudly declared the wild haired woman.
“Earned,” stuttered Lori.  “The 2012 London Olympics.”
“We are driving across the country,” said December, hugging her son.  “Going to Maine.”
“The boy is your family?” asked the deputy.
“Oh,” injected Karen Joplin, to rapidly correct an unspoken assumption, “he’s my driver.”
“I think he meant the child,” said Bobby.
“I don’t know how to drive,” Riley answered.
“We’re okay, Little One,” said December, before looking as a stern mother would to a deputy holding her husband’s license.  “Our son starts school next week in Maine.”
After a pause, the deputy returned Lori’s license.  “Enjoy New Mexico.”
*     *     *
“You always ask for our stories,” said December, turning off the radio.  “Tell us yours.”
“Like your Maine thing,” quickly added Riley, lowering the DC Comics.
Karen elbowed Bobby, half her age, to exercise a privilege of deciding who must begin.  “Why don’t you start?”
“I busted my tail on stage for ten years and I’m still the opening act,” said the cameraman.
“So you perform?” asked December.
“My Dad wanted me to do his Maine thing, to join the Navy or pull concrete in Portland,” said Bobby, “but I left the maple trees to do stand up, in New York City.”
“Isn’t Portland in Oregon?” said December, calling up Google maps.
“Portland Maine is the most important town in the nation for making concrete,” said Karen.  “Has been for centuries.”
“Everyone got sacked when clubs closed last month,” said the out-of-work comedian.
“You can join the Army, like my dad,” said Riley, looking for his father’s reaction.
“No, I’ll catch the Ethan Allen when the clubs reopen,” said Bobby McGee.
“I’m glad he was available for this gig,” added Karen.
“But you’re funny,” said December, to the unemployed comedian.  “You’ll do great.”
“Okay, next,” said Riley.
“Well, I didn’t get married or have a kid,” said Karen, “so after retiring from a job that meant nothing, I took PR gigs to be free.”
“Oh,” said December, looking at the hippy.  “Guess you had nothing left to lose.”
“Let’s see, a recent story,” said Karen, sifting through her own library.  “I did look around for a bear that I got told lives around the Harbor House Inn, but I couldn’t find it.”
“What?” asked Riley.
“People told me there’s a bear living in the forest,” said Karen.
Bobby McGee humorously mimicking a bear.
“A bear?” repeated Riley, laughing when Bobby performed as a grizzly.
“Bears live by our house?” shot back December.
“For some, the bear is easy to see,” roared the comedian, harkening a morning in America.  “Others don’t see it at all.”
“The town is tiny and is surrounded by a forest and pond,” said Karen, exercising the privilege of being irritated at the comedian.
“I’ve got a rifle and a personal sidearm,” stated Lori.
“Don’t shoot a bear for doing their Maine thing, Daddy!” gasped Riley, “but maybe you can show me how to shoot guns.”
“Maybe it’s time to hear another joke,” said December, making a handoff to the comedian, who didn’t skip a beat.
“Empty bag?” asked Bobby.  “No, I already went.”
Everyone except Karen laughed, who blasted the comedian for offending women.
“Thicken up your skin,” said Lori.  “Soldiers hear way more offensive jokes.”
“I’ll change gears,” said Karen, digging her archive for what she determines as important.  “I did almost get married once, to my own Bear.”
“Was he a big bear or a little bear?” asked the eight-year-old.
“As big as a bear could be,” smiled Karen.  “He was a giant.”
“A good bear story,” said December.
“Sounds scary to me,” said Lori, glancing at the hippy she had watched exercising the privilege of controlling the purse to conveniently cash in with kisses at Motel 6 the night before.
“My Bear wanted to leave high school early to enlist, so we cut a deal to graduate together, and get married.”  The hippy looked at Lori, who got Sergeant First Class as a perk from the Army for representing America in London, before finally retiring as a Captain.  “We both graduated, and Bear enlisted, but I couldn’t commit to marriage of the Army.”
“Couldn’t take Army haircuts, huh?” said Lori.
“Expensive salons and professional suits were tough enough for someone who just wanted to be another Janis Joplin,” said Karen, flashing peace signs.  “But I can’t even sing.”
“Did you want kids?” politely asked December.  “I didn’t think about it until I got married and since then family has meant everything to me.”
“Not every story needs to be told,” said Lori, to her wife.
“I didn’t want military brats,” said Karen.
“Am I a military brat?” asked the eight-year-old.
“Your Daddy is a decorated veteran,” said December, “and you are a wonderful son.”
“Is that why Daddy treats me like a brat?” added Riley Lewis Carrera Beach.
“Maybe another story,” said December, quickly.
“So how’s the public relations business?” said Lori, looking at the woman in her 50s sitting next to the incredibly cute guy half her age.
“PR and comedy are about making people smile,” said Bobby.  “It’s all about confidence.”
“My best friend hates when people smile,” said Lori, “cuz everyone’s laughing at him.”
“At least he gets paid to make people smile,” said Karen, who exercised the privilege of not saying a word about a tentative agreement that her best friend had cut with Arnold Spankergrüber that could make the VISA card from the Tourism Board look like coins in a wishing well.
Chapter 10 – Three Caballeros Dine at the 565 Club
Maskless thick-necked Fat Cats at the most expensive restaurant in Long Beach stood to applaud the arrival of Hollywood stars – Tom Pranks and Jon Stuart – being led to a private table, where the former Governor sat with the Mayor of Long Beach, the dork who had won the lottery, and his chief deputy, who was taking notes on a legal pad.
“Why are we in a crowded patio during a pandemic?” asked Larry Van der Bix, his face mask bouncing.
“You must’ve found it hard to say ‘no’ to a Governor demanded to buy us lunch,” said Chief of Staff Jeanine Harper, to her rich boss.
“My Happy Amigos!” swooned Arnold Spankergrüber, taking his enormous cigar from his fantastic face mask, as the pair crossed the room.
A maître de in an impeccably starched-white uniform escorted That Jon Guy and Tom Producer Man across the massive patio so extensively tented that it essentially made outdoor dining little more than a variant of the indoor dining by guests at The 565 Club.  “The menu is more fantastic than last night’s ‘Blinker Day’ vote.”
“It was only on First Reading,” corrected the Mayor.  “We continue in June.”
“Here’s another little gift,” meekly hissed Tom Pranks, tossing a box of chocolate onto the table, smiling with irritation to a dork who had won $313 million on his dime.  “My newest gift costs a little more than my fucking Two Dollar Bill.”
“Candy!” gleamed Arnold Spankergrüber, reaching for the box.  “Fantastic!”
Jon Stuart – a bearded man with salt-and-pepper hair and wearing jeans and a NYFD tee-shirt – smiled to Larry and extended his hand, but playfully yanked it back.  “Oops, COVID!”
“Gentlemen,” said the maître de, signaling to his own masked staff to offer chairs, as the Hollywood stars waited to take their seats.
Each comedian casually accepted their chair and immediately studied the menu.
“Oh!” said a waiter, after sliding a chair for the man who brought a box of candy.  “It’s Forest Blimp!”
Mayor Tony Kim, Larry and Jeanine watched Arnold and Jon chuckle.
“Wow!” said the waiter, to a colleague in starched whites, as they walked off.  “Forest Blimp….”
“Gump,” said the meek actor, angrily removing his face mask.
Arnold and That Jon Guy each quickly returned to the menu, as their fellow comedian looked for someone to whom to vent anger, before angrily grabbing the menu.
“My Happy Chappies will be so snappy over the fantastic food!” cooed Arnold, demanding the politicians pick up the menu.  “Enjoy this very fantastic privilege… to eat, drink, and get rich… on me!”
“The clown is already fucking richer than all of us,” shot back Tom.
Mayor Tony Kim turned to Councilman Larry Van der Bix, as Chief of Staff Jeanine Harper meticulously took notes onto her legal pad.
*     *     *
“Show the fucking winner the fucking picture of me buying the fucking ticket with my fucking Two Dollar Bill, Jon,” demanded Tom, scowling as Arnold swung his fork.
“Ah!” screamed the dork, as Arnold’s calamari smacked his now-exposed cheek.
Jeanine Harper passed a napkin while continued to write notes.
The bearded, long-haired salt-and-pepper blond lifted his smart phone to show an image of the Three Caballeros, posing at the cash register of a 7-Eleven, where they had bought Larry’s gift lottery ticket.
In the image, Tom demonstrably held paper money depicting a slave owner.  Arnold held a large red pen.  Jon bumped elbows with an Indian who owned the store.  Behind them, a screen showed $313 million as the prize for the May 26th contest.
“Who coughed up the fucking Two Dollar Bill?” spat Tom.
“And who brought the pen!” spat back Arnold.
“Larry, Larry, Larry,” said Jon, pocketing his phone and disregarding the scuffle.  “We can make a comedy that changes how people think about politics.”
“We’ll shoot outside, in the Hollywood Hills, with zero competition,” said Arnold.  “Fun stuff, like ride a little horsy, run for president a little, do that Maine thing a little.”
“Did Lori and December agree?” asked Larry.
Arnold smiled professionally, with neither a ‘yes’ or ‘no’ answer, but with an appealing pose that suggested an answer that might just please an easy fan.
“Paramount gave the okay to start anytime, when we get funded,” added Tom, “for a pilot to compete for ratings during the RNC convention.”
Jeanine Harper – whose only experience with Hollywood funding was getting paid to gather signatures from residents in Long Beach to authorize shooting of “Duxter,” a quirky rip-off series starring unknown actor Dexter Green, as a zoologist who solved murder mysteries with help from a flock of wild parrots – continued taking notes.
“A call on our secure line for Mr. Hanks,” said the maître de, wheeling a cart that held an antique green dial phone.
Jon and Arnold chuckled.
“It’s Pranks!” shot back the candy man, lifting the phone.  “Why don’t people get my name right?”
Jeanine stared at her pad, as the Mayor and Larry each checked their watches.
Tom Pranks spent a minute on a call where his own words were, “Yes,” and “Okay,” and “Uh huh,” and “Okay,” and finally, “We have a deal,” before hanging up.
While Jon and Arnold waited for news on “A Deal,” Tom returned to being angry.
“I can’t believe we’re turning to a clown for funding,” hissed Tom Producer Man, “because of my fucking Two Dollar Bill.”
“I paid for the hat!” howled the enormous weightlifter.
Jon corrected Tom.  “That’s Mister Clown.”
“Mr. Clown,” said the maître de, “you have another secure call on Line Two.”
“Who the fuck is it now?” demanded Tom, taking the second call.
Larry and Jeanine looked to the Mayor, who was tapping his watch.
“The White House?” replied Tom, immediately standing to attention.
Jeanine Harper returned to writing notes.
*     *     *
“Lar-RY!” chanted a table of socially-distant lawyers, who led a masked wave.
“You’re making it up that the President called,” said Larry, while Tom, Arnold and Jon dug into the fantastic main servings.
“Maryann verified that the White House had asked where we were,” said Jeanine, showing Larry a text message.
“We made him an offer he cannot refuse,” said Arnold, like a mobster king.
“Whether it’s Hollywood, Manhattan, or the White House,” added Tom, “money makes the world go around.”
“Paramount okd a show to make fun of the president,” said Jon, “not to let him steal our ratings.”
“Mr. Bully Hate Man just wants to rope in the Cowboy’s money,” hissed Arnold, sifting through the box of chocolate.
Both Mayor Kim and Councilman Van der Bix looked at the notes taken by Larry’s Chief of Staff, who had returned to work several weeks ago, after nearly a month of paid family leave, following her husband’s death to COVID and her own self-isolation.
“So the President will be flying to Long Beach tomorrow… to negotiate a price?” asked Mayor Tony Kim.  “That means closing the 405 and providing security.”
“The President knows how to be The Star, and he makes a lot of people laugh,” said Tom.
“He’d shoot film of his nose, to spite his face,” replied Jon.
“I can’t take being laughed at any more,” whimpered the dork.
Jeanine’s eyes tighten, as she angrily added an exclamation point to the note she had written of the dork’s comment.
“History happens in unexpected ways,” said Jon, pointing to the dork’s gift hat.  “If we put up a show that makes people look beyond what divides us, you can help change the debate in America, one laugh at a time.”
“It does not have to be the Blinker Day shit,” said Arnold.
Mayor Tony Kim turned to Larry and Jeanine, motioning to his wristwatch.
Another pair of waiters swiftly closed in, with one clearing flecks of steak near Tom’s plate, while the other collected salmon beside Arnold’s wine glass.
“You’re right,” said one waiter to the other.  “It’s Captain Ryan!”
“Private!” snapped Tom Pranks, scowling.
“Ha, funny, fantastic,” laughed Arnold, as the waiters left after clearing flecks.  “Everyone knows my name!”
“At least someone bought them a fucking pen!” shot back Tom.
“The pen came with the hat,” replied Arnold, defending his acts of privilege, of spending money to make money.  “And I buy a fantastic amount of Stetson boots.”
“I don’t know,” said the dork, again showing reluctance, but offering no decision.
“Larry, Larry, Larry,” said Jon Stuart, disregarding more spats.  “What’s money?”
The Mayor looked at the dork, and Jeanine looked at her boss avoiding the Mayor.
“Lar-RY!” chanted restaurant customers, abandoning any attempt at discretion, repeatedly cheering their elected mega-tycoon.
The dork immediately put his mask on, as though to hide.
“Ride ’em, Cowboy!” exclaimed guests at the other side of the patio.
“See?” said Arnold.  “We can start with the horsey shit, and ride for President!”
“Oh, that’s good,” brainstormed Tom.  “Do horses get COVID?”
“If Mr. Bix takes another extended leave,” said the Mayor, “I can’t stop a recall.”
“I need better priorities,” said Larry, looking to Jeanine, who silently nodded. 
“Lar-RY, Lar-RY, Lar-RY,” chanted Jon, leading an audience and staying focused, as would any star who hosted a nighttime national political comedy show.  “Let’s take this one trot at a time.”
“Giddy up, little horsey!” purred Arnold.
Tom smiled to Larry, pretending to be riding a horse next to him.
“The Councilman is privileged,” said the Mayor.  “This is his decision.”
“I’m not running for President!” exclaimed Councilman Larry Van der Bix.
The dining area of the city’s most elite restaurant went silent.
Jeanine drew a large star next to Larry’s statement that she had written down.
“I’m so tired of hearing, ‘No,’” squawked Arnold, chocolate dripping on his lips.
*     *     *
“That went well,” said Councilman Larry Van der Bix, as he ran behind his furious Chief of Staff, to navigate the chaos of homeless people camped in Lincoln Park.
“Don’t touch me!” screamed a pungent, unkempt masked homeless woman, after Larry bumped into her at the base of the monument dedicated on July 3, 1915 to honor America’s second “great” president.
“The Mayor is furious!” spat Jeanine Harper.  “He heard you say you won’t run.”
“Look!” said another homeless woman.  “It’s the Cowboy!”
“Mr. Mega!” gasped a man in a wheelchair.
“Spare a Two, Mister!” chanted a gaggle of vagabonds, arms extended.
Jeanine kept marching to City Hall, as a swarm of homeless swooped the dork.
“No!” said Larry, bolting away from the nation’s second statue honoring Lincoln.
“And then you tell Arnold, ‘Maybe,’ outside his Hummer,” yelled Jeanine, again outpacing her boss, charging ahead, as Larry broke from the zombie-like swarm begging for two dollar bills.  “And we’re supposed to wait for Air Force One tomorrow!”
“Wait up!” begged Larry.
“Buy some OG privilege, Cowboy?” said a man offering reefer.
Larry scrambled to outrun begging vagabonds.
“Do people only say it, or are you actually insane?” said Jeanine, making no effort to slow her pace.  “It’s not even June and it’s already gloomy.”
Chapter 11 – The Slog Behind The Front
“I left the snow of Rochester to muster as a sweating grunt, when Teddy Roosevelt sent the Army Corps of Engineers to build the Panama Canal,” said Sergeant Henry Adams, assigned to be the driver for Major Carl Van der Bix, as the armored vehicle stayed close behind a truck carrying dozens of Doughboys.  “Pulled Sergeant with Pershing’s hunt for Pancho Villa.”
“We never get snow in Hollywood, where we’re from,” replied Giant, the rifleman.
“Unless Charlie Chaplin or D.W. Griffith use fake snow,” added Johnnie.
“I voted for the Bull Moose party,” said Carl, referring to Teddy Roosevelt’s 1912 race, which was the first election for which Carl had been eligible to cast a ballot.  “My best friend, Earl, voted Taft.”
“I don’t care who runs in 1920, so long as I am alive on Election Day,” said the driver.
“We don’t reach voting age for four more years,” said Johnnie.
“Elections don’t matter,” said the LT, looking up from a poem scrawled onto his notepad, “but not crashing does.”
“Crashing’s not so bad,” said the driver, “cuz you can go home and not vote.”
“We’ll make it home to vote, Giant,” said Johnnie, looking up to his friend, who sat slightly higher so as to man the Colt-Browning heavy machinegun.  “We could’a been in the trenches.”
“The Great War makes Pancho Villa look like a baseball game,” grumbled the Sergeant.
“At least pilots don’t live in a trench with mud and gassing and cannons and hand-to-hand,” said Giant, looking jealously at the LT, editing his poem.  “I just don’t want to be an amputee.”
“Enemy!” yelled Major Carl Van der Bix, looking upward.  “German planes!”
“What?” asked the LT, pocketing his pad.
“Hold tight!” yelled the driver, punching the gas peddle.
“Open fire!” barked Carl, his eyes rapidly scanning, like a hungry owl seeking prey.
“It won’t fire!” yelled Giant, violently jerking something that was not the lever.
“You’re jamming it!” incorrectly screamed Johnnie, eager to feed the gun that neither remember how to operate.
The Kaiser’s biplanes strafed the line of AEF vehicles with its own heavy machinegun fire, cutting holes across a pockmarked road, as infantrymen leapt from both sides of the truck ahead and threw themselves deeply into heavy mud of the adjacent field.
*     *     *
Silent tension gripped Carl’s unit, as the caravan entered Vichy, where vines bore no grapes and trees offered only wrath.
“How far is 55 km again?” asked Johnnie, holding a ruler on the clear map sprawled across the reconnaissance table, as the Davidson-Cadillac armored vehicle lurched ahead, alongside the never-ending line of marching infantrymen.
“Multiple by one-point-six,” replied Giant, his eyes peering through the slit in front of the heavy machinegun.
“Divide, not multiple,” corrected the driver.  “Not everyone’s smart like Americans.”
“Maybe two hours to Clermont-Ferrand Aerodrome, Sir,” said the small rifleman.
“We’re far away from the Front Line,” said the junior LT airman, to no one in particular.  “How can German planes be so bold?”
“Pilots can fly where wings and fuel will take ’em,” said Major Carl Van der Bix, looking at his notepad to compare the clean map with various military units provided by Billy Mitchell.  “Clermont-Ferrand... The 79th Aero Squadron….  A construction squadron…. The 7th Aviation Instruction Center.”
“Too bad the construction unit ain’t just building the Panama Canal,” said Teddy’s grunt.  “So how did you get suckered, Major?”
“My way out of a life I didn’t want,” said Carl.
*     *     *
“You’re crazy, VeeBee,” said Earl Daugherty, driving his brand-new 1910 Ford Model T motor vehicle across San Pedro’s undeveloped Pacific Avenue, as schooners docked at the newly born Port of Los Angeles delivered timber from the Pacific northwest used to construct California’s housing.  “Stay here and we’ll build a flight school and an aerodrome in Long Beach.”
“Easy for you, since your Dad named a hotel after you and bought you a plane,” said Carl, as they approached Fort MacArthur.  “My only dream is to get away from the Old Man.”
“Uniforms won’t free you from old bastards,” said Earl.  “Make dreams come true where you already are.”
*     *     *
The Clermont-Ferrand Aerodrome – now a military base, but originally one of the world’s first sites to handle civil aviation – sprawled across the grassy fields of central France, with rows of small hangers, and scores of biplanes being wheeled onto the fields, or sent into the sky.
“LT, shoot a reel of motion picture film to assess the base,” ordered Major Carl Van der Bix, as everyone climbing out of the Davidson-Cadillac.  “And hunt a second vehicle.”
“Yes, Sir,” saluted the 21-year-old airman, pocketing his poetry to hoist the box camera.
“After fueling, Sergeant, make sure everyone eats,” said Carl, leaning close to the driver, “and find someone who can fire a machinegun.”
*     *     *
“How old are you, Major?” asked a gray-haired One Star General of the Army Air Service, in the Clermont-Ferrand aerodrome, as Carl handed a typed order, which read….
“American Expeditionary Forces | France | To AEF Staff Officers | From Gen John Pershing || Allow Major Carl Van der Bix to report directly to AEF Air Service HQ, with no restriction on movement, assignment, or honorable conduct.”
“Billy Mitchell ordered me to round up pilots for the southern tip of the Front,” said Carl, “and my LT needs film reels flown immediately to Air Service HQ in Champagne-Ardenne.”
“Got no aviators available,” said General Bernie Bliss, the aerodrome’s day-to-day XO, as he studied the order, stared at Carl, and handed the typed page to the youngest Major in the Army.  “Don’t get your uniform muddy.”
*     *     *
“Got anything to go?” asked the grim-faced Sergeant, to a tall broad-chested muscular Private First Class serving food from massive pots set on a mule-drawn cart.  “It’s to feed the unit moving a Major to the Front.”
“If you’ve got an order,” said the cook, as he saluted officers passing on horseback.
“Don’t give our NCO lip,” said Johnnie, neither bigger nor older nor higher in rank than the Private First Class.
“Can it, Johnnie,” said Giant.
“Show me an order,” sternly stated the PFC, holding the ladle tightly.
The Sergeant turned to the 17-year-olds while pointing his index finger to the PFC’s strips.  “How’d you pull PFC, Soldier?”
“I manned the potato digger after our Corporal got gunned apart,” said the cook.
“Bingo,” said the Sergeant.
*     *     *
“On the road, again,” sang Carl Van der Bix, to the Sergeant, in the light rain, motioning to a never-ending line of AEF vehicles and infantry.  Carl turned to his LT.  “No second vehicle?”
The LT didn’t reply, eyes instead locked on planes launching for patrol.
Carl scowled, and looked to see a PFC helping the two riflemen load the vehicle.
“Found a jack-of-all-trades,” said the driver, “if you land orders for the machine-gunner.”
“Good eyes,” said the Major.  “Billy Mitchell gave me the paper I need.”
“I haven’t been up since training in a Sopwith Camel,” said the 21-year-old, looking up, into a wild gray yonder.  “When do I get to fly?”
“When I let you,” said Carl, who had been ordered by Colonel Oliver Spaulding to not fly.  “Pilots who pay attention are the ones who survive, Lieutenant.”
*     *     *
“Are you claiming ‘no restriction on movement’ as your rationale to steal my best cook?” asked General Bernie Bliss.  “Or do weapon skills provide ‘honorable conduct’ for your unit?”
“Both, Sir,” saluted Major Carl Van der Bix, who took the General’s hand-scrawled order.
*     *     *
The Sergeant maintained close distance in the line of AEF vehicles, all struggling to not skid-and-bump or slide off the muddy road.
“Left the Green Mountains when the war first started to volunteer as an ambulance driver for the French,” said the PFC, seated between the driver and Carl.
“Planes!” yelled the junior LT, quickly looking up from his notepad to scan the window slit and spotted five American aircraft popping out from the gray clouds, to protect the AEF column.
“Ours…,” said the Major.
“How come a cook gets to sit up front?” asked the petite rifleman not studying the map.
“So he can drive if I get killed,” grumbled the Sergeant, downshifting on the muddy road.
“Stop shoveling shit on someone who may save your life,” said the Major, waiving a pair of written orders.
The teenagers and the young LT said nothing.
“May I, Sir?” asked the Private First Class, who quickly read the scrawled order.  “At least no one misspelled Roccé.”
“Approaching Orange, Sir,” said the driver.
“I’ll tour the hospitals as the LT shoots film,” said Carl, pocketing both orders.
“I’ve driven wounded here,” said the Private First Class.  “There might be Doughboys, but mostly it’ll be ANZAC who got tortured in the trenches after surviving the misery of Gallipoli.”
*     *     *
The LT hand-cranked the large motion picture camera, showing Carl talking with an elderly Nun wearing a face mask.
“I believe we do have two AEF aviators,” said the Nun, leading Major Carl Van der Bix away from the camera.  At the Nun’s prompting, the Major slipped on a face mask, as he passed the dull eyes of survivors of the Great War, suffering wounds inflicted by weapons never imagined, and victims of the Spanish Flu, on beds set row upon row in a massive ward of the Catholic hospital.
The LT continued filming, as the Major and Nun marched across the ward, and disappeared into an adjacent hallway marked by a sign as, “Advanced Recovery.”
“We serve mostly Australians and New Zealanders,” said the Nun, escorting the Major beyond two Garde Républicaine stationed at a door marked as “Kaiser” for prisoners-of-war.  “You’ll find more Americans at the hospital in Avignon.”
*     *     *
“May I join you?” asked Major Carl Van der Bix, to a pair of LTs, in the only room with any American aviators in the Catholic hospital in Orange.  “John Powell?  David Armstrong?”
Neither nodded nor spoke.
“Billy Mitchell assigned me to gather American aviators,” said Carl.
“We’re not available,” said one, resting in bed.
“Our Major wants our wings back,” said the other, seated in a chair, “and there’s no way you’ve worn a gold leaf as long as the commander of the 39th Aero Squadron.”
*     *     *
“Are we fueled?” asked Major Carl Van der Bix, to his Sergeant standing near the Davidson-Cadillac armored vehicle.  “Where’s the PFC?”
“Hunting food with the Privates,” said the driver.  “He knows where everything is.”
“No second vehicle?” asked Carl, to his junior officer, who sheepishly shook his head.  “Keep trying, Lieutenant.”
“We rounded up coffee and meat and bread,” said Johnnie, hoisting a bag of grounds, and marching next to the PFC, as Giant followed them, shouldering a massive sack of rations.
“And two bottles of cheap wine!” said the PFC, personally handing them to the Major.
“Very good, gentlemen,” said Carl, motioning to the vehicle.  “On to Avignon.”
*     *     *
“This order doesn’t even include your name,” said Carl, to the PFC, as the driver struggled to move through increasingly muddy roads.
“John Roccé, Sir, of Rutland VT, twenty-five,” replied the Private First Class.
Carl added details to a handwritten order, which read, only, “Major Carl Van der Bix is authorized to make use of my Private First Class,” and signed by General Bernie Bliss.
“Roccé, Sir,” said the PFC, spelling his name, before explaining the final letter.  “Pronounced ‘Woke’ with an R.”
“Rock is easier,” said the Sergeant.
“The French pronounced and spelled it right,” said John Roccé, “because they had a volunteer ready to drive the wounded and learn heavy weapons.”
“We got taught in America,” said Private Johnnie, “cuz it’s a privilege to be smart.”
“The only privilege for a Vermont farmhand is fresh syrup at breakfast,” said John Roccé.  “The ‘potato digger’ almost wouldn’t help in winter on the Green Mountains.”  The PFC peered through the slit, toward an ancient walled city.  “There’s a lot of Doughboys in Avignon, Sir.”
Chapter 12 – Grace the Lady of the Angeles
As the LT hand-cranked the motion picture camera, Major Carl Van der Bix awkwardly posed with a gray-haired Cardinal, outside a military hospital located within the huge stone palace that had once served as home to seven Catholic Popes, when Avignon had played host to a Church split in two, by the Great Schism of 1378.
The Cardinal lifted his shaking index finger and silently pointed to a young Nun, who, despite her face mask and conservative attire, was perhaps the most beautiful woman in France.  “Go,” instructed the old man, and the Major followed the Nun to find American airmen recovering from the Great War.
The LT finished filming and wrote the proper spelling of names given by the Cardinal, while repeatedly glancing upward to watch the Nun lead the Major into the Palace.
Inside, other masked Nuns joined masked doctors and nurses to serve hundreds of maskless AEF Doughboys in a vast hospital ward for survivors of the “War to End All Wars.”
“Please…,” said the stunningly-beautiful Nun, pointing to her own mask, while offering another to the Major, to protect from the global pandemic that had seen a down-tick with the summer of 1918, but which, within two years would slay 100 million people worldwide, to become the most brutal killer ever to strike the Industrial Age.
The Major donned the mask and followed the stunning Nun into “Advanced Recovery,” stopping at the doorway, as hospital staff cleared blood-stained sheets from an empty bed.
All eyes lit up inside the crowded room, upon the Major’s arrival.
“May I join you, gentlemen?” asked the Major.
“Only if she takes off her mask,” said the room filled with excited Doughboys.
*     *     *
“Avignon is made for film festivals and beautiful actresses,” said Major Carl Van der Bix, after his junior officer shot footage of him posing briefly with the Nun, after they exited the hospital.  The Nun sneezed, and replaced her face mask before walking away.  “Hope you got her name.”
“Grace, but they don’t give Nuns a last name,” said the 21-year-old LT.
“Angels don’t need last names to get wings,” said the Major, who pointed to another armored car parked alongside their Davidson-Cadillac.
“I did secure a second vehicle,” said the LT.
“Good, because we get four aviators, so you’ll need PFC Rock on the Colt-Browning,” said the Major.
“I think it’s Woke with an R, Sir,” said the poet, who edits his own words closely.
“Yeh, whatever,” said Carl.  “Did you get a driver?”
“No, Sir, but the Division’s XO gave me a corkscrew and a fancy bottle of wine,” said the LT, shouldering the large camera.  “Why don’t Popes just crack the bottle, like smart people?”
*     *     *
Carl held the cork, took a drink and passed the finest wine of France to his junior officer.
“What’s it like to get shot down?” asked the LT, taking a swig of Chateauneuf du Pape.
The wine circulated among the six Army Air Service pilots.
“Crashing is like being punched really hard, but it keeps hurting,” said a red-headed pilot roped by the Major to leave the hospital inside the Palais des Papes, one of the largest and most important medieval Gothic buildings in Europe.
“Unless you die, like the guy on the bed next to me,” said a brown-haired patient from advanced recovery, “so at least it can stop hurting.”
“Which squadron gets us?” asked the black-haired pilot, as he passed the bottle.
“You’ll protect the First Army,” said Carl, gazing to the peaceful Rhone River.
“What Army is that?” asked the red-head.
“The AEF organized the First last month,” replied the Major.
“In other words,” said the blond aviator recruited from the hospital, as he finished the bottle, “you won’t tell us shit, Sir.”
The first bottle now empty, the blond cracked a second bottle, of cheap red, for six men in their 20s, allowing thoughts to fly lighter.
“Let’s just talk about French girls,” said the cameraman, reaching for the wine.
“Like the Nun who escorted the Major,” asked the red head.
“Sister Grace,” said the cameraman, not needing to study his notepad, “and she took off her mask so I could shoot her on a reel of film.”
“You shot a movie starring Princess Grace, my Lady of the Angels?” gasped one of the Nun’s biggest fans, while the others swooned at finally learning her name.  “Hollywood needs her.”
“Long Beach has Buffalo Pictures,” said the Major.  “She could do comedies on the beach with Fatty Arbuckle.”
“In a bathing suit,” swooned another.
“Someone told me her accent is Scandinavian,” said the red-head.
“Which country is that?” asked the brunette.
“She chose Jesus instead the King,” said another.
The junior LT took out his pad to record additional critical information, before flipping the pad to continue editing a poem.
The Major and five LTs drank and insulted the Kaiser and dangled their legs off the edge of an ancient broken bridge over the Rhone River, outside of the stone walls of Avignon, as two riflemen, the PFC and the driver sat at the base of the bridge, next to the armored vehicles, to share meat and bread, after their only bottle of cheap red got snatched by the blond.
“What’re ya writing?” asked one of the LTs rounded up from the hospital.
The poet-turned-cameraman handed his notepad.
“Flander has an ‘s,’ I think,” said the tipsy pilot, before squinting, and handing back the pad.  “Who wants a poem about death?”
“I thought that I had died,” said the red-head, floating on his own cloud, “and then came Grace, like poetry, like a song, like a prayer, my Angel, so I figured for sure I was in Heaven.”
“By the love of Grace, we didn’t die,” said the blond, raising the bottle he had snatched.  “Not yet.”
*     *     *
“Can see the aerodrome in Marseille, Sir,” growled the not-drunk driver, who led the pair of Davidson-Cadillac vehicles over muddy roads, after Carl Van der Bix and the LTs had emptied the Chateauneuf du Pape and another bottle of cheap red, before finishing another that the blond had snatched from John Roccé’s hand.
In a drunken stupor, Major Carl Van der Bix did not see the distant 9th Aero Squadron base, but instead watched his best friend, Earl Daugherty, land his biplane onto the Long Beach shoreline, becoming the first to land a plane in a town nicknamed “Iowa By The Sea,” because conservatives had left the snows of Des Moines to take control of a new town and openly compete with the wild-spirited Los Angeles, over which would become the most popular city in southern California.
“Sir?” repeated the driver.
Carl didn’t hear Sergeant Henry Adams, but instead focused on Fort Mac’s David Arian, who had driven from San Pedro to tell the Old Man that Carl would rise in the ranks quickly, due to his talents for flight and mechanics, and also the prominence of the family’s real estate business.
“He needs to sober up,” said Giant, manning the machinegun.
“It’s what he gets for finishing our own bottle,” scowled the driver.
Carl’s drunken eyes didn’t see his vehicle sliding off the muddy road, or hear it get smacked by the second vehicle, driven by PFC John Roccé, with the red-haired pilot on machinegun.
Instead, the drunken Major recalled his stern father offering no congratulations on Carl’s commission as a junior Lieutenant, or becoming the tenth to earn wings in the Army Air Service, or making Captain in the spring of 1917, with his promotion being among the long list of names that were part of Congressional legislation to fund deployment of the American Expeditionary Force.
“We’ll have to dig ourselves out of the mud without him,” muttered the driver.
Chapter 13 – Eight Minutes And Forty Six Seconds
Bobby McGee sat motionless in the passenger’s side, his eyes locked on a YouTube video, as the U-Haul passed the 6th Street exit that would go into Amarillo Texas.
“He must be watching himself crack bag jokes,” said Karen, pointing to the off ramp.  “We can shoot some video at Cadillac Ranch and Palo Duro Canyon State Park.”
“Maybe we can go hiking,” said Riley Beach, enthusiastically.
“We’re not stopping,” said Lori, clutching the steering wheel.
“We’re not at war!” fired December, sternly.
“That doesn’t look like a funny video,” said the eight-year-old, peering at Bobby’s phone and lifting the earphones that the cameraman had taken out while still watching YouTube.
“Are your bag jokes going viral?” asked December, shaking a wife’s anger at her husband.
Bobby stayed quiet.
“Why can’t he breathe?” asked Riley, taking the earphones out.
December immediately glanced downward and saw a Black man forced onto the ground by a police officer’s knee jammed on his neck.  “What’s that?”
“Nine minutes in Minneapolis,” quietly replied Bobby McGee.
“Oh please don’t show something like that,” quickly pled December, wrapping a mother’s arm to pull Riley’s eyes away from viewing 8-minutes-and-46-second that changed the world.
“I’m sorry,” said Bobby.  “It’s just… hard for anyone… to not see.”
Karen Joplin looked down, exhaled disdainfully, before again looking up to the Texas road.  “Stop wasting everyone’s time.”
“It’s so obvious,” said Bobby, an ally again being forced to apologize.
Lori glanced downward, and then assessed the impact of combat on December and Riley.
Bobby looked to the woman paying his wage, at the concerned mother clutching her child, and at the driver unhappy to be leaving California.  Bobby surrendered, and pocketed his phone. 
“I’m sorry, but thanks for putting it away,” said December, as Riley wriggled free.
“Barf bag?” said Bobby McGee, with no timing or playful voice.  “No, I voted for Bernie.” After a delay, Bobby added, “Book bag?” and delivered a flat punch line.  “Charges got dropped.”
*     *     *
“C’mon, the Major’s drunk,” grumbled Sergeant Henry Adams, shutting off the engine of the Davidson-Cadillac reconnaissance vehicle now stuck in the mud due to the September rain.
“Sergeant, we can’t leave the Major,” gasped Johnnie, the small rifleman who had left high school with his friend, Giant, to become Sons of Liberty, and get sent “Over There,” as Doughboys of the American Expeditionary Forces fighting the “War To End All Wars.”
“I’m not leaving him, either,” said Giant, who crossed his arms and refused to climb off the elevated seat where he operated the heavy machinegun he had proven unable to fire.
The driver stared for a moment at the pair of soldiers whimpering as the children they were, grunted, swung open the door, and climbed out.
“I don’t think we’re going to leave him,” said the cameraman, as he climbed out as well, only to fall face-first into the knee-deep mud that once had been a road.
“Lieutenant?” said the PFC, now standing next to the second vehicle, extending his hand to the junior LT, and pulling him up from the mud.
“So where’s the Boss?” asked a red-haired pilot climbing out of the second vehicle, who had been manning the machinegun, after the Major had rounded up the four airmen in Avignon to fly during the first major battle of WWI that would be led by the American Expeditionary Force.
“Who cares?” shot back the tipsy blond LT, struggling to climb out of the second vehicle, perhaps due to drinking heavily after snatching the bottle from John Roccé’s hand, when the officers had finished their own bottles on the broken bridge outside the stone walls of Avignon.
“At least pushing this out of the mud is better than getting shot down,” said the black-haired pilot recruited inside the Palais des Papes, once the home of seven Catholic Popes, but now cherished as the place where the most beautiful woman in France – Sister Grace – tends to Doughboys recovering from trench warfare, gas attacks, cannon fire, aircraft bombings, or simply gasping for breath and coughing blood due to the most brutal killer ever to strike the Industrial Age.
“Looks like we gotta start this alone, Rock,” said the Sergeant Henry Adams, to the PFC, who apparently cared little about the mispronunciation of his name, as each only grumbled that the Major was too drunk to lead nine men on pushing vehicles out of the mud.
“The riflemen need to mount the potato digger on solid ground,” observed the PFC.
The Sergeant nodded, and they turned to the junior LT, who saw that two older men with combat experience were waiting for his order, and he rapidly nodded.
“You’re the NCO, Sergeant,” said the PFC, who struggled to lift each leg from the knee-deep mud.
*     *     *
“It’d be wrong to leave my job on the City Council for your stupid reality TV show,” said Larry Van der Bix, looking quickly to Jeanine Harper for approval from his Chief of Staff, who nodded while taking notes of the 8:45 am call.  “And you still haven’t promised to pay health care and Social Security for Lori and December.”  Jeanine rolled her eyes.
“We are waiting for Air Force One,” said Arnold Spankergrüber, the weightlifter-turned-movie-star-turned-Governor and who now is working with his “Happy Chappies” – Jon Stuart and Tom Pranks – to snatch money from the lottery-winning dork to fund a show that would spend the summer and fall of 2020 making fun of politics and possibly featuring cameos by the President.  “Love him or hate him, he could make the show a fantastic hit!”
*     *     *
“But I don’t want to go back to Long Beach,” said December, as she and her husband, Lori, watched their son, Riley, follow the Dynamic Duo from Maine – a middle-aged hippy and a young out-of-work comedian known for bag jokes – to a public art installation in Amarillo Texas.
“We could fly back,” said Lori.  “We can pay Bobby to drive our stuff home.”
“I want a new future with some actual devotion,” replied December, scanning Cadillac Ranch to watch their son.  Her eyes misted when she saw Bobby McGee sluggishly drag himself behind the bubbly hippy.  “Love’s more than a job or privilege.”
The couple watched Riley climb on one of ten Cadillacs buried nose-first in the Texas soil, as Karen ordered him to climb off.  Bobby shot no video, looked at no one, and told no jokes.
“Larry promised to buy anyplace we want in Long Beach, since he won the lottery again,” quickly added Lori, famous for Olympic medals, but a recipient of little money from victory and who otherwise earned a soldier’s pay, and always refused endorsement contracts or ad modeling.
“I don’t want anyone’s money,” shot back December.  “I want a husband who loves me and cares about our kid.”
The couple stopped talking when their son and the Dynamic Duo approached.
*     *     *
“Johnnie, get your gun!” shouted Giant, the enormous rifleman, to his petite buddy who appeared unwilling to climb out of the Davidson-Cadillac, and instead merely watched Giant and John Roccé carry the 35-pound Colt-Browning M1895 machinegun, along with its tripod and belts of ammunition onto solid ground.  “Get your gun!”
“I’m protecting the Major,” yelled the tiny Private, doing nothing, as the Major snored.
“Then wake ’em up!” shouted the Sergeant, before turning to see the mud-drenched LT carrying the hand-cranked motion picture camera toward a nearby hill.  “What’re you doing, Sir?”
“I gotta finish nine minutes of film before I can put a fresh reel to shoot at the aerodrome,” shouted the cameraman, setting up a shot of vehicles in the mud with the spectacular Mediterranean reflecting the gray clouds above.  “This is the reel with Sister Grace.”
John Roccé mounted the Colt-Browning, as Giant laid ammo belts at the ready.
“Ever actually fired the potato digger?” asked the PFC, pointing to the air-cooled, belt-fed, gas-operated machinegun with a closed bolt that can send 450 rounds per minute.
“Well, uh, not lately,” struggled the 17-year-old, as the PFC gave methodical instruction.  “Why do they call it that?”
“Ever dug potatoes in the winter?” replied John Roccé, of Rutland Vermont.
“If that vehicle doesn’t get moved, the Major’s an open target!” barked the Sergeant, obviously not giving an order, but telling everyone that something better get done, before turning his wrath to Giant.  “Be ready to fire, Private!”
“You can do it, Giant,” chimed the 25-year-old PFC, to encourage the teenaged rifleman.  “Throw the lever and listen… and I’ll get Johnnie to feed the belts, if I have to carry him!”
The four LTs showed little skill, energy or initiative to push their vehicle out of the mud, as the Sergeant and PFC struggled to lift each leg from the knee-deep slog to retrieve the Major.
The LT cranked the movie camera to capture four lazy pilots, a tiny trembling rifleman, a giant ready to fire and two combat grunts slogging thru the mud to save their Major.
“Johnnie, get your gun!” again shouted Giant, as he fed the .30-calider belt and threw the operating lever under the rear of the gun, below the stock, hinged near the breech.
*     *     *
In the first day of mist, of California’s June gloom, Councilman Larry Van der Bix stood with Mayor Tony Kim and their staff entourages – plus the Three Caballeros – to lead a delegation of elected officials, business and labor leaders, press and TV crews, uniformed veterans, a surf guitar band and some dancers, and a carefully-selected crowd, for the instantly-scheduled welcoming ceremony on the tarmac of Long Beach airport, which had been originally built on land bought by Earl Daugherty shortly before his death in December 1928, when Earl and Carl and a newspaper cameraman who had begged for a barnstorming flight had been in the air over Compton for ten minutes when a wing snapped off and the plane plunged 2000 feet, killing all three.
“When does the President get here?” asked Larry, as city workers wheeled an aluminum-and-steel stairway to await the arrival of Air Force One.
“You still have not told me why we are waiting… with the Governor, and… those comedians,” whispered Mayor Tony Kim, nodding discretely to Arnold Spankergrüber, Tom Pranks and Jon Stuart.
“Kind’a hard to explain,” said Larry, before turning to his press secretary, Maryann Moore, as she was studying her smart phone.
“The White House demands that any Black Lives Matter protesters be pushed back before the President will authorize Air Force One to land,” said Maryann.
“Another outrageous demand!” said the Mayor, looking past the red carpet to a tented stage, where Dengue Fever and Cambodian dancers were joined by military veterans and TV crews, all wearing face masks.
“Outrageousness is a fantastic shot,” said the Governor, exercising the privilege of blowing Hollywood’s smoke, while protesters chanting “No Justice!  No Peace!” floated over a thick line of police, and clouded the tarmac with a cacophony of anger.
“Comedy is the catharsis against crimes and misdemeanors,” said Jon Stuart, watching the sky for any sign of Air Force One.
“Should we tamp down the George Floyd stuff?” said Tom Pranks, meekly waving to silver-haired military veterans from Wilmington, in dress uniform, waiting to present the American Flag to the Commander-in-Chief.
“It is worth smelling shit to remind everyone that shit stinks,” replied Arnold, blowing more smoke.  “‘Look!  Shit!’  Think of the ratings.”
“A rather obtuse way to compare a police killing with Ronald Reagan’s joke on incurable optimism,” observed Jon Stuart, “since few people shovel shit these days.”
“We can show some shit, so viewers judge how bad it smells,” said Tom Pranks.
“Ha!  Funny!  Fantastic!” chuckled Arnold Spankergrüber.  “Hollywood always finds spectacular ways to shovel shit.”
*     *     *
“You said we weren’t going hiking,” said Riley Beach, as his dad parked the U-Haul and pointed to multicolored layers of rock and steep mesa walls of the Palo Duro Canyon, a canyon system running 120 miles across the Texas Panhandle, as the second-largest canyon in America.
“Bring the cameras to shoot freelance video,” ordered Karen, swinging open the passenger door and hopping out.
Bobby McGee did not hop out, or reach for a camera, or say anything, or move at all.
“Pardon me, Mr. McGee,” said Riley, maneuvering over the motionless comedian.
“We’ll catch up, Little One,” said December, lovingly waving a rare dose of freedom to the eight-year-old.  “You can bring your mask….”
The woman in her 50s returned to the U-Haul to lean with privilege in the passenger’s side.  “I told you to bring the large camera,” repeated the hippy.
“No…,” said Bobby, slowly, quietly.  “Not up for freelancing….”
“I’m a camera-man,” said Riley, proudly holding the portable camera that Bobby gave him.
“How convenient,” said Karen, looking with judgment on a couple ready to let their kid walk off because Bobby was unwilling to earn his pay.  “At least one man is willing to work.”
“Now, I’m a man,” said Riley, following Karen Joplin, but periodically looking back to see if his parents had forgotten him.
“I hope it’s okay if I stay in the truck,” said Bobby.
“We’ll be outside,” said December, as she and Lori climbed out.  “You take care, okay.”
“Thank you,” said Bobby, and the two women held hands and walked to follow their son at enough of a distance that a husband and wife could talk freely of marriage, love, and devotion.
*     *     *
“Planes!” yelled Major Carl Van der Bix, bolting upward from his drunken sleep, but instantly holding his head and squinting, to see a petite 17-year-old blocking the open door.
A hundred yards away, shaded by trees on a small hill, the LT continued cranking the camera, as the shot captured a pair of the Kaiser’s planes coming off the Mediterranean.
“Major!” said the petite Private, turning his back to the open door.  “You’re up!”
“Johnnie, get your gun!” yelled Giant, as he opened fire with his .30-caliber machinegun.
“Down!” yelled the Sergeant, as he and four LTs and the PFC threw themselves deeply into the heavy mud, as the Kaiser’s planes strafed machinegun fire, hitting both vehicles, and cutting pieces from the petite teenager’s exposed back.
The giant rifleman managed to feed his own gun, firing hundreds of rounds against planes flying close range, hitting one plane, and sparking flames as the two biplanes finished the first run.
On the nearby hillside, the LT continued cranking the camera for the “Sister Grace reel” that now features the chaos of battle, of Major Carl Van der Bix pulling the 17-year-old into the vehicle, and, a moment later, belly flopping onto the thick mud, as the German planes returned for a second run.
“Johnnie’s dead!” yelled Carl, crawling through the mud.
*     *     *
As rain fell onto the empty 405 Fwy, Long Beach airport workers erected a small tent with folding chairs for the three Hollywood stars chatting with TV crews.
“Tell your Girly-Man to shoot over there,” ordered the former Governor, motioning for Larry’s field deputy to aim his camera at the band and dancers and uniformed veterans huddled together under the dripping tent.  “Old soldiers never die… they just become fantastic footage!”
Justin Case – protecting his own cameras from the rain – instead took pictures of the Three Caballeros relaxing in the privilege of a newly-erected tent, while business and labor leaders stood in the rain – some with umbrellas, many without – and of the thinning crowd of community guests.
“My work is elsewhere,” said Mayor Tony Kim, turning from the empty tarmac.  “Tell Dengue Fever and the dancers to go home.”
Every elected official followed the Mayor’s departure.
“Where’s Jeanine?” whispered the Dork-in-Chief, to his press secretary.
“Picking up her daughter,” replied Maryann Moore.
“Why doesn’t her husband do that?” asked Larry.
“Don’t you pay attention?” said Justin.  “He died from COVID.”
“Oh,” said Larry, whose own privilege includes not caring enough about his staff that he doesn’t lift a finger to learn about the struggles that they face, or, when told, to actually remember the details.
Justin Case shot pictures of elected officials running to their waiting vehicles, idling not far from a police line that guarded the impromptu security wall set up to separate protesters and counter-protesters from the tarmac.
*     *     *
As the U-Haul slogged through the Texas Panhandle, Bobby stayed locked on his smart phone for updates on protests erupting across the world.
“I hope angry mobs don’t invade Maine,” said Karen, pointing to Bobby’s phone, but speaking only to the two women who had won a mortgage-free house with an essay.  “They’d bring diseases and poor lifestyles into New England.”
“And the protesters in Huntington Beach make us safe?” asked December.
“Surf City is a fine place with honorable people,” opined Karen, before ratcheting her tone.  “But those BLM protesters deserved to be gassed at Lafayette Park.”
“Is Miss Karen nice?” slowly asked Riley, after the hippy cast her judgment.
“I won’t be the only Scorpio voting for the President who’s eating cake on Election Day,” said the wild haired hippy.
“I’m done with this shit,” growled Lori.
*     *     *
“Grab your potato digger, Rock!” barked the Sergeant, before turning to see the weeping giant pull his dead schoolmate from the Davidson-Cadillac vehicle that had slid into the mud thirty minutes earlier.  “We gotta march the final distance.”
The PFC climbed into the second vehicle to gather the machinegun and ammunition belts.
“We went to kindergarten!” blubbered the giant, clinging to Johnnie’s blood-soaked body, as the German warplane that the rifleman had shot down burned a kilometer away.
“What the fuck do we do, Major?” yelled an LT rounded up a few hours earlier from the military hospital in Avignon, but who would fly in a few days as part of 1,400 allied planes that would define the Battle of Saint-Mihiel, the first major action led by U.S. forces.
“Why did I leave Grace?” moaned another pilot.
“Grab that machinegun, Giant, if the second pilot flies back for revenge,” ordered the Major, to the 17-year-old who had shown no panic, and, as the only gunner, fed his own weapon, and downed one warplane and sent off another, to save a Major and five junior officers.
“I can’t leave Johnnie!” wept the rifleman.
“Lay him on solid ground and the air base will retrieve Johnnie so family will get his stuff,” yelled the Sergeant, “but our mission is to get this Major and five pilots a few kilometers away.”
“An AEF column is speeding our way!” shouted the poet-turned-cameraman spotting from the hillside, where he had filmed about nine minutes of combat footage.
*     *     *
“Why’d we stop?” asked December, as the U-Haul parked in a Greyhound bus station.
“It’s time for someone to hitch a ride,” ordered Lori Lewis, to the Dynamic Duo.
“How appropriate,” said Karen Joplin, to her cameraman.  “Another fine mess you’ve gotten us into.”
“Not Bobby,” said the driver.  “Just you.”
*     *     *
“Leave me alone!” shouted the dork, standing on the tarmac, without an umbrella, and watching rain fall heavily onto the empty 405.
Justin Case held a massive rainbow umbrella over himself and Maryann Moore, as the two watched their boss, Councilman Larry Van der Bix, stand alone, cursing.
The carefully-selected community crowd had disappeared and only a few labor and business leaders could find social distance inside the small tent otherwise dominated by Three Caballeros.
Beyond the police line and security wall, a growing mass of protesters chanted, “Let Us Breathe!”
“Our contract for the pilot only cover one fucking hour,” said Tom Pranks, pointing to a camera crew shooting footage of the dork alone on the tarmac.  “Maybe we can use social media as the vehicle to boost ratings.”
“Turn to The People,” said Arnold Spankergrüber, blowing Hollywood’s smoke.  “That’s a fantastic angle.”
Jon Stuart opened his arms, like a comedian portraying a religious Prophet, and called on Air Force One to deliver.
“Why don’t we stand under that tent, Boss,” said Justin, to Larry, pointing to the veterans still protecting the Flag, now alone, since the band and dancers had left.
“Jeanine’s almost here,” said Maryann, scanning her smart phone.  “Oh, hold on!  If protesters don’t get pushed back, Air Force One will get diverted to Torrance, so the President can go directly to a fundraiser at his own golf course in Palos Verdes.”
“There she is!” shouted the rain-soaked dork, waving as his Chief of Staff ran across the tarmac.
“He’s in a fucking bunker!” yelled Jeanine Harper.  “Air Force One never left!”
“Done…!  Over…!  Finished!” yelled Larry, to the three Hollywood stars. 
“Ha!” shouted Arnold Spankergrüber.  “Not funny!  Not fantastic!”
Chapter 14 – Briefed at the Marseille Aerodrome
“There’s the bastard who stole my best cook!” laugher Bernie Bliss, a gray-haired One Star General of the Army Air Service, at the crowded Staff Officers briefing being held at the Marseille aerodrome, and pointing to the mud-drenched Major Carl Van der Bix, who took a seat in the back row, between two spotless officers, after hopping from the AEF column that had rescued his squad from nine minutes of chaos and recovered the body and possessions of a 17-year-old rifleman cut apart by the Kaiser’s warplanes.  “And he didn’t obey me, cuz I ordered him, ‘Don’t get your uniform muddy.’”
“I pity the poor fool who’s next to Van der Bix,” laughed General Billy Mitchell, the number-two commander of the fledgling Army Air Service, stealing Mr. T’s joke, before tapping a pool cue onto a detailed map sprawled across the billiards table of the Officers Lounge, now filled with dozens of Generals, Colonels and Majors – a crowd of gray-haired or salt-and-pepper men who had been flown or driven from the bottom half of the Western Front – waiting to take orders for the pending Battle of Saint-Mihiel.
“How can a green force take a salient the Kaiser’s held all four years of the war?” asked Colonel Oliver Spaulding, as he wiped away mud smeared on his arm by his personal aide, when Carl took the empty chair beside him.
“Blackjack’s covered every detail,” replied Billy Mitchell, tapping his pool cue.  “After night crews cut the wires and a million shells rain death on the Boche, we’ve got 1,400 planes and plenty of tanks to support waves of infantry storming the trenches on a twenty-mile front.”
“Frogs and Brits are gonna learn that Yank bastards know how to kick ass,” growled Lt. Col. George S. Patton, who protected his spotless uniform and silver pistols from the muddy Major sitting next to him.
*     *     *
“Sir, I’ve processed the reel!” shouted Carl’s LT, holding a salute to rush past Staff Officers leaving the briefing room to carry orders for the first major battle of the Great War that would be led by the American Expeditionary Force.
“General, you’ll need to see this,” said Major Carl Van der Bix, to Billy Mitchell and Bernie Bliss, who were talking about tanks with Lt. Col. George Patton.
*     *     *
“Who the Hell is she?” gasped George Patton, as the handful of Staff Officers watched the freshly-processed reel of 16mm film tick-tick-ticking away.
“It’s right after Sister Grace,” assured the mud-crusted LT, operating the projector.  “Had to finish this reel to shot a fresh one here, of the aerodrome.”
“You’re wasting precious time,” barked Oliver Spaulding, as the film showed Major Carl Van der Bix standing outside the military hospital in Avignon France, beside a stunningly-beautiful Nun, who blushed and peeled away her face mask for the camera.
“Stick with Grace,” gasped Patton, in a leering meow.  “It’s worth it to see her sneeze.”
The film immediately cut to a pair of Davidson-Cadillac armored vehicles stuck in the mud and gray clouds over the Mediterranean filling the background.
“Three hours ago,” said the LT, as the film displayed a PFC training a giant rifleman on use of the Colt-Browning potato digger, while a Sergeant knee-deep in the mud barked at lazy LTs not pushing their vehicle free, while a tiny Private dillydallied at the open door of the other vehicle.
“Where are you, Major?” demanded Oliver Spaulding.
“Um…,” said the now-sober Staff Officer, “inside, Sir.”
“Why does your mud smell like wine,” grumbled Patton.
“Freeze that frame!” immediately ordered Billy Mitchell, jumping from his chair as the LT halted the projector.  The number-two commander of the Air Service rushed to the tiny spot on the screen showing a pair of aircraft flying off the Mediterranean.  “They’re coming from the deep southeast.”  Mitchell vigorously waved Oliver Spaulding to compare the SE direction to the detailed map still sprawled across the billiards table.
*     *     *
“Fine work, Lieutenant,” said Billy Mitchell, to Carl’s junior LT, before turning to the Army’s youngest Major.  “I want this cameraman spotting with a pilot you gathered.”
“Yes, Sir,” saluted Carl, as Billy Mitchell left with Oliver Spaulding.
“No Staff Officer wears mud to a briefing,” hissed Patton, in his spotless uniform and polished ornate silver .45 caliber Colt pistols gained while hunting Pancho Villa.
“Tell that to the Private whose blood is on my uniform,” said the Major, before turning to Bernie Bliss.  “Can I keep your PFC, General?”
“So he can have a personal cook?” barked Patton.
“The Major’s not asking you, George,” said the gray-haired One Star General, who had flown himself from the Clermont-Ferrand aerodrome.  “I’m honoring Blackjack’s order, allowing ‘no restriction on movement’ and ‘honorable conduct’ as rationale.”
*     *     *
“You’re now based in Marseille,” said Major Carl Van der Bix, to the four young aviators who had started their day gazing at a beautiful Nun, before surviving machinegun strafing across a muddy road, and finished with hot food in an Officers Mess and wearing fresh uniforms issued by the quartermaster.
“Same for Lieutenant Poetry?” asked the blond LT, pointing to the Major’s junior officer.  “He can’t even clean his own uniform.”
“The First Lieutenant will fly as your ranking officer, to do spotting,” responded the Major, putting his hand on a clean Silver Bar pinned on the shoulder of the still-mud-crusted uniform worn by the cameraman who had stood in harm’s way with no weapon, to shoot nine minutes of combat footage that helped determine the direction of enemy forces, and spent hours processing and showing the reel to the Army’s Air Service leadership.
*     *     *
“Are we released, Sir?” asked Sergeant Henry Adams, as Carl entered a tent where his remaining enlisted personnel were using a bucket of water to wash mud from their uniforms.
“Will Johnnie’s family get his stuff?” added the giant who had displayed no panic and had single handedly shot down an enemy plane and chased away another.
“I’ll never abandon a Doughboy, Giant,” said Carl, nodding to the 17-year-old, before pulling orders from a thick envelope.  He handed the first to the giant rifleman.  “I’m keeping all of you.”
“You mean I’m not peeling potatoes?” asked the PFC.
Giant gasped reading his typed order, promoting him to Private First Class and seeking consideration for the Silver Star, as Carl handed another sheet.
“You are now Corporal Rock,” said Major Carl Van der Bix, mispronouncing the name of the cook who stood in his briefs beside his clean-but-wet uniform draped over the tent’s cloths line and next to new boots issued by the Quartermasters corps.
The 25-year-old read the typed order, signed not by Carl, but Bernie Bliss, and witnessed by Colonel Oliver Spaulding, specifically naming John Roccé, of Rutland VT, to serve at any capacity assigned to him by the youngest Major in the U.S. Army.
“It’s even spelled right,” swooned John Roccé.
“Boots and a promotion don’t spare Johnnie’s family,” said Giant. 
“I’ve transferred the LTs to Marseille,” said the Major, returning an unneeded salute from Corporal Roccé.  “Tomorrow, we make another drive to admire Sister Grace.”
Every Doughboy smiled.
“I asked for the Purple Heart,” said Carl, handed his last order to his driver.
“You bumped me to First Sergeant?” said Henry Adams, of Rochester NY.
Chapter 15 – Unspoken Stuff of Legend
“Don’t ask me why the President called it, ‘Law and Order,’” said Larry, into his personal cell phone, for a call with Lori Lewis, as he looked outside his personal office, where a thick line of police were holding Ocean Boulevard, and a cacophony of screaming voices penetrated the unopenable windows of Long Beach City Hall.
“Someone inside The Bunker must’a told him about Blinker Day,” said Lori.
“Maybe he watched Arnold on FOX,” said the dork.  “It’s only on First Reading, though, and the Mayor may ask for it to be shelved.” 
“But c’mon, gassing protesters near the White House?” said Lori, standing alone outside the motel room no longer paid for by the Maine Tourism Board.  “And clearing Lafayette Park to hoist someone’s Bible for a photo op in front of a burnt church?”
“I thought you’re a Reagan Republican,” said the dork, to his best friend.
“My family’s always been Republican, all the way back to Riley Beach voting Lincoln,” said the athlete-and-soldier, watching Bobby McGee walking back to the motel, carrying bags from another breakfast trip to another Denny’s, this time walking alone across the Texas Panhandle.  “And you’re a Bernie person, so, neither of us seems to be winning.”
“How about your real battle?” asked Larry, watching a huge crowd of protesters peacefully marching past the thick line of motionless Long Beach police.
“The major battle’s receding, but a minor skirmish erupted, so I fired the Tourism Board,” said Lori, as the comedian climbed the stairs.  “Gotta go.”
“I fired Arnold,” added the dork.
*     *     *
“Are these eggs from cage-free chickens?” asked Riley, poking his baconless Grand Slam.
“What happens now?” asked December, spreading jam across her buttered bread.
“It’s up to Bobby,” said Lori, to their ally.
“Drop me off at the next protest,” he said, drinking black coffee.  “Cameramen find reasons to shoot.”
*     *     *
“Things feel rough out there since George Floyd, so be careful today,” said Lori, as she helped Bobby hoist his camera from the U-Haul.
“Here,” said December, handing a stack of twenties gotten from the ATM in the lobby.
“Thank you, Mr. McGee,” said Riley, handing the small camera to him.
After the out-of-work comedian walked away, toward a large crowd in Oklahoma City, December looked warmly to her husband, gently kissed her, and hugged their son in a front seat that was no longer crowded.
*     *     *
“Maybe you can tell me about winning five Olympics,” said the eight-year-old.
“She won five medals at the Olympics,” corrected December, hugging her son.
“No one wins a medal,” said the athlete-and-soldier.  “You earn them.”
December stroked Lori’s blonde hair.
“I got lucky to be the strategic reserve, when the London influenza took out the front line,” said Lori, “but the Gill sisters who kept beating me weren’t some privileged English elite.”
“Who?” asked Riley.
“Bella and Jazz Gill are from an Indian family that runs a curry house in Liverpool,” said Lori.  “You don’t get silver spoons when the customers are longshoreman and factory workers.”
“Daddy was the big story,” said December.
*     *     *
Lori Lewis tightly held the common-area phone close to her ear, as she battled the chaos of living among much-younger athletes bouncing about in the close quarters of the London Olympic Village.  
“You being an old soldier is the big story on NPR,” said December.
“We get a laptop, so I’ll listen,” said Lori, staring at athletes and coaches, many of whom were half her age.
“Be careful of that terrible flu, Baby,” added December.
After trading kisses on the phone, Lori ducked into her room and brought up National Public Radio on the laptop bolted to her desk.  She lay down and listened.
“Perhaps not since the great influenza epidemic of 1918 has the flu brought a greater sense of doom to the people of London…. There is not the horrific death toll as followed the Great War, and – like The Blitz – ‘London can take it,’ but public health officials say as many as a quarter of the people in London are sick with this rare late-summer bug.  But ask a Brit, and they’ll say the agony is their ‘best girl’ – Rebecca Adlington, one of the world’s greatest freestyle swimmers – is so hobbled by influenza that Team GB doctors won’t allow her to compete in these London games.  Down a dozen athletes to the flu so far, Brits did gain a pair of reasons to cheer.  Moving Baljinder Gill up to Addington’s number one freestyle slot has meant that Gill’s baby sister, Jazz – who tells everyone she’d rather be swimming the Mersey with her best blokes – also earned the chance to compete for Jolly Old England. And a jolly time it’s been for those fabulous Gill sisters, who’re spinning London water into Gold and Silver.  Only Lori Lewis, of Long Beach California – an army sergeant in her late 30s making her own improbable first Olympic appearance – has proven able to keep up with those amazing Gill sisters.”
*     *     *
“How did you earn five medals?” asked Riley, to a father who had never shared the story, or spent time teaching him sports, as either a fan or competitor, or how to ride a bike or play catch.
“The Gills taught me to never give up,” said Lori, as the U-Haul motored through Oklahoma.
“I won’t ever give up, either, Daddy,” said Riley.
*     *     *
“With Adlington sidelined and the Gill Sisters trading open-water river swims to compete in their first Olympiad, it has been only Lori Lewis who gave England a swim for the Gold.  Absent in women’s freestyle are the American teenagers and 20-somethings who sparkled in Omaha, because now this army sergeant has astounded everyone by showing that old soldiers never surrender.  Lewis originally was on the American team only to swim in the grueling 800 meter freestyle and the 10K open water event, but when so many got knocked out by this London flu, Lori Lewis picked up slots in four freestyle events and the four-by-one-hundred.  England learned that even a green Yank knows the meaning of greatness.  Lewis immediately took Silver in both the 50 and 100, chasing Bella Gill, who scored Gold in each, and her baby sister, Jazz, who took Bronze.”
*     *     *
“Why don’t you ever talk about your medals?” ask December, as her husband stayed focused on driving a U-Haul instead of telling their son one of the family’s most important stories.
“I don’t like thinking about the past,” said Lori, who stays as silent about marriage and parenthood as she does about earning the Presidential Unit Citation for saving lives in Afghanistan.  “I prefer the future, where I’ll spend the rest of my life.”
“For someone who doesn’t look back, you might devote yourself a little more on finding the future you want,” said December, in a tender voice meant to be gentle to a child’s ears, but with stern words any wife would give to a husband wearing blinders.
“Tell me more about London,” urged the eight-year-old.
*     *     *
“T-h-i-s... is London, but unless your name is Gill or you served as a sergeant in the U.S. Army, London has been anything but jolly for the world’s best freestyle swimmers.  Indeed, the only way to stop the London Olympiad from being dominated by Bella and Jazz would involve either swimming with a face mask, or watching a Yank in her 30s swim through every pack – and her own pain – to chase those fabulous Gill Sisters.”
*     *     *
“If the Gill sisters are working class, how did they represent England?” asked December.
“Just because a country is rich doesn’t mean that only the rich go to school or play sports,” said Lori, the NCAA record-breaker who could make it to the 5 am practice only because her best friend drove her each morning.  “The Gill sisters are a fluke who swam with friends in the Mersey, got bored after London, and never competed again.”
“Like you,” sniped December.
“I almost skipped London, but when I re-upped, the Army asked me to compete,” said Lori, with little excitement.  “The military likes familiar faces to help boost recruitment.”
“Isn’t that just a form of advertising?” asked December.
“I’m Army, all the way,” said the athlete who earned the rank of Sergeant First Class after representing America “over there.”
“All the way!” repeated Riley Beach, as he held up DC Comics “Army at War.”
*     *     *
“Before that one American could reach those fabulous Gill sisters, she had her own steep climb.  Sure, she had been one of ‘Pat’s Champs,’ and set records at Woodrow Wilson high school, but that was literally decades ago.  Lori Lewis caught her big break on her swim to London when finalists from regional trials failed a drug sweep.  Lewis, whose job was to fix vehicles for the mechanized infantry, advanced to the nationals, but fidelity to her beloved Army nearly cost her the journey to London.  But the English can cheer the Gill sisters, a pair who entered competitive swimming just two years ago, with an odd dislike for all that comes with competition.  Jazz Gill smiled when she was stripped of her medal in the 800 meters, when officials sanctioned her for openly pushing Lori Lewis to what became a medal-winning performance, despite her obvious agony from pain during that race.  While her name is stripped from the records, Jazz Gill’s own performance in that match-up with Lori Lewis is now the stuff of legend. The Gill sisters are one and two going into the 800s final, Lewis’ best event, but early on, the American showed obvious agony.  Instead of leaving the Californian behind, the Gills turned swimming’s most grueling race into a game of follow-the-leader, with Baljinder Gill leading and Jazz Gill goading Lori Lewis along, with a pack far behind.  In the end, medals got stripped from the Brits by gray-haired judges, and Lewis stood alone, after refusing to look back over her broad shoulders, at her chance for a free climb up the winners’ platform to claim Gold.”
*     *     *
“Why’d you skip endorsements and advertising,” said December.
“Between the Army and us, I’ve had my hands full,” said Lori.
“Can I be in the Army?” asked Riley Beach.
“Ask you mother,” said Lori, whose own family served in every war since the Revolution.
“Can I, Mommy?” asked Riley, immediately.
“That’s a big question, Little One,” said December slowly.  “Let’s talk when you’re older.”
“How much older?” asked the eight-year-old.
“Like, ‘very much’ older,” said the concerned mother.
Riley looked up at each parent, smiled, and inched closer to his dad.
Lori, gazing at her son snuggling up, took one hand off the wheel, and pulled him closer.  December wiped away a tear.
*     *     *
“Are you safe?” asked Larry, staring out his penthouse window of the Villa Rivera to the calm waters of the Pacific Ocean.  “Protests, COVID and stuff.”
“I’m not worried,” said Lori, looking inside the motel window to see December losing a game of chess to Riley.
Chapter 16 – Carry Words of Grace
“Billy Mitchell ordered the Major to round up pilots at the hospital,” said the grim-faced First Sergeant, to the pair of Le Poilu guarding a roadblock leading into Avignon.  “Our Corporal is behind us with the second vehicle.”
“Tell the Major to wear a mask,” said one guard, as the driver shifted the Davidson-Cadillac into first gear.  “The Spanish Flu’s killing lots of people at the hospital.”
“Do I have to wear one, too?” asked Giant.
“When you face an invisible enemy,” replied the Major.
The driver navigated the roadblock, to lead two vehicles toward the walled city.
“Work with Rock to recruit another gunner,” said the Major, swinging open the door.
“Maybe we need the Corporal as the lead gunner on the potato digger,” said the rifleman, promoted after learning the name of his gun.
“You got nominated for the Silver Star because you’re an exemplary gunner, Giant,” said Carl, to a 17-year-old who successfully took down an enemy fighter plane and sent off another.
The two vehicles pulled up to the military hospital in Avignon.
“Say hello to Sister Grace, Major,” said the now-smiling driver. 
*     *     *
“May I join you, gentleman?” said the Major, inside the Advanced Recovery ward, to a dozen AEF pilots, after not being escorted by the most beautiful woman in France.
“Why didn’t you bring Sister Grace?” asked one pilot.
“Like you did yesterday,” added another.
“All you left was news of her name,” added a third.
“Someone heard from someone, who had heard from your LT,” said another.
“She’s in self-quarantine,” said the Major, grimly.
A dozen survivors of the “War To End All Wars” gasped.
“Now we have to fly, before all hope is lost,” cried a recovering combat pilot.
*     *     *
“Apparently, guys kept pulling off Grace’s mask and she caught the Spanish Flu,” said the newly-promoted First LT, balancing the motion picture camera on his shoulder.
“News travels,” said the Major, walking toward the flock of pilots now gathered at the pair of Davidson-Cadillac vehicles.
“Apparently, she’s in her room, writing a letter to her sister in Copenhagen,” said the LT, as he and Carl approached the vehicles.
“How do you learn all this stuff?” asked Carl.
“Poets pay attention to details,” replied the LT.
“Success in a rifleman for the second vehicle,” said the First Sergeant, pointing to another teenager working with Giant to hoist ammunition into the pair of vehicles.
“We’re fueled and got plenty of food,” added Corporal Roccé.
“Thank you, gentlemen,” said the Major, before turning to his junior officer.  “When we deliver these eight pilots to Marseille, you’ll be flying me to Clermont-Ferrand.”
“Yes, Sir!” said the poet, excitedly saluting the chance to finally fly over France.
“And tell the Cardinal when I tour the hospital tomorrow that we can carry the Sister’s letter for personal delivery,” added the Major.
*     *     *
“Coffee, Major,” said Corporal John Roccé, handing a military-issued tin cup.
“Thanks, Rock,” said Carl Van der Bix, staring upward, to a sunrise over France, as two dozen planes launched for morning patrols that he had himself flown all year, until being pulled from the sky a week ago, and ordered to wear a gold leaf on the ground.
“One day,” said the Corporal, watching his Major watch the planes taking off, “the best motion picture ever made is gonna star those wings.”
*     *     *
Carl’s coffee cup had gone cold, and his thoughts drifted.
“You’re crazy, VeeBee,” said Earl Daugherty, as Carl again thought of his best friend’s brand-new Model T motoring across San Pedro.  “Help me build a flying business in Long Beach.”
“The Air Service is the best way to escape the Old Man,” said Carl, as he watched dockworkers toil to raise timber from schooners and struggle to lay them on the docks.
“Fly with me, and we’ll make dreams come true,” said Earl, motoring onto Anaheim Street, the main path crossing Terminal Island.  “The Army’ll kill you.”
*     *     *
“What’re you doing here, Major?” yelled General Bernie Bliss, the gray-haired XO of the Clermont-Ferrand aerodrome, angrily charging across the HQ office.  “Your order is to tour hospitals in the south to round up pilots.”
“I’m requesting lower rank, if needed, for permission to fly again, Sir,” said Carl.
“Instead of gathering pilots in the final days before a major battle, you’ll disregard orders… and take a spotter out of combat… to fly across France… for that?” barked Bernie Bliss.
“I can fly better than command,” said the youngest Major in the U.S. Army.
“And fish can swim,” said Bernie Bliss, in fury.  “I accepted that you broke my order to not get mud on your uniform and that you snatched my best cook, but I refuse to let a Staff Officer openly question his job.”
Carl Van der Bix stood at attention, but as he listened to Bernie Bliss, he instead recalled Earl Daughtery’s warning, that uniforms won’t free him from old bastards.
“In a matter of days, more than a thousand planes will be in the air, so stick to your job,” said the General.  “Or else I’ll take back my cook to feed two waves of infantry.”
Carl saluted and walked toward his First LT, standing at the doorway of the XO’s office.
“If you display dishonorable conduct again, I’ll urge Mitchell to demote you to Private,” hissed the General.  “Lieutenant, get this punk back to Marseille and never let him fly again.”
*     *     *
“Did you collect the letter from Sister Grace?” asked Carl, as the two crossed the grassy field to reach their twin-seat plane.
“Yep and asked Signal Corp to let me dupe the Sister Grace reel,” said the poet, handed an envelope addressed only to Monå Lizé Ullagård, of the Danish Royal Ballet.
“I’ll fly them up myself,” said Carl, “if it’s the last thing I do.”
Chapter 17 – The Baptism of Fire
About the Battle of Saint-Mihiel… On September 12th 1918, General John J. Pershing sent more than 200,000 Doughboys of the American Expeditionary Force and 48,000 French Colonials into the Battle of Saint-Mihiel, which became the first time that Americans had led Allied forces, and that there had been an offensive attack against the Kaiser on the Western Front.  The Germans had first seized Saint-Mihiel – a natural fortress, near Sedan – at the start of the war, in 1914, and held the strategic bulge throughout the war, by pouring huge resources to build five trenches, with machinegun nests, enormous belts of barbed wire, and concrete dugouts.  In the days before the assault, Pershing had tricked the Germans with “fake news” into believing an attack would happen elsewhere, and so as the battle began, on September 12th, German Quartermaster General Erich Ludendorff already had been evacuating troops from the salient to fight elsewhere.  Pershing – like Napoleon – is a commander who pays absolute attention to every detail.  The Allies held a 3-to-1 advantage on infantry, 5-to-1 on artillery, and – with 1,400 planes – a 7-to-1 advantage in the air.  The AEF’s First Army – created only a month earlier – rapidly constructed 15 miles of road by pouring 100,000 tons of crumbled rock and laid 45 miles of standard-gauge and 250 miles of light-guard railway to move forces across a 20 mile front.  The AEF had 3,000 big guns, and 40,000 tons of ammunition.  The battle began by firing 100,000 shells of phosgene gas, incapacitating thousands of Germans.  In a matter of just days, Allied forces had seized more than 500 square KM, clearing the salient, and taking control of the region’s strategic railways.  The Allied forces suffered 7,000 casualties, and had to deal with serious communications problems, and the sluggish movement of support teams carrying food, clothing, and gasoline through heavy rain and mud.  While most Germans escaped because a planned encirclement didn’t happen, 4000 were killed or wounded, and another 16,000 taken prisoner.  One Doughboy – First Sergeant Harry Adams, of Rochester NY – managed himself to capture hundreds, when he chased a single German soldier into a house and fired his last two bullets into the door, demanding the Boche surrender.  With no ammo in his pistol, he showed spunk that brought out one German soldier, then another, and more, until Adams captured a Lieutenant Colonel, 18 staff officers, and 355 soldiers.  Back to the story….
*     *     *
“Your little flight to Bliss sets a record!” yelled Colonel Oliver Spaulding, standing next to a pool table inside the nearly-empty Officers Lounge of the Marseille aerodrome.  “You’re being stripped of the rank of Major, after exactly one week.”
Carl Van der Bix remained at attention, but said nothing, as the man who had been his commanding officer between September 3rd and the 10th kicked the pool table.
“Your unit is dissolved,” growled the Bird Colonel.  “The LT goes to Signal Corp, Bliss gets his cook, and the First Sergeant and riflemen get sent to the 353rd Infantry.”
*     *     *
“Thanks for letting me fly, Major,” said the poet-turned-cameraman, who would be flying, but was no longer Carl’s junior officer, as they crossed the grassy field.
“It’s Captain, again,” said Carl, to the 1st LT.  “Hope your poems get published.”
“The Signal Corp told me ‘In Flanders Fields’ might appear in ‘The Fly Paper,’ whatever that means,” said the poet, about a newspaper no one had yet seen, but which would soon become the most popular weekly paper for Army aviators, that included news, art, gossip, comics, sports and poetry.
*     *     *
Three dozen pilots – half of whom Carl recruited in a week – filled the staff room, awaited the pre-dawn briefing for September 12th flights.
Carl – after his first solid night of sleep in nearly two weeks – sat down.
“What happened to his Gold Leaf?” yawned the red-haired pilot that Carl had rounded up days ago, when he toured the military hospital in Avignon.
“Someone told me that he got sacked and the unit dissolved,” snickered the blond, drinking coffee.
“Don’t mess with him,” said the red-head.  “He still outranks us.”
“Anyone who got time alone with Sister Grace outranks us,” added another pilot who Carl had gotten drunk with, on the broken bridge outside of Avignon.
Every pilot jumped to attention when several Staff Officers entered.
“It’s D-Day, gentlemen,” said a Bird Colonel, making the Battle of Saint-Mihiel the first use of the phrase, before pointing to another Staff Officer.
“Visibility: Heavy driving wind and rain during parts of day and night,” said a silver-haired Major, reading the weather report.  “Roads: Very muddy.”
“You’re flying across the southern front of the salient,” said a Lt. Colonel, telling everyone to study the map that he tacked to the wall.
Dozens of pilots – all in their early 20s – jammed together to quickly view the hand-scrawled map, showing the 20-mile front that was shaped like the letter “L.”
“Fly to the bottom right to support the 1st Corps,” said the Bird Colonel, using a broomstick.  “If you’re pushed west toward that mountain, you’re over the 4th Corp, and if you cross the peak, it’s the 2nd French Colonials.”
“Don’t hold back,” added the Lt. Colonel.  “This is the first-ever strategic assault from the sky, so let’s show ’em what the Army Air Service can do.”
*     *     *
The gray sky dumped rain onto the Marseille aerodrome, as support teams wheeled single-seat French-built pursuit planes onto the wet field, and began starting engines, while pilots gathered in hangers for orders and encouragement from their Captains and Majors.
“Are we flying together, Sir?” asked the red-head, as rain blew into the hanger.
“You’re flying and I’m shooting film,” said Carl, pointing to a line of French-built Salmson reconnaissance planes, engines idling.
*     *     *
Carl climbed onto the bottom strut, over the fuselage and into the front cockpit, of the French plane, and watched as a straight line of 30 pursuit planes rapidly launched, seconds apart, to flock into formations of three, five, or seven birds of prey.
After another line sent up 30 more single-seat pursuit planes, the red-headed pilot gave the thumb’s up to Carl, who flashed his own thumbs up to the ground crew, as the plane sped across the wet field, to join a flock that would report on enemy forces, and what’s happening with Doughboys and French Colonials in the Battle of Saint-Mihiel.
Captain Carl Van der Bix felt free, and traded a smile with his pilot, as the plane joined one of the many formations from the Marseille aerodrome flocking northward, as spotters along the southern edge of the Western Front, and flying toward the salient.  Soaked with rain, no longer wearing the leaf of a Staff Officer, Carl looked ahead, but his thoughts flashed back, to years ago, barnstorming across Long Beach California.
*     *     *
No longer a teenager – but only barely – Carl, at 20, sat beside his best friend, each wearing wind goggles that made one another look like owls.  Carl gave a smiling thumbs up, and Earl Daugherty revved the biplane that he had gotten as a gift from his father, and rolled across the shoreline outside Earl Apartments, to climb into the wild blue yonder of the California sunshine.
*     *     *
Now happily demoted to Captain, Carl – drenched by the heavy rains over France – scanned all directions from his cockpit of the reconnaissance biplane, to spot thousands of AEF infantry following scores of tanks moving rapidly into a field fortified by enormous belts of barbed wire and protected by a series of trenches, concrete dugouts and steel machinegun nests, for the first battle led by America’s Doughboys.
*     *     *
“We’ll test for the license to fly next month,” shouted Earl, as the biplane climbed upward, over sunny Long Beach, and flew toward a hill covered by derricks that they could barely see through a black cloud so dense that oil tycoons would incorporate their own town – Signal Hill – so that the moguls wouldn’t have to deal with complains about soot from the Iowan conservatives who ran Long Beach.
“We’re not supposed to be up here,” yelled Carl, looking down to see a long line of workers marching out of Wrigley, to climb Hill Street, toward the cloud of black soot, to reach the jobs that paid the price for the morning’s maple syrup, and which poured mounds of money into the hands of the Old Man, whose development of Wrigley area housing made the Van der Bix family rich.
“Well, I don’t know about you,” replied Earl, breaking a law about who could be in the air, “but flying and marriage are my purpose in life, in that order.”
*     *     *
Drenched in rain, Captain Carl Van der Bix cranked the camera mounted onto the French Salmson plane, and began shooting footage.  Doughboys charged through tattered barbed wire that had been blown apart by cannon fire and now got rolled upon by tanks.  Foot soldiers fired rifles at close range, jammed bayonets and leapt into hand-to-hand combat so brutal that German forces abandoned the first trench in a rapid retreat, while Doughboys had to leave Americans on the ground for medics to carry away.
“We own the sky,” yelled the red-head, cutting low to buzz alongside a pair of pursuit planes that were machine-gunning retreating Boche, as more than 1,400 planes dominated the 20-mile front, in the largest air battle of the Great War.
*     *     *
“My only purpose is to escape,” yelled the 20-year-old Carl, as his best friend flew over the shoreline of sunny Long Beach.
“You can’t escape life!” yelled Earl Daugherty.  “You have to find it!”
*     *     *
“Fly close to the supply units!” yelled Captain Carl Van der Bix, shaking rain from his face as he aimed the camera of the French Salmson plane, to capture film of food wagons and gasoline trucks stuck in the mud, unable to feed and fuel combat forces.
*     *     *
“Don’t escape!” yelled Earl Daugherty, hugging the shore when flying past dockworkers unloading lumber.  “Live!”
*     *     *
“Get the plane fueled!” shouted the Captain, to the red-headed pilot, as the observation plane landed at a forward base near the salient, and Carl jumped out, to deliver reels of raw stock.
*     *     *
“The things I can do… are things I don’t wanna do!” yelled Carl, as Earl flew over a municipal water tower, as Long Beach was one of the only towns in southern California with their own reliable source of ground water.
“All you do is hate!” yelled Earl, piloting a plane he wasn’t yet licensed to fly.  “Find someone to love!  Do something you love!  Stop hating life!”
*     *     *
The Captain and his red-headed LT sent their observation plane upward, back into the heavy rain, to join a formation of pursuit planes, several flown by pilots who Carl had recruited in a hospital best known as the place where Sister Grace had saved their souls.  The red-head waved to the blond, piloting directly across, who gave a thumbs-up back.  Approaching the front, every plane took an identical turn to plunge a thousand feet, as Carl filmed the flock diving to defend Doughboys chasing the Boche.
*     *     *
“I’m gonna build a flying school and get married,” said Earl, killing the engine, and the two 20-year-olds hopped off the lower strut, onto the beach sand in front of the Earl Apartments, a huge building of luxury units that his father had developed.  “Someday I’ll meet her, and I don’t need to look, because flying will decide everything.”
“I’ll take the federal test with you,” said Carl.
“That’s great, Champion!” smiled Earl Daugherty, hugged his best friend tightly.  “And I’m gonna find me a wife and love her forever and be happy, dang it!”
“I’d settle with the license,” said Carl.
*     *     *
“We’re succeeding too fast!” growled General Bernie Bliss, as a projectionist rolled footage that Carl and others had shot.
“That’s Rock!” burst Carl, spotting the cook who earned the rank of Corporal in the five days he had spent staffing the youngest Major in the Army.
“Infantry’s moving too far, too fast!” repeated Bliss.  “Food and fuel and communications are stuck in the fucking mud!”
*     *     *
“Long Beach has everything,” said Earl, driving his Ford Model T, passing crowds of smiling pedestrians walking on Ocean Blvd as though to display themselves on a promenade, in a town with seven miles of beachfront, its own water supply, the Buffalo Pictures movie studio, the navy’s Pacific Fleet, the nation’s second monument honoring Abraham Lincoln, and a pleasure zone out-visited only by Coney Island.  “Shoot movies at Buffalo Pictures and work for Fatty Arbuckle!”
*     *     *
“Stay low!” yelled the Captain, shooting footage, as the red-head kept the plane so close to the ground that Carl could recognize the First Sergeant who marched hundreds of prisoners across the captured streets of Sedan, in a final push of the Battle of Saint-Mihiel that cleared 500 kilometers to seize the salient, gain control of the strategic railway links, take 16,000 prisoners, and stun the German High Command, which melted under unrelenting forward assaults by the Allies, until, just two months later, the Kaiser fled, and generals negotiated in John Pershing’s railway car, to sign an Armistice that ended the Great War, and silenced the guns, at 11 o’clock on the 11th day of that 11th month.
Reel Two – Duxter
Chapter 18 – This Really Old House
“Are you sure this is our new house?” asked Riley Lewis Carrera Beach, as his parents gawked over the threshold, at the dilapidated lobby of an abandoned hotel, originally used to house workers building ships during the Great War, and saw only chipped paint, splintered wood, a hobbling check-in counter, and thick soot coating a fireplace large enough for an adults to stand in.  The eight-year-old lifted his ornate key, to test if it fit the front door of the hotel, only to cause the knob to fall off.
“Certainly, there is no mortgage, and neighbors are delighted about your arrival,” said a representative from the Maine Tourism Board.
“This is winning?” asked December, staring to the lobby check-in counter, at the unsigned contract for the home she won with an essay about love, marriage and devotion.
“People weren’t sure about all those videos, but neighbors help each other here,” said the Chair of the town’s Select Board.  “Everyone knows someone who stayed here.”
“Not what you call a bed-&-breakfast,” grumbled Lori, kicking the hobbling check-in counter, only to have one of its legs snap off.
“I’m sure everyone you meet at the Midsummer’s Eve Bonfire will help you to fix this old house,” added the representative from the Chamber of Commerce.
*     *     *
“How could you sign that contract?” growled Lori, as she and her wife walked their son toward the schoolhouse, in eyesight of their new home, but very far away for anyone from California facing the snowy days and thunderous nights of Maine.
“We have a lake,” observed the eight-year-old, pointing to Three Keys Pond, a trio of small lakes linked by a wide creek.  “Maybe you can teach me to swim there?”
Lori said nothing, but held hands with her wife and son, as they approached the single-room schoolhouse, to register Riley.
*     *     *
“You must be the winners,” stated the waitress, in the only café on Main Street.
“Can’t say it’s a victory,” said Lori, as she looked at an enormous bearded man in his 50s, who was staring at the two women and their child.
“How come everyone’s looking?” asked Riley.
December, nervously smiling, turned her eyes downward, to escape into a menu.
*     *     *
“At least the lights are on,” perked December, as the three carried boxes from the U-Haul, to erect a fort in the empty hotel lobby.  “Gas, electricity, water all work.”
“Let’s leave the big stuff in the truck,” said Lori, giving Riley a tender hug after he struggled to finish a fort taller than himself.  “We may just turn around tomorrow.”
“Can we?” asked the child, as Maine settled into the sound of thunder and a pitch black summer evening.
“I signed a contract,” said December.
“There’s a release clause for mutual agreement to end the contract,” said Lori.
“Husbands read contracts?” asked the wife.
*     *     *
“Look!  A snowy owl!” shouted Riley, as he pointed to a tree outside the window, as his mother flipped pancakes from the cast iron skillet on the gas stove big enough for a large restaurant.
“It huge!” said December, perfectly flipping the pancake and motioning to the ancient refrigerator.  “More butter, please.”
“It’s the biggest owl and the only one that hunts during the day,” said the child, opening the fridge, which only held milk, eggs, flour, syrup, fruit, bread, butter, and juice, all purchased from the café.
“How do you know all that?” playfully asked the mother.
“I’m green, like Duxter,” proudly announced the child, with absolute certainty.  “The zoologist solved a crime after a snowy owl – or Bubo scandiacus – attacked the killer and so the blood that Duxter found gave the DNA to find the criminal.”
“That’s just a TV show, Little One,” said December, lifting the pancake to a plate, adding butter onto the skillet, and pouring batter for another pancake.
“The Snowy Owl… or Arctic… or White Owl… is very distinct,” said the child.  “They’re the only owl with mostly white plumage, which must be why they’re snowy.”
“What’s that about owls?” asked Lori, entering with two bags of groceries.
“Little One learned it from a TV show,” said December, pointing to a large white bird peering from the tree just outside the kitchen window.
“Wow!” said Lori, looking up to the yellow-eyed bird.
“Duxter only taught me to learn more,” said Riley, defending his own knowledge.  “I’ve read lots about birds, because maybe I’ll be a zoologist, too.”
*     *     *
“What do zoologists do?” asked Lori, as they sat for breakfast at the only table in the house – a long table with twenty matching chairs that filled the massive dining room, but which suffered from age, and lost any glow – to eat a meal of toast, pancakes, fruit, butter, syrup, scrambled eggs, milk, and orange juice.
“They learn about nature and animals and why humans aren’t alone in the world,” said the eight-year-old, “and zoologists learn that love means caring about the planet.”
December wiped away a tear, as Lori looked confused.
“But I thought you read all those Sgt. Rock comic books and asked me about being a soldier, because you’re interested in the Army,” said the soldier, to her son.
“Only because you are,” said the son, to his father.  “Why do you love the Army?”
“Oh, uh,” started Lori, picking through thoughts, “well, because I love this nation, and I believe in freedom, and honor, and devotion.”
“School, Little One,” said December, again wiping away tears, perhaps not for her husband’s exact answer, but for the spirit by which she had delivered the words.
*     *     *
“Thank you for bringing Riley for his first day of class,” said Christine Tosche, the only teacher, with a dozen students, who ranged from Kindergarten to 8th grade, in the warm and embracing single-room schoolhouse, with a small library and one computer.
*     *     *
“We can probably bring everything inside,” said Lori, after she and her wife left the school, and walked the short distance home.  “Gotta return the U-Haul.”
December smiled, held her husband’s hand, and gazed at the forest surrounding them and the three small lakes joined by a creek.
*     *     *
“Need help?” asked the enormous bearded man in his 50s, who the night before had stared at the new arrivals at the café.
“No,” struggled Lori, barely managing to angle a refrigerator so as to slide it from the edge of the U-Haul, but who didn’t argue when the giant rushed to make sure the fridge didn’t fall onto the ground and kill his new neighbor.  When the pair managed to lower the fridge, they lashed it to the U-Haul’s dolly, and walked it to the front door, where one shoved and the other pulled the dolly across three steps and into the hotel.
“Glad I could help,” said the man, after working together to move all of the other large items to empty the U-Haul.
“I’m Lori Lewis,” she said, wiping her fingers, to shake hands.
“Everyone calls me Bear,” said the giant, pointing toward the pond and forest.  “I’m the last house, by the dock, but mostly I’m at Armistice Coffee, if you need help.”  The huge man looked around at the dire condition of the century-old Harbor House Inn.  “You know….  Just in case.”
*     *     *
“What a cute library and post office,” said December, walking inside, with mail.  “A postcard from Bobby.”  She looked around the lobby, which was now furnished, including a well-maintained couch given by the enormous bearded man who helped move things in, and had told Lori about his own family who spent every summer in the hotel, decades ago.  “Whoa.”
“There’s a helpful bear living near the woods,” said Lori.
December showed a postcard, with a tourist shot of the Gateway Arch, that read, “West side is righteous… East is uptight… Protesters believe in The Struggle… Hope the Harbor House is a dream come true.  Do ur Maine thing!  PS… Got a Hollywood gig… PPS… Paper Bag?  No, I use email.”
*     *     *
Riley Beach, done with his first day of class, explored the plants, soil and rocks alongside Three Keys Pond, as Lori Lewis handed her ankle-length thickly-cotton-lined windbreaker to her wife, December Carrera, as the two stood at the end of a small dock, lined with half-a-dozen rowboats, close by to a shack bearing a hand-carved sign for “The Barracks.”  The Olympian dived into the June waters of Maine.
Chapter 19 – Parrots and Pastrami, With a Side of Privilege
“It will be like a fantastic wedding!” cooed Arnold Spankergrüber, over Zoom.  “Old, new, borrowed, blue… all that shit.”
Jeanine Harper held her lips together tightly, and stared at the boss she had quit her favorite gig to work for, and who displayed no awareness of how his own insanity was unveiling itself through a five-person conference call.
“If you don’t wish to continue with the show,” said Tom Pranks, in the Zoom call, “you can certainly waive future involvement, by following the Release Clause.”
“The next silent film star is on,” said Jon Stuart, as Dexter Green – the obscure actor specifically recruited for “Duxter,” a quirky rip-off TV series, because his actual name could help steal ratings from the original quirky hit show – entered Zoom.
Jeanine’s eyes widened, as she had taken her job with the Councilman by leaving her gig on “Duxter,” which was to get signatures for authorization from Long Beach residents to have scenes shot in their neighborhoods.
“We’re still bargaining details, but he’s got time for another hit,” chuckled Arnold, “and he brings fantastic ratings.”
*     *     *
“I’m not a lawyer, so I can’t advise you on a contract you already signed,” said Jeanine, after the Zoom call ended, “but to waive future involvement, the Release Clause states that you will give one million dollars to end your participation.”
“What?” shrieked the Dork-in-Chief, putting down the free red pen that Arnold had used to scrawl Larry’s name onto a winning Mega Millions lottery ticket.
“Don’t you read things you sign?” asked the Chief of Staff.
“I thought you did,” said Larry.
“I’m not your fricken lawyer,” repeated the Councilman’s chief deputy.
“So… if I hand a million dollars… to be done… do you think that’s a good thing, to show better priorities?” asked the rich bonehead, attempting – like a Priest battling The Devil, for a Hollywood film – to exorcise the privilege of his own absolute inability to understand what privileges provide, or how to properly move through life without spinning his head by committing some embarrassing or criminal or offensive deed.
“I’m not a fricken lawyer,” repeated Jeanine.
“Maybe as a friend?” begged the dork.
“You don’t even know I’m a widow now, so how could I answer as a friend?” replied the Chief of Staff.
“I knew that,” said Larry, seeking praise for little things.  “Maryann told me.”
The desk phone buzzed, but the Councilman showed little awareness that he was supposed to answer it, as it seemed that the ocean was where he needed to look.
“Who is it, Maryann?” asked Jeanine, scowling as the dork floated to his window.  “Wait, who?  Dexter…!  Dexter Green?”  Seeing that her boss was still on his own cloud, the Chief of Staff took line two.  “The Councilman’s office.”
Larry stared out the window, at boats floating on the water.
“He’s a little busy,” added Jeanine, whose eyes scowled less as the call continued.  “That’s so kind, that you say you’re calling to speak with me.”  Jeanine stopped looking at her boss, and the scowl became curiosity.  “Thank you for remembering my name.”  Curiosity became surprise.  “You remember conversations we had at scenes I arranged?”  With Larry showing no awareness that his Chief was melting, Jeanine’s voice went low, slower, and warmer.  “Of course, I didn’t have to bring you coffee or talk about parrots.”  Jeanine glanced up, to see that her boss was still in another world.  “Of course, I would.”  The call continued another minute, at the end of which Jeanine herself floated on a cloud.
*     *     *
“Mr. Green wanted you to have his cell phone number and email address,” said Maryann Moore – the dork’s press secretary who tripled as scheduler and office manager – handing an “Important Message” to Jeanine, as the Chief of Staff floated out of the Councilman’s office.  “He told me, ‘It’s really important’ that I give it to you.”
“Yeh,” purred the Chief of Staff, saying little, beyond thanking Maryann.
“Didn’t you work on his show for five years?” asked Maryann, as Jeanine seemed lost in another world.
“Oh, uh…, yeh,” said Jeanine.  “Did I ever talk about that?”
“When you interviewed me last year,” said Maryann, attempting to gain access to Jeanine’s eyes, “you talked about how important the gig with ‘Duxter’ had been, and that even though you accepted the Councilman’s offer, for better money and predictability, nothing lessened your belief in what you accomplished with the show.”
Jeanine Harper nodded.
“I didn’t write it on the message,” added Maryann, pointing to the Staples™ pad with carbon copies of phone messages, “but you can call anytime.”
Jeanine blushed.
*     *     *
“Considering how crazy things are, with COVID and BLM protests, maybe it’s good to be doing your Maine thing,” said the dork, sprawled across a couch that he bought online and had delivered from IKEA, to squeeze into his City Hall office.  “Sounds like a good start.”
“Lots of bird watching and swimming,” said Lori, over speaker, “and the kid likes Miss Tosche.”
The Chief of Staff politely entered.  “All four are waiting at Modica’s.”
“Say ‘hi’ to December,” said Larry.  “Gotta argue a contract.”
*     *     *
Larry and Jeanine strolled from City Hall, with a flock of parrots circling and squawking overhead, as though to navigate their half-mile journey.
A century earlier, wealthy Long Beach residents had imported or smuggled large numbers of the talkative species, and many escaped, to breed a growing wild flock, until they became a common sound along the coast, from Belmont Shore to downtown.
“So just back me up when I tell them I had signed without reading everything,” said Larry, as they walked past a group of protesters peaceful marching on Ocean Blvd with signs demanding justice.  “I’m sure they’ll let me erase my signature.”
“I’m not a lawyer,” said Jeanine, nodding support to protesters, as the two approached Linden Street.  With outdoor seating at the popular Italian deli being full, and with no Hollywood stars on display, they checked their phones for messages.
“Over here!” came a loud whisper, hidden behind a huge mask, huge sunglasses, and huge Stetson hat, and a copy of the town’s newspaper, to exercise the privilege of believing that famous people must hide in plain sight.
Larry and Jeanine approached Arnold Spankergrüber and Tom Pranks, each using the current edition of the Grunion Gazette – the town’s most popular paper – to hide.
Two of the parrots who had helped navigate the walk now roosted on a branch next to the deli.
“Why aren’t we eating over there?” hissed Arnold, pointing across the street, to Club 565, the most expensive and exclusive restaurant in Long Beach.
“I wanted pastrami,” replied the Councilman.
Coming out of Modica’s, Jon Stuart, in jeans and his NYFD tee-shirt, smiled, and showed no effort to hide.  “Good choice on food,” said the man from New York.
“The parrots!” squawked a zoologist-turned-actor, as Dexter Green followed Jon.  Pointing upward, to the pair of birds on the nearby tree, he smiled warmly to Jeanine.
The Chief of Staff glowed.
“I’m really sorry to hear that COVID took your husband away six weeks ago,” said Dexter, awkwardly.
While Jeanine may have known how to reply, she couldn’t do so.
“Wanna split some pastrami?” asked the actor, who himself accepted the role as a Hollywood zoologist after teaching high school science, thus checking the two boxes needed to get the contract for the leading role on the quirky rip-off show.
As the two parrots on the nearby tree flew off, the pair of could-be love birds flew into Modica’s, to order perhaps the greatest pastrami west of the Mississippi River.
“How does he know about her husband?” asked Arnold, to no one in particular.
“New stars must engage with fans at the grass roots level,” explained Tom.
“It’s a little more basic,” said Jon.
Arnold exercised the privilege of not responding to the thoughts of others, so as to announce what he considered to be an astute observation.  “She is so very ‘Super Cute.’”
Each star nodded, and two continued reading the Grunion Gazette, in their attempt to hide in plain view.
*     *     *
Jeanine Harper and Dexter Green – seated together – made headway on splitting a 16-inch pastrami sandwich, while two Hollywood stars ate little, to instead watch a dork Councilman and the former Governor of California debate over million dollar details.
“Actually, I didn’t even bring it, because I couldn’t find that unsigned contract,” said Larry, making an inept wink to his Chief of Staff.
“We watched you on Zoom use the pen that I gave you to sign it,” replied Arnold.
“I was just testing the pen on a blank sheet of paper,” said Larry, who again tried to pull Jeanine to his defense.  “I don’t even know where it is.”
The Chief of Staff flipped her legal pad, to produce the contract for the show, “Giddy Up Little Horsey.”
“Well, okay, that must me testing the pen,” nervously chuckled the dork.
The Governor smiled to Jeanine, and accepted the handover of a contract, signed with red ink, as she and the zoologist focused completely on eating pastrami together.
“But I don’t want to be in this show anymore,” said Larry, as he watched Arnold Spankergrüber add his own signature.
“Then enjoy your million dollar pen,” said the former Governor.
*     *     *
“How could you hand over a mistakenly signed contract?” howled the dork, as the two walked across Ocean Blvd, to return to City Hall.
“Hiding your documents could result in me getting sued,” said Jeanine Harper.  “People like Arnold, or the President, pay big retainer fees to really aggressive lawyers, who file lawsuits against single-working widows with kids.”
“I needed you on my side,” said Larry.
“What’s the big deal?” replied Jeanine.  “You’re rich.”
*     *     *
“Did you get any calls about the Release Clause of a contract?” asked Larry, again sprawled on his new couch, in his personal City Hall office, where he seemed to do very little actual work.
“December already signed it for ownership of the hotel,” said Lori, over speaker.  “But things aren’t looking sour.”
“I mean, something else,” said the dork, mysteriously.
“No idea what you’re talking about,” said Lori.  “Gotta go bird watching.”
Chapter 20 – Something Old
“Fantastic!” said Arnold Spankergrüber, in the foyer of the Van der Bix mansion, examining a cold and lonely alabaster work of art, of the sister of Grace, a status commissioned by a King, and delivered to her husband, whose dreams had been brought to his doorstep, but a airplane’s crash, and a solitary return to the King, and leaving one’s only child in the hands of an Old Man, broken hearts just lie there, and they die there.  “Looks like Thorvaldsen shit… definitely something old… must be a rip-off.”
“My family’s not fake!” growled Larry.  “That’s my great-grandmother!”
A cameraman edged Larry, for a close up of the sculpture, as Three Caballeros gawked at the ornate foyer of the mansion built a century earlier to lure a dancer from her ancestral homeland, for a new life in the fledgling beachfront town, of Long Beach.
*     *     *
“Even when my feet bled, what the King gives is special,” said Monå Lizé, with that strangeness of her smile, as a team of sweating workers struggled to hoist her statue up steep walls.  No longer in a shattered Europe, or the Ballet her family had served, Monå Lizé left her lonely winters for a Doughboy’s privilege, lured by that single reel with her sister, trading her past for a dance room and Victrola with Caruso playing to all.
When workers finally pried the crate, California sunshine bathed the alabaster sculpture commissioned by King Christian Xth, and the aviator who had briefly been the youngest Major in the United States Army melted, at the depiction of his bride, with a mystical smile identical to Grace, whose lightness and warmth lifted the souls of Avignon.
The ballerina reached into the crate, and brought out another Flag for her soldier.  “Your own precious gift helped me to understand love and devotion,” said Monå Lizé.  She unwrapping a red-and-white flag, used to protect the tin can that held a single reel of 16mm film that showed Major Carl Van der Bix in Avignon France, and which provided Monå Lizé with the only adult image she had of her sister, Grace, who had left Copenhagen as a teen, to devote herself to Christ, as a Nun, rather than dance for a King.  “That you could give this to me revealed your own devotion.”
*     *     *
“That’s a 48-Star Flag,” observed Tom Pranks, looking upward, to a triangular case displaying the American Flag, next to the Dannebrog given by a King to his favorite toy when she left for California.  “America did a lot of Flags for the war.”
“Probably made in China,” said Arnold.
“That’s from General Pershing!” said Larry.
“What’s that reel?” asked Jon Stuart, of a tin can protected by shadows of Flags.
“More important family stuff,” said Larry, quickly, to avoid being cut off.
“Take a note,” said Arnold, to the cameraman.  “16mm projector… home movie.”
“Aren’t we shooting this stupid show in Maine?” asked Larry, with no aide to take his own notes, as Jeanine was in the front room with Dexter Green.  “I need a vacation.”
“That’s yesterday’s script,” said Arnold, as Tom and Jon paid respect to the Flags.  “We need action, action, action to come up with something fantastic.”
From another room, from another time, the voice of a great performer passionately struggled with English lyrics in his effort to earn world fame, before any Great War erupted.
Shadows are falling and I sit alone
My heart recalling
Memories when you were my own 
“Fantastic!” said Arnold, entering the performance room, to see a zoologist and a political staffer giggling while making an awkward attempt to guess how people danced a century ago.
Once more you press me
two lips I adore
Once more caress me
As they did before
“Definitely old,” said Arnold, as the cameraman politely shot footage of the dancers.  “Take a note…  old song, title and artist.”
“But what do we do with that?” asked Tom, glancing at the Victrola, and a stack of discs resting on a small table next to it.
Dreams, just dreams of long ago
Dreams of days that we both know
Time can never change the past
Your mine in dreams until the last
“Just look over there,” said Jon, as Dexter and Jeanine danced across time and space.
Summer’s gone and life grown cold
Still in dreams you’re mine of old
Hearts may break, but you can’t take
Those golden dreams of long ago
“Boy meets girl,” said each of the Three Caballeros.
Chapter 21 – Great? Or a Piece of Sh_t?
“Maryann, bring in The Box,” said Jeanine Harper, from the Councilman’s phone, as the Dork-in-Chief looked perplexed by the thick binder containing the Agenda and backup material for the June 16th meeting of the Long Beach City Council.
The Press-Secretary-slash-Scheduler-slash-Office-Manager brought in a large box filled with letters, postcards, and signed copies of a printed petition, in response to the Councilman’s idea, which had become known as the “Arnold Spankergrüber ordinance.”
“We tabled Blinker Day,” said Larry, seeing the item as new business on the Agenda.
“The Mayor added a Motion to Reconsider the tabling of Blinker Day to meet the request of four Council Members, who wish to kill any consideration of the motion,” said the Chief of Staff.  “In addition to the mail, we’ve gotten hundreds of emails, mostly opposed… and mostly angry.”
“It’s just says, ‘Use ’em,’” sniveled the dork.
“And who will be telling whom?” asked Jeanine.  “And how?”
The Councilman appeared unable to figure out who is “who,” and who is “whom,” or to answer what is “how.”
“We’ll know tonight, won’t we,” said Jeanine, leaving constituent comments on the desk.  “My kid will get class credit for observing the meeting, because I can’t leave her at home alone, since it apparently will go long tonight.”
*     *     *
“You have to tell everyone it’s not your own ordinance and that no one should be mad,” cried Larry, over a Zoom call with the Three Caballeros.
“Nobody owns a good idea,” replied the former Governor of California, “but I can show up for some song and dance, just because I like you.”
“Please understand that his appearance does not imply any quid pro quo,” said Tom Pranks, providing cover from any perception of trading legislative action for personal gain.
“Heaven forbid,” added Jon Stuart, drawing a line between the Zoom chat and, say, perhaps a “perfect call” between the presidents of the United States and Ukraine.  “Did we ask for favors?”
Jeanine Harper looked up from her notes, to see if her own boss understood quid pro quo.
*     *     *
“What’s all that pounding?” asked Larry, sitting with his cell phone on the couch next to the Victrola, in the front room of the Van der Bix estate’s penthouse.
“Me and Riley are working on the dining room with Bear,” said Lori, over speaker.  “What’s the music?”
“Just a 78rpm,” said Larry, of “Dreams of Long Ago,” by Enrico Caruso and Earl Carroll.  “I’m trying to escape for a few hours before everyone yells at me tonight.”
“Hey, you didn’t have to give me all that money, but thanks,” said Lori, as a small and a large hammer pounded nails to replace rotted wood with fresh timber.  “I’m giving a bunch to Bear, for his Monument House.”
“Someone gave me a winning ticket,” said the dork.  “You donated a car to a radio station.”
“Your numbers comes in,” said the soldier, calling from Maine, but echoing with Nebraska.  “We ain’t ever gonna ride in no used car again.”
*     *     *
“Remember,” whispered Chief of Staff Jeanine Harper, to her terrified boss, as the dork looked to the audience attending the June 16th council meeting, in the huge tent used to conduct business during the COVID pandemic.  “You cannot be called stupid for what you don’t say.”
Television crews from every major network and the local stations set up cameras on one end of the tent, to shoot footage over the large audience and still be able to zoom to capture the dais.  Print and radio reporters held cell phones ready, as photographers knelt in front of the dais.
“The Clerk will please read the next Item,” said Mayor Tony Kim, rapping the gavel to quiet a full audience under the tent on socially-distanced chairs and a massive crowd beyond.
Jeanine went to the line of political aides and City staff standing behind the Members, to be next to her daughter, who had been given a chair to join her mother and observe the meeting. 
“Item 20,” read the Clerk, to hisses and cheers, “creates an annual ‘Blinker Day,’ by which the City shall encourage use of turn signals.”
Two protesters sitting in the front row stood, at a social distance, with a banner that read, “Police Pull-Overs = Certain Death,” as hundreds outside the tent demanded justice.
“Thank you for speaking your truth,” said Mayor Kim, tapping his gavel politely, as the protesters sat, holding the poster between them.  “Very many people wish their voices heard… and everyone shall be heard… with no concern over the length of tonight’s meeting.”
Masked protesters and counter-protesters hooted and cheered, waving signs while still maintaining socially distant.
“I move that the Council reconsider the reconsideration of Blinker Day,” said one Member, who was quickly followed by a second.  The Mayor, stating that he saw no objection, granted the consideration of whether to consider the ordinance originally proposed by Councilman Van der Bix.
“I move to waive the staff report,” said another Member of Council, which drew a second.
The Mayor looked directly at Larry Van der Bix, who nervously looked downward.  “Seeing no objection, Members will please cast your vote, on whether to waive the staff report.”  Larry was the only abstention, in the eight-to-zero vote.  “With no report, we move directly to public comment, and invite Mr. Arnold Spankergrüber to start….  Sir, you have three minutes.”
Hundreds chanted outside the tent, as the former Governor, in a modest business suit, politely rose from his front-row seat, smiled to the cameras, and approached the podium.
The Mayor tapped his gavel lightly and the crowd quieted.
“Thank you, Mr. Mayor and the Council, for your kindest, to allow a longtime resident of Los Angeles to speak,” said Arnold, as TV news crews did close-ups of the former Governor, who had spent his May 28th appearance promoting the concept, to became the subject of national debate, when the President of the United States praised the idea, as an example of law and order.
Larry Van der Bix scowled.
“Someone very smart told me that history happens in unexpected ways,” said the man twice elected to run the nation’s largest state, “and we learn from the loss of George Floyd, that we must look beyond what divides us, for the true greatness of this nation is made only by working together.”
Many cheered.  Many hissed.  Many made no expression.
“Why are we great?” asked the former Governor, as cheers and booing rose, met by louder taps of the gavel.  “From the death of this one man, history calls upon us to learn that the greatness of our people stems from our ingenuity and productivity, our innate fairness and decency.”
Sitting in the front row, Jon Stuart, Tom Pranks and Dexter Green applauded in unity.
“No one owns a good idea,” said the former Governor, “but only by your courage tonight to conduct this vigorous debate, can anyone truthfully determine whether this idea – or any idea – is truly great… or just a piece of shit.”
Jon Stuart immediate rose to applaud loudly, while saying nothing, with his face on display, though cameras could not interpret whether his was a look of support or mockery.  Tom Pranks and Dexter Green also stood and applauded, but with less vigor and less facial display.
Seeing no need to deliver another line, the actor pocketed his script, gave a resolute pose, thanked the Mayor, turned to the cameras, and joined his fellow Caballeros standing to applaud.
The Mayor – declaring that the Clerk had provided him with a list of 134 requests to speak – read five names, and asking them to approach the empty chairs next to the podium, before inviting the next speaker.
*     *     *
“I’ve got to go home with my kid,” whispered Jeanine, to her boss, seated at the dais, as Speaker 101 delivered a passionate address, that to allow police to use blinkers as the simple tool to pull over drivers poses an existential threat to People of Color.  “Maryann and Justin are still here.”
Larry – numbed from four hours of harsh comments – neither spoke nor nodded to his Chief of Staff, who gentle placed her hand on his shoulder, and left to walk with her daughter to the parking garage.
*     *     *
“Would you like someone to accompany you?” asked Dexter Green, at the back of the tent, to assist Jeanine and her daughter.
“Oh,” said Jeanine, who turned to her daughter.  “This is….”
“Mr. Green,” finished the schoolchild.  “I know.”
*     *     *
“People are pretty worked up,” said Dexter, as Jeanine closed the passenger side door, after her daughter had climbed inside.  “Thought maybe it’d be helpful, since it’s almost midnight.”
“That’s very kind, Dexter,” said Jeanine, as she walked around the car, while the actor remained in place, next to the passenger side.  “Thank you.”
“My pleasure,” said the actor, bending to wave to her daughter, before smiling to Jeanine.  “Good night.”
Chapter 22 – Something New
“Boss,” said Maryann Moore, as Larry Van der Bix – sprawled on his IKEA couch, with a red-inked contract on his chest – finally woke.  “The Mayor, Sir.”
Larry wiped away drool, opened his eyes, and looked up, to see Tony Kim and three Members of the City Council, standing beside the cherry wood conference table that he had chased Arnold Spankergrüber around a few weeks earlier.
“Mr. Bix,” said Mayor Kim, warmly.  “So glad you could join us.”
His three council colleagues displayed no similar warmth.
“Where’s Jeanine?” quickly asked Larry, turning to his press secretary.
“She didn’t wish to be part of this meeting,” said Maryann, not holding a notepad.
“Meeting?” yawned the dork.
“We’re here to request that you either prove that you Woke,” said the Vice Mayor, with absolutely no warmth, “and therefore withdraw ‘Blinker Day,’ or that you resign.”
Larry stood, paying no attention to the signed contract that now laid on the floor, and saw that it was 8:55 am.  “Guess it was a pretty long last night.”
“Six hours on Item 20,” said another Member of Council.
“A hundred thirty four on the list, and forty more in line,” said the third Member.
“Okay, so not everyone likes my idea,” said the dork, who had won his election by dumping a massive pile of lottery winnings into the race, and bragged that an ordinance to make the City encourage use of turn signals would be his first act.
“No one likes it,” said one Member.
“Long Beach is now a laughing stock,” said the second.
“Blinker Day has become the President’s personal toy,” said the Vice Mayor, adjusting his demand, in the chaos of fury.  “Either resign, or we’ll endorse your recall.”
“So is it ‘withdraw or resign’ or ‘resign or get recalled,’” asked the dork, unsure which threatening demand was supposed to be considered.
“What a majority of Members want,” said Mayor Kim, “is that you understand how your personal effort now has put our Council, and our City, in a very hard place.”
“Thank you, Mr. Mayor,” said Maryann Moore, the youngest one on Larry’s staff, and absolutely the youngest in the room of five elected officials, but certainly one willing and able to call the moment, by her protection of the boss.  “Councilman Van der Bix will certainly consider everything you’ve said.”
*     *     *
“And then the Vice Mayor demanded he withdraw it, or resign,” said Maryann, as she sat with Jeanine and Larry, at his conference table.
“Or was it resign or get recalled,” corrected Larry.
“No, withdraw or get recalled,” said Maryann, correcting Larry’s correction.
“Stop,” said the Chief of Staff, writing her own notes.  “Obviously, they want you to cry like a baby or get booted out, and neither is technically required by the City Charter over the introduction of stupid ideas.”
The Councilman and Press Secretary weighed the Chief’s assessment.
“Maybe you might take a little vacation,” said Jeanine, looking up from her pad.  “Announce that you are going to an undisclosed location, to think things through.”
*     *     *
“Well, sure, that’s fine,” said Lori Lewis, over speaker, as she heard the sound of Enrico Caruso in the background of her call with her best friend.
*     *     *
“Larry!” said December Carrera, rushing across the now-cozy hotel lobby, to hug for biggest fan, as he dropped his overnight bag onto the floor of the Harbor House Inn.  “How long are you here?”
“Just a little bit,” said Larry, meekly.  “I had to consider things.”
“Can’t get farther away from Long Beach,” said Lori, without disdain.  “Considering the meeting two days ago, it might not be far enough.”
“Mommy and Daddy told me you know Duxter,” said Riley Beach, holding a lunchbox for his last day of class.  “They said he works for you.”
“I don’t know what to believe about actors,” said Larry, as the child and mother waved from the front door.
“Are you okay?” asked Lori, as December and Riley made the short walk to the single-room schoolhouse.
“No,” said Larry, “but I feel better being with people who care about me.”
“You won’t see protests here,” said Lori.  “Mainers do their own thing.”
*     *     *
Larry held Lori’s ankle-length windbreaker and a towel, as he stood at the end of a small dock with five rowboats, watching his best friend swim across Three Keys Pond and listening to a hammer pounding at the nearby shack, called “The Barracks.”
*     *     *
“Weren’t you on FOX?” asked the owner of Armistice Coffee, delivering mugs to Larry and Lori, and setting a huge plate of buttered toast onto the table.  “People should use their fucking blinkers.”
“Politics isn’t war,” said Lori, as Larry clutched the mug and looked to his coffee.  “People yell and argue, but you’re not gonna die in combat.”
“My address is posted online,” said the dork.  “I got death threats at the office.”
“Hey,” said a booming voice, of an enormous bearded man in his 50s, entering the place where he spent most of his mornings.
“Bear, this is Larry,” said one veteran to another, as the giant shook hands with the timid Councilman, sitting at a table directly in the center of the room.  “We went to high school together.”
“Thanks for helping me with Monument House,” said the retired soldier.
“Um, sure,” said the dork, sitting down again.
“Want some toast?” asked Lori, offering bread to her neighbor.
“Gotta order breakfast first,” said Bear, walking to the counter, in a coffeehouse that looked like olden days, of wood and tin, and lined with Army and Navy posters, and where the only new items were lawn signs nailed across the left and right walls, to promote leading candidates seeking nomination for president of each major party.
*     *     *
“That’s The Barracks,” said Bear, walking with Larry and Lori down the street, beyond the one-room schoolhouse, toward the hand-built shack behind a small house, close to the small dock, with the rowboats, where the forest meets Three Keys Pond.  “Got family arriving soon that escape every year for the Midsummer’s Eve Bonfire.”
*     *     *
“Oh, this is, uh,” started Larry, inside the humble shack, built of painted plywood and with metal-framed bunks, each with a new mattress, fresh linen and folded blankets, plus a bathroom, kitchen and new refrigerator, but little else, thus able to house a dozen, but which would never compete with quaint bed-&-breakfast spots across New England.
“You paid for the refrigerator and the new bedding,” said Lori, proudly.
“Glad I could help,” said Larry, pointing to the far corner, where a slab of stone showed a woman, looking upward, and enough of one shoulder to show three stripes, suggesting that contained within not-yet-pounded rock could be an amateur’s statue.
“My niece and her husband bring the twins… you know, doing the family thing… for the bonfire and to work on the monument every summer,” said Bear, shrugging.  “And some Army buddies run away from life to drink coffee and row.”
“I’m not sure if Larry will be staying for the bonfire,” said Lori, giving her friend a chance to wiggle away.
“I’m here for awhile,” said Larry.  “Urban life’s feeling a little crazy.”
“Don’t skip your job,” said the bearded man, “but with Arnold and the President blabbing and protesters protesting, now might be a good time to do your Maine thing.”
*     *     *
“What do you mean, you flew away?” hissed Arnold Spankergrüber, over Zoom.  “You have a contract… we have a deadline… the Studio demands action, action, action!”
“I’m on vacation doing my Maine thing,” said Larry, using Lori’s laptop, as the owner of Armistice Coffee delivered lunch to the table in the middle.
“If you wish to exercise the Location Shoot Clause,” began Tom Pranks.
“No!” howled Larry.
“You had a tough night,” said Jon Stuart, displaying professional warmth to someone who could’ve been appearing for an interview on his national political comedy show after taking brutal hits.  “It’s a tough business….  These are tough times.”
“Are you in the Navy, or something?” asked Arnold, whose Zoom would show a poster for the Army-Navy Game and a lawn sign promoting reelection of the President.
“Where would the location shoot be?” asked Dexter Green.
*     *     *
Lori went to answer a knock at the new door of the Harbor House Inn.
“Oh, it’s you!” hissed Lori, as a maskless wild-haired woman in her 50s smirked.  “Go away!”
“I’m here to carry out a signed contract,” said Karen Joplin, waving a document, with neither politeness nor patience.
“You are just a PR hack with no role in the agreement that December signed with the Tourism Board,” growled Lori, ready to slam the door.
“Oh, not that contract,” said the hippy, dangling another official-looking paper, which she flipped to the last page, to show the signatures of Larry Van der Bix and Arnold Spankergrüber.
Lori looked at the signatures, and began to shut the door.
“Failure to comply results in your friend being slapped with a million dollar fee,” said Karen, again smirking.  “You don’t want your friend to face a big lawsuit, do you?”
*     *     *
“All you need to do to avoid that million dollar fee is allow Mr. Spankergrüber’s team to shoot some video,” said Karen, sitting with Lori and December at the middle table of Armistice Coffee.
“So… if we do that… they’ll stay a few days, they’ll leave… and we’re done?” asked December, as the owner of the coffeehouse brought three cappuccinos.
“Give us a few minutes,” said Lori.
“Good time to smoke,” said the hippy, walking to the door with her cappuccino.
*     *     *
“Duxter!” shouted Riley Beach, running across the hotel lobby, as four Hollywood stars and Bobby McGee entered the Harbor House Inn.
“Bobby!” said the husband and wife.
When the eight-year-old wrapped his arms around the zoologist’s leg, the actor placed a hand on the child’s head and laughed.
“Birds gotta fly and artists gotta eat,” said the out-of-work comedian.
*     *     *
Arnold, Tom, Jon, Dexter and Bobby joined Lori, December, Riley and Larry sitting at the newly repaired and sanded and painted and lacquered table that could feed twenty with an ocean of food, inside the newly re-walled dining room of the large hotel that had been originally built as a barracks during the Great War to house workers who built destroyers for the Navy, to become a hotel and hospital, before taking another stint as barracks for those serving at a nearby naval shipyard during World War Two, and then as a bed-&-breakfast for half a century, where everyone in town had visiting family stay, until the building was abandoned during the Clinton Era, and surrendered to the tax collector when Barack Obama was president, when the Select Board donated the Harbor House Inn to the Maine Tourism Board, which finally ran an essay contest to attract press that would promote visitors to do their Maine thing.
“Did you see our pet owl?” asked Riley, to the zoologist-turned-actor, as everyone passed platters of food that the Chamber of Commerce had delivered from the only café on Main Street.  “I named him Duxter.”
“Ha!  Funny!  Fantastic!” said Arnold, exercising the privilege of taking a third of the bacon from the massive servings donated by locals to make movie stars happy.
“The Midsummer’s Eve Bonfire is certainly logical for the pilot,” said Tom, taking fruit for his pancakes.  “We can return to Hollywood on Monday for editing, and then market for a release that competes with the Republican National Convention.”
“Since it looks like you’re going to miss the June 23rd meeting, do you intend to go back to the City Council?” asked Jon, drinking from an official collectors mug provided by Armistice Coffee.  “It’d be hard to do a comedy show of someone running for president when they’re running away from politics.”
Lori looked to her best friend, to gauge whether he was falling apart.
“I don’t know,” said the Dork-in-Chief.  “Maybe I’m here til Independence Day.”
“You must learn the First Law of Politics,” said Arnold Spankergrüber, as he exercised a fattening privilege of action, action, action to dig into his fantastic free meal.  “Time is inexorable… you either use it, or lose it.”  The former Governor chomped on crunchy bacon, and waved his fantastic watch.  “Don’t let yourself take a licking… or you will just stop ticking.”
“There is always time for another obtuse observation on political Timex®,” said the salt-and-pepper comedian, “since Ted Sorensen got instructed that one day in ’57 is worth two days in ’58.”
“And all I tell are bag jokes,” said Bobby McGee, buttering his bread.
“Where’s your owl?” asked Dexter, to Riley, and when December nodded, the eight-year-old smiled, and escorted the zoologist to look out the kitchen window.
*     *     *
“Will you be attending the June 23rd meeting?” asked Jeanine Harper, over Zoom, insistently, as her boss, Councilman Larry Van der Bix, drank coffee and ate toast, in what appeared to be an old-style café or coffeehouse, sitting near a lawn sign promoting the reelection of the President that had been nailed onto the wall.
“You told me last week to take a vacation,” said Larry.
“Most people on vacations know when they’re going home,” said Jeanine, as Maryann waved to the boss, while putting a big stack of mail on the Councilman’s desk.  “At every community group that Justin’s gone to, the only question people ask is whether you’ve resigned yet.”
“Okay, well, I’ll miss June 23rd and come back by Independence Day,” said Larry.
“There’s already three Council Members publicly calling for your recall,” said the Chief of Staff, expressing an understandable fear.  “Not that I believe this matters to you, but all of us will lose our jobs.”
“Then do your Maine thing with me this weekend,” said Larry, smiling on Zoom, as though his perky offer would be met with a cheery reply.  “There’s a big bonfire to mark the arrival of summer!”
“Excuse me, I have a kid,” said Jeanine, barely containing fury, “and I’ve got just a little to deal with on the loss of my husband two months ago….  Or did you remember.”
“I’ll cover tickets,” added the Dork-in-Chief.  “December’s place was a hotel.”
“Does the struggle of real people mean anything to you?” asked Jeanine, to a bonehead whose overuse of privilege is delivering absolute political failure, “or do you simply not care that I may soon be an out-of-work single mom with a shameful resume.”
Chapter 23 – Something Blue
Larry and Lori walked beside Bear, to escorted Tom Pranks into The Barracks.
“Sergeant Liz Rock, this is the guy who bought the fridge and mattresses,” said Bear, introducing Councilman Larry Van der Bix to his niece, also an Army veteran, as she was showing her twins how to perfectly make a bed, while her husband unpacked duffel bags, to base themselves at The Barracks for a summer hammering stone and escaping from the daily struggle of working class life.  “Larry, meet the Rock family.”
“Thanks for supporting Monument House,” said the soldier-and-sculptor, in her 30s, as she put hammers and chisels onto a cabinet shelf next to the bed.
“And this is Tom Pranks,” said Bear.  “Mr. Hollywood.”
“Didn’t you do a ‘D-Day’ movie?” asked the Sergeant’s husband.
“Just a film, yes,” answered Tom.
“My great-grandfather, John Roccé, got his third strip in the battle that was the first D-Day ever,” said the sculptor-and-soldier.
“Fascinating,” said Tom, scripting a lighter tone, to pose his own question, as a kid might ask, expecting to hear little things from little people.  “So what’re you doing for summer vacation?”
“Pounding rock, hammering planks, cutting down trees for next year’s bonfire, and volunteering for the Chamber of Commerce thing,” said the veteran, smiling.
“And teaching our kids to row and drink coffee,” added her husband.
“Jolly fun,” said Lori.
“And Sergeant Rock, this is Sergeant Lori Lewis,” said Bear.  “She got pinned at the White House with a Presidential Unit Citation.”
“Actually, I retired as a Captain, Sergeant Rock, but mostly was a Sergeant,” said Lori, laughing a bit. “I ought’a loan you my dad’s Sgt. Rock comic books.”
“It’s ‘Woke’ with an R,” said Liz, “but no one knows how to pronounce it.”
“My apology,” said Lori.
“My uncle plays to see if he can get under my skin,” said Liz.  “So you got pinned at the White House?”
*     *     *
Sergeants Lori Lewis, Cazzie Clark, and Gene Gonzalez stood at attention, behind a podium with the Presidential seal and two TelePrompTers, their shoes aimed toward open double doors, and covered their eyes from the blinding light of lamps behind television cameras, as a tall, thin, perfectly-dressed Black man enter the Diplomatic Reception Room, followed by the Vice President, and the Secretary of Defense.
*     *     *
“Yeh, me and a couple buddies,” said Lori, to the soldier whose own sculpture dominated The Barracks.  “Bagram.”
*     *     *
The President walked directly to the podium.  The Vice President and Secretary of Defense – #2 and #3 of the Chain-of-Command – stood behind the President, between the Flag and an easel covered with blue fabric.
“Today, we’re joined by three soldiers who’ve served this nation with absolute honor and distinction, both in war, and in peacetime,” began the President.
 “Sergeant First Class Lori Lewis and Sergeant First Class Cazzie Clark each represented America in the Summer Games of the XXXth Olympiad, where, between them, they earned six medals for this nation – one Gold, four Silver, and a Bronze.
Lewis and Clark each wiped sweat from their forehead, caused by the heat of television lamps and cameras.
The President smiled to the soldiers, and pointed to the man with brown skin.  “And Sergeant Gene Gonzalez earned NCAA national titles, as our fastest sprinter, while studying in Texas.”
The soldiers stood perfectly straight, as photographers, on their knees, jostled for angles, their cameras clicking and flashes flashing.
“Typically, the field of sport is not what one mentions when discussing the decoration of soldiers,” said the President, “but when these soldiers defended their fellow Americans in battle, not only did military training kick in, but the absolute determination of athletics also came into play.”
*     *     *
“So what happened?” asked Liz Roccé.
“Just rocket fire, you know,” said Lori Lewis.  “We were a frivolity unit.”
*     *     *
The tall Black man in the Diplomatic Reception Room turned, as the Secretary of Defense took position at the easel, and lifted the blue fabric.
“Now we see the first rocket to strike Bagram,” said the President, as lamps blazed, cameras flashed, and journalists scribbled or recorded.
A matte print of combat photography showed a shell erupting on a mine-resistant ambush-protected vehicle bearing Three Stars on the hood.
“The Pentagon believes between fifty-two and fifty-four high-explosive medium-range shells struck Bagram Airbase, in an attack that lasted nine minutes and killed one American and injured thirteen,” said the President.
Photographers switched to motor drive, shooting rapid-fire.
“That first round,” said the President, pointing to the image, “a direct hit, and – uh – the MRAP… empty, but destroyed… an explosion so violent that personnel across the tarmac took shrapnel – two seriously wounded – thankfully all escaped with their lives.”
*     *     *
“Frivolity?” asked Liz.  “How’d you get pinned?”
“Did a bunch of jock shit,” said Lori.
*     *     *
“When Lewis, Clark and Gonzalez reached Air Force One, the soldiers took position, to evacuate military personnel and the USO,” said the President.
The Secretary of Defense showed an image of Lori Lewis standing at the rear hatch of Air Force One, yelling the word “Move” to frightened USO performers, including her bride.  In the background, a rocket round struck another MRAP.
“Congressional Members on their fact-finding tour had already been driven up the belly of a C-17,” added the President.
The Secretary of Defense lifted the image of Lori yelling, to show the next shot.
“Here, the Three Star’s second vehicle… also… direct hit…,” said the President.  “His vehicle is thrown onto its side, two-hundred yards from Air Force One.”
The Secretary of Defense flipped to the next shot.
“… Here… Gene Gonzalez is carrying Corporal Frank Herrera, of Wilmington, California, the General’s driver, the sole fatality,” said the President, looking at the easel.
The three Sergeants standing at attention behind the President stayed motionless, next to the Flag, shoes aimed toward the double doors, unbending, and thus not watching the Secretary of Defense lifting shots, at the President’s pace.
“Next… airmen are crossing the tarmac, and… next… lift Corporal Herrera’s body from Gene’s shoulders… and… the last image…,” said the President.  “Gene Gonzalez – at one time, the fastest man in America – in full run to Air Force One.”
The President turned and acknowledged the three Sergeants, under the burning heat of lamps and cameras.
“Nine minutes again shows us that chaos unfolds in real time,” said the President, “but history ripples forever.”
*     *     *
“Rocket fire is always a good time to be jock,” said Liz.
“Always good to have buddies at your side,” said Lori.
*     *     *
Lori Lewis, Cazzie Clark, and Gene Gonzalez stayed at attention, behind the President, as the Secretary of Defense placed the blue fabric back onto the easel.
“Members of this frivolity unit – in Bagram, uh, simply to display hand-to-hand – acted as good soldier always do,” said the President, “namely, uh, courage, without hesitation, and, uh, at great risk, to save the lives of others.”
The President turned to the Vice President, who stepped forward with a small box.
“So it is with great honor that I bestow this Presidential Unit Citation to this team, who acted with the same type of bravery that cooks or cameramen or piccolo players are called upon to show in battle,” said the President.
The Vice President opened a box and lifted the award.
“Sergeant First Class Lewis,” said the President, as she stepped forward, to be affixed with a Citation to her Dress Greens.  “Recognizing your bravery and thanking you for helping save the lives of General Staff Officers, and others.”
Lori Lewis stayed at attention, as the President pinned the Citation.
*     *     *
“You are correct, neighbor,” said the enormous bearded man in his 50s, wrapping his arm around his niece.  “Always good to have soldiers at your side.”
“Before my Uncle built The Barracks, my family stayed at the Harbor House Inn every year of my childhood,” said Liz Roccé, “so it’s great that a decorated veteran is now holding the keys, to bring new life to that old house.”
Lori smiled, said nothing, and nodded to the sculpture.
Tom Pranks exercised the privilege of asking little questions to get big results.  “Would you and your Uncle consent to some videos for our show?”
Chapter 24 – Doing Their ‘Fantastic Piece of Sh_t’ Thing
“This is fantastic!” said Arnold Spankergrüber, as Four Caballeros followed December Carrera and her son into the only café on Main Street, as Bobby McGee shot video showing everyone staring at the Hollywood stars that their new neighbors brought.
Dexter Green followed December and Riley, to the table they sit at each time.
Bobby McGee captured Arnold glowing, as he looked around to what seemed a fantastic spot to shoot.
Jon Stuart smiled to the person nearest him, and offered a hand.  “How ya doing?”  They shook hands, and Jon said his name, before repeating, “How ya doing?”
When Bobby stopped filming and sat down, the only waitress in the café approached the table of eight.  “Aren’t you….”
“How ya doing,” said Jon, as everyone else shared the two menus on the table.
*     *     *
As the waitress cleared the table, Arnold motioned for Bobby to shoot film, as Tom and Jon circled the café to ask guests if they wished to take part in their new show, “Giddy Up Little Horsey.”
“We don’t have to be part of this, Little One,” said December, to her son, who silently looked toward the zoologist drinking coffee.  “Or we can stay with Dexter.”
Tom brought a pair of café guests – one of whom December had bumped fists with at Armistice Coffee – who sat at the other side of the table, and timidly smiled.  December and Riley smiled back warmly.
Arnold, just behind Bobby, held his hand up, showing off his fantastic huge rings, as Jon stood with Larry and Dexter, next to the table, waiting for action, action, action.
“Thank you, everyone,” whispered Tom, loudly, motioning for silence.
Bobby began shooting.
After counting down from four, Arnold gave the silent index finger.
“How ya doing?” said the salt-and-pepper haired comedian, with a warm sweep of his arm, to show they he was joined by Dexter Green and a complete Dork-in-Chief, inside a genuine café, beside a table of ordinary people, waiting to talk with Jon Stuart.
“I’m okay, I think,” replied Councilman Larry Van der Bix, not sure if Jon’s opening words posed a question, or simply was a script that no one had shown him.
Arnold and Tom winced, but Bobby kept filming, as the two Hollywood stars on either side of the dork maintained professional smiles for the camera.
“Glad to hear it, Councilman Blinker Day, glad to hear,” said Jon, motioning for Larry to sit.  “We’re as far from Hollywood as you can go, and still be in the continental U. S. of A….”  Jon and Dexter smiled to the five people at the table.  The stars sat down.  “Time for some coffee.”
*     *     *
“I didn’t know it was so stupid,” said Larry, nervously holding his mug, as Bobby filmed the comedian and the zoologist display interest, sitting with the mother and son, and two other café guests.  “But I guess Arnold is right, that no one owns a pile of shit.”
“I didn’t say that!” growled the former Governor.
“Cut!” said Tom.
*     *     *
“Okay,” said Tom, with Arnold glaring beside him.  “Action!”
“Glad to hear it, Councilman Blinker Day, glad to hear,” said Jon, motioning for Larry to again sit down, for a second take to be cut into the first.  “We’re as far from Hollywood as you can go, and still be in the continental U. S. of A.”  Jon and Dexter again joined everyone at the table.  “Time for some coffee.”
*     *     *
“I didn’t know it was so stupid,” said Larry, even more nervously, as Bobby again filmed the comedian and zoologist display interest, along with the mother and son, and two other café guests.  “But now lots of people are protesting and colleagues want to boot me out, and there’s death threats, so I’m doing my Maine thing with my best friends.”
“Larry introduced me to my husband,” said December, giving no details, but smiling proudly to her biggest fan.
“And Duxter taught me to love the planet,” added Riley, looking at the zoologist.  “I’m green, like him.”
*     *     *
“I was playing FOX at Armistice,” said one of the two guests being interviewed, and who owns the only coffeehouse in town, but starts each day having breakfast with her husband at the café.  The waitress added coffee to each mug, smiling to the camera.  “And drivers should use their fuckin’ blinkers….  Oh, I’m sorry….”
“It’s okay, it’s okay,” said Jon, as he and Dexter smiled.  “Glad to hear that, too.”
*     *     *
“I think it’s a great start,” said Tom, as Multiple Caballeros followed December and Riley, walking toward the only stoplight on Main Street, where Bobby had pushed the button and waited, with the camera and tripod resting on his broad shoulder.
*     *     *
Lori and December sat at the dining room table, to discuss the contract with Larry, as Tom Pranks looked inside the refrigerator, while Arnold and Jon leaned against the kitchen counter to drink milk.
Outside, Bobby took in the summer solstice in Maine, sitting in the sunshine on a huge bench on the deck outside the kitchen, alongside the eight-year-old and the star of the quirky rip-off television series, “Duxter,” who were watching birds together.
“We don’t feed our owl,” said Riley, as he and Dexter watched the yellow-eyed bird with mostly white plumage preen itself.  “But he brings prey to his branch, so that must be his table.”
“So you’re starting fourth grade and thinking about college and zoology, huh?” asked Dexter.
Chapter 25 – Blitzkrieg Bopping
“I can’t believe you are going to call it that!” howled Arnold Spankergrüber, chomping on his sandwich, in the dining room of the Harbor House Inn.
“It beats ‘Giddy Up Little Horsey,’” said Jon Stuart, choosing his own sandwich from the platter of catering that the Chamber of Commerce had provided and which December set onto the table, with lemonade and iced tea.
“‘Little Horsey’ is cute!” said Arnold, “and I came up with it.”
“We are… changing direction… of the show,” explained Tom Pranks, slowly, looking at notes.  “We don’t have any horses, or stunt men, or motorcycles, or bicycles… or anything, really.”
“But why call it the ‘Fantastic Piece of Sh_t’ show?” howled the weightlifter-turned-moviestar-turned-politician-turned-furious-star, as flecks of sandwich exercised their own privilege, of being free food that could fall onto the fantastic jacket of a Hollywood superstar.
“I think it sort’a works,” observed Dexter Green, the youngest actor at the table, and the only star whose contract does not allow him to open his mouth on camera.
“You don’t even deliver speaking lines, and you’re already making decisions,” fired back the former Governor.  “Go learn some bag jokes from the cameraman.”
“At least both are original,” said Dexter.
“That certainly is true,” said Tom Pranks.  “There’s nothing close to the name ‘Fantastic Piece of Sh_t’ on television.”
“I don’t gotta pay for bag jokes,” said Bobby, eating his own sandwich.
“Who would miss a pilot with that name?” asked Jon Stuart, weighing in to an argument for the show of which he would be the star.  “We’d compete head-to-head with a national political convention, for ratings in a ‘piece of shit’ contest.”  Jon then stood and demonstrably patted his bottom.  “In politics these days, it might not be head-to-head.”
“But I don’t like hearing that word!” argued Arnold, who used the phrase as his closing line for a speech he delivered, on camera, at a Long Beach City Council meeting, where Members had to endured six more hours of public outrage from 174 furious people protesting Councilman Van der Bix’s ‘Blinker Day’ ordinance.  “It’s a bad word.”
“George Carlin’s dead,” declared Jon Start, “so there’s no one to enforce it.”
*     *     *
“There’s no more class, but the teacher agreed to meet everyone,” said December, as she and Riley walked the short distance to the schoolhouse, with Dexter and Bobby.  Behind them, the Remaining Caballeros – minus the protesting weightlifter – were telling Larry the plan for their meeting with Christine Tosche, in her classroom.  The sound of pounding drums poured out from the windows of the town’s one-room schoolhouse.  On Tom’s silent instruction, Bobby shot film to capture the drumming.
*     *     *
“I use them when the kids are learning instruments,” said Christine, a blonde in her 30s, with an embracing smile, punctuated by laughter.  “No good on guitar, but I try.”
“I played rhythm in a cover band,” said Dexter Green.
Like a music teacher, Christine handed the guitar to Dexter.
“So,” injected Tom Pranks, looking at his notes, “we’re in town for a few days at the house that Riley’s parents won, and we’re shooting a show.”
“And Dexter’s in it!” said Riley Beach, proudly pointing to the star with a guitar.  “I’m green, just like him.”
Christine laughed.
*     *     *
Tom Pranks counted.
Bobby McGee began shooting.
Standing with a second-rate politician and two Hollywood stars, the town’s only schoolteacher smiled embracingly.
“How ya doing?” said Jon, standing with the nervous dork and a smiling Dexter, who strummed a guitar hanging around his neck.  “We’re in a town so big that there is exactly one K-thru-8 teacher.”  Jon’s eyes glowed, as professional interviewers know how to do, and Christine – a teacher who knows the meaning of true smiles – smiled back.
Dexter playfully and quietly strummed “Blitzkrieg Bop,” by the Ramones.
On camera, in the background, December and Riley watched Larry do nothing.
“Just before Pearl Harbor,” lectured Jon Stuart, beginning to slowly stroll with Christine Tosche around her classroom, “fully seventy percent of America’s K-thru-8 students attended class in a one-room school house, just like this one.”
“Yep,” nodded Christine, smiling.
“I’m from the state where Franklin Roosevelt was governor,” said the comedian, “but everyone, everywhere – even the Empire State – had reinvent everything, including the schools, to where no one today could possibly imagine what it was like at school when the last super-rich tycoon from New York was president.”
“Nope,” replied Christine, punctuating by laughter.
*     *     *
“Not sure what we get out of that,” said Tom, to Larry, as they walked with Jon and Dexter, to follow December and Riley on the short walk to the Harbor House Inn.
“It’s a little tough when the star of the show doesn’t say a thing,” said Jon, turning to give Larry a professional smile.
Dexter Green, being paid to say nothing, offered no such professional statement or display of emotion.
*     *     *
Tom Pranks counted.
Bobby McGee began shooting.
Larry sat at the middle table of the town’s only coffeehouse.
“How ya doing?” said Jon, sitting with the Councilman, as the camera captured a pair of competing lawn signs – Biden vs. Sanders – nailed to the wall.
*     *     *
“Every car’s got one, so use ’em,” said the owner of Armistice Coffee, joining customers at her own table, to add to the interview Jon Stuart had done with her, when she was having breakfast at the café with her husband.
“Mine does,” said Councilman Larry Van der Bix, nodding.
“I believe you, Larry,” said Jon, “but how about those who’re afraid they’d be killed by someone who gets to use ‘Blinker Day’ to pull ’em over?”
“Maybe they should just drive right,” said the coffeehouse owner.  “Not every stupid idea is stupid to everyone.”
*     *     *
“One more stop,” said Tom Pranks, leading the team into a shack.
*     *     *
“I’m not some money-making artist,” said Sergeant Liz Roccé, as she and her family stood in front of the massive slab of chiseled rock.  “The monument honors female service personnel, cuz Doughgirls don’t get a whole lot’a respect.”
“No respect at all,” said the salt-and-pepper comedian, honoring another, by clutching the tie he wasn’t wearing.
“IEDs don’t,” said the veteran, of women who drove fuel, food or troops as part of the 85% in uniform who support combat forces, but who got killed or wounded by improvised explosive devises that took nearly two-thirds of the coalition forces lost, and who suffered those casualties with no deference to gender or pronoun.
*     *     *
Everyone at the Harbor House Inn dining room table passed food.
“We’ll do a last shoot at the bonfire, and then head back,” said Tom, taking a piece of fried chicken, with nostalgic memory of a Shady Rest where he had never eaten, before handing off the platter.
“We got plenty for a pilot,” said Jon, spooning mashed potatoes.
“But I am still protesting!” said Arnold, shoveling baked green bean casserole.
“The Ramones would make a great soundtrack,” egged Dexter.
“If you keep that not-fantastic name, I am leaving this show,” demanded Arnold, who displayed the only protest sign yet seen in town, with a fantastic hand-written button, that read, “Stop The Fantastic Sh_t!”
Chapter 26 – Something Borrowed
“Don’t mind me, Bear lets us camp at The Barracks to roll logs with the Rocks,” said a burley man in his 50s, in a cap with an emblem of the U.S. Army, as he pulled oars, rowing a small boat – Davy’s Dinghy – that had been berthed at the dock from which Lori jumps each morning into Three Keys Pond.  “You swam Army in London.”
*     *     *
December traded the now-wet white cotton towel for the warm, dry, ankle-length windbreaker that Lori wears after each swim, as they kissed on the dock, and looked toward Riley, who read a book while sitting on one of the logs that a group of veterans had rolled to use while building the structure that would be burned later that night.
“Bear’s buddies are still rolling the logs that the Roccé’s chopped down last year, to finish the Midsummer’s Eve Bonfire,” said December, hugging her athlete-and-soldier, before walking hand-in-hand to get their son and go home.  “It’s the biggest thing the Chamber of Commerce does each year.”
“Hope Larry carries the memory back home,” said Lori.
“We are home,” said December, again kissing her husband.
“Look!” exclaimed Riley, waving a well-worn children’s science book when his parents reached his log.  “I got to check out this book from The Barracks library!”
*     *     *
“This is fantastic!” declared Arnold Spankergrüber, still wearing a protest button – “Stop The Fantastic Sh_t!” – but ratcheting down his protest, so he could still walk with Multiple Caballeros, and smoke a cigar through his fantastic face mask, and study camera angles and give opinions on lighting for shots of the sunset event.
“There’s a lot of dry brush,” said Dexter Green, looking at branches and top-soil.  “They better plan against sparks.”
“Always have something to say!” hissed the former Governor, as the Hollywood stars and Bobby McGee loudly crunched their way through dried leaves alongside the Three Keys Pond.  “Why don’t you go back to teaching high school science?”
Tom Pranks broke up the scuffle, to make everyone give professional smiles – unseeable due to the masks, but so obvious that nothing could hide them – as members of the Select Board and the Chamber of Commerce approached the Hollywood stars.
“How ya doing?” asked Jon.
“This’ll be wonderful!” said Tom.
“Fantastic!” added Arnold.
Each of the old stars bumped elbows with each of the mask-wearing officials, who each carried a stack of empty five-gallon buckets, which were being placed along the water’s edge.
“Glad you’re prepared against sparks,” said Dexter, pointing to the buckets.
“Three of the region’s volunteer firefighting teams will be nearby,” said the Chairperson of the Select Board.
“The People of Maine do their own thing,” said the Chamber leader.
“Fantastic,” repeated Arnold.
*     *     *
“Can the Roccé family come over for lunch?” asked Riley, as his mother prepared the presentation of food donated by the Chamber of Commerce, to feed the privileged Hollywood elite shooting a television show in the town.  “Daddy told me Liz can borrow her Sgt. Rock comics, since I’m borrowing science books from The Barracks library.”
“Really?” said December, looking surprised, and then nodding.  “Sure, be careful, and wear your mask.”
*     *     *
“This is fantastic,” said Arnold, no longer wearing a protest button, or using his fantastic mask to smoke a cigar, so as to respect those gathering in the Harbor House Inn for lunch in the dining room.
“Would it be all right if we film this luncheon?” asked Tom Pranks, who silently instructed Bobby McGee to set up the camera when December nodded.
Twenty people removed their mask and sat at the table, covered with food.
“This table has never looked so good,” said the Chairperson of the Select Board, running his hands over fresh lacquer.  “Every family in this town has eaten at this table.”
“There’s no way to count how many wedding parties have sat on these chairs,” said the representative of the Chamber of Commerce.
So huge is the Harbor House Inn table which Bear had repaired and sanded and painted and lacquered, that it took two married couples, three kids, a dork Councilman, four Hollywood stars, an under-employed comedian, the neighbor with his Army buddies, and representatives of the town’s Select Board, the Chamber of Commerce, and the Maine Tourism Board to fill the matching and stackable chairs solid enough to have lasted a century.
“The Tourism Board is thankful that the new owners have shown in every way how proud we can be that they won,” said one of the contest judges who voted for December Carrera, as the best essayist.  “The People of Maine are the real winners.”
“May we start with a prayer?” asked Sergeant Liz Roccé, sitting beside her husband and kids, and her uncle, Bear, and his Army buddies, at one end of the table.
“Of course,” said December, “but let’s keep fingers at a social distance.”
With every chair filled, people extended hands to completely encircle the biggest table in the County, some touching hands, and everyone bowing their head.
“Dear God….  We meet in this old house… we sit at this old table… we prepare to eat this wonderful meal… because You invite us here to experience life at its fullest…. You provide all that a soul could wish for… and that by Your Grace, we each may borrow from one another, with gratitude, with humility, and with hope,” started Liz Roccé.
December and Riley wiped away tears, as did Bobby McGee and Dexter Green.
“This Blessed world that You’ve loaned us, Lord, is suffering woefully… souls burdened by unrelenting struggle… each locked by ongoing fury, by unforgiving hatred, by unbending division, by the demands of selfishness and arrogance,” she continued.
Most at the table – but not everyone – wiped or tamped away tears.
“Only by Your Mercy, God, may we lift ourselves from conflicts destroying us… ripping us apart… testing our abilities… and denying this nation its unity and purpose… for without decency, without kindness, without ears that listen, we shall struggle forever,” she said, wiping her own eyes, as did everyone, including politicians and Hollywood stars and soldiers and children.
“Please, God, help us in conquering fear of this pandemic that has robbed us of Your Mercy, to touch hands, to hug, to work and sweat and sing together,” said a soldier, “for it is by Your Grace that we may be lifted from our struggle… and with this meal, provided by the Chamber, and offered by a family who now bring life to this old house… we say, ‘Thank You, God,’ for so magnificent, so wonderful, so fantastic a meal.”
“To the Most Fantastic One, Amen,” immediately added the weightlifter.
“Amen,” said everyone, wiping eyes, smiling, laughing, passing food, eating, and sharing company in a borrowed house that had, for a century, brought people together.
*     *     *
“Thank you, Sergeant Roccé, for your prayer,” said Tom Pranks, knowing that it matters how one’s name is remembered.
“You’re the first one who ever pronounced it right,” said Sergeant Liz Roccé.  “My great-grandfather got called Sgt. Rock after the Battle of Saint-Mihiel, cuz no one cared the name of the cook, so prayers at the table always meant a lot in this family.”
Tom and Liz helped clear the table, and children carried plates to the kitchen, where soldiers washed and dried them, and Lori and December put them away, while the representatives of the Select Board, the Chamber, and the Tourism Board each gave short comments to Jon Stuart, who opened each interview with, “How ya doing?”
“Maybe Washington didn’t sleep here, but everyone in the Roccé family has,” said the soldier-and-sculptor, “going back to the Armistice.”
“Would you be okay if our show includes your prayer?” asked Tom.
“Oh sure,” said Liz Roccé, “even if it’s called that new name.”
Tom Pranks looked both stunned and embarrassed.
“Soldiers hear all sorts’a shit,” she said, “and we let shit go.”
Chapter 27 – The Bonfire at The Barracks
Bobby McGee began shooting.
Tom Pranks looked to his longtime colleague, Arnold Spankergrüber, who once again appeared delighted at the chance to say “Action, action, action,” and who clearly enjoyed lifting his fingers to count and flash the index.
Larry stood between Dexter Green and Jon Stuart, as soldiers were lashing the last fallen tree, to complete a twenty-foot tall structure at the edge of Three Keys Pond, that soon would be sparked into the Midsummer’s Eve Bonfire, the biggest event of the year for a tiny town, in a lightly populated region, and which had already drawn two thousand people from across the County, who had parked cars, or car-pooled, or bicycled, or ridden horses, or walked, to stand together at the water’s edge, and mark the arrival of summer, with a bonfire celebration most commonly found in Scandinavia.
“Action!” ordered Arnold.
“How ya doing?” said Jon Stuart.
“Pretty good!” said Larry, happily.
Tom and Arnold again winced, but just a bit.
“Glad to hear it, Councilman,” smiled Jon, warmly, “really glad to here.”
*     *     *
“Oh, it’s you,” growled Lori Lewis, as she was holding hands with her wife, next to a row of empty five-gallon buckets, and watching neighbors use their cell phones to capture videos of the Hollywood stars shooting their “Fantastic Piece of Sh_t” show.
“How could I miss this?” asked the wild-haired hippy, in her colorful sunglasses, and her colorful hippy clothes, and her colorful face mask, lowered so she could smoke.
“All right, enjoy yourself,” said Lori, “but leave us alone.”
“No worries,” said Karen, eyeing the cameraman filming the Hollywood stars.  “I’m here to say ‘hi’ to someone else.”
*     *     *
“Just a quick one,” said Tom.
Bobby started shooting.
Arnold counted, called “Action” and flashed the silent index finger.
“How ya doing, Sergeant Rock?” asked Jon, to the soldier-and-sculptor, standing far enough from that The Barracks that the backdrop showed her statue and a beautiful couple – a tall blonde athlete and coal-haired bombshell – glowing in the magical light that falls before sunset.  “What’re ya gonna do when your monument is finished?”
“Probably have gray hair,” she said, smiling to Jon Stuart’s salt-and-pepper, “and pound some roccés with my grandkids.”
“Cut!” said Arnold, and Jon continued chatting with the soldier, while Bobby stopped filming and waited for more instructions.
“Hey there,” purred Karen Joplin, smoking a cigarette.  “What’cha doing?”
“Oh, uh, you know, um,” said Bobby, uncomfortably.  “Working.”
“Almost forty years,” said the enormous bearded man in his 50s, “and it’s her!”
Karen turned, removed her sunglasses, stared with uncertainty, then took a puff, and either could not figure out what to say, or whether to say anything, or which – if any – emotions might be involved.
“Gotta work,” said Bobby, quickly carrying the tripod and camera away.
“Bear?” gasped Karen, finally.
“That’s what people still call me,” he said.
*     *     *
“Can I hang out with you guys when they don’t have me shooting?” asked Bobby, to Lori and December, who were now inside The Barracks, where their son sat quietly reading with the Roccé twins, who would also due to start fourth grade.
“Sure,” said December, patting the bed she and her husband were sitting on.
“Hunting ya down, huh?” said the Olympian, to a good-looking man in his 20s who Lori had witnessed making out at Motel 6 with Karen, the woman twice his age, who exercised the privilege of controlling the gig and kissing by convenience.
“There’s not just a Bear in the woods,” said Bobby.  “A scorpion is smoking.”
*     *     *
“You know, nice to see you, I think, but… you know… maybe that’s it, okay,” said Bear, watching Karen smoke, under the wooden sign that he had carved by hand and hammered onto the shack he had built by hand, behind the tiny house he purchased after retiring from the Army, to provide The Barracks, where friends and family had been housed during summers for almost two decades, as an escape from the struggle of working class urban life.
“It’s not like we’re gonna kiss or get married or something,” said the woman who had convinced him to marry her decades before, as a pledge to both graduate high school, but who ran off, leaving him a buck-ass Private, with no way to find out why she’d gone.  “Just amazing to see you again.”
“I finished school, and made Sergeant Major, and found a real home, and lived happily ever after,” said Bear.  “I like my life, and I don’t like confusion.”
“I won’t be giving you any,” said Karen, finishing her cigarette, throwing it only the ground, barely grinding it with her shoe, and exercising the privilege of closing doors with a key hole on only one side.
*     *     *
“Didn’t know where you were,” said Tom Pranks, to Bobby McGee, who was sitting on a bed inside The Barracks, with Lori and December, watching three kids read.  “Doing the next shot.”  Tom pointed toward the twenty-foot-tall structure, where almost 2,000 people formed thick lines around the water’s edge of Three Keys Pond, behind empty five gallon buckets, to await sunset, when the Chairperson of the Select Board and the leader of the Chamber of Commerce would each use a flamethrower to spark the Midsummer’s Eve Bonfire.  “Glad you’re with us.”
Bobby shouldered the camera and tripod and quickly followed Tom Pranks, who brought him to the spot where Arnold and Jon and Dexter were waiting with Larry and the two leaders each holding a flamethrower.
“Scorpion’s a good word,” said Lori.
*     *     *
Bobby McGee began shooting, with the incredibly expensive camera that Larry’s lottery money had paid for, and which was sophisticated enough that even in the twilight, it could capture high resolution footage of good enough quality that it could shoot stock.
A maskless Larry looked giddy, standing between Jon and Dexter, also maskless, and smiling far beyond professional smiles, and behind two maskless local leaders, who smiled like children, each aiming a flamethrower toward a twenty-foot-tall structure built on the water’s edge – almost like the Rainbow Pier that had, almost a century earlier, been erected with lumber from the Pacific northwest to build a pier that circled the Long Beach Municipal Auditorium, where thousands of neighbors would drive or walk or catch the Red Car or peddle to join together at the water’s edge, and which served as the centerpiece of the city’s downtown, often being mailed around the world on postcards that served as yesteryear’s social media.
Tom Pranks excitedly watched Arnold Spankergrüber counting down, call “Action” and silently point his index finger to Jon Stuart.
“How ya doing?” said Jon, pointing to the flamethrowers.  “This is the Big Show!  We got leaders!  We got torches!  This is that ‘Fantastic Piece of Sh_t’ moment in life!”  Jon gave two thumbs up, as did Larry and Dexter, all smiling big.  “Fire away!”
The Chairperson of the Select Board and the head of the Chamber of Commerce glowed like Oscar winners, flipping the safety, to send flames far across the water’s edge, to the structure that soldiers had worked together for a week to roll, chop, lift, and lash.
Bobby McGee kept filming, panning to capture the biggest event in a small town.
Two thousand people – three times as many as live in the town – erupted with cheering, as nearly everyone lifted cell phone to shoot video.
Long Beach Councilman Larry Van der Bix – watching the fire rise – smiled and laughed with a catharsis that showed the dork that life is worth a little bit more than just waking up, hiding, and going back to sleep.  Larry turned, to see Lori and December, glowing, with Riley on his father’s broad shoulders, watching the bonfire.  Larry wept.
Jon Stuart and Dexter Green smiled with the dork and let themselves become part of something far larger than simply being Hollywood stars.  They were ordinary people, themselves surrounded by flickering lights, almost like the night sky, as phones flashed, sending light and posting videos.
Bobby captured it all.
*     *     *
“We weren’t even started, so we’re done,” said Bear, watching the Midsummer’s Eve Bonfire he helped to erect, as Karen laughed at the crowd’s delight over the flames.  “This is my space….  Go away from here.”
Karen snuffed another cigarette onto the ground, and walked toward the bonfire, to get as close to the cameraman as she could.
*     *     *
“This is fucking great!” repeated Jon multiple times, as Dexter followed the contract that paid him to not speak, but which doesn’t state that his only technical value was his face, and his name, and not spoken lines, which would complicate costs and Union membership obligations.
The zoologist looked around, and focused on The Barracks.  After just seconds, his assessment sparked him to loudly violate his contract.
“Fire!” yelled Dexter Green, pointing to The Barracks, declaring an emergency.
Heads instantly turned toward the shack close to the water’s edge, near the dock, as flames quickly shot upward, past the sign that read, The Barracks.
Immediately, hundreds grabbed the empty buckets that the Chamber had carefully placed along the water’s edge, each drawing gallons from Three Keys Pond, and rushed toward the flames, which covered the plywood wall to reach the roof of the shack that Sergeant Major Oscar Roccé – known only as Bear – hammered together decades ago and freshly painted each Spring.
Screaming and chaos swept across the crowd, some continuing to shoot videos, as nearly everyone had grabbed a bucket or joined a bucket brigade to snuff the fire that started at The Barracks, but which quickly could take the town and perhaps become a wildfire across the region.
The sound of sirens gave a cacophony on their entrance, as fire trucks used by volunteer firefighters quickly reached the shoreline, as the Chamber had them parked close enough to respond, but far enough away that thousands had room to gather together at the water’s edge.
Teams of firefighters pulled hoses onto the ground and ran toward the shack, which now was completely engulfed in flames so high that sparks landing onto the narrow road, in the direction of the one-room schoolhouse.
Bear and his family and Army buddies formed a platoon that used his own hoses to stop the advance of flames toward the school.
“Save the school!” yelled Sergeant Major Oscar Roccé, ordering firefighters to stop the spread of flames, so as to not lose the town’s only schoolhouse.
*     *     *
The volunteer firefighters had snuffed the flames that engulfed The Barracks, and prevented a wildfire, and no other structure was scorched, but the shack was lost, with only a stone sculpture left where once had been summer housing for family and friends.
The Bonfire itself burned all night, but the careful construction and location meant that flames were never sent beyond the water’s edge, but provided light needed for two thousand people to work together to protect property, to clear brush and rescue the school, with bucket brigades soaking the property that encircled the Pond.
The owners and staff of the town’s only café and coffeehouse worked all night to make food and drums of coffee, and drive everything from downtown for distribution at the Harbor House Inn, which was the safest spot nearest the bonfire to base recovery.
Lori and December and Riley were joined by Larry and the Hollywood team and Bear and the Roccé family, and Army buddies, to serve food onto paper plates and fill to-go cups with coffee from the drums and lay servings onto the massive dining room table, offering more than fifteen hundred plates to those rushing to the bucket brigades and volunteer firefighting teams.
*     *     *
“I’m not sure when I’m coming back, but I will, soon!” said Larry, standing in the corner of the busy dining room, in the pre-dawn morning, late enough that he left voice mail on Jeanine Harper’s cell.  “There’s been an emergency, and I’ve gotta do everything I can, but I promise to catch the earliest flight….  I promise…. Please tell the Mayor.”
*     *     *
“You don’t have to actually sign this, because no one will enforce our contract,” said Tom Pranks, holding a handwritten sheet, entitled, “Amended Release Clause and Emergency Response Clause.”
Larry signed below Arnold’s signature, without reading the document.
“It just releases you from any costs or obligations, if you wanna close the books,” said Tom, “and footage we shot can be made available to anyone investigating the fire….  You know, to do things right.”
“Right,” said the dork.  “Priorities.”
*     *     *
“Sergeant Major Roccé,” said the Chairman of the Select Board, who had been one of the two leaders who had held a flamethrower.
The enormous bearded man who everyone simply calls “Bear” turned from the dining room table, where he was putting down paper plates of food.
“Everyone in this town shall be eternally grateful to you,” said the town’s leader, “that in a moment of absolute chaos, your courage and honor gave definition to heroism, and that your command resulted in saving our only schoolhouse and preventing the spread of a wildfire.”
“I lost a shack, and we saved a town,” said Bear, picking up a cup of luke-warm black coffee from the table that he had repaired and sanded and painted and lacquered.  “Soldiers do that kind’a shit.”
“Sergeant Major,” said the head of the Chamber of Commerce, who had held the other flamethrower, “maybe it takes Hollywood stars to make me say this, but what you did out there tonight wasn’t that kind’a shit….  It was a fantastic piece of shit.”
Chapter 28 – Monument House
“Better angling on a crawler-loader,” said Bear, to Larry, as they stood together, outside the Harbor House Inn, where Lori was idled her version of the Humvees that she had driven and repaired while serving as a Staff Sergeant of the mechanized infantry in wars waged by the U.S. Central Command.  “The bucket’s too small on a backhoe and a bulldozer would probably drop it.”
“Hummers are fantastic!” cooed Arnold Spankergrüber, as Multiple Caballeros stepped out of December’s hotel, to load their suitcases and film equipment into the huge SUV that Lori had purchased with money Larry had given her, after winning the lottery.
“How ya doing?” asked Jon Stuart, offering a fist bump and giving a smile that went much further then a professional gleam, to say farewell to Bear Rock and the dork.  “Too bad we can’t stay.”  Jon climbed in.  “Greatest week I’ve had in years.”
“Jeanine told me you should call her with flight details,” said Dexter Green, to the Councilman, bumping fists and climbing into the Hummer.  “The videos are going viral.”
“I hope we can watch your family’s home movie together,” said Tom Pranks, as Larry offered an envelope to the producer, who nodded respectfully, shook hands, and climbed into the vehicle, to join his fellow Caballeros.  “We can use the equipment you bought to capture high-quality video of the reel so you can watch it or share it anytime.”
Bear slammed the rear door and the Hollywood stars waved from the Hummer, as Lori lurched away from the Harbor House Inn, for the drive to the airport.
*     *     *
“It’s a great idea,” said Lori, sitting with her wife and son, on the well-maintained couch that Bear had donated to the Harbor House Inn, when he had helped unpack large items from the U-Haul.
“I hope they say yes,” said December, as Bear escorted his niece and her husband and the twins across the threshold of the hotel where Liz Roccé had played and eaten and slept every summer of her childhood.
“I’m honored you want our sculpture outside the Harbor House Inn,” said Liz, hugging December, as Lori shook hands with her husband, and Riley got joined on the couch by the twins who would also be entering fourth grade.
Bobby McGee, the unemployed comedian who no longer had a gig in Hollywood, entered the lobby, drinking iced tea.
“Where’s Larry?” asked December.  “He has to be here.”
“Finishing a call with his Chief of Staff,” said Bobby, pointing to the dining room.
The Dork-in-Chief entered, looking embarrassed that he was late, and saw everyone in the right place to make a big announcement.
“Go ahead, Councilman,” said December, to her biggest fan.
“I’m establishing a Trust,” said a man privileged enough to do anything he wished but who had looked within to find what would be the right things to do.  “This will include salaries, health care and retirement – plus Social Security – to hire Liz as manager of the Hotel… if you’d like that job….”
“What?” gasped Liz.
“And same for your husband, as Keeper of the Grounds,” added the dork.
“Live with us, as long as you want,” said December, the owner.
“And Mommy’s gonna be the new School Librarian!” exclaimed Riley, to the Roccé twins, “so we’ll have three rooms with books and computers and friends!”
“That’s some fantastic sh… uh… stuff,” said Bobby.
“And since the clubs are closed,” said December, to the out-of-work comedian, “you’re welcome to help us build a new life for this old house.”
*     *     *
Bobby McGee stood in the summer warmth, on the grounds just outside the Harbor House Inn, ready with own humble camera and tripod to begin filming.
Scores of neighbors – including the Chairperson of the Select Board and the leader of the Chamber of Commerce – joined Lori and December and the Roccé family, to watch a construction worker standing with Riley outside of the Harbor House Inn, instructing the driver of the crawler-loader where to slowly lower the versatile bucket that managed to balance a huge slab of rock that showed a face and one shoulder, until finally Riley gave the thumb’s up, and the vehicle’s tracks gave it the stability needed to pull back from the statue that now resting on solid ground, such that the monument could be seen from inside the hotel and from the schoolhouse just a short walk away and from the small house behind it where once was a shark called Monument House.
“C’mon, picture time,” said December, bringing dozens of neighbors to stand together, with social distance, next to a statue, which had a blue fabric taped onto its base.
Hundreds of neighbors watched Lori kneel and December lift Riley onto her husband’s shoulders, who then stood, holding her son’s legs.  Beside them, each of the Roccé twins sat on their parent’s shoulders.
The Chairperson of the Select Board and the leader of the Chamber of Commerce stood with the Dork-in-Chief, between the two families.
Larry showed just how far he was from Hollywood, by ordering “Action” and then counted with his fingers, before finally pointing his index finger at himself.
“How are you doing?” awkwardly asked Councilman Larry Van der Bix, standing next to December.
Masked neighbors cheered their answers.
“Today, by unveiling ‘Elizabeth’s Rock,’ the owner of this Hotel will make a big announcement,” blushed Larry, turning to December, and each of whom pulled the fabric that covered part of the massive stone slab that now dominates the grounds outside of the Harbor House Inn, to show a plaque.
“The name isn’t changing,” proclaimed December, “but Monument House is now the first VB&B in America.”
Led by the local leaders, the crowd of neighbors erupted into cheers.
“That’s the right way to present a monument,” said Lori, standing with her wife and son, to read the plaque that their neighbor, Bear, carved by hand on chopped and sanded wood and drilled and screwed and mounted onto the stone, and which read, “Elizabeth’s Rock is dedicated by the Roccé family, to honor female military service personnel who served in wars waged by the U.S. Central Command.”
Lori wiped away a rare tear.
“No one cries for Monå Lizé,” said Larry, of a King’s monument seen by no one.
*     *     *
“Thanks for the Mommy Mobile,” said December, sitting at the driver’s seat of a brand new all-electric sedan that was idling next to the Hummer, for a trip to the airport.
“Remember, you can always swim in Long Beach when the Pond is frozen,” said Larry, kneeling to hug Riley and the Roccé twins, before hugging his best friend.
“I hope they treat you nice at the City Council,” said Lori.
*     *     *
Larry began the climb down the steel stairway that is rolled across the tarmac of the Long Beach Airport for each arriving or departing plane, and saw that hundreds of people massed by the airport’s modest two-story ticketing-and-administration building.
“Oh no!” gasped the dork.
Suddenly, a surf guitar band ripped into a hit by Cambodian singer-&-songwriter Pen Ran, as dancers danced and people cheered, “Ride ’em, Cowboy!”
Larry nervously completed the climb, and saw Mayor Tony Kim and every Member of the Long Beach City Council standing with a crowd to lift up a huge banner, that read, “Welcome Home, Councilman Bix!”
*     *     *
“We are so happy that you came home, my dear friend,” said Mayor Tony Kim, offering Larry the current edition of the Grunion Gazette, with a headline that read, “Councilman does his Maine thing to save nation’s first VB&B.”
*     *     *
Larry waited for the elevator, in the lobby of Long Beach City Hall, while scores of City workers stood with the police officer who guards the entrance, applauding the returning Councilman, who had appeared in hundreds of videos shot by onlookers of the Midsummer’s Eve Bonfire that had gone viral on social media.
*     *     *
Inside the horseshoe of political offices at the top floor of City Hall, every staffer and every Councilmember jumped to attention, to welcome the returning Councilman.
*     *     *
“Dexter told me everything about the bonfire,” said Jeanine Harper, as she joined Larry in his personal office, as the dork put his overnight bag onto his conference table and collapsed onto his IKEA couch.  “There is no more recall.”
Larry didn’t reply, as he had immediately fallen asleep.
*     *     *
“They’re here,” said Jeanine, standing next to the Victrola, and holding the ancient tin can that held a reel of film that she had brought down from its spot between two triangular display cases presenting the 48-Star American Flag and the Dannebrog.
The bathroom toilet flushed.
“It is so fantastic to see you again, Mr. Councilman,” said Arnold Spankergrüber, as the dork entered the dance recital room.  “Thanks for the million dollar check.”
“How ya doing, Larry?” asked Jon Stuart, personalizing the phrase that had gone viral, as he erected a silver screen.
“Thank you, Ms. Harper, for arranging our visit,” said Tom Pranks, on the other side of the room, setting up a 16mm projector.
“Anyone want pastrami,” said Dexter Green, entering the room with take-away from Modica’s, and locking eyes with Jeanine, as she received several bags and floated in a cloud to the kitchen.
“So what we are doing,” said Tom, slowly, opening the tin can, “is watching your family’s home movie and to record it for you.”  Tom looked into the tin, at a yellowing tabloid newspaper and a hand scrawled poem on a thin piece of century-old paper.  “What’s this?”
All of the actors joined Tom, to look at the artifacts of a Lost Generation.
Arnold read the note from the small piece of paper.  “Major, thanks for your suggestion,” read aloud the former Governor.  “I submitted it to the Signal Corps.”
Jon studied the September 18th edition of “The Fly Paper,” a tabloid declaring itself to be, “The largest camp paper published in the Air Service of the American E.F.” and which assured readers it had been “Passed by Censor and by French Military Press Controller” and which showed as a logo a diving biplane, and with the lead piece being a large drawing of a smiling Doughboy, with the caption, “And it will be – Hell, Heaven or Hoboken by Christmas.”
“This is, ‘In Flanders Fields,’” gasped Tom Pranks, holding the thin paper, as though lifting The Bible, before reading with reverence….
“In Flanders Fields the poppies grow
Between the crosses; row on row
That mark our place; while in the sky
The larks, still bravely singing, fly
Unheard amid the guns,
We are the dead?  Short days ago,
We lived, felt dawn, saw sunsets glow,
Loved and were loved, and now we lie
In Flanders fields.

“Take up our quarrels with the foe.
To you from fallings hands we throw
The torch.  Be yours to bear it high.
If ye break faith with us who die,
We shall not sleep, though poppies blow
In Flanders fields.
my wishes for the bestith you today
  Are”
“Perseverance made a Bishop of His Reverence,” replied Jon Stuart, who saw that everyone was trying to figure out whether his reply had anything to do with the poem.  “Hey, when you grow up in New York, you gotta make Priests smile.”
“It is all so fantastic,” said Arnold, whose own adult life began by lifting weights during his days as a tank driver for the Austrian army.  “On with the show!”
–– End ––

