
Not Another
Vampire Story

Sakurapu



Digitally Published by

WordLink on Smashwords

Not Another Vampire Story

Copyright © 2011 by Sakurapu


Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work. Also available on Amazon.com from Echo Press.



Table of Contents

Chapter One: Two Weeks and Counting
Chapter Two: Stripping by the Pool
Chapter Three: Starting Again
Chapter Four: Farewell to Summer
Chapter Five: No Visuals, Please
Chapter Six: Unlike a Vampire
Chapter Seven: Day at the Beach
Chapter Eight: Generation Slack & Coming Clean
Chapter Nine: Ride with Valtieri
Chapter Ten: Man in Uniform
Chapter Eleven: Elocution & a Little B&E
Chapter Twelve: Matt to the . . . Rescue
Chapter Thirteen: What Sylvia Saw
Chapter Fourteen: Friendly Denial
Chapter Fifteen: Sylvi and the Vampire



Chapter One: Two Weeks and Counting

Sylvia turned the first page in her new manga and sighed. Only two weeks until school started. She wasn’t ready for summer break to be over. And she certainly wasn’t ready for eighth grade.
At least she had all her core classes with Holly. It would totally suck not to.
She anchored the graphic novel with one elbow and used both hands to tighten her hair tie, then flipped her ponytail of strawberry blonde hair out her face before it got caught in her bubblegum.
Once school started she’d have to start matching her clothes again, wearing socks and shoes, and make sure her hair was combed.
“Get your wet swimsuit off the carpet!” Julia screeched.
The foot in Sylvia’s side was more than a nudge, but not quite a kick. Sylvia looked up – way up – at her older sister’s irate face. Usually the face was nice to look at; all blonde hair like a halo around her sister Julia, stunning blue eyes with perfect mascara, topping a faultless figure not suffering too much for the lack of top-notch fashion.
Sylvia sat up on the living room floor, careful not to get her book wet, and rearranged her beach towel better under her soggy bottom. She’d never look like Julia at seventeen-years-old. Not in a million years.
“Mom says you’re wearing a bra this year to school,” Julia said when she caught her younger sister’s blunt stare at her t-shirt. She smiled in satisfaction at Sylvia’s grimace.
“I don’t need one. How will it stay down? I’ve got nothing to put in it!” Sylvia leaned against the sofa behind her.
“Just a training bra, Sylvi.” Julia touched her hair, glimpsing herself in the oval mirror by the living room door.
“I don’t have anything to train.”
Julia applied a pink lipstick to her lips, making a test pucker. “I don’t understand your infatuation with those comic books.”
“They’re graphic novels, and they are the art form in Japan.”
Julia wiped a small extra bit of color from her lips. “Whatever. Where’s the point in reading –” she focused in the mirror at the manga in Sylvia’s hands, “– Girl Got Game? And it’s not just the books. The music, too. You’d think you were going to grow up and be Japanese or something.”
Sylvia blew a bubble and the oscillating pedestal fan blew her hair into it as it popped. She wiped her hair away with her hand, which jerked the gum clear out of her mouth.
Julia shook her head. “Serves you right, gum-head.”
Sylvia set the book down and gave her attention to the hair now matted with dull pink watermelon gum that had long ago lost its flavor. The more she fingered the gooey mess, the worse it got.
“Get the scissors and I’ll cut it out.” Julia looked out the narrow window by the door. “Hurry up.”
“I’ll do it myself.” Sylvia frowned, cross-eyed, at the sticky glopped-up hair hanging near her face.
Julia made a final check of her reflection. “My date’s here. Behave yourself. Mom will be home at eight.”
“You behave yourself,” Sylvia returned, rising to her knees to see what she could of her sister’s new boyfriend through the narrow window. Not much to see; just the top of dark hair of someone standing by the curb. She assumed there was a car nearby, out of sight. “Another one bites the dust.”
Julia gave her a mocking look. “He is absolutely gorgeous, I’ll have you know.”
“That’s why you’re so anxious to show him off to us?” Sylvia grinned.
Julia grabbed her purse from the chair, throwing a look to her sister. “Oh, by the way, your package came—three hours ago. KAT-TUN, is it?”
Sylvia made a face of horror. “You’re just telling me now?”
Julia stepped out. “Bye!”
Sylvia threw a pillow from the sofa at the closing door.
She got up and found the package on the phone stand in the kitchen, under a stack of mail for her mom. She dug through this and held the mailer up, smiling. KAT-TUN’s latest CD. She found the scissors from a kitchen drawer and carefully opened the package, and then with even more caution snipped the gum dangling from her hair.
She smiled at the photo on the CD cover. She gave her favorite member of the Jpop group a soft kiss. “Ahh. Junno...”


Chapter Two: Stripping by the Pool 

Holly had some of the frills Sylvia didn’t. While Sylvia’s blonde hair had a reddish cast that bounced out of control unless tamed by a tight ponytail, Holly’s half African-American descent gave her dark hair a texture that yielded well to the relaxer her mother used on it. Since summer had begun and Sylvia started hanging out at her mother’s boyfriend’s pool, her skin was nearly as dark as Holly’s light brown tint.
Holly had at first stood out in their small elementary school’s fifth grade in central Ohio, but after she started middle school – and Jamie Goddard had called her chocolate milk, ‘the delicious kind’ – she’d got over the stigma. It didn’t hurt that Jamie Goddard was one of the better-looking boys in sixth grade at the time, and still was last year in seventh, or that he was constantly giving her little nudges in math class and always finagled his way into being her partner in science class. He’d shortened her nickname to simply Chocolate.
Sometimes Sylvia thought no one at school wanted a glass of white milk with big reddish hair and blue eyes.
“I don’t know how you don’t see it,” Holly said as they lounged at the pool in the backyard of Brian’s house the next afternoon. Being friends with Sylvia had its perks, and one was the rich boyfriend her mom had. Pools, pizza parties, big screen television – all of it – and in one of the newer ranch-style houses in one of the nicer subdivisions.
“I think Junno is so much sweeter. He is so underestimated.” Sylvia bent her knees and sat back in the lounge chair by the crystal blue in-ground pool waters, the warm late August sun hot on her skin. To their side a CD player rested on the patio table, sheltered from the sun by a mock palm tree umbrella that covered a three-foot circle, Obachan Rock coming from its speakers. Two glasses of soda were warming in the day’s heat despite the moderate palm shading.
“You weren’t saying that when he was blond and had the blue contacts in.” She smiled at Sylvia’s frown.
“I don’t want to think about those months.”
Holly sighed, adjusting her yellow two-piece swimsuit bottom where a wedgie was creeping up. “Nishikido Ryo is perfect. You’ll see it soon.”
“Oh, he’s hot, but Junno is my first choice.”
“Humph. Ryo is in two bands; Kanjani8 and News. That should tell you something, girl.”
Sylvia stood up and twisted to look at the back of her legs. She groaned, running a hand over her teal blue bikini bottom. The backs of her thighs had big sweaty red spots where she’d been sitting for half an hour in the chair. “Is there any way to sit that won’t leave red marks?”
“Don’t think so. You could stand on your head.”
Sylvia waved her off. “I’m going in to get my CD. My turn.”
Holly sighed, listening to the Kanjani8 song play out as Sylvia disappeared into the house.
Sylvia slid the glass door that led from the deck of Brian’s yard into his house. The central air system wasn’t on – one of Brian’s few rules – and the climate inside was warm, but not uncomfortable. The kitchen was to the right, a rec room to the left. A strange layout for a house, Sylvia thought, but her mom said the rec room was probably supposed to be something else, like a dining room, but since Brian didn’t really dine it was more of an informal hang-out room. Two sofas, the smaller of the big screen TVs, and a few upholstered chairs were arranged there.
In one of these now was Julia, sitting in her sleek black bikini, gold accents emphasizing all her charm points, as their mom would call them, with one heel on the chair’s edge as she painted her toenails.
“Terry’s coming over, so don’t be your usual self.” Julia blew on the muted pink nail polish. “Be a girl, okay?”
“Hi, Silly.” It came from the corner, followed by a squawk and flutter of feathers.
Sylvia looked to the white cockatiel. “It’s Sylvi, you bird-brain.”
“I’m telling,” the bird chirped. It stepped from foot to foot on its T-bar perch, tether swinging.
“Don’t,” Julia warned as Sylvia approached the bird with one hand raised. “Leave Blanche alone.”
Sylvia scowled at the bird. One good flap of anyone’s arm and Blanche would forget her tether, attempt to fly off the perch, and end up dangling by one foot until she could beak-claw her way back to the top.
“Who names a bird Blanche? She can’t even say her own name. It’s just vulgar.” Sylvia put on her sweetest smile and stepped closer to the bird. “Say I’m a Blanche.”
“Don’t make her.” Julia studied her toes, satisfied. “It’s supposed to mean white.”
Sylvia crossed the room to where her non-school book bag – i.e., go-to-Dad’s-house bag – was on one of the sofas. “So, when’s this really hot guy coming over?”
Julia looked at her fingernails, tilting her head and stretching her long fingers. “Any minute. Make sure Holly behaves, too.”
Sylvia tossed the empty water bottles and an old math assignment from seventh grade around inside the bag until she found the CD wrapped in a pair of shorts. Her manga were in the second large pocket – she had her priorities – where there was no chance of any stray drips of water ruining their covers. She smiled at the case cover, her eyes only for the top right photo of Junnosuke Taguchi. “Yeah, you know Holly. Stealing guys twice her age. She’s bad for that.”
Julia shook her head. “Terry’s twenty, you twit.” A car door was heard from the driveway at the front of the house and she stood. “Now be nice. I think he’s here.”
“My usual adorable self.” Sylvia fiddled with her swimsuit top, wishing there was a little more in the cups to keep it from shifting.
Julia wrapped a beach towel of brilliant reds and deep purple in a swirl pattern around herself, needlessly accentuating her small waist. “Go outside, Sylvi.”
“I’m going. Don’t lock us out.”
“I’m not going to; now split.”
Sylvia zipped her bag shut. “When do we get to meet him?”
“A little later. About half an hour, okay?” Julia smoothed her hair back in its ponytail at the back of her head, sending a waft of peach scent shampoo to her younger sister.
Sylvia left and rejoined Holly at the poolside, the sun immediately bringing a dry heat to her skin. “Well, he’s here.”
Holly gave her a bewildered look. “Brian?”
“No, Terry.” Sylvia repositioned her lounge chair so it was angled to watch inside the house. “We get to meet him later. He can’t be as gorgeous as Julia says.”
“I don’t know; she’s had some pretty hot ones.”
Sylvia looked at the CD player. “Want to get your people out or should I?’
“Back off, Red. No one touches my Kanjani CDs but me.”
“That’s what I figured.”
Holly pulled out her beloved music CD and Sylvia enclosed the KAT-TUN CD and hit play. She sat down in the lounge chair, sighing. For a moment they each got comfortable in the blazing sun, and then a smile crossed Sylvia’s face as a Japanese pop tune began.
“I’m thinking about dropping Girl Got Game,” Holly said after a moment.
Sylvia frowned. “Why? You said it was the best manga you’d read in two years.”
“It’s not. Ever since Chiharu threw Kyo out, I just can’t sympathize with him anymore. He’s not very sensitive.” Holly sighed, looking into the house at the two forms they could see through a window moving inside near the kitchen. “She can’t help it she has to pose as a boy to play basketball.”
Sylvia followed her friend’s gaze. They could see Julia inside, leaning against the kitchen island counter, a definite masculine form standing close, one hand around her waist. “Well, Kensuke is coming up in the next volume, I think, and he –”
“You said you wouldn’t read ahead.” Holly’s hand whapped Sylvia’s shoulder—right on a spot that was starting to get sunburned-tender.
“Ow! I didn’t.” Sylvia rubbed the red area. “I just looked at the spoilers, kind of, online. Not much, Holly.” She was about to say more when the song on the CD got her attention. She turned the volume up. “Hold it.” She smiled as the verse was sung, and then backed down the sound. “Ah, Junno’s line.”
They looked to where Julia was still leaning her back on the kitchen counter, both of the second figure’s arms wrapped around her, their torsos together tight. Holly sighed; Sylvia felt something verging on voyeurism.
“This is kinda weird,” she mumbled, but didn’t look away. She shook her head, after a moment her eyes leaving the two figures in the house that were intent on each other. “You’re dropping Girl completely?”
“I don’t know. I was thinking about starting Fruits Basket.” Holly was ready for the laughter that erupted from Sylvia. “It’s got a big fan-base, girl. And a Kyo.”
“A boy-Kyo, Holly.” Sylvia giggled, shoving Holly’s shoulder, careful not to jar the CD player between them. “I can’t believe you.”
“Well, I might. I don’t know yet.” Holly made a disagreeable face at the house. “How long have they been going out?”
“I don’t know. Three or four weeks.” Sylvia watched the two forms separate and go farther into the kitchen. “She’s been absolutely gaga and it’s so embarrassing. She never goes asinine over guys.”
“He must have something, then.”
Sylvia nodded slowly, and then looked up at the relentless sun and back to the shade falling from the palm umbrella. “Let’s move to the table. We’re losing the shade.”
“Take a swim?” Holly suggested as they stood and collected their towels from the lounge chairs.
“Yeah, after I get KAT-TUN out of the sun.” Sylvia shook out the towel.
Behind her the glass door at the house slid open and a deep voice called out across the small yard. “Hey, Sylvia, Holly, you ladies want some iced tea?”
Sylvia and Holly looked to the deck, each sheltering their eyes from the sun to see Julia’s latest boyfriend. But the sun only shadowed from the neighbor’s house, allowing Terry to be visible as a dark form on Brian’s deck.
“Yeah, thanks!” Sylvia shouted back. When Terry went back into the house, she turned to Holly, who was standing akimbo, shaking her head. “What?”
“Listen, Red, if you’re going to speak to him at least make him come out here where we can ogle him properly.” Holly shrugged. “That was our chance.”
“Julia said she’d introduce us later.” Sylvia cast a look at the house. Actually, that wasn’t exactly how Julia had put it.
“She better.”
Sylvia turned to look at her legs, past her butt, angling out a foot. Yup. Red marks the size of Frisbees below her butt-cheeks. Great impression, Sylvi, she thought.
Holly was already at the table at the corner of the pool, bending over to pull the lever on the half-folded umbrella. Sylvia set her towel on one of the three bench seats anchored to the table. Behind her she heard the door slide open again and looked over her shoulder to see Julia and Terry step out onto the deck, she with a tray of drinks.
“They’re coming,” she said, turning back to Holly.
Suddenly the umbrella flipped up, making Sylvia step back, but not quickly enough. The tip of an umbrella spine caught her bikini top at her chest, snapping the back strap, ripping the strings behind her neck, and the teal top went zinging over the wooden plank fence and into the neighbor’s yard.
For a split second Sylvia didn’t move, exposed, and able to only stand immobile as Holly looked back at her in wide-eyed horror. Then a scream burst out of Sylvia, she crossed her arms over her un-tanned self, and dropped to her knees. Holly grabbed a towel and covered Sylvia’s shoulders in a James Brown-esque performance.
Sylvia’s mouth was still gaping as she looked back to her sister and Terry, who had halted halfway across the yard.
“Sylvia! Stop it!” Julia demanded. Beside her, Terry appeared to be chuckling.
Stop it?! Sylvia thought, slowly rising. She pulled the edges of the towel closer and ran around the pool’s side, snagging the KAT-TUN case as she went, dashing past the blur that was Julia and Terry – whom she no longer wanted too close of a look at – and onto the deck.
She barely opened the sliding glass door enough to slip through and dashed into the relative safety of the bathroom down the hall from the kitchen. Once there she sat on the toilet lid, panting and still screaming inside her head, her knees shaking, and what little of her bosom jiggling. She hugged the towel closer. Why now?
In front of Holly. In front of Terry. 
A knock came to the door, making her jump and yelp.
“It’s me,” Julia said from the hall. “I’m coming in.”
“Stay out,” Sylvia said as Julia opened the door and smiled, closing it behind her. “I said stay out.”
“Great. My sister, the streaker.” She held out Sylvia’s bag. “Put a shirt on.”
“I don’t have one. Only shorts.” Sylvia snatched the bag and looked in it anyway.
“Nice first impression.” Julia leaned against the door, throwing her an accusatory look.
“I didn’t mean it. Jeez, Julia, how about –?”
“How’s Gypsy Rose Lee in there?” came a male voice from the hall.
Sylvia made a confused face. Julia laughed, turning to the door and opening it a crack.
“Stop it!” Sylvia cried, even though the door was only open two inches.
“Can I help?” Terry asked, still unseen.
“No!” Sylvia answered, but her sister nodded.
“Want to give me a ride home to get an extra shirt?”
There was a fumbling sound, then a pleased, flirty look crossing Julia’s face, and then a navy t-shirt was reached in through the slot of opening at the door. “Will this do?”
“Thanks.” Julia shut the door, smiling. She turned to Sylvia. “Here.”
Sylvia took the shirt with two fingers, still clutching the towel. She smelled the shirt. Actually, kind of nice cologne, she decided. She freed a few more fingers to check the size of the shirt. No slouch, Terry. She frowned at Julia. “You told him my name is Gypsy?”
Julia shook her head. “Oh, you unlearned fool. Gypsy Rose Lee was a notorious stripper from the burlesque days.”
“What?!”
Julia opened the door, making Sylvia clutch the towel again. “Hurry out, little sis.”


Chapter Three: Starting Again 

Two days later Sylvia had stopped blushing. Her impromptu striptease act by the pool was still on her mind, but she’d stopped clutching the extra material on her pajamas in her sleep and waking up in a cold sweat.
Holly hadn’t forgot it, but Sylvia had enough damage on her friend to make sure Holly didn’t breathe a word to anyone they knew. Besides, she knew where Holly kept her Kanjani8 CDs.
Just as the dust settled and life tried to return to normal for Sylvia, Julia decided it was time for Terry to come to dinner at the Burns house. She even convinced their mom to make lasagna and Caesar salad. The garlic bread they bought from Dahlia’s Artisan Breads, Julia’s favorite.
Holly was supposed to be gone by the time Terry arrived Thursday evening, but she was lagging, hoping to get a glimpse of Julia’s new guy. She lounged near Sylvia’s bed, belly down on the carpet and feet swinging in the air as KAT-TUN’s Freedom played in the bedroom. Sylvia sat cross-legged across from her on the floor, eyes moving dreamily over the CD case, smiling at Junno.
Holly gave the CD player a look of disgust as the mellow tune bopped along. “What the hell is this, Sylvi? The soundtrack to the Kirby game or something?”
Sylvia frowned, holding the case closer. “No.”
“Sure sounds like it.” Holly turned back to her volume of Fruits Basket.
“It’s not juvenile at all. It’s so soft. Smooth. You should appreciate that.”
Holly shook her head, her straightened hair barely moving. “It sounds like it belongs in an arcade game.”
Sylvia looked to the clock on the desk, what little of it she could see. So the room was a mess. It was summer. Stacks of paperback books she’d meant to read during break lined one wall, while her manga collection – pristine condition – was categorized by author and release date on the only organized shelf in the room.
“Speaking of juvenile,” she said, nudging Holly’s book with her toe – a recently trimmed, blood-red painted toenail, to be precise – and quickly pulling it back. “I tried the first one. Tohru’s not the sharpest knife in the drawer.”
“But she’s such a sweetheart. She looks out for everyone.” Holly moved the manga from Sylvia’s abusive foot. “She’s got Yuki’s attention, you bet, and Kyo’s.”
“They’re just tired of their standard charcoal-rich diet. Besides, there’re all those secrets they each carry. What a rip.” Sylvia leaned her back on the half-made bed, sighing. “Can’t even bump up against any of them; they’ll turn all zodiac. Where’s the fun in that?”
Holly closed her eyes, inhaling the aroma of tomato, basil, and cheese wafting down the hall. “Lasagna,” she breathed.
“Yeah, well, I can’t ask you to stay. He’s coming over.” Sylvia looked to the clock again. “In fact...”
“I’m going.” Holly grumbled, slowly getting to her feet and pulling down her short-shorts cuffs, hitching her belt loops higher. “I can’t wait for these styles to pass and we can go back to normal waistlines. These make my rolls spill out. I got double muffin-tops.”
Sylvia nodded. “I hate all these pinch-points.” She watched Holly collect her manga and CDs.
“Give me the 411 later.”
“Yup.”

An hour later the table was set in the modest Burns house dining room with French classic white dishes, matching salad bowls, etched clear tumblers, and their best silverware. Sylvia knew this because she was in charge of arranging the tableware while her mom and Julia finished the salad and mixed iced tea. The instant kind, with lemon, and lots of ice.
Sylvia had seen a lot of guys pass through Julia’s life; rich ones, cute ones, handsome ones, good-hearted but dirt-poor ones. None of them had ever earned a lasagna dinner, however. She wondered how Terry rated such an occasion. And so early in the relationship.
He arrived promptly at seven o’clock, and Julia – in her best little black dress and strappy heels – answered the door. Sylvia hung back by the kitchen doorway, her own cargo shorts and pale pink tank top an odd comparison to her sister’s attire. Even their mom hadn’t gotten into the dress code. She was her usual self, gauze skirt in spectrum colors and fringe-trimmed plum camisole, bare feet, and carved bone and jade necklace of chunky ovals. Their mom had never got past her earthy bohemian college days. Being an assistant professor at Ohio State University didn’t help, either.
Terry stepped into the living room, handing Julia a bouquet of tiger lilies and giving her an easy kiss on the cheek.
“You’re right on time,” Julia said, taking his hand and leading him to the kitchen.
For a moment, as her sister and Terry headed straight for Sylvia, she felt as if she were facing a train head-on. Julia was leading, her face beaming, hand clenched in his. Terry looked directly at Sylvia, and she felt his brown eyes peer directly into her, like he could see the very bottom of her soul. But he smiled, perfect even teeth, cleanly shaven face, smelling of musk as he stepped nearer.
“Hello, Sylvia,” he said, taking her hand and kissing the back of it before it occurred to her to move. 
Her first kiss…
Didn’t count, she thought hurriedly.
She only stared at the top of his dark hair – nearly black – as he briefly bent over her hand, lips warm against her skin below her knuckles. He looked at her, smiling, wiggling her fingers when she didn’t move.
“Hi,” she finally squeaked out, hoping he wouldn’t say anything about the pool or the wardrobe malfunction. Her cheeks began to grow hot, and she withdrew her hand.
“Hello, Ms. Burns,” he sad, turning to her mom as Sylvia flexed her hand, willing circulation to return to her brain. “It smells wonderful in here.”
Sylvia watched with dismay as her mom blushed, tossing an ‘Oh, it’s nothing; just a little lasagna’ at him, giggling like a bashful milk maid, and disappeared back into the kitchen. She saw Julia and Terry take seats in the love seat in the living room, her sister’s legs crossed at the ankles, her knees pressing against his. He cupped Julia’s hand in his own, looking to Sylvia.
In that flash of a moment, Sylvia felt the hairs on the back of her neck rise, something she couldn’t quite determine in his grin. Julia was right: he was gorgeous, but not in one of those artificial by-golly-he-has-to-work-at-it ways. He was honestly the best-looking guy she’d ever seen.
Sylvia shook her head and snapped Junno’s photo back into her mind.
“Julia says you’re going into eighth grade this year,” Terry said. Beside him Julia gestured to a chair.
“Sit down,” she said.
“I gotta help Mom.” Sylvia pulled her eyes away from the couple and went to the kitchen. Her mom was fanning herself with an oven mitt, a preoccupied look on her face.
“Boy, he’s a looker,” her mom said, waving the mitt faster, taking a deep breath.
“Mom, you’re embarrassing.”
Her mom opened the oven door. “Hot flashes are normal.”
Sylvia found a spatula server in the utensil drawer. “Not until menopause, they’re not.”
Her mom pulled back the tinfoil and steam rolled out of the lasagna pan.
“You let him call you Ms. Burns, not Ms. Collins,” Sylvia pointed out. Collins was her mom’s maiden – and now divorced – name.
“I’ll overlook that.”

And so it went. Sylvia sat in awe as her mom and Julia both made clever small talk with the guy who’d seen her topless – well, not full frontal topless; she’d had her back to him – and whose gentlemanly manners would’ve shamed the best lady-killer into therapy. Julia sat there sipping lemon iced tea like a southern belle, her mom like an avant guard Streetcar Named Desire wanna-be, on the enclosed porch in the soft evening breeze after dinner.
Like some warped kittens lapping up milk, Sylvia thought, sitting across from them. In the dark, with Julia half-huddled at Terry’s arm, Sylvia caught a glimpse of a small square patch of tan on his arm, just below the navy polo shirt sleeve. The logo on the shirt was one she’d seen before—she’d worn his t-shirt with the same name.
Dakmarr-Moore Pharmaceuticals.
Which made him Terry Dakmarr, Valtieri Dakmarr, actually—an old family name, he’d explained to their enchanted mom.
When Julia stood up to get dessert, peaches and French vanilla ice cream that was coming to temperature in the kitchen, Sylvia followed.
In the bright light of the kitchen Sylvia could see better the look of rapture pasted on Julia’s face. “Good grief, you’re like a love-struck fangirl, Julia.”
The older girl shrugged, scooping out peaches into four small dessert bowls on the counter. “Why not? He’s so nice, and handsome.”
“Yeah, well, Mom’s being ridiculous.” Sylvia drew her finger across the top of the ice cream in the tub.
Julia swatted her finger with the ice cream scooper. “A few manners wouldn’t kill you, Sylvi.”
“He’s wearing a patch.” Sylvia popped her finger of white cream into her mouth. “A nicotine patch. He’s a smoker. You hate smokers.”
“He’s quitting.”
She watched Julia top the peaches with ice cream. “He’s not perfect.”
“I never said he was.”
“Yes, you did.”
Julia turned to her, leaning closer. “And he doesn’t smell like smoke. I dare you to find something else wrong with him. He’s scrumptious, and he’s mine.”
Sylvia shrugged. “Okay. Yeah, but...” She watched Julia finish adding ice cream. “He doesn’t look twenty. He looks older.”
“If I tell you, Sylvi,” Julia’s tone now took on a no-nonsense deadliness, “you promise you won’t say anything to Mom?”
Ooh, blackmail material, Sylvia thought. She nodded until her ponytail was doing figure-eights in the air. “Promise.”
“Promise on your KAT-TUN collection?”
Sylvia made a disgusting face. “Why don’t you just make it my first born?”
“Promise?” The ice cream scoop was dripping over the tub, posed in Julia’s hand.
“I promise.”
A sly smile came to Julia’s lips. “He’s twenty-three.”
Sylvia’s eyes opened wide. “No shit?”
“Shut up, you moron.” Julia looked to the doorway quickly. Their mom’s low laughter came from the porch. “Don’t tell anyone, even Holly. Especially Holly.”
“Okay, okay.” Sylvia thought for a moment, catching and licking off the ice cream scoop as Julia attempted to put it in the sink. “Mom would make you dump him.”
“I know. Let’s go.” Julia handed her two dessert bowls. “Keep your trap shut, Sylvi.”
“Okay. I got it.”
They made their way back to the screened porch where their mom was smiling at Terry. In those fleeting seconds, in the meek light from the half moon, Sylvia looked full into Terry’s face and he returned her a secretive grin.
It was at that moment she knew Julia was in deep.


Chapter Four: Farewell to Summer

Summer wasn’t exactly winding down, not yet, but school was starting next Tuesday. Sylvia hated when school began before the Labor Day weekend. They’d have a few days of school, a few days off again, and then resume classes all herky-jerky, and that just ticked-off everyone.
But it also meant that Brian would have his last summer party, and that was always fun. These were always a cross between buffet and get-your-own, not sit-down dinners but not cut-offs and halter tops casual. Swimming was encouraged, but so were one-piece swimsuits. That was fine with Sylvia.
There were children here, you know, her mother and Brian had said.

Not as many kids as last year, Sylvia noticed the day of the party. Brian had three by his first wife and two by his second, all ranging in ages from thirteen to twenty-four, and some of the guests had teens, some younger kids who were at home with sitters or ex-spouses.
Usually Holly was there, too, but not this summer. She was baby-sitting, earning money for the next Kanjani8 CD. The evening promised to be half a snoozer without Holly.
Sylvia made do without her.
The party officially started at four o’clock, but most guests – and the bartender – didn’t really arrive until eight. Brian’s kids from Number One were there at noon because Number One had things to do that weekend. These were thirteen-year-old Kristi and fifteen-year-old Lane, both whom Sylvia had met before, and who weren’t too terribly terrible. She wondered if Lane had kept his flaming skull tattoo a secret since last New Year’s Eve’s party. Probably not; he’d been pretty sore since Christmas. But, if Number One was anything like Sylvia’s mom, keeping a secret tattoo might not be too difficult.
Kristi was okay, most of the time, and an absolute angel compared to Number Two’s sixteen-year-old Josie, who had been known up until the New Year’s Eve party as Jailbait. Now that she was sixteen they’d have to find another nickname for her. Several quickly came to mind.
Sylvia pulled on the hem of her fringed skirt, making the sable faux leather straighten momentarily. It wasn’t real leather; it wasn’t even a clever knock-off of a good original. Not on an assistant professor’s salary. The title was mostly just that – empty impression – more than money, but her mom seemed content with it. Sylvia and Julia were not so impressed. Her shoes were ones that Julia had passed down, low heel slip-ons with open toes, made of scuff-resistant gold lamé. The skirt was topped with her best tie-dye tank top of vivid blues and purples, and she’d pulled her bushy red-blonde hair up into a high ponytail so tight that her scalp screamed. She was ready.
People were already mingling around Brian’s pool, couples and singles, middle-aged men with bad pants and worse jewelry and comb-overs, and women with form-fitting, bulge-emphasizing short skirts and slinky spaghetti string tops. The day was hot, even for late summer in the Midwest, and the humidity was getting to everyone. Even the air conditioning was on. By early evening the heat was set, and the crowd had grown to twice its size. And the music on the speakers inside and outside the house had changed.
Sylvia groaned. Wasn’t disco supposed to be dead?
Everyone was taxed by the heat, except for Bob Grady, Brian’s neighbor. He was perched on a stool by the portable bar at the side of the pool, not close enough to get wet by an occasional cannonball dive from the diving board, but not so far that anyone lounging at the water’s side couldn’t hear him. He had one of the better heads of hair among the half dozen men at the bar. He smiled a lot, a sleazy smirk, and had a tendency to stand too close – especially to the young ladies – when he spoke. But that was it, Sylvia and Julia had learned. No hands.
Sylvia was just passing the bar as she overheard the account.
“So we’re sitting by my pool, me and Janis, the airline stewardess,” Bob said, grinning at his audience of men and a few women at the bar, “and it’s getting to be one of those moments, all close and cozy, and flinging through the air comes this blue swimsuit top! Just out of the sky like that. Fling! Right into my lap! Like a sign!”
“Janis’?” It was one of the men, of course. The bartender was listening in, too.
“No. Out of the air, over the fence!”
Sylvia felt the blush start at her cheeks and heat up through her hair until she thought her ponytail was going to catch fire. Left, right, left, right, she thought to her feet, trying to put distance between her and the bar stools of people. Bob only spoke louder, more passionately.
“So I’m thinking Oh, yeah, man; come on over, baby, but then I pick it up and look at it, and the top’s so small, I laugh and think This wouldn’t hold a damn thing!”
Sylvia quick-timed it to the other end of the pool where the deck door led to the kitchen area inside Brian’s house before she could hear the other men’s reactions.
At least Bob didn’t know it was her bikini top landing in his lap.
At the kitchen counter sat her peers, or so Brian had called them. His kids and a few other like-aged teens that had been towed to the party by their parents. Kristi was applying lip gloss to her already ultra-shiny lips, posing for herself in a compact mirror. Before her was a glass of diet Seven-Up and sliced lemons. To her right was Lane, a little less-lanky than Sylvia remembered him from New Year’s Eve, sporting a new shorter cut to his brown hair since the previous party bash. Across from them, kitchen-side, were two other middle teens leaning their backs to the counter.
Lane pulled a tall counter chair out some so Sylvia could sit down, looking her over carefully. “Have a seat. If you think that skirt will let you.”
She hiked herself into the chair, barely able to do so without adding a slit to the skirt. “Hey.”
“Hey yourself.” He pushed a plate of peanut-rice balls to her. “They’re hot.”
She didn’t know if he meant spicy or temperature hot. Kristi deemed her lips sufficiently shellacked and stowed her compact and lip gloss in a tiny purse hanging from her shoulder. She pulled at her mini dress skirt, making a face at her brother.
“Is anyone going swimming at this loser-fest or is it just old people and bad jokes?” she asked no one.
“We’ll swim when Josie gets here,” Lane said, a smile coming to his eyes. “I’ll bet she doesn’t wear a one-piece.”
There was an exchange of elbows between them and Sylvia decided to take a bite of the peanut ball. She’d just bit off half of it when her cell phone rang and she fumbled for it in her waistband. Holly, of course.
She answered it. “Hey, Holly.”
“Well, is he there yet?” Holly wasn’t alone; her two babysitting charges could be heard in the background arguing over a Yu-Gi-Oh game. She hadn’t seen Terry yet.
“No, he’s not.”
“Well, when’s that stud getting there?”
Sylvia put her hand partly over the phone at Holly’s outburst. “Later.”
Lane had heard. “Who’re you waiting on, Sylvi?”
“I’m not.” She chewed the rice and peanut clump quickly as the heat started in her mouth. He’d meant spicy. She looked around at the pitchers of punch on the counter, fanning her hand at her face.
“Told you,” he said, reaching for a blue plastic cup and pouring it full from a pitcher.
“Thanks,” she said, drinking half of it as Holly said ‘hello’ for the third time. She said into it, “I’m right here, Holly. I’ll call you when they’re here and give you an inch by inch description, okay?”
“Don’t forget, Red. I’m miserable here. I gotta see this one.”
“You will. Bye.” Sylvia closed the phone and stuck it back into her skirt.
“You know, they make holders for those things,” Lane said as Kristi crowded him to push the bowl of chili sauce to her. When she moved, her glittered ponytail almost wiped him in the face. He frowned at the facefull of hair. “Get out, Kristi.”
Kristi threw him a look and glanced across the counter to one of the two fifteen-year-old boys from other guests. “You guys want to go down to the ice cream place? Lane’s buying.”
“I am not.” Lane shoved her nearly off her chair.
“How far?” one asked, looking from Kristi to Sylvia.
Sylvia returned his stare. They both had two-toned blond hair and earrings in each ear, one a piercing in his eyebrow, and the other with a stud in his lip. Yuck. What a poor selection of almost-manhood, she thought. Terry hadn’t had any piercings, as she recalled.
“Just outside the sub. Two blocks.” Kristi batted her eyes, purple eye shadow thick.
“No way, you tramp. You’re not going anywhere with anyone I don’t know,” Lane said, catching her dress skirt as she slid off the chair.
Kristi batted at his hand. “I’ll tell Dad about your new tattoo.”
Lane frowned. “Shut up.”
“Then I’m going.” Kristi stuck her tongue out at him.
The blondest of the two boys across the counter made an off-color comment about Kristi’s gesture and what she could do to him with it, and Lane reached for him across the counter, nearly knocking over the pitcher. With a yelp, the blond boy was already in pain as Lane’s hands closed around his shoulder and collar at his throat, dragging him almost over the counter.
Sylvia popped the last bite of peanut ball into her mouth and saved her punch cup from certain death as the scuffle made its way to the end of the counter, with Lane tugging and the blond boy ow-ing about his collar in Lane’s hand. 
As if the shirt could really hurt, Sylvia thought as she went into the rec room. She took a seat on the sofa nearest the square coffee table, ignoring the scuffle in the kitchen between the two boys, swallowing a gulp of punch to put out the fire in her throat from the peanut-ball. The sofa opposite her was already crowded. She reached for the devilled eggs on the platter at the table before realizing they were the fancy kind—all flute-piped filling with scallion and caviar toppings. She decided instead to help herself to the plate of asparagus wrapped in thin strips of ham. She took a small plastic plate from the stack and put two asparaguses on it and then two stuffed mushrooms from another serving tray.
In the kitchen area someone – an older someone – was breaking up the squabble between Lane and the pierced-boy, but Sylvia didn’t look there. So, Lane had a new tattoo. She wondered where.
Her cell phone rang again, and she paused before answering it. Yup. Holly, the screen read. It’d only been ten minutes. She wished her camera function worked. Ever since its impromptu dip in the pool last June she’d been without. The sofa cushion suddenly moved and Sylvia looked to see another woman in her mid-thirties sit down, squishing her into a corner to make room for a man in his early forties. Sylvia wiggled away, smiling and nodding at the woman when she turned to her.
“Not bothering you, are we, honey?” she asked, but then turned back to the man before Sylvia could answer.
Sylvia decided to take the call on the third ring, easing farther away from the couple.
“Where the heck are you?” Holly asked as soon as Sylvia said hello.
“Where I was ten minutes ago. No, he’s not here yet.” Even as the words left Sylvia’s mouth, the front door opened and she saw Julia and Terry step in. Well, actually she saw their elbows around the half-balustered wall, but she knew it was them. And she wasn’t the only one noticing.  
“Well, who is that?” the woman beside her said, pushing away from the man at her side and straining for a better view into the living room.
Sylvia looked to her, trying not to giggle at the overly made-up eyes and bosom heaved into a bra past the pushed-up stage. “That’s my sister, Julia,” she said, answering the wrong question on purpose.
“Oh. Who’s that with her?”
The man was now clearing his throat, his hand grappling with the woman’s thumb ring.
“Did you say Julia?” Holly’s voice chirped. “Hey, Sylvia?”
Sylvia took a moment to stand up without splitting her skirt and managed to climb over the assorted legs extended from the other sofa, and went to the side wall.
“Yeah, they’re here,” she said into the phone. “Oh, he looks good tonight.” She fringed the wall, not too closely, as it was stucco and pointy, until she was at the corner of the rec and living rooms. Now she could clearly see her sister and Terry.
Julia was decked in her usual: a different little black dress trimmed in gold beading, perky figure graceful in the snug fit, black sandals beaded with rhinestones.
“Hello?”
Sylvia sighed into the phone. “Yeah, I’m here. Dark hair, like black.”
“Like black? Nishikido Ryo black, or American guy black?”
Sylvia found herself looking at the phone. “Holly, is there a difference between Asian black and American black hair?”
“You know there is.” 
“Dark brown eyes, piercing, and –”
“How close are you, Red? Right on top of them?”
“No. I just remembered that part.” Sylvia moved farther into the living room as Julia and Terry went into the hall leading to the family rooms on the other side of the house. She hung back, watching them turn into a room she knew was a bedroom, the sounds of the party and the out-dated music fading a bit behind her.
Sylvia stood at an angle in the hall, able to see into the darkened room without being too obvious. Inside, Terry had taken Julia into his arms, her hands on his chest, a moment of kissing. And then his arms pulled her closer, encompassing until she was pressed against him, his lips on her neck, a look of bliss on her face that Sylvia had never seen before.
Sylvia took a step back, glad her sister’s eyes were closed so she couldn’t see her in the hall. She saw Julia’s fingers curl against Terry’s black polo shirt, and heard something akin to a whimper escape her. They parted some, a lingering kiss once more, and Julia wiped his lower lip of her lipstick, smiling and speaking lowly to him.
“Like who?” Holly’s voice squealed.
Sylvia startled, nearly dropped the phone, and ducked into the empty bathroom a few feet away before Julia could spot her. 
“Shhhh!” Sylvia hissed into the phone.
“You’re the one who said it, not me.”
“What? What did I say?” Sylvia’s hands were shaking. Had she been narrating that aloud?
Julia suddenly appeared in the doorway and Sylvia snapped the phone off. “Hey, sis. What’re you doing in here?”
“N-Nothing,” Sylvia stammered as her sister stood beside her, flicking on the light and looking at herself in the sink mirror.
“No Holly tonight?” Julia studied her reflection, touching a hair that had become mussed.
“No. Babysitting.” She watched Julia smooth her dress, turn and lift one shoulder at her reflection. “Lane is supposed to be here.”
“Yeah, I saw him already.” Sylvia looked at her sister’s neck. Not a mark on her.
“That means his trademark fight.”
“I think he already had it.”
“Oh?”
“Some metro-sexual guy. Pincushion.” Sylvia’s mouth felt dry. “You’ll see him out there. Probably has a black-eye by now.”
Julia smiled, looking over Sylvia’s attire. “Cute outfit.”
“Thanks.” Sylvia wished her heart would stop beating so loudly, before Julia could hear it. The phone rang in her hand and she gripped it with both hands. “Probably Holly.”
Julia gave her a smile. “See you at the pool, sis.”
“Yup.”
Julia left and Sylvia peeked down the hall to make sure she was gone before closing the door and answering the phone. “Hey, Holly,” she said meekly, leaning against the bathroom vanity.
“What’s the big idea dropping me?”
“Sorry.”
“What’s going on?”
“Sorry.” Sylvia sighed. “Okay?”
“What was all that about?”
“What did I say?’
“Humph,” Holly said, miffed. “‘Leaning over her, ravishing like a Dracula.’ What kind of description is that, Red?” 
Good grief, had she really said that aloud? “That’s not what I meant, Holly. I’ll catch you up later.”
“Wait a minute, Sylvi –” 
“I’ll call you later.” Sylvia clicked off the phone. She took a deep breath, wondering why on earth she’d made such a description about Terry. It wasn’t what she’d seen. It must have been all those stupid, cheaply-made movies she’d seen on late night TV. Maybe it was the half-ecstatic expression on her sister’s face.
She opened the door and peered down the hall at the bedroom, inching forward, and then stopped abruptly. Inside the darkened room she saw Terry standing near the dresser, his shadowy reflection in the mirror seeming hazy, highlighted by the bright moonlight from the window. To her surprise he looked unlike she’d seen him before. His face was the same, but his complexion appeared drained, almost pale, nearly gaunt, making his hair seem that much darker. The mirror reflected only his eyes with any definition, and there was a strange vapid veneer to them.
And in his hand he held a syringe, his fingers tight, guiding the plunger, the needle in the flesh of his other arm, crooked and steadied against his side, a rubber band wrapped and tied near his elbow. His jaw was set, a somber expression on his face.
Sylvia stood motionless, watching in horror as he finished shooting up. He removed the rubber band at his arm and rummaged around in a small bag on the dresser. She saw him go to the window, his fingers opening and closing a few times, the movement exposing the patch on his skin near his sleeve. In the light of the moon he appeared to regain some of his lost color.
Sylvia slowly backed down the hall, her shoes catching on the carpet. She nearly stumbled, and then turned, making her way quickly back to the disco music.


Chapter Five: No Visuals, Please

Having gym first period was Sylvia’s worst nightmare, or at least one of her nightmares. She was quite sure losing her bikini top at the pool was the worst. And she didn’t even have Holly to share her misery of gym. Holly had art, with Jamie, first hour. 
“Heads up, Burns!” someone shouted as Sylvia turned in time to get the whop of the red rubber dodge ball on her left cheek. The bone-jarring impact was followed by a stinging that promised needing a skin graft after lunch.
“Ow!” she shrieked, and then moaned, her hand going to her face, dropping the thirty-foot-long beaded jump rope. The rope was whisked across the floor by Tish in mid-swing at the opposite end, cutting the feet out from under Annie and Sarah who were skipping in tandem in-between. They fell in a heap as Tish pulled the rope back like a bullwhip from sheer momentum.
“What’s going on?” Mr. Lincoln crossed the maple gym floor to where half the girls in the class were holding assorted injuries. 
Annie and Sarah were in a crumple of legs and knees, holding their ankles and tailbones, and Tish had received a smarting flip from the rope’s recoil. Mr. Lincoln looked them all over briefly, and then headed to Sylvia first.
“What’d you do?” His hand turned her chin jerkily, fast enough to make a secondary whiplash injury. He was a tiny man, petit, if he’d been female, and had all the soft and soothing qualities that came with his type-A personality.
“I didn’t do anything,” Sylvia grumbled, making a face that only led to the cheek feeling like a black mark at a traffic light. “One of them brutes,” she said, indicating the dozen eighth grade boys trying to hurt each other with the dodge balls.
“You’re fine. Walk it off, and then hit the locker room.” Mr. Lincoln turned his attention to the other girls.
Sylvia held her wounded cheek and quickly walked it off directly to the locker room across the gym. Once there she got a better look at the mark in the wide mirror over the row of sinks, and Golly, it was a big one, she thought. Half a palm in size, bologna red, and hot as a sunburn. She frowned into the sink and ran the cold water tap until it was mediocre cool. She wetted her fingers and held some of the water to her face, then bent to stick her face under the faucet.
“I think he meant the girls’ locker room.”
Sylvia stood up too quickly at the male voice behind her, a somewhat cracking voice, and scraped her cheek on the faucet. She spun around to see Matt standing a few feet away, grinning and skinny in his gym shorts and t-shirt. She frowned as much as possible, then cranked a wad of paper toweling out of the wall dispenser and held it to her dripping cheek. 
Girls...? She looked at the blue lockers past the sinks. She darted for the doorway.
“Anytime,” he said as she quickly slipped past him and back out to the gym floor and into the nearby girls’ locker room, separated only by two water fountains. 
What kind of lousy setup was having locker room entrances only ten feet apart? she wondered, weaving among the few other girls now at the benches between the rows of olive green lockers. Shouldn’t there be a set of bleachers between the locker rooms?
Sarah was sitting on the bench between the lockers and holding an ice pack to her ankle. “Why’d you just let go, Sylvi?”
“I didn’t just let go. I got hit in the face by a ball.” Sylvia dried her cheek and tossed the paper towel in a waste basket.
Annie was leaning against the wall by the tall mirror amid the lockers, an ice pack between the block wall and her tailbone. “Is that what happened to your face?”
“Yes.” Sylvia found her narrow green locker and tried to remember the combination to it.
Sarah frowned, wincing as she looked at Sylvia’s face. “That looks like it hurts.”
Sylvia nodded. “Yeah.”
“Why’d you go into the boys’ locker room?” Annie asked. “You got a thing for Matt?”
Sylvia ripped open her locker door, gritting her teeth as she blocked her view of Annie.

Second hour was math, and they finally got real assignments, being the third day of school, and third hour was science, in which they were assigned partners for a project due at the end of September. Holly got Jamie, of course, and Sylvia got Matt, naturally.
It wasn’t until lunch after fourth hour that Holly got a chance to get the details on Sylvia’s glowing left cheek. 
Holly just shook her head. “You gotta be quicker, Red.”
Sylvia gave her a dirty look. “Maybe they coulda said my name first, not just heads up.” She squeezed a mound of mayonnaise out of the packet on her chicken patty sandwich and replaced the bun. “You know?”
Holly nodded. They’d picked a corner table of the cafeteria, one of the power positions in the room, where they could look out over the seventh grade tables on the other side. All this – all nine seventh grade tables – was their new fiefdom, and they would rule it from the domain of the eighth grade tables. But they would be gentle masters, especially to the untrained sixth graders in the halls.
Holly leaned closer, positioning a straw in her peach nectar bottle, away from the others sitting at the table at the other end. She’d gotten a brief glimpse of Terry as he drove Julia to school, but a glimpse had been enough, worth at least a thousand words. “I think he’s gorgeous. Not Dracula-like at all. Where was your head last week?”
The words hit a sour note with Sylvia as she flattened the top bun on her chicken sandwich. “If you’d seen what I did, you’d understand. It was just a metaphor, anyway. I didn’t really mean he looked vampirish; just, you know, all hanging on her, and had...his...” She didn’t want to say the words. Julia was her sister, after all.
“Pouncing?” Holly added hopefully, eyes wide, munching methodically on a French fry.
“He wasn’t moving fast enough to pounce.” Sylvia took a bite of her sandwich.
“Did she move away?”
Sylvia shook her head, mouth full. “Would you?”
Holly sighed, a dreamy look crossing her face. “No.”
“It was just the body language, you know?” Sylvia washed down the bite with the carton of tepid milk. She hadn’t told Holly about the rest of what she’d seen at the party that night, of Terry and the needle later in the back bedroom. She hadn’t said anything to Julia, either.
“I thought he had good teeth.” Holly shrugged, sticking two French fries in her mouth.
Sylvia saw Jamie finish loading his plate in the lunch line and search the room for Holly. He found her easily, being the second tallest boy in eighth grade, his brown eyes smiling when he spotted her. Sylvia sighed. She wished someone smiled that way when they saw her. He made his way toward their table. She nodded. “He does have good teeth.”
“He didn’t smell like smoke to me.” Holly was oblivious to Jamie’s approach, intent on her taco salad. It was actually more iceberg lettuce with sparse taco-flavored meat-type stuff on top, sprinkled with shredded cheddar and whatever crumbs the lunch ladies had scraped up from the bottom of the tortilla chip bags. With enough taco sauce and sour cream, Holly had made it appear almost passable.
Sylvia moved her tray a bit when Jamie slid his across the table, his gaze on Holly. “He does smell good. All musk and cologne.”
Jamie’s eyes snapped to Sylvia, and then Holly. “Who smells good?”
Sylvia wanted to answer, but she was in the middle of taking a bite from the chicken sandwich. Holly answered first.
“Julia’s new guy.” She sipped her peach-colored drink with the straw, cocking her head to the side, looking askance at him. “Sylvi thinks he looks like Dracula.”
Sylvia swallowed, coughed, burped, and blushed in order. “I didn’t say it that way, Holly.”
Jamie’s attention left the pile of food on his tray to look at her better. “Holy shit. What happened to your face?”
Sylvia wished blushing would take some of the color out of her burning cheek. “Dodge ball.”
He nodded and opened the first of many ketchup packets. “Ouch.”
Sylvia nudged Holly with her elbow. “I didn’t mean it that way. Not like all rabid and stuff.”
Holly turned her attention to her. “Like a vampire but not Dracula?”
“Dracula was actually based on the historical Vlad the Impaler, a real figure in medieval times who was noted for his lust for blood,” Jamie said. He squeezed ketchup onto his first of two hamburgers. He smiled, reaching for the two packets of mustard by his twin cartons of milk.
“Not like that.” Sylvia took a drink of milk so she could clarify what she meant.
“Bela Lugosi was the most popular vampire actor on TV.” Jamie nodded and took an enormous bite from the first burger. “The special effects in his movies where he changed into a bat were cutting edge, for his time.”
Sylvia groaned, recognizing the name of the actor. “He doesn’t look like Lugosi at all; I just meant he has dark hair – perfect dark hair – and really deep brown eyes, and he’s tall, and the way, well, he...” Jamie was leaning over his tray now, waiting for her to continue. Holly had edged closer, too. “I didn’t mean vampire at all,” Sylvia said. “I just meant really really intent on, well, on Julia.”
Jamie grinned. “Why wouldn’t he be? Julia’s a looker.”
Holly kicked him beneath the table. “She’s way older than you, Bucko.”
He nodded, taking another bite from the burger, fiddling with his two orders of French fries until they were in a pile on the tray. “I don’t mind.” He found another stash of ketchup packets by his milks. “You’re only seeing him as a predator because she’s your sister.”
“I didn’t say predator,” Sylvia said. She finished her sandwich and pulled her sliced peach cup closer. “And he is nice to her.”
“He’s a smooth one.” Holly offered the last half of her fries to Sylvia, who shook her head, and then Jamie, who smiled and willingly took them. “The whole package, Red.”
Jamie made a disagreeable face at the statement. “Don’t be looking at packages, Chocolate.”
Sylvia pulled the plastic off the fruit cup and stirred the peaches with her spork, frowning at the bright yellow pieces. “Yeah, Terry’s really got it all.”
It was time to talk to Julia about her new guy.


Chapter Six: Unlike a Vampire
	
It was only Jamie’s analogy at lunch that put Bela Lugosi’s image in Sylvia’s mind, she was quite sure, and it was still there when she got home that afternoon to find Terry’s black Mustang parked in their driveway. She paused at the neighbor’s hedge, pulling the hair-tie from her ponytail and shaking out her hair. Maybe if she went in through the kitchen door she could avoid Julia and Terry. 
Not so.
She’d barely slipped in the back door only to confront both of them. Julia was at the counter, a cutting board, knife, and ingredients before her. Terry was sitting at the table, as if watching for the back door to open, the kitchen radio playing some pop tune.
It was too late to make a break for the front door, so Sylvia ducked behind her hair and tried to exit to the hall near the living room.
“Don’t be rude. Come back and say hi.” Julia’s ever-sympathetic voice stopped Sylvia in her tracks, still avoiding looking at Terry. Her hair hung over most of her face, peek-a-boo style.
“Very Veronica Lake,” Terry said, grinning as she slowly peeked at him.
Julia finally turned around, a large spoon clinging with rice in her hand. “What’re you hiding, sis?”
Sylvia edged to the hall, trying not to lift her head that would remove her protective curtain of reddish-blonde hair. “Nothin’. Just in a hurry.”
“Hmm?” Julia raised an eyebrow, setting the spoon back in the glass bowl of vinegar-laced white rice.
Sylvia looked to the sheets of nori, rice, and chopped ingredients her sister was preparing. “What are you making?”
Julia stepped closer, wiping the hair away from Sylvia’s cheek. Her blue eyes widened, and then she gripped her younger sister firmly by a shoulder and pulled all her hair back. “You got hit?”
“No.” Sylvia tried to flinch from Julia, but the older sister grabbed the book bag away and gave it to Terry, then pushed her to the sink where the light from the window was better. 
She tilted Sylvia’s head. “What happened? You and Holly have a fight?”
“Jeez, let me go. No, it wasn’t Holly.” Sylvia tried to pry Julia’s fingers from either side of her face. “Would you let go?”
Terry had set the bag on the table and was now standing behind Julia, leaning over her to see Sylvia better.
He whistled lowly. “Did someone hit you?”
For a moment Sylvia just stared back at him, wondering how Julia ever managed to speak with him so close, smelling of aftershave, concern leasing his dark eyes. And then she remembered that even Julia lost herself sometimes when he was this close.
“No; it’s from gym…class,” she stammered, adding class so they wouldn’t think it was a Jim. “Dodge ball.”
“You never play dodge ball,” Julia murmured, finally releasing her face.
Sylvia stood straight, pulling her hair over her cheek, eyes still going to each of Terry’s arms. He was wearing a short-sleeved t-shirt, hunter green, with the Dakmarr label again. Her eyes traveled up each arm, finding no telltale needle marks or bruising on his well-shaped arms. Below one sleeve she glimpsed a square patch of white. When she looked to his face, she knew he’d noticed her stare.
Julia left for the refrigerator and opened the freezer. “You should keep ice on it, sis.” She rummaged around for an ice pack.
Sylvia looked to Terry. Amusement hinted his eyes, something of a grin at his lips, one corner lifting in less than a smirk. “I know you know,” he said in a low tone. “I don’t anymore.”
Sylvia opened her mouth, but no words came out; just a miserable squeaking sound. She merely nodded, some mindless bobble-headed movement. “...Okay.”
He grinned fully now, his eyes going again to the mark on her face. “I might have something for that.”
She made another bobble. 
Julia was tossing things through the freezer, cursing in her cute way. “Where’re all our ice packs?”
“Are you sure no one hit you, Sylvia?” Terry asked, the depths of his eyes holding her, almost mesmerizing.
She took a deep breath, wanted to step away, but couldn’t because the sink was right behind her. “No one hit me.” Don’t look into its eyes! came dialog from a dozen vampire movies through her head. Or maybe those were Medusa movies, not vampire movies. They certainly weren’t Terry movies.
“Here.” Julia appeared at his elbow and presented Sylvia with an ice pack shaped like a large frozen yellow Plain M&M candy. “Hold it to your cheek until it’s melted.”
Sylvia took it, scowling. “I don’t need an ice pack.” She looked to Terry, now able to compose herself. “I got a math quiz to study for,” she said, easing away from them. She grabbed her book bag and headed down the hall before she realized she still had the M&M.
“Already?” came Julia’s voice as Sylvia reached her bedroom and shut the door.
She didn’t answer, instead dropping her bag by her bed, automatically turning on the CD player to a KAT-TUN song, and slouched into her desk chair. She flicked on the computer screen and opened a side desk drawer to find the small mirror she kept there. She looked at herself, grimacing at the darker patch of skin on her left cheek. It did look like she’d been slapped hard enough to knock her off her feet. She put a finger to it; yup, still tender.
She put the mirror away and logged-in on the internet to check her email account. She looked at the list of new emails. So far it was Holly, Holly, and Matt. She made a face. How did he get her email address? Oh, science partner-stuff. She’d been in so much pain after gym she’d accidentally given him the email she actually checked on a daily basis instead of a throw-away account.
She looked at the top of the home page, and then typed into the search engine space.
Dakmarr.
The name was all over Terry’s shirts, and since he was hanging around Julia so much, Sylvia thought she should check up on things. The screen changed to listings for the entry, and the whole first page was devoted to various lines including Dakmarr Pharmaceuticals. She opened the first longest listing and waited for the page to load, absently holding the M&M to her cheek.
The outline of lab beakers and mortars was in the top left corner of the page, above a very modest looking three-story brick building. “The world’s oldest family-owned pharmaceutical company,” she read from the italicized slogan. “Where experience matters.” She shrugged. Oldest? How old could that be? Mid-1800s?
“Ooh, checking up on him.”
Julia’s voice made Sylvia drop the ice pack on the key board. It took a bounce, changing the screen to another minimized open file on KAT-TUN CD release dates she’d been keeping.
“What about a knock, Julia?” Sylvia wiped the condensation from the melting M&M off the keyboard with her shirt. She deleted from the screen the nml that the ice pack had accidentally typed as it bounced, and saved the file, and then minimized it, which made the screen display the webpage again.
Julia was unscrewing the cap from a small tube of cream she’d brought with her. “I did knock, but you’re such a KAT-TUN nut you can’t hear anything but Japanese boys.”
“What’s wrong with Japanese boys?” She watched Julia squeeze a dab of the white cream onto her finger. She leaned back in the chair as Julia’s hand neared her face. “What is it?”
“From Terry. He said it’ll take the burning feeling away.”
She let Julia smooth the cream onto her hot cheek.
“He just happened to have it with him?” Sylvia asked suspiciously.
Julia gave her a longsuffering look, nodding to the screen. “His family is in the business. He carries samples with him all the time. He travels on sales, but only out of the state or the country once a month or so. He works from home, and he’s sweet.” She rubbed softly until the cream had disappeared into Sylvia’s flaming cheek.
“Who’s Veronica Lake?”
Julia smiled slowly. “An old Hollywood sex siren from the 1940s. We saw her in a movie the other night. She was this low-key goddess-type, and she had this trademark peek-a-boo droop of blonde hair in her eyes all the time. Like you were hiding behind today.”
“I wasn’t really hiding.”
“Neither was Veronica Lake. She was just being coy.” Julia nodded. “We’re having sushi tonight.”
Sylvia withdrew. “I don’t like raw fish.”
“Sushi has very little raw fish. You’re thinking of sashimi.” Julia capped the tube. “I’ll make yours with avocado and cucumber, California-style, okay?”
Sylvia nodded, picking up the tube and turning it over to see the Dakmarr logo. “I guess so. Thanks.”
“Oh,” Julia said as she stood and started for the door, “and he said you’d probably break-out with horrible acne from the cream, but that’s to be expected.”
Sylvia looked to her, a hand going to her cheek. “Julia, I just started school. I can’t have a red mark and zits!” She said it as there was a lull in the CD between songs and her voice rang through the room louder than expected.
Julia sighed, shaking her head. “Just a joke, Sylvi.”


Chapter Seven: Day at the Beach

Sylvia began to feel badly that she hadn’t said anything to Julia about Terry yet. It wasn’t that she didn’t want to; she did, she did. But there was no natural opening in Julia’s perfect life for Sylvia to throw mud in her water.
So the days passed during the first week of school, with Sylvia wearing a red mark on her face the size of a slap, and then the weekend – Labor Day weekend – was upon them. Mom had plans with Brian, and their dad had plans with little Miss Too-Young-For-Him. Julia and Sylvia didn’t like the little blonde thing their dad had picked up since the divorce, and she was so easy to poke fun at that Julia found it boring.
“You have to come, so don’t fight it,” Julia was saying for the third time as Sylvia lay on her stomach across her older sister’s bed, headphones muting all sounds expect Junno’s voice—and the rest of the KAT-TUN group.
“What?” Sylvia said again. Wearing the red mark from the dodge ball smack-down and breaking in a new bra were wearing her down and she took any opportunity to relieve herself of the new undergarment. Like now.
Julia bent over her sister and pulled an earphone loose. “Terry’s house. Today. You. Holly. Beach. Got it?” She released the headphone and it thumped back into place over Sylvia’s ear.
“Ow.” Sylvia sat up and rubbed her ear.
“Aw, Junno get hurt?” Julia rifled through her top dresser drawer.
“What are you so grumpy about?” Sylvia frowned, glancing around at her sister’s pristine room, everything in its place, not a sock dangling or book mis-shelved.
“Taking you and Holly to the beach for Labor Day is not my idea of a good time.”
“It’s not mine either.”
“Then go to Dad’s.”
“I’d rather go to school.” Sylvia shifted positions to her knees and pulled at her tank top where, much to her surprise, something was swaying beneath it, something where usually there was nothing. It was something that had been freed from the bra, and it hadn’t – neither of them – had swayed before. Maybe that was the magic of a bra. Things developed in them after they were worn. She gave herself a more thorough study.
“What are you doing?” Julia stood facing Sylvia, her hands on the hips of her hemmed jean shorts, watching her sister looking at her chest.
“I think I have something now.” Sylvia sat down, crossing her legs Indian-style, and looked into her tank top again.
“Of course you have something. That’s why you’re wearing a bra, toady.” Julia turned back to her pillaging of the dresser. “Wear something nice, but beach-worthy. Holly, too.”
“Why does Holly have to go?”
“Don’t you want her to?” Julia held up a dark blue lace cover-up, then rolled it and tucked it into her beach bag.
“Well, yeah, but with Terry...” Sylvia looked to her sister as the older girl’s blue eyes shot to her.
“What about Terry?” There was no mistaking the defensive venom in her tone.
Sylvia managed a meek smile, her interest in the newly discovered cleavage gone. “Is there room?”
“Of course. Now get packed and call Holly. He’ll be here in an hour.”

Holly showed up on their doorstep twenty minutes later, including the ten minute walk-time. She beamed, a toothy grin that was promising embarrassing slip-ups over the course of the day. Sylvia pulled her into the house and shut the front door.
“Julia said behave, Holly.” Sylvia raised an eyebrow. “What’s up?”
“I got asked to the dance!”
Sylvia wished she’d have warned her. “Already? It’s only the first week of school.” Her scowl deepened. “What dance?”
“The first dance; you know, the one that coincides with the high school homecoming dance.” Holly’s smile widened.
“Jamie?”
A brisk nod from Holly. 
Sylvia groaned. “Great. Good.”
“What about Matt?”
They settled on the couch as Julia finished preening in her bedroom. Sylvia frowned. “What about Matt? He’s my lab partner. That’s it.”
“What’s this about Matt?” Julia stepped into the room, her bag slung over one shoulder.
“There is no Matt; just a lab rat we have in class.” Sylvia shot Holly a glare.
“Oh. Not that threadbare thing in the science room, is it?” Julia asked.
“No. This is a different rat.” Sylvia got to her feet and went down the hall to her room, Holly at her heels. “I’ve got to finish packing.”
“Terry will be here any minute. Since Holly’s already here, I called him; he’s on his way over,” Julia’s voice sailed to them.
“I’m all alone and nobody cares,” Sylvia said once in her room, sighing and grabbing her green one-piece swimming suit and stuffing it into her beach bag.
“Don’t be that way. The dance isn’t for another five weeks.” Holly stood in front of the mirror at Sylvia’s dresser and lifted her bikini top with both hands beneath her oversized t-shirt. “This top always makes me look smooshed.”
Sylvia glanced at her friend’s reflection, then went back to packing a beach towel. “You don’t look smooshed to me.”
“What’s eating you, Red?” Holly sat on the edge of the bed and watched Sylvia cram a bottle of suntan lotion into the bag.
“You ever think someone can be too perfect? That there’s got to be a flaw somewhere?” The lotion didn’t really fit, and Sylvia shoved it in again, trying to pull up the zipper.
“Oh. Terry. He’s not perfect, Red.” Holly wagged a finger at her. “He’s a vampire, remember?”
“I never said he’s a vampire; that was just a metaphor-thingy.” She pulled the zipper, and it rebelled by splitting midway down. “Shit.”
“He’s here!” Julia called from the living room. “We’re going!”

Terry’s apartment was one of four in an apartment house and located two blocks from the edge of town. It was accessed by the community staircase that ran between the upper and lower apartments and a switchback fire-escape from the back. They’d only swung by because he had come straight from a last minute meeting with a client in Akron and hadn’t packed yet.
Sylvia and Holly waited in the front room while Terry and Julia went into his bedroom to pack his bag, their voices muffled, hers low and musical. Sylvia and Holly exchanged looks in the front room, and then Holly sat in one of the two slouch-back, black leather arm chairs.
“Sit down, Red,” Holly invited, looking over the apartment furnishings. Her eyes lingered on an oil painting of a ship rolling on the high seas over the TV cabinet.
Sylvia shook her head, eyes raised to the tall built-in bookshelves lining the hall wall that were filled with every kind of book imaginable; paperbacks, trade books, hard-covers, old relic-looking ones. Sylvia glanced around at the kitchenette that was merely a kitchen and counter with a pair of stools. It was a small set of rooms, but nice. Leather upholstered furniture and glass coffee table in the front room, walnut stools and stainless appliances in the kitchen. It was finished in dark wood paneling and pewter blue paint, making the room seem cooler despite the high temperatures outside.
She looked to Holly still sitting languidly in the chair. “I’m going to use the powder room.” She ducked down the short hallway and found the bathroom before her friend could speak. Down the hallway she could see two bedrooms, one serving as an office, and a closet with a louvered door. Julia and Terry’s voices were low from the far bedroom.
She pulled the door shut, clicking the lock. It was a clean bathroom, not what she’d expected from a bachelor. The walls were blue and white swirled wallpaper, the trim in brass and white. She looked at her reflection in the mirror, and then opened the medicine cabinet, waiting for the squeak. There was none. She shrugged and peeked inside.
The usual. Toothpaste, aftershave, cologne, razor and shaving gel, comb, clippers, a small pair of curved scissors, tweezers. She sighed. Being the heir of the world’s oldest pharmaceutical company, she’d expected something more—like a basketful of prescription pills.
Being a drug shooter, Sylvia had expected other paraphernalia. She took down the bottle of aftershave and unscrewed the cap. Yup, she thought, taking a whiff. That was Terry. Same with the cologne.
She replaced the items and bent to look under the vanity cupboard. Plunger, drain-opener, extra bars of musk soap, and a stack of Druggists Monthly magazines. How very droll.
Maybe he kept his stash in his bedroom, or the kitchen. Easy access, baby; never know when you’d need a hit, she thought.
Holly’s scream broke through the apartment and Sylvia remembered to shut the vanity cupboard before dodging out to meet her friend in the front room. Holly was on her feet, a photo book in her hands, standing like a statue by the coffee table.
“What’s wrong?”
When Holly saw Sylvia, she simply showed her the photo book page. Sylvia stepped closer, and then her jaw dropped. “Is this for real?” 
She grabbed the book closer, fingers tight. The photo was a black and white still shot from the movie Moon Child, with Hyde and Gackt in full film gear, leaning against a brick wall, and autographed by both stars.
“It’s real.”
Both girls looked up at Terry’s voice as he and Julia entered the room. Holly and Sylvia stared at him dumbfounded as Julia leaned closer to see what they held.
“That was for Moon Child,” he said needlessly, grinning at their shattered composure. “Are you fans? Hyde or Gackt?”
Sylvia only nodded, and Holly imitated her. “You met them?”
“I told you he travels out of the country about once a month,” Julia said, flipping through the book, pausing on another page. “Hmm. No Junno. Sorry, Sylvi.”
Terry nodded, looking to Sylvia, who had regained use of her face once again. “Are you a KAT-TUN fan?”
She nodded, what was becoming her standard head bobble. “Taguchi Junnosuke.”
“Never met him,” he said, looking at the pages as Julia turned them. “Ready to go?”

The beach seemed like a million miles away, but Terry got them there in forty minutes. Sylvia and Holly sat in the back of the black Mustang, quiet, shocked, limp. Like cold ramen noodles, Sylvia thought. She’d watched Terry as he drove, what she could see of his dark eyes behind the sunglasses. Most of the time he spent looking askance at Julia in the front seat beside him, and answering the few questions that trickled out of Holly and Sylvia.
All Sylvia could remember was that he knew someone who worked moving the sound equipment for Gackt and a few other musicians. That was all she needed to hear to leave her speechless until they got to the beach.
The beach was swarming with people of all ages, and Sylvia, Holly, Julia, and Terry found a spot close to the water between a tribe of children with grandparents nearby and a harried couple of women with four kids between them.
“I can’t believe he has a signed photo of Gackt and Hyde,” Holly mumbled for the twentieth time as they shook out their towels on the sand. Farther away from the water, Terry and Julia were doing the same, she with her perfect black and gold accented bikini and he with the classic darks look that turned young and old women’s heads alike. 
Sylvia and Holly spent a few moments slathering on sunscreen lotion, smelling of coconut oil. “And it actually said Valtieri,” Holly said, “not just an autograph.”
Sylvia shook her head, looking through her bag with the stuck zipper for the yellow inflatable mattress. “What does ‘To one of the few’ mean?”
“Who cares? It’s signed.” Holly sat on her beach towel and found her own orange air mattress. She wiped off the air nozzle and put her mouth over it, blowing a lungful into the plastic.
Sylvia nodded, glancing behind them at Julia rubbing lotion between her palms, Terry’s back facing her. He waved to her, and Sylvia shrugged, turning back to her air mattress. “How much you want to bet he won’t go in the water? Won’t mess up his hair?”
Holly lifted one shoulder, drooling on the air nozzle.
Sylvia took a deep breath and set about filling her own air mattress. Five minutes later and breath slightly heaving, they pushed the mattresses out into an open spot in the water and waded to their knees as the sun was blocked briefly by a thick cloud.
Sylvia straddled the air mattress and sat down, pushing with her feet until they wouldn’t touch, looking out to the beach over the end of the yellow mattress that was popped out of the water. Holly’s orange mattress drifted closer. At the beach she could see Terry’s hand gliding over Julia’s back as her sister held her long blonde hair up with one hand.
He set the bottle down, stripped off his sunglasses, and suddenly scooped Julia up with both arms bridal style, and proceeded to the water with her. Sylvia floated on the mattress, watching her giggling sister’s half-hearted attempts at making Terry put her down. A second later he paused, then dropped her into the water, and dove under beside her.
“You lost, Red,” Holly said, also watching. “Got everything wet.”
Sylvia shrugged and almost tipped herself over. “The lotion makes everything so dang slick,” she mumbled.
They watched Terry resurface, stand and push back his hair. Holly said it first.
“Now he really looks like a vampire. See that peak at his hairline? Classic vampire.” Holly nodded.
“Would you stop with the vampire shit?” Sylvia squinted at her sister’s boyfriend. He did look like one of those handsome, mesmerizing vampires that showed up on all the late night TV movies where the woman fawned all over some drop-dead gorgeous bloodsucker. “Bela Lugosi never looked like that.”
“Lugosi was just the first; not the only one.”
The scene from the bedroom played through Sylvia’s mind, the one where Terry had taken Julia in his arms as if he were going to sink his teeth into her very neck. She shook her head. “It’s broad daylight. Vampires don’t go out in the sun. And there’re no such things as vampires, Holly.”
“Notice how he never looks directly into the sun?”
Sylvia looked to her friend, screwing her face into a knot. “When was the last time you looked directly into the sun, Holly Sutton?”
Holly frowned, then shrugged. “You know what I mean.”
“And he’s got perfect teeth.”
Holly sighed. “I’ll bet everything about him is perfect.”
Sylvia shook her head, gently, so she didn’t capsize herself, watching her sister enjoying an afternoon of delight with her new boyfriend. “Not everything.” She recalled when he’d told her in the kitchen that he knew she knew. “Not everything.”


Chapter Eight: Generation Slack & Coming Clean

The following week of school was a drop for Sylvia. Her classmates and teachers began to settle into a schedule of lockers, cafeteria food, and homework excuses.
Sylvia saw more of Matt than she cared to, and not because she wandered into the wrong locker room again. It was a traditional tasteless meal at lunch, the usual spaghetti Holly and Sylvia were sure had been scraped off leftover high school plates, and the stale rolls that went with it.
Holly had gone into chocolate mode as Jamie became more attentive at lunch, offering to squeeze the ketchup over her French fries and unwrap her straw. Sylvia sat captivated by the warped middle school concept of going together until she wanted to throw-up. It was a little much, even with the fact that Jamie was actually a sweet guy, pick of the litter of eighth grade, and a basketball hero.
Well, as close as anyone was going to get to being a basketball hero in eighth grade. More accurately, he just fumbled all the plays less than everyone else on the team.
“What about Matt?” Jamie said for the fourth time that week as they sat at the lunch table. He looked to Sylvia expectantly.
“Please, no.” She finished the chocolate milk and sighed over her nachos.
A table away, Matt’s radar must have gone off, and he waved at her, smiling, elbowing the nerdy-looking boy beside him to witness.
“But he’s nice,” Holly added.
Sylvia shook her head. “He smells like astringent.” She made a face as she looked to where he was running a hand through his reddish brown hair. He caught her gaze and stopped, letting his arm fall quickly, and knocked over his milk onto his pants. She shook her head again, looking to Holly. “And it’s not helping any.”
“You’re gonna ban the boy because he’s got complexion issues?” Holly shook her head, nibbling on a fry.
Sylvia looked to Jamie. Yup, Jamie. No complexion problem there, she thought. Not many problems at all, in fact. Against her better judgment, her attention turned to Matt, who was dabbing at his pants with a napkin. Okay, she thought fairly, a little thin, poor dresser, fashion-less, too much hair, but he was nice. A little ingratiating, she’d learned from third hour science class, and a little nasally.
“What about Lane?” Holly suggested.
Sylvia lifted an eyebrow, picking a tortilla chip out of her cardboard basket and dipping it in what was passing for cheese sauce. “Lane who?”
“Brian’s ex’s kid. Number One’s kid.” Holly smiled at the thought, recalling the New Year’s Eve’s party. “He’s okay.”
Sylvia nodded. “Yeah, he’s okay.” She put the tortilla chip in her mouth, pretending it was delicious. “He’s got a new tattoo.”
“Oh, yeah? Where?”
“Dunno. He got shipped off to some military boarding school. Make a man out him or some shit like that.”
“He looked like he was turning out like one to me.” Holly smiled endearingly to Jamie, who’d given her a frown at the statement.
“Yeah, I guess so,” Sylvia agreed, intent on her nachos.
“What I don’t get,” Holly said, dragging a fry through her mound of ketchup, “is why Number One’s kids are younger than Number Two’s kids. What happened there?”
“Oh, yeah.” Sylvia shrugged. “Number One is also Brian’s Number Three wife. They married, got divorced, he married Number Two and had kids, and then got divorced, remarried Number One and had Lane and Kristi, and then got divorced again.” She licked the cheese off her thumb. “Simple, huh?”
Holly gave her a baffled frown. “Real simple, Red.”
Sylvia looked to the next table, where Matt returned her a grin, despite that he’d just taken an enormous bite of spaghetti. He waved, then choked down the bite.
But not entirely, Sylvia realized. Before she could look away, Matt made a struggling face, trying to gulp down the sauced pasta, and then lost the battle.
To her horror, the pile of spaghetti regurgitated back onto Matt’s tray, his lunch friends parting like the Red Sea to escape the splatter, and then he heaved again.
Sylvia clapped a hand over her mouth and tried to squeeze shut her bulging eyes. “Good grief,” she muttered.
Jamie turned to look behind him as a chorus of “Ewww!” went through the table.
“Shit. That sucks,” he said, turning back, grinning at Holly.
“Give that a chance?” Sylvia said, face wrinkling into a wretch of her own. She cupped her hand over one temple so she couldn’t see the lunch lady and other students move in for a better look at Matt.
Holly had stopped eating, too, eyes frozen in horror. “That’s so disgusting. Yeah, well, forget him, Red.”
Sylvia looked back down at her nachos. She pushed it away. “Yeah, but I’m still stuck with that for science.”

There was something amiss at the Burns house that next Saturday morning. It came up from somewhere inside Julia, and Sylvia wasn’t even aware there was trouble until breakfast was on the table.
Sylvia looked down at the pile of French toast and scrambled eggs her sister placed before her. “What gives?”
“In case you haven’t noticed, Mom’s not home. Yet.”
Sylvia had noticed her mother wasn’t home; she just didn’t realize the yet part. “She’s still at Brian’s?”
Julia nodded, pulling her white halter tighter at the knot at her waist. Even with the cutoff jean shorts, she managed to make the outfit not look Daisy Duke-ish. “She’s never spent the entire night. She’s always gave some semblance of decorum.”
Sylvia rolled her eyes. If Julia was going to make her look up words in the dictionary, she at least wanted to eat first. She set her manga aside – the first volume of Vampire Knight – and pretended to know what semblance of decorum was. “She is an adult, Julia, and single.”
“She’s a mother. Our mother. Doesn’t that count? What about a good example?” Julia crossed her arms, making her bust plump.
Sylvia looked down at her plate, then slathered the top piece with butter and poured syrup over it all. “Maybe you shouldn’t meddle. She might meddle back.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Sylvia wasn’t quite sure. She forked a bite of toast and syrup into her mouth. Julia was in no mood to hear of anything bad about Terry. “Nothing.” She looked down to the manga, one that Holly had let her borrow, and her thoughts made a tight circle back to Terry. “I just meant that she might get nosey.”
The back door opened and their mom walked in, a little disheveled and sheepish-looking. “Hi, girls. Sorry I’m late.” She set the canvas Toledo Zoo fundraiser tote bag on the counter and smiled at them.
“Late?” Julia said. “Late was last night. This is the morning, Mom.”
Sylvia’s mouth dropped open, her next bite of toast dripping with syrup halfway to her lips on the fork.
Their mother looked surprised. “Well, yes, it is, Julia, but it is a weekend. You know Brian and I have been dating steadily for a year.” She brightened, clearing her throat. “When you get older, and are divorced, you’ll understand that –”
“When I get older I’m going to get married, Mother, not divorced,” Julia snapped, hands going to her hips. “That’s a faulty way to look at marriage.”
“Divorce changes things.”
“Yeah, we know,” Julia said pointedly.
Oh, don’t drag me into this, Sylvia thought.
“I thought you liked Brian,” their mother said.
“We do,” Julia said.
Sylvia nodded.
Julia ignored her sister. “You didn’t even call us, Mom.”
“Well, I thought it would be uncomfortable,” their mother said, attempting a smile. “Sometimes adults don’t –”
“Mom, I’m going to be an adult in a month. I can handle the phone call. And would that make it okay?”
Holy shit, Sylvia thought, the toast forgotten. Why was Julia going for the jugular this morning? They’d assumed their mother was being intimate with Brian, but she’d never spent the night. Now there was no ignoring it.
“Is there something else bothering you, dear?” It was classic Mom analysis.
It only pushed a button somewhere on Julia. “Would it bother you if I slept with Terry?”
Sylvia could only stare now. It was too early in the morning to be throwing down the gauntlet. 
Their mother nodded slowly, but not in answer to the question. “That’s what this is about. You think that by my sleeping with Brian I have to permit you to take similar liberties.” Now their mother shook her head. “You’re your own woman, Julia, but I hope you don’t.”
Julia shook her head. “No, Mother; you’re supposed to say ‘Absolutely not, Julia. There’s to be no sleeping around while you’re under my roof, and that goes for you, too, Sylvia’.” She looked pleadingly to their mother. “I thought it mattered.”
Their mother sighed. “I didn’t want to be too strict with you girls.”
Julia nodded. “Yeah. Well, glad you’re home.”
“From now on, I’ll be more honest with you girls. Okay?” Their mother smiled. It was the same smile they’d seen when she’d said she was divorcing their father, but it was going to be all right, okay?
“Well, as long we’re being honest,” Julia said, glancing to Sylvia for a moment, then back to their mom, “then I might as well tell you now. Terry’s twenty-three, not twenty.”
Sylvia nearly dropped her fork. There went her trump card. Her blackmail ace. Played by Julia herself.
Their mother looked a little surprised, and then nodded slowly. “Well, thank you for telling me. I think it’s healthy to –”
Julia threw up her arms, made a strange grousing noise of frustration deep in her throat, and then disappeared down the hallway to her bedroom. 
Their mom looked to Sylvia. “Do you think she’s pregnant? Is that what all this is about?”
Sylvia’s gaze dropped to her plate. “Nah, she’s just hormonal.”
But it didn’t stop Sylvia from barging into her sister’s room twenty seconds later after wolfing down her breakfast in record speed. Julia was straightening her already perfect line of clothes in her closet.
“Mom thinks you’re pregnant,” she blurted, then groaned. She’d meant to lead up to that.
Julia just laughed. “Well, we’d have to do something in order for me to be pregnant.”
“You haven’t?” She sat carefully on the edge of Julia’s bed.
Julia threw her a disappointing look. “You know, there’s never been a divorce in Terry’s family. Not in generations. Ever.”
Sylvia shook her head. “Maybe all the guys are way domineering. Control freaks or something.” Or vampires, she thought, then shook her head again to clear it.
“That’s what I want.” She sighed wistfully. “Nothing temporary. Not like Brian, hopping from one wife to another.”
“Well, divorce happens.” Sylvia screwed her courage up. “You know, Terry’s got other problems, Julia.”
Her sister looked to her, hand pausing on a mini dress. “We all do. I told you he’s stopped smoking.”
Sylvia gathered her moral fiber and said it. “I saw him shooting-up at Brian’s party.”
Julia turned to face her, eyes narrowing, and then she laughed. “No, you didn’t.”
Sylvia nodded. “I did, Julia. After you left the bathroom where we were talking. I saw him in the bedroom.”
Her sister sighed, shaking her head. “You saw him taking insulin, toady. He’s diabetic.”
Sylvia just stared, mouth slack. “Diabetic?”
“You didn’t think of that?” Julia turned to the closet, pulling out a yellow skirt with small ruffles along the bottom. “Borderline, but, yes, diabetic. He takes insulin occasionally.”
Sylvia nodded, sighing in more relief than she expected. “Good. Oh, I’m so glad it wasn’t anything else.”
Julia went over to her sister and kissed her cheek, then mussed her hair. “Sometimes you’re so sweet, Sylvi.”


Chapter Nine: Ride with Valtieri 

Julia’s smack-down of morals with their mother was still on Sylvia’s mind at school the next week. No one had seen it coming. Julia had never been flagrantly promiscuous, but she’d been no shy wallflower, either.
Who knew beneath that perfect smile and coy come-hither looks beat the heart of a prude? Certainly not Sylvia.
Maybe prude was too strong of a word, Sylvia thought as she gathered her textbook and folder for science. Maybe just a little more tightly morally adjusted than their mom. That was it.
She slid into her desk in Mr. McSimm’s class, looking over to Matt’s desk snuggled close to hers. She was tempted to inch it away, but knew he’d only push it close again.
“Hi, Sylvi,” he said in that thin, nasally voice she’d begun to hear in her nightmares over the weekend. He sat down, looking her over with appreciation. “Did you study up for the simple electrical circuitry experiment?” he asked in all seriousness, as if they were being considered for the Nobel Peace Prize.
Sylvia nodded. “Piece of cake.”
“Did you bring your supplies?”
She nodded again.
He leaned closer.
She leaned away. He already smelled like used milk, and they hadn’t even had lunch yet. Was it leftover from his breakfast?
“Because it won’t work if we don’t have all the proper supplies, Sylvia.”
“Yes. I got the battery and block of wood. Did you bring your stuff?”
He nodded. “Three feet of insulated wire and a clean tin can. Do you think Mr. McSimm will pass out the bulbs and sockets?”
She just stared at him as the rest of the class milled into the room and took their seats. He looked like he was a doctor and she was a nurse he was asking to close up a patient after surgery. Didn’t he ever lighten up, without someone wandering into the wrong locker room? she wondered. “Yeah, I guess. It’s not like we’re building a bomb, Matt. We’re just lighting up a bulb.”
He nodded. “Next week we’re doing doorbells,” he said, grinning idiotically.
Oh, joy, she thought. “Goody.”

And thus went third hour. The rest of the day was boring, with Holly and Jamie elbow-to-elbow at the lunch table, and Sylvia trying to find interest in volume one of Vampire Knight. It wasn’t working. Somehow, the concept of vampires going to school didn’t appeal to her, despite the well-drawn manga pages and Yuki’s exploits at Cross Academy. Maybe she’d just stick to listening to the soundtrack for the series of Wakeshima Kanon’s eerie cello music on CD. That was certainly weird enough.
When she got to her locker after class Holly was already there, attached at the hip by Jamie. “Hey, I’m going on ahead.”
Sylvia frowned, pulling her book bag from the slot of a locker. “You’re walking home?” They had a twenty minute bus ride, but lived only two blocks beyond where the buses stopped picking up from school.
“Yeah; I’ll get home about the same time, but Jamie said he’d walk me.” The smile threatened to engulf Holly’s face.
Sylvia sighed, deflated. She tried to return Jamie’s innocent smile. You’re the one doing this, she thought at him. 
He only grinned. 
She shrugged. “Sure. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Holly beamed. “See ya, Red.”
Sylvia watched them leave, not arm in arm, but he was carrying her bag.
She packed her own book bag to the bursting point and heaved it over her shoulder. She’d have to hurry for the buses. Since they were in eighth grade now, their lockers were located at the opposite end of the school from where the buses parked in a big semi-circle at the front of the school. The sixth grade lockers were located closest to the front, thereby giving the youngest, smallest, puniest grade a fighting chance to get first pick of bus seats.
She sighed, blowing a stray reddish hair out of her eyes that had come undone from her hair-tie. At least Matt wouldn’t be on the bus. Maybe she should just walk home. It was only twenty-five minutes. She lugged the heavy book bag higher. Not with this tank, she thought.
She exited at the side entrance of the school where the seventh graders usually made their escape to round the sidewalk and bypass the flux of sixth graders at the front entrance when she realized she’d forgotten to give Holly the manga. Oh, well, there wasn’t room in her bag, and Holly wouldn’t appreciate zipper marks traipsing across the front cover. She clutched the bag tightly as a crowd of bigger males – also known as the football team on an off day from practice – rampaged past her.
She took her place on the sidewalk and fell into step with the other students. She’d only followed for a few seconds before the group around her settled a bit from their pushing and horseplay and gave her a wider berth. She looked to them warily, until one of the prissier popular girls, Minnie, turned full around to walk backwards in front of her, watching Sylvia, as her popular friends cast their gazes her way.
“What, Minnie?” Sylvia finally asked as the tall blonde girl just stared at her. “Got a problem, Mouse?”
Minnie gave a humph, tossing her long blonde hair, but then looked to Sylvia’s side at the sidewalk curb. She turned to whisper something to one of her also-blonde minion friends, and Sylvia looked to the street where they, and half the students on the sidewalk, were looking.
The black Mustang slowly crept up parallel to her, the passenger side window rolled down.
“Hello, Sylvia,” Terry said from inside, smiling as she did a side-step on the sidewalk. “Want a ride home?”
Sylvia gripped her bag and the manga tighter. How long had he been cruising there? “I’m taking the bus.”
Terry’s attention turned to the traffic before him and the car slowed for a few kids running across the street. Sylvia quickened her pace.
“Do you know him?” a girl Sylvia had never spoken to before asked, despite that she was in eighth grade, suddenly materializing at her side.
Sylvia nodded.
The girl’s eye lit with envy. “Is he a high school guy?”
Sylvia smiled, slowing a bit. “No. He’s older than that.”
Terry’s car pulled alongside her again. “Come on, Sylvi. I need to talk to you.”
She glanced at him, enjoying Minnie’s gaping face. She paused on the sidewalk, bending to look in the passenger window.
“Come on.”
When she made no move to get in, Terry parked and got out. She stood up straight as he did. He rested on the car’s driver side at the door, crossing his arms on the roof and leaning over to look at her.
“I don’t bite, Sylvia.”
The hair on her neck pricked up. It’s a common phrase, she told herself. A common phrase. Half the students on the sidewalk had slowed or stopped to watch her. She didn’t know if they were waiting to witness her child-abduction scene or if it was just the natural reaction to Terry.
He grinned, raising an eyebrow. “Come on. I need your input.”
“Okay.”
He came around the passenger side before she could get to the door and opened it for her. Sylvia slowly settled into the seat, fingers strangling the bag strap when he tried to take it and put it in the back seat.
“I’ll hold it,” she mumbled.
He nodded and closed the door, then went around the other side and got in behind the wheel. He checked for traffic and pulled carefully away from the curb. Sylvia enjoyed Minnie’s jaw-dropping expression as they coasted by her and her subordinates.
“I called your mom and told her I’d try to pick you up from school, so she’s not expecting you on the bus,” he said as they waited to turn at the stop sign where the buses were being filled with unruly kids.
“Oh. Thanks.”
He nodded.
The car turned onto the one-way street that the buses used to disperse into the town’s traffic at a main light. Terry turned onto the four lane street, heading away from the Burns’ house.
“You don’t mind we grab something to eat, do you?” he asked as Sylvia gripped the bag tighter.
“I have a lot of homework,” she finally stammered.
“Oh. Well, just something to drink. A milkshake?”
“Sure,” she managed.
She eased off on the book bag, not wanting to appear as frightened as she felt. She took a deep breath.
“Hey, Vampire Knight,” he said, spotting the manga still in her grasp.
She looked down at the book, her mind freezing anew. “It’s Holly’s.”
He pulled the car into a left lane before a traffic light. “Is it any good?”
She returned his attention, nodding numbly. The whole car smelled faintly like his cologne, but not suffocating strong like a few of the boys in her gym class did after leaving the locker room in an attempt to smell like a man. “I’m not very far in it.”
He nodded, grinned, and maneuvered the car into the next lane on the side street. “Are you into that whole subculture, Sylvi?”
“I don’t believe in vampires,” she said, mostly for the sake of her own sanity.
He looked a little surprised, then chuckled. “I meant manga.”
“Oh.” Of course, you idiot, she thought. “Yeah.”
“What’s your favorite?”
She tried to breathe normally, easing her fingers from the bag again. “I’m thinking about trying Fruits Basket.”
“That’s the zodiac one with the orange cat, right?”
She nodded. “You know of it?”
He smiled at her. “It was quite popular when I was there last. About a year ago, for business.”
“There? Japan?” She attempted a timid smile. “I’d kill to go to Japan.”
He laughed. “It’s a little easier than that, Sylvi. Just a plane ticket.”
He got them milkshakes at a fast food drive-thru and they took the long way through town to Sylvia’s house. She finally relaxed enough to set the book bag and manga in the back seat – actually, he did that for her – and she could turn all her attention to the chocolate shake.
Well, most of her attention, anyway. She stirred the shake with the straw inside the plastic cap.
“Julia told Mom you were twenty-three.” She groaned as she said it. She didn’t know why she did; give her something sweet to drink and she would blubber away the family secrets. Not that they had any secrets.
He half shrugged. “I hope it’s not a problem, for you.”
“No.” Being a vampire, now that was a problem. She shook her head to clear it of Bela Lugosi’s image that kept popping up. “But Julia is only seventeen.”
“That’s part of what I want to talk to you about.” He pulled the car down a street where she knew the library was located. He found the two-story brick building where Sylvia and Holly had had their first serious crush on manga. He turned into a parking spot in the lot and put the car in park, switching off the engine.
He turned in the seat to look at her, and in the shaded light he looked more like the time she’d seen him in the back bedroom at Brian’s party that odd night.
“What did you mean, ‘you know I know’?” The words were out her mouth before she thought, as if the shake was part truth serum.
He returned her look for a few seconds, shaking his paper cup back and forth a few times. Then he brightened, lifting his arm at the elbow toward her. “The patch. I gave it up. I don’t smoke anymore.”
Her eyes went to the small off-white patch that peeked from beneath his polo shirt sleeve. “At all?”
He shook his head. “I saw you looking at it a few times. Haven’t had one in weeks.”
She found herself smiling fuller now. “‘Cuz I didn’t know what you meant, exactly, when you said it.”
He nodded, looking down at the cup. “Julia told me about that.” Now the light from the trees overhead played games with the sun, and his features didn’t appear as amicable, just a bit of harsher edging to them.
Nothing that Sylvia could pinpoint, exactly; just a different lighting, she told herself.
He smiled, which helped the lighting some. “That’s cute, your misperception. Julia said she cleared that issue up.”
She nodded, moving uncomfortably on the seat. He glanced at her as she did. He cleared his throat and set the cup in the cup holder in the console beneath the dash. He turned in his seat to look at her.
“What should I get Julia for her birthday?”
She sighed in relief. Julia’s birthday. What had she thought he was going to want to talk to her about? She chose not to think about that question, and instead focused on what he’d actually asked.
“She’s only working a few hours a week at the coffee house now that school’s back in,” she said, “so her income is cut way down. She just bought that Fendi purse she wanted so much. I’m not sure what she wants next.”
He nodded, watching her steadily. The sun was more balanced now and he looked like his normal charming self. “I was thinking about jewelry. Does she like her birthstone? Sapphire,” he added when she frowned a bit.
“Oh. Yeah. Blue.”
“She looks good in blue,” he said, glancing back at his shake in the holder.
“She looks good in anything,” she clarified, wishing she didn’t sound so envious.
“Hmm. She does.” He grinned slowly at her, looking her over thoroughly. “Don’t tell me you don’t have your pick of the boys in school, Sylvia.”
Her cheeks heated and the milkshake did nothing to cool them no matter how hard she sucked on the straw. She shook her head, making herself stop slurping before it backed up through her nose. She didn’t want to pull a Matt incident.
“Well, the year is young. You’ll be turning heads soon.” He smiled fully now. “Anyone special in mind?”
Sylvia made herself lower the cup. “I’m in eighth grade. At the top of school this year. There’s nowhere to go but down or sideways.”
He nodded slowly, watching her. “What about Brian’s boy? Lane.”
She made a face.
He laughed, turning back in the seat to the wheel. “That’s what I thought.” He started the car. “Earrings? Pendant? What do you think she’d like?”
She sighed as the car backed out of the parking space. Julia. Julia? Julia would swoon over anything Terry got her.
“I think a pendant,” she heard herself say.


Chapter Ten: Man in Uniform

Matt took his science experiments seriously. Sylvia, not so much. It was supposed to be an easy grade.
Make the light bulb light up.
Sylvia steadied on her stool as it tipped away from the high lab table, and carefully tried to lean forward again. On the other side of the table was Matt, also intent on the wired contraption between them.
“It’s not on,” Sylvia said needlessly, for the third time that hour. She looked around at the other teams of students in the classroom. Half a dozen penlight bulbs were glowing, smiles on assorted faces. A few others had blinking bulbs, a few nothing.
Like them.
Matt fingered the board and metal pieces that acted as the switch for the assembly, looking to each end of the wire that was connected to the 1.5 volt battery and bulb socket. A shorter piece of wire ran from the other side of the battery to the socket.
But nothing was happening.
Mr. McSimm was circling the classroom like a slow moving tug boat. “If your light is not lit,” he said drawlingly, “check your connections. If that’s not the problem, check to make sure the bulb is not cross-threaded in the socket.”
“It should work,” Matt said, leaning over the assembly again. “There’s no break in the circuit. The path is completed. The light should be on.”
Sylvia sighed, then reached over and unscrewed the bulb, looking around at Holly and Jamie closely hovering over their table, the bulb in their switch glowing.
Way too closely, she thought.
She stuck the bulb out to Matt. “Go trade with Holly and see if we’ve got a dud bulb.”
Matt looked to the other couple’s table with misgivings. “What if they don’t want to trade?”
“We’re not trading; just borrowing.”
Matt cleared his throat. “If it’s just a matter of a bad bulb, I think we should ask for another one.”
She lifted an eyebrow, still holding the bulb out to him. “Then ask for another one, Matt. Let’s just light this thing and be done with it.”
“Who was that guy who picked you up from school the other day?”
She lowered the bulb. “My sister’s boyfriend.”
“Oh.” He grinned, taking the bulb from her, his hand pausing over her fingertips as he did. “Hey, uh, Sylvi, you want to go to the first dance with me?”
She flinched her hand away from his in disdain, as if the very thought sent a shock through her—
—which should have lit the bulb, but it didn’t.
A crushed look came to his eyes as she recoiled.
“I don’t know yet if I’m going,” she stammered.
“That’s why I’m asking you now,” he said slowly, looking down at the bulb, twisting it. “You can think about it, if you need to.”
“No.” It came out a little rushed.
“You can get back to me later, Sylvi. I don’t need an answer right away.” His eyes were on the bulb, his tone low.
“No.” Hadn’t he heard her?
“I’ll let you think about it,” he said, then hopped off his stool to find Mr. McSimm.
Good grief. No, she thought, watching him make his way to the teacher’s desk. No, no.
She glanced to Holly, who was smiling like a happy box of chocolates with Jamie. Why was Holly allowed to be so happy when Sylvia was stuck with someone like Matt, and especially now, with the great doorbell experiment to do next week?
She groaned as Matt returned to their table with another bulb. She didn’t need more time to think about her answer.
It was still No.

Fruits Basket turned out to be not half bad. The first volume of the manga series introduced the characters, and Sylvia found her favorite would be Kyo, which didn’t surprise Holly, who was already in the Kyo-camp. There were those of their friends that were die-hard Yuki fans, but Holly and Sylvia were firmly entrenched in the orange-haired character’s fan-girl base.
“I don’t like Shigure, with all his ‘High school girls, high school girls’ stuff,” Holly said as they walked home from school the next day.
Sylvia nodded. They’d decided to walk the way home until the weather got bad. The bus ride was noisier than they’d expected this year with an exceptionally smelly bunch of sixth graders, and neither wanted to spend the extra time on it when they could be out in the gorgeous sunshine.
“Yeah, and he gets kind of weird later on, anyway.”
Holly looked at her sharply. “You read ahead.”
“No, I just read it on a blog somewhere.” Sylvia returned her friend’s look of disappointment. “Hey, I had to have something to do while you were out killing time with Jamie.”
Holly smiled at the thought of Jamie. “It was just an ice cream, Red.”
Sylvia looked down a secondary street as they passed it. Terry lived down it, and she thought about what they’d talked about in the car when he’d picked her up.
“I’ll bet you he still smokes,” she said, nodding. “Yup. I’ll bet he sneaks cigarettes when Julia’s not around.”
Holly followed her gaze, both of them slowing. “You think?”
Sylvia halted, and they looked down the street for a moment. The Mustang was parked at the side of the street in front of his building. “I’ll bet if we went up the back way, at the alley that runs behind the apartment house, I’ll bet we’d see him sneak out and have a smoke.”
Holly lifted an eyebrow. The alley was shaded by mature trees, and the afternoon was hot, particularly since she was wearing her dark red sweater – one of Jamie’s favorites on her – and a brief respite from the heat sounded delicious.
“Let’s go see.”
Sylvia nodded, and they headed down the street.
The neighborhood was a quiet one, but there were still a few students milling around, on their way home from school, so two more didn’t stand out. Sylvia and Holly made their way to within three houses of Terry’s apartment house, and turned down the alley that ran between the set. Another alley ran parallel to the street, passing by the back of the apartment building, and they were certain they’d have a clear view of the building’s fire exits.
“You can’t just stop cold-turkey, even with a patch,” Holly was saying as they dodged garbage cans and broken bikes it the alley. A cat sidled along a stack of wooden crates out of their way.
“It would be hard to do. I hope he’s not lying to Julia,” Sylvia said.
“Maybe Julia’s lying to you. Maybe they both are lying to you, Red.”
Sylvia made a face as they slowed. “Thanks a lot, Holly.”
They paused at the back of the building in the alley, easily finding Terry’s apartment on the second floor. The sliding glass door’s blinds were open and they could see two figures inside at the kitchen-dining area.
They immediately hid behind the vining moonflowers that had overtaken the chain links fence at the neighboring garage.
“Julia’s there,” Sylvia said as she recognized her sister standing at the sliding glass door. She saw Terry close by, apparently speaking to Julia. “He’s not going to try to smoke with her there.”
Holly sighed. “You’re right.”
They watched for a few moments, but Julia and Terry weren’t putting on much of an exhibit for any voyeurs. Just talk, some nodding.
Sylvia stepped back behind the garage, her view still on the apartment. “I’d still bet he sneaks one now and then.”
“Scoping out the vampire?”
“Agh!” Sylvia and Holly shrieked in unison.
Jamie’s voice behind them sent them both into a start that knocked over a garbage can. Two glass bottles rolled out from it and scared off a cat sauntering by.
“Shit, Jamie!” Holly hissed, swiping at him.
He grinned, letting her hit him.
“What are you doing here?” she said, pulling him behind the garage with them.
“What are you doing here?” He edged to the side of the garage. “Hey, is that where he lives? Sylvia’s sister’s vampire?”
Sylvia gave Holly a pinch that made her yelp. “What did you tell him?”
“Julia is dating some guy who looks like –” Jamie began.
But Holly cut him off. “I just said Terry had some features that, you know, resembled the hot vampires you see in all those slick vampire flicks, but without the sparkles. That’s all.”
Sylvia scowled at them, then peeked around the garage. Terry was sliding the glass door shut. Probably checking out the commotion in the alley, she thought. She looked back to Holly and Jamie.
“What are you doing here?” she asked him.
“I was trying to catch up with Holly, but you guys turned down the alley.” He smiled at Holly. “Mind I walk you home?”
Sylvia rolled her eyes at the pleased look crossing Holly’s face. “I’ll catch you later,” she said to her. “Bye, Jamie.”
“Bye, Red,” Holly said.
Jamie nodded. “See, ya.”

By the time Sylvia got home, Julia was there. Sylvia felt a little guilty for hiding in the alley, but tried to dismiss the idea. Besides, Julia didn’t smell like smoke, so maybe Terry had more fortitude than she and Holly thought. Maybe he really had kicked the habit.
“Dad called,” Julia said as Sylvia returned to the kitchen after dumping her book bag in her room. She looked to her younger sister expectantly. “He wants to see you this weekend.”
Sylvia shook her head, looking through the refrigerator for a can of soda. Their mom’s green movement had changed a few things. Most notably was the lack of bottled water. Their tap water was fine to drink, she’d told her and Julia. Just a few summers ago it had been ‘Don’t drink the water’. Whichever way the trendy wind was blowing, Julia had said on more than one occasion.
“What? He doesn’t want to see you?”
“We’ve come to an understanding.” Julia was leaning on the counter, looking through a stack of mail that had arrived that day. “I’ll visit when his step-daughter-girlfriend isn’t there, and when I feel like it.”
“Why doesn’t that work for me?” Sylvia grabbed a soda and found a glass. Julia never drank from a can while she was in the house. Maybe it was a high school thing. Or maybe it was just a Julia thing.
“It will next summer,” Julia said, preoccupied with the mail. She held up an overlarge white envelope with dark green edging and print. “Ooh, look. More ornamentals.”
Sylvia poured her soda and looked at the Arbor Day Foundation’s annual hit-up for donations. “Great. Another pair of redbud bushes to clip around. We’ve already got two Flowering Dogwoods and a Washington Hawthorn.” She recalled planting them with Julia two summers ago. She glanced to the calendar depicting endangered shrubs from around the world. “And another calendar.”
Julia was nodding, examining the envelope. “This time it’s a Rainforest Rescue calendar and Flowering Crabapples. With continued membership.”
“What happens next year?” Sylvia was back to their original conversation.
Julia tossed the charity envelope on the counter and looked at the next large envelope. “Going into high school will make Dad see you as only a few years younger than his little girlie-friend. It won’t be the same. Trust me.”
Sylvia nodded, sipping her soda from the glass.
Julia opened the envelope, despite the fact that it was addressed to their mom. She withdrew a few pieces of cardstock, and then two photos. She looked at them each for a moment, smiling, pursing her coral lips before showing the photos to her sister.
“Check this out, Sylvi.”
Sylvia settled at the counter, her attention going to the photos Julia held. Kristi was arrayed in all her Saint Procopius seventh grade glory, replete with knotted plaid ascot and stark white blouse and hunter green vest. Her smile was as flirty as the thirteen-year-old dared in her school uniform, her double-shades of blonde hair swept to one shoulder in a side part.
Sylvia unconsciously pushed her own strawberry blonde hair over her ear in absence of a hair-tie. This was what thirteen looked like at a private school, she thought. It was moments like this that made her want to eat a whole bag of caramels and down an entire two liter of cream soda.
“Kristi,” Julia said when Sylvia made no comment.
“Good thing she’s in Saint Procopius. The boys at my school wouldn’t know what to do with her.” Sylvia frowned, looking to the next photo.
The young man in it was vaguely familiar, looking back at her with gunmetal gray eyes in a direct gaze, his short brown hair neatly trimmed, the stiff collar of his gray uniform lined in cobalt piping and buttoned high at his throat. Not a tattoo in sight.
“Lane?” Sylvia finally asked.
Julia smiled, and Sylvia half expected the photo to smile back at her sister.
“Holy shit,” Sylvia breathed, her eyes going over the photo in detail.
“Hmm, in a good way, huh?” Julia said, leaning closer to see it.
“That’s a school picture?” No one in my eighth grade would look that good after a whole week of polishing, Sylvia thought. Not even Jamie. Must be a high school thing. A military high school thing.
Julia raised an eyebrow. “Man in uniform. Pretty sharp, if you ask me, Sylvi.”


Chapter Eleven: Elocution & A Little B&E

Holly agreed wholeheartedly about the photo of Lane the following Saturday afternoon as they assembled in Brian’s kitchen to make egg rolls. Sylvia didn’t really want to be there, but she had won the battle against going to her dad’s for the weekend, and her mom insisted she had to be chaperoned in some capacity.
After all, her mom had said, Julia and Terry needed some time together.
“Since when, Red?” Holly asked with a frown as they arranged ingredients on the kitchen counter that afternoon. “Your mom’s never made allowances before when you wanted to hang out with Julia and her current boyfriend.”
“Yeah, I know. It’s kinda creepy.” Sylvia looked out the window to her mom and Brian at the pool outside. Already they’d moved most of the patio furniture to the small gable-roofed shed at the end of Brian’s half-acre yard. Now they were tugging the grill and umbrella that way. “Like she’s been charmed or something.”
“Hexed. Cursed.” Holly nodded, eating one of the baby carrots on the counter. 
“Werewolves curse. Vampires charm.”
“Werewolves are cursed,” Holly said.
Sylvia narrowed her eyes. “The point is, is that Mom is smitten with Terry, and she’s making all these ‘okay’ rules now. Maybe it’s just a midlife crisis or something.”
Holly shrugged and Sylvia looked over the counter stocked with bok choy, scallions, carrots, bean sprouts, and two packages of egg roll wrappers. In the sink two pounds of shrimp were waiting in a colander.
“So, when’s Lane coming by?” Holly smiled, her tone warming at the mention.
Sylvia shook her head as the front door opened. “Not those peers.” She turned to see Brian’s sixteen-year-old daughter Josie step into the room, her hand cupped in that of a slightly older boy. Sylvia sighed at the sight of the surly look on Josie’s perky face crowned by cascades of platinum hair. “These peers.”
Holly stopped munching on the carrot at the derisive glance the lanky boy threw them, his blond hair gelled and spiked to an inch, the tips touched with blue. His leather pants and black shirt were strapped with chains and grommets, and he didn’t smell none too good, as Jamie would say. Mostly of smoke.
Sylvia decided right then that Lane would have snapped him in a heartbeat, and then caught herself, wondering why she was even thinking that at all.
“Hey,” Josie said, sauntering up to the counter.
“Hey,” Sylvia returned.
“Hey,” Holly said.
“This is Shade,” Josie said, leaning against the counter, the boy’s hand stuck in one of her bronze metallic-look skirt back pockets.
“Hey,” he said.
Good grief, Sylvia thought, the communication. “This is Holly,” she introduced. “She’s Chocolate, and I’m Red. I see you’ve met Tricks.”
Shade grinned, but Josie sent Sylvia a dark look. “Whatever. Go ahead and play with your fish bait.”
Josie grabbed Shade’s hand and dragged him past the kitchen to the staircase leading to Brian’s finished basement.
Holly turned to Sylvia, eyes wide. “What was that all about?”
“I didn’t want her to help us.” Sylvia nodded to the egg roll ingredients. “More for us.”
“Yeah, well next time you decide to go for the throat, let me know so I can make an escape route.”
Sylvia shook her head, sliding a large chef’s knife to her, then leaning down to find two cutting boards. “She’s the one dating Scab.”
“His name was Shade, Red,” Holly said.
Sylvia rolled her eyes. “She waltzes in here like she’s a queen bee and we’re all supposed to get out of her way.” She put two boards on the counter. “You know, of all Brian’s spawns, she’s the worst. Julia said just give Josie something else to think about and she won’t give you any grief.”
Holly looked at the can of bean sprouts and then reached for the can opener on the counter. “So now you’re taking pointers from Julia?”
“If Julia can manage to wiggle out of going to Dad’s, then she’s got a few tips I need to know.” Sylvia smiled, pulling the bok choy closer. “Besides, I already got out of going over there this weekend.”
Holly raised an eyebrow as she tipped the open can over the sink and let the sprouts drain of packing water. “Hey, if it works... So, no Lane?”
“You really liked that picture, huh?” Sylvia’s smile widened. “Better than Jamie?”
“Watch your language, Red.”
Sylvia set about chopping up the Asian cabbage. Egg rolls were her favorite, and shrimp were the best. Pork was okay, but shrimp were much better. And it was Brian’s dime, so why not?
Holly dumped the sprouts on a large cutting board and proceeded to hack them into smaller pieces with a knife. “You still think he smokes?”
Sylvia knew Holly was talking about Terry. “Yup. Wouldn’t be the first time a guy has lied to get on Julia’s good side.”
There was a flutter of wings and Blanche landed on her perch near the sliding glass door to watch Brian and Sylvia’s mom taking the last of the yard ornaments – a hideous-looking garden gnome and fairy ball – to the shed.
“You think he’s told her he’s a vampire yet?” Holly asked with a giggle. Sylvia nudged her with an elbow, making her change directions with the knife blade. Holly pivoted her fingers out of the knife’s way. “Hey, don’t make me cut off a finger.”
“I wish you’d stop saying that.”
“Terry’s a vampire? You know you’re thinking it, Red.”
“I’m thinking that Terry’s a vampire?”
Holly nodded. “That Terry’s a vampire. I can see you thinking it.”
Sylvia looked back at her cabbage chopping. She didn’t want to make it mush, but it did need to be fine enough to roll in the wrappers after being cooked. “Yeah, but maybe I’d stop thinking it if you stopped saying it.”
“Bite me.”
They both looked to Blanche, who was bobbing up and down, pacing her perch, her scratchy bird-voice pitched high. “Bite me.”
Sylvia sighed and looked back down at her bok choy. “She’s probably quoting Josie.”
Blanche whistled. “Bite me, big boy.”
Holly laughed. “Or Julia.”
Or Mom, Sylvia thought, but felt like retching at the idea. “Dumb cluck. Maybe we should open the door and accidentally let her escape.”
“She’d just come back. Like a homing pigeon.” Holly dumped the sprouts into the large mixing bowl between her and Sylvia. “What’s next?”
“Shredded carrots.” Sylvia looked at the pile of carrots that had dwindled to half a dozen, thanks to Holly’s munching. “All of them.”
A low giggle followed by a chuckle drifted to them from the basement staircase doorway.
Holly and Sylvia exchanged looks. 
Holly gave a knowing nod. “How much you want to bet they’re not playing pool?”
Sylvia made a face. “Ew.”
The front door opened, and they both paused in their respective chopping to peek around the kitchen opening into the living room. Coming in were Julia and Terry, who both waved upon seeing them.
“Hey, Sylvi. How far along are you two?” Julia called as Terry took her sweater.
“Oh, still chopping,” Sylvia said, and then ducked back into the kitchen with Holly. “Don’t say it, Chocolate.”
“I know you’re thinking it, Red.” Holly resumed work at the counter. She set the stand-up grater on the cutting board still wet with sprout residue.
Sylvia slid the cutting board of cabbage into the mixing bowl and grabbed the bulb of garlic. 
“He does look good today,” Holly said lowly as Julia entered the kitchen.
Sylvia sighed. “When doesn’t he?” One image popped into her mind. She quickly shook her head to dismiss it.
“Ooh, need some help?” Julia rolled up the three-quarter length sleeves of her lightweight lilac sweater.
“Sure.” Sylvia nodded to the shrimp. “It’s not deveined.”
“Bite me,” Blanche said, bobbing, her white head turning at an angle.
“Vulgar bird,” Julia said, washing her hands at the sink. 
“Terry’s a vampire.”
Julia looked at the bird, her blue eyes wide. She absently shut off the water and her gaze settled on Sylvia. “What the hell did that thing just say?”
Sylvia felt the blood run cold through her head, a strange washed-out feeling making her hands numb. “Josie’s here. I think Blanche has been picking up words from her.”
Holly was ashen beneath her usual color, still methodically grating carrots until she clipped off a fingernail.
Julia looked into the pile of carrots. “You better get that nail out, Holly.”
Terry came in then, smiling at the three girls at the counter, returning their looks of varying anxious expressions. “Egg rolls? When do we eat?”
Julia shot Sylvia a venomous look and headed to Blanche. “How about we put you back under the cape for a while?”
“Bite me.”
“Oh, I plan to, Blanche,” Julia muttered, taking the white bird into the living room and down the hall.
“How are you two doing today?” Terry asked, giving Holly and Sylvia’s terrified looks a wondering grin.
“Okay,” they answered in unison.
He nodded, eyeing them warily. He was about to say more, when Julia returned to the kitchen. 
“I think they’ve got this under control,” Julia said, her eyes riveted on Sylvia. She looked back to Terry, a smile melting across her lips. “How about we go outside and see if Mom and Brian need any help?”
He nodded, flashing a smile at Holly and Sylvia before exiting the sliding glass door to the back deck with Julia.
Sylvia turned to Holly, who was regaining some of her color. “Whatever you do, Holly, don’t leave me alone with Julia.”
Holly nodded somberly. 

Sylvia successfully avoided Julia for the next few days. Even when she did have to come face to perfect-face with her older sister, Sylvia maintained that Blanche must have been picking up words from elsewhere. Certainly not her. Or Holly.
Sylvia didn’t think Julia believed her. Not entirely. But at least Julia stopped asking about it. After all, her birthday was in another week. There was more on Julia’s mind.
	
Sylvia looked down the alley behind Terry’s house that Wednesday afternoon on her walk home from school.
“Do it,” Holly said from her side. “His car wasn’t in the front. He’s not home.”
They stood in the alley opening, pulling their hoodies tighter. The weather had turned cooler, and while they were adamant about not wearing a winter coat until absolutely necessary, the thicker pullovers were welcome.
“What if he comes home?” Sylvia’s eyes moved over the fire escape of the nearest three-story building.
Holly tugged on her friend’s pale pink hoodie as she entered the alley. “We’re just looking. No one’s going to see.”
Sylvia sighed and let herself be dragged down the alley. When Terry’s small balcony came into sight, they slowed, fringing the garage of the neighboring building. The fire escape was down, hovering three feet off the ground. They looked up at the sliding glass door they knew to be Terry’s apartment. The blinds were open.
Sylvia pressed her back up against the garage door, shaking her head at Holly. “No way. If he sees us lurking around the balcony, what are we going to say?”
“Say you’re looking for Julia.”
Sylvia shook her head. “From the fire exit?”
Holly blew a bubble and let it pop over her face. She peeled it off slowly. “He’s not home, Red. We don’t have to have an excuse.”
They crossed the alley to the yard behind Terry’s building and took the narrow sidewalk that ran between the buildings. No one saw them. The only neighbor even within sight was an elderly lady who was dozing in the screened porch two houses over, a fat cat lying, sleeping, on her shawl-covered lap.
They paused at the fire escape, looking at the first step of the ladder that came to their waists. 
Holly made a face at Sylvia. “You first, Red.”
Sylvia frowned at the ladder height. “Why me? You’re the athletic one.”
“No, I’m not.”
“You’re going out with the best basketball player in school.”
Holly smiled at the idea. “Well, that doesn’t make me athletic by default. And we’re not really going out. More like,” she smiled wider, “big friends.”
Sylvia looked around at the houses in the neighborhood. No one was watching. She grabbed hold of the second rung of the ladder and struggled to put her shoe on the bottom rung. 
She pulled her hoodie down over her backside that threatened to expose her rear cleavage and hauled herself onto the lowest rung, grunting at the effort. She, too, could have a big friend if she said yes to Matt’s incessant pleading to go to the dance. 
No way, she thought, making her way up the ladder. Not in a million years. She was momentarily blinded by a brief shot of Lane’s school photo flashing before her eyes. She shook her head to clear it and continued climbing, feeling Holly take the lowest rung.
Terry’s balcony was vacant, a tiny three-foot-by-six-foot veranda to facilitate the fire exit. She plastered herself to the side of the building, peeking around the corner of the sliding glass door to see that the kitchen area inside was vacant. 
Holly scrunched close by her side. “See anything?” she asked, panting beside her.
“No.”
“I told you. Ooh, look, it’s unlocked.”
Sylvia’s eyes dropped to the sliding glass door’s locking mechanism to see that the latch was flipped halfway up.
“Ours does that, too, sometimes,” Holly said, nodding. “You have to slam it real good to make sure it holds.”
Sylvia sighed. “Now what?”
“Well, we should go in and make sure it’s locked. You wouldn’t want him to get robbed, would you?”
Sylvia looked at the sprung lock. “This is a nil-crime neighborhood, Holly. Nothing ever happens here.”
“That’s because it has such a bang-up-good neighborhood watch. Let’s go.”
Sylvia glanced to the porch where the woman was napping with her cat. Holly nudged her side with an elbow.
“Just open it, Red.”
Sylvia opened the door. It slid quietly open and they entered Terry’s apartment. Holly immediately looked to the living room.
“What do you think Gackt meant by ‘One of the few’?”
“What? Oh, I don’t know. Don’t touch anything.” Sylvia frowned as her friend edged toward the living room.
“Don’t you want to see what he has?”
“I know what he has. He has my sister.” She grimaced. Parts of her mother, too, she thought.
“All the more reason to check him out.”
Holly headed down the short hall to where Sylvia knew Terry’s bedroom to be. She followed.
“You can’t go in there.”
But Holly was already there.
They stood inside the doorway, looking over the room. The bed was outfitted in a navy, taupe, and brown cotton comforter, pillows, and bed linens. It was a warm, welcoming room that succeeded in inviting them in. To one side were a five-drawer dresser and a dark blue ottoman, the closet halfway open to expose a row of hanging dress shirts and casual slacks and pants. 
“Stop being nosey,” Sylvia said as Holly picked up one of the blue pillows and smelled it.
A dreamy expression crossed Holly’s face. “It smells just like him. Scrumptious.”
Sylvia made a face and paused at the dresser. On it were a comb and dish with some change, a money clip holding a few $50 bills, and a small leather bag zippered shut. She glanced at Holly as she left the room. 
“I’m going to look in the living room,” Holly called as she disappeared.
Sylvia slowly unzipped the bag, not having too much luck with zippers lately. In one compartment side was two filled syringes and two vials of a clear liquid. Encased in the other side was a prescription bottle of capsules. She pulled one out of the elastic sleeve holder enough to see the name on it.
Valtieri Dakmarr. Type Male A, Prescription #7787.
Sylvia frowned at the number. Dakmarr-Moore Pharmaceuticals, the lab company name read. 
She zipped the bag shut and looked to Holly as her friend appeared in the doorway. 
“I heard a car outside. Maybe it’s him.”
They rushed to the sliding glass door and pulled it open. They stepped outside, pulses racing, fingers shaking.
“Wait! We didn’t lock it!” Holly said, her fingernails clutched in Sylvia’s hoodie.
“Ouch. How’re we supposed to lock it from the outside?”
“I don’t know.”
“Well, then we can’t say we went in to lock it if we can’t lock it and then pull it shut behind us.”
They stared at each other for a moment.
“I guess not,” Holly finally said. She grabbed Sylvia’s arm tighter. “Let’s go.”
They half climbed, half fell down the fire escape and headed for the alley. They didn’t stop until they were at the sidewalk of the street, both panting and breathless. 
Holly sighed in relief. “That was close.”
Sylvia gave her a shove. “You said there would be no problem.”
“Hey, maybe there wasn’t a problem. Maybe it wasn’t even his car.”
Sylvia tried to make her breath return to normal. “You know, this is way weird, Holly.”
Holly nodded. “I know, Red.”
“No. I mean...” Sylvia tried not to visualize the prescription number in her head. “It’s really way weird.”
	 

Chapter Twelve: Matt to the . . . Rescue
	
The prescription number was on Sylvia’s mind for the next few days and through the weekend. She dared herself not to look it up on the computer, especially not when Julia was home.
But by Monday, her curiosity was getting the best of her, and she anticipated computer lab. After whizzing – maybe not quite whizzing, but making a good pace through her Mavis Beacon typing program – she looked up Dakmarr-Moore Pharmaceuticals, and looked over the accounts section.
She was so engrossed in trying to find out how to inquire about the prescription number she’d been avoiding thinking about that she didn’t realize Matt had sat down. Until he did.
Milky breath breathed into her neck, nicking Sylvia’s gag reflex. 
“Ooh, looking up refills on your birth control pills?”
If it was an attempt at flirting, it failed sorely to impress Sylvia. She sent an elbow into his stomach beside her, surprised at how soft he was. Eww. 
“Pervert,” she mumbled, leaning closer to the screen.
Matt coughed for a moment, drawing Holly’s attention from the other side of the computer lab. “Sorry, Sylvia. It was just a joke,” he said meekly.
“Yeah, well, you just shot down any chances of getting me to go to any dance, Matt.” Her eyes found the search box she was looking for onscreen, and she typed 7877 into it. It took several minutes for the page to load, and then Valtieri Dakmarr’s chemical life loaded before her eyes. At least, his history of prescriptions with the company.
She clicked on the most recent refill under the heading ‘Drug Composition.’ Maybe it was a medical form of controlled substance, she thought. It certainly didn’t look like insulin to her. 
“Who’s Val-?” The page flipped to another screen. Matt frowned. “Hey, I was reading that, Sylvia.”
“I know.” Her blue eyes went over the new screen page. “Androstenedione DHEA, DHT. Erythrocytes 5.8, Ferritin 17-H, Alpha-2, OXY Transcort...Uric A. 5.1,” she read slowly, confusion mounting. “What the heck is all that?”
“It’s human, liquid, probably a synthetic form of an organic substance naturally occurring in the body.” Matt looked pleased at her perplexed expression. He looked back to the screen, then his face dropped. “But that’s not what the prescription is. That’s what it’s prescribed for. Who, rather.”
Sylvia looked back to the monitor. “Who? It’s not what’s in the prescription, but the person?”
Matt leaned closer, nudging his chair nearer to hers. “Looks like it. I think so.” He grinned, looking to her. “What’chya up to, Red?”
Sylvia exited out of the website. “Don’t call me red, Matt,” she growled. She looked to Holly across the room, who was hidden behind her computer screen with Jamie.
“So, have you decided yet about the dance?”
She looked to him incredulously. “Yes, Matt. I –”
“Yes? You’re saying yes?” His eyes got wide, mouth dropping.
She groaned. “No, I said yes meaning I’ve decided. I said no. Three times.”
He looked crushed, and she felt a little bad, until he slid an elbow onto the table and propped his chin on his palm, staring at her. “There’s always the Halloween dance next month.”
She made a disagreeable face. “I don’t think so.”

Terry joined them for dinner. Julia was home making her famous eggplant spaghetti and garlic bread, complete with Caesar salad and homemade croutons. Sylvia narrowed her eyes at the smell of warm, enticing garlic wafting through the house as she looked at her sister and him in the kitchen.
Garlic bread? Wasn’t Terry supposed to be allergic – deathly allergic – to garlic?
“There she is,” Terry said, spotting Sylvia in the doorway to the kitchen.
Sylvia backed up slowly as he approached.
He grinned at her, a warm expression that made her pulse jump despite the innate urge to run grabbing at her legs. 
“How was school?”
She nodded. Dumb answer, she thought. “Good. How, how’re you?”
He nodded, returning her careful attention. “Good.” His voice dropped lower and he leaned closer to her, his breath warm on her ear.
The hairs along her neck bristled.
“I got the pendant. Want to see it?”
She nodded dumbly at his stunning smile so close to her. 
Vampire? she thought. Vampire who? How could she have connected that word to him? To that fascinating smile, those dark, engaging eyes? She looked to his smile again. Every tooth perfect, she thought.
She found her voice. “Is it here?”
He nodded, slinging one arm casually around her shoulders in a movement that nearly brought her to her knees. “I’m kidnapping your sister for a minute,” he called into the kitchen.
“Don’t be too long,” Julia said back.
She’d just give me over to a vampire like that? Sylvia thought as she was escorted out the front door to Terry’s black Mustang in the driveway. Her steps were stilted, halting, and he seemed not to notice her reluctance.
They went to the passenger side front door and he reached into the glove compartment through the open window for a small, blue velvet box. He opened it to reveal a blue star sapphire in a gold setting, the chain tucked beneath the satin cushion on which it rested. The milky white rays of the star were centered on the blue cabochon, splaying out to all sides of it as she turned the box.
Sylvia felt herself nod, mesmerized by the beauty of that simple stone that she knew would endear Julia to Terry like no other gift. “She’s gonna love it,” she murmured.
“Good.”
She handed back the box as Julia looked out the door at them.
“Got a phone call, sis!”
“It’s real nice,” Sylvia said to Terry, smiling at his grin.
“Thanks.”
When Sylvia got to the phone in her room, she fully expected it to be Holly, even if it wasn’t her cell phone. Instead...it was not.
“Hello?” she said into the earpiece, plopping onto her bed.
“Hi, Sylvia,” Matt’s voice said.
Sylvia lurched so hard her stomach hurt. “Matt?”
“Hey.”
“Who gave you my number?” Then she recalled it wasn’t her cell phone.
“Your number’s in the phonebook, Sylvia.” He cleared his throat. “I was wondering –”
“The answer is still no.” A wash of guilt came over her for a few seconds. “I really value our friendship, Matt. That’s it.” Jeez, it sounded even hollower out loud, she thought.
“Well, the question – this time – is do you want to know what you were looking at on that website in computer lab today?”
She sat up quickly, glancing nervously to her bedroom door. “Sure. Of course. Do you know?”
“Well, it wasn’t what was in the prescription. It’s an equation that makes up a fluid. The content for a specific individual.”
“What does that mean?”
“You were looking at the chemical breakdown of blood, Sylvia. Someone’s particular make-up, not just the basic components.”
“Eww.” She clapped a hand over her mouth. “Like, real blood?”
“Yes.”
“Are you sure?”
“On the good side, the HbCO was well under point-five percent, so they’re not a smoker. Probably never have been.”
Sylvia felt her brain run cold.
“Yes. Male blood. Alpha-Two male, the site listed him as.” There was a heavy sigh on the other end of the line before Matt continued. “Whose is it, Sylvia?”
“A blood report for a prescription. Why would someone have to have that?” she asked more to herself, focusing on her CD player that was popped open.
“Only thing I can think of is for hemophiliac purposes. Maybe whatever you were looking for treats a clotting disorder.”
She felt weak. “Is that the only reason?”
“The only one I can think of.”
“Oh. Thanks, Matt.” She hung up before he had a chance to say anything else. 
She looked slowly to the door as Julia and Terry’s voices drifted to her, the smell of garlic bread getting stronger.
“Come on, Sylvi!” Julia called. “We’re eating now!” 


Chapter Thirteen: What Sylvia Saw

Sylvia spent the next few day making excuses for the information that Matt had unloaded on her. Actually, she thought, it wasn’t so much the information as the imprecations.
She’d learned the word imprecations in a  vocabulary challenge in English class just last week.
She took solace in Fruits Basket. Her eyes glazed over as the looked at Kyo’s sour face, orange hair planted strategically on his manga-drawn head, his face in Xs and Os as he howled – in dialog bubbles – at Yuki. She pouted back at Kyo’s pouty face, feeling for his outcast, disowned state of affairs.
She rolled onto her back on the bed, smiling up at the manga she held over herself. Fruits Basket was better than she thought it would be.
“Comic books are for people too retarded to read Shakespeare,” Matt had said in computer lab when he saw her hunkered over volume three when she was supposed to be doing her Mavis Beacon.
“I’m done,” she’d told him, wanting to hiss like the orange cat in the manga would have. Instead she had coughed, putting a steadying hand to the table holding the computers.
In her bedroom, lying beside the Potato magazine of Junno, she read the manga, word for word, hoping to distract herself from the all-too-reality of Julia’s boyfriend. She smiled. Junnosuke Taguchi. His hair was dark again, his eyes smiling back from the magazine article in dark brown as they should be. She went limp. She let the manga fall to one side, the other hand lying on her pillow.
Dark hair, dark eyes... Terry’s face flashed before her eyes... Vampires...
Her hand clasped over her face, fingers squeezing. 
Why was she hung up on vampires lately?
“Got company!” Julia called from the hall.
Sylvia sat up, her thoughts scattering as she shook her head. Holly immediately came to mind. “Coming!”
Julia should have warned her, Sylvia thought as she shuffled into the living room. She was still running a hand through her unruly, unkempt hair as she appeared in the living room.
It was too late to run.
“Hey,” Lane said, his eyes dropping over her as she stopped dead-struck in the room, her mouth agape.
“Oh. Hi,” she stuttered as he stood in the living room, returning her stare of shattered composure with one of amusement.
“You got a few minutes?”
She nodded numbly, glancing at Julia, who was smiling, a knowing lilt to her face.
Sylvia nodded too many times at Lane.
A pause.
Lane sighed, looking to Julia. “Can she go for a walk?”
Julia shook her head. “I don’t know. Maybe.” She looked to Sylvia. “Can you go for a walk?” She stepped closer to her sister, leaning to Sylvia’s awestruck posture, her voice lowering. “So, do you think you can support yourself?”
Sylvia garnered every supportive strand of her being. When had Lane ever sought her out before? She nodded dumbly to Julia.

They made their way down the sidewalk, around the block of modest houses in her neighborhood. He walked beside her, hands jammed in his front jean pockets, a full head and half a shoulder taller than her. 
Sylvia felt small. Had he really grown that much since Brian’s last party?
“So,” he said as they nearly ended circling the block in silence, “what do you want?”
Sylvia strode mechanically beside him, arms crossed in front of her in the absence of anything but her t-shirt, so anxious she’d been to take him up on his offer for the promenade. 
“What do I want?” she repeated, looking askance to him.
He returned her unfocused attention. “Yeah.”
She looked to the sidewalk stretching before them. Her mind ping-ponged in several directions. “We got your picture.”
He grinned, his eyes lighting at the mention. “I got yours, too.”
“My what?” She felt the obtuseness slide over her face. 
“Your school picture. Nice.”
She shoved her hands deeper into her armpits. “Oh. Well, I was bad that day. I had...” What was she supposed to say? A bad case of the mug-shots that day? “I was –”
“You should have grabbed a jacket,” he said, pulling off his hoodie and handing it to her until she took it, leaving him in a black and red Detroit Red Wings t-shirt.
For a moment she just trod beside him, the navy blue hooded sweatshirt in her hands, her pace keeping astride of him, eyes fastened on his. 
“Shit, Sylvi, put it on,” he said as she remained transfixed.
She nodded absently and pulled the sweatshirt over hear head. For a moment she was lost in its bulk, the smell of musk, the smell of him, and then she felt a hand pull at the thick material, easing the shirt down over her as she struggled.
“Jeez,” he said, “find your way out.”
She nodded, settling the hoodie over herself.
“So,” he said again as they began to circle her block once more, “what do you want?’
She frowned, happily smiling at the warmth of the pleasant smelling sweatshirt, looking up to him as he looked to her. “I like your hair shorter,” she said, then cupped her hand to her mouth.
He put a hand to his head, grinning, brushing the short brown hairs back. “Yeah, I guess me, too.”
She felt the warmth start from her stomach and well up. The pullover was perfectly warm.
A few steps later, he asked, “What do you want?”
“Uhh...?”
He gave her a perplexed shake of his head. “For your birthday. Fourteen, right?”
Oh...yes...her birthday...of course...
		
Holly wouldn’t go with her all the way to Terry’s street that Friday afternoon. Sylvia rationalized until she was pleading, but Holly wouldn’t budge. 
“I want to, but I promised Jamie I’d go to the library with him.” Holly slammed her school locker shut, looking to Sylvia’s face, which was a mixture of pretty much all desperation and angst.
“I need moral support on this. I can’t go sneaking in by myself.” Sylvia hugged her English book closer. This time she had on a double set of hoodies and low-sole sneakers. She’d come prepared for the breaking and entering she had planned. 
“What are you expecting to find? Vials of blood in his refrigerator?” Holly pulled her best hoodie – the bronze one trimmed in faux fur and lined with a beading of iridescent root beer-colored spangles – over her head and flipped her hair out the collar. 
Sylvia screwed up her face at her friend. “You can’t refrigerate blood; it congeals.”
Holly looked disgusted. “So, then he’d have to warm it up until it got all liquidy or just to room temperature before he downed a glass of it?”
Sylvia didn’t act on the gag reflex that neared her throat. “I don’t think it works that way.”
They headed down the crowded eighth grade hall to the building entrance. “Then how does it work?”
 Sylvia shook her head. “I want another look in the bathroom. The medicine cabinet.”
Holly smiled as an arm settled over her shoulders, and Jamie looked over her to Sylvia as he fell into step at her side. 
“Hey, Buffy.”
Sylvia groaned as they waded through the crowd of students and sifted through the double doors at the front of the school. “I’ll go on my own,” she said to Holly, giving Jamie a weak smile. “See you guys later.”
“Am I still invited to Julia’s birthday?”
“Of course,” Sylvia said. Julia’s birthday party was a family affair, with Terry taking her out for dinner later that evening. “Have fun at the library, Chocolate.”
	 
Abandoned and forlorn on her venture into Terry’s neighborhood, Sylvia skirted the back alleys, dodging stray cats and the few other school kids who were on their way home in the brisk, sunny afternoon. 
The wind was more than a breeze, rattling loose chain link fencing and making garbage scuttle across the sidewalks. She hugged her book closer, looking to the backyard of Terry’s apartment house. She’d already checked the front street. His car wasn’t in sight. 
Her courage lagged as she made her way slowly into the backyard and to the fire escape.
Matt’s added knowledge into the prescription by Dakmarr was unsettling, partly because Terry’s family owned the company, and partly because she’d never heard of a drug like it before. She’d certainly never seen it advertised on television, and there were some very intimate pharmaceutical commercials out there.
She left her English book on a garbage can lid at the bottom of the fire exit ladder and grabbed the lowest rung, hoping the sliding glass door lock was tripped. If she moved quickly, she could be in and out in a few moments. 
Maybe it was better this way, without Holly, Sylvia thought. She would have only slowed things down, wanting to smell pillows and such.
Sylvia smiled, thinking back on the impromptu walk with Lane. Talk about random, she thought. He looked even better up close than in his picture. Smelled better, too. She focused on climbing the ladder. Okay, she thought, time to fantasize about Lane later.
She made it to Terry’s small balcony and pushed herself to the wall, peeking into the apartment through the sliding glass door. No one. Empty. She looked to the door latch. It was sprung up. Unlocked.
Bingo.
She slid the heavy glass door open a foot and slipped inside. Everything was the same, the kitchen and living room clean, but with a lived-in feel. The apartment was quiet, and she had to fight the urge to thumb through the photo book on the coffee table. Instead she headed for the bathroom.
She paused, looking at the closed toilet lid in the bathroom. He even kept it closed when it was just him living there? She sighed. Julia was right. Terry was perfect.
She opened the mirrored medicine cabinet, then looked at her reflection for a moment. Weren’t vampires supposed to be unable to show up properly in a mirror? Or was that werewolves? 
With shaky fingers she opened the cabinet again, her eyes going over the usual items. She took out a tube of cream – mysterious cream – and looked to the name. Topical Tyrosine cream. She looked with confusion at the words, until she read the back of the tube. ‘For increased natural melanin characteristics. Use sparingly. Avoid ingesting carrots when using this product,’ the label read.
She frowned, then replaced the tube. Beside it were small foil wrapped packets of – she held her breath, dreading – but they were individually wrapped packets of something else, called HemoPatch. The word made her feel ill, and she almost wished they had been nicotine patches. Or condoms. She reached for two prescription bottles. Both were made out to Terry, both from Dakmarr-Moore. One was marked Anti-alicyn, recommended use for garlic consumption; the other was called HelioSee. She looked at the dosing directions. ‘Take one to two tablets when chances of being exposed to direct sunlight. Warning: Never look directly into sun.’
Her fingers began trembling. What kind of prescriptions were these? She’d never heard of anything like them before, and— 
The front door opening in the living room nearly made her drop the bottles into the sink. She carefully set them back in the cabinet and quietly closed it. She looked to the open bathroom door, hoping he’d go into the kitchen before the bedroom. Her thoughts screeched to a stop. That wouldn’t help her. She had to go to the kitchen, too.
She remained immobile as footsteps approached down the hall, normally-paced steps, not hesitant. She tried to recall if she’d shut the balcony door before she’d headed for the bathroom.
Terry passed by the bathroom without pausing, and Sylvia felt her heart drop into her shoes. She remained motionless, hearing him in the bedroom, whistling lowly now. Her eyes focused on the mirror, which was now at an angle from where she stood. The bottom edge had a small flap hanging loose near the corner, as if a whisper thin film was covering the glass.
She frowned, putting one fingernail to the loose edge, lifting just a few millimeters to see a clear film that spread out over the mirror. It pulled loose as she moved her finger, and she immediately stopped, her shaky finger smoothing down the film. So that was it.
Down the hall Terry’s whistling had lowered, his movements making only muted sounds now from the bedroom. Sylvia edged closer to the door and peeked down the hall. She could see his shadow in the next room, the sound of a zipper being pulled. A sick feeling welled in her stomach, but she tiptoed into the hall and angled her head to see into the bedroom.
He was at the bureau, one long shirt sleeve pulled up, a rubber band encircling his bicep, the other hand holding a needle syringe to his forearm below. His face was pale, dark around his eyes, drawn-looking, as she’d seen him the night of Brian’s party.
Sylvia caught her breath as she backed away. Terry turned, looking at her in surprise, and her eyes grew wide in horror at the set of well-shaped fangs jutting from his upper teeth.
She wasn’t sure if she screamed or not as she flung herself down the hall, rushing for the front door – forget the English book – and wrapped her hands around the doorknob.
Terry’s large hand grabbed her wrist and he pulled her around to face him. “Where do you think you’re going, Sylvia?” 
“No! Let me go!”
“Not so fast.”
She looked up at his face, her eyes falling over the fangs, his blanched pallor, the hollow look to his eyes. His shirt sleeve was still rolled up, the rubber band dangling at his arm.     
His hand relaxed a bit on her wrist, the hold less bruising, and before her eyes his face turned back to its normal tan shade, his eyes losing their dark circles. She cringed, sinking away until her back was against the door, watching as the long eyeteeth shrunk in seconds, regaining their usual shape. He smiled at her.
“You’re a vampire!” she sputtered. Her back pressed harder, her pulse rocketing through her wrists.
He looked down at his fingers around her wrist. “Your heartbeat is incredible.” He grinned, lowering her arm, but not releasing it. “Little Sylvia,” he said, his voice taking on a musical lilt. “Vampires? Is that what they teach you in school?”
“I saw you. I saw you...and all the stuff you have.”
His eyes narrowed ever so slightly, and then he released her hand, but leaned closer. “You saw nothing.”
She focused on him, his face only inches from hers. “I saw everything.”
“No. No. Repeat after me, Sylvia, dear sister of the woman I love. You saw nothing.”
She blinked a few times, watching as he moved a foot away and took the band off his arm. “You love Julia?”
He nodded, the warm smile back on his face. He unrolled the shirt sleeve and turned it back over his arm. “You didn’t know?”
She shook her head, putting her fingers to her temple as she felt lightheaded. “But I saw you in –”
“No.” He put one hand on the door beside her head, looking her over carefully for a long moment. “I thought I smelled someone. You do have a scent, you know. A very light, pleasant scent. I know someone else has noticed, too.” He looked at the alarm in her face. “It’s not a bad thing, Sylvia. Everyone has a smell. All men can smell women; most of them just don’t know it. You smell like strawberries.”
She shook her head as he grinned at her.
“You saw nothing. You were mistaken about anything you think you saw.” A somberness came back to his dark eyes as they dropped over her face for a moment, lingering on her lips before rising to her eyes again. “Do you understand me?”
She swallowed, shakily nodding. 
He smiled and stood back. “Good. Good that we understand each other. Now, I’ll drive you home.”


Chapter Fourteen: Friendly Denial

Sylvia sat in the front of the Mustang, hand on the door side in a flight-mode setting even though they were only traveling at thirty-five miles per hour. There was a petrified look of shock on her face and she was oblivious to the neighborhoods they passed.
Beside her Terry was chatting blithely about Julia’s upcoming birthday party. She looked over at him slowly, barely able to breathe since they’d left his apartment seven minutes ago.
“Are you going to hurt her?” she finally stammered out.
He looked at her, the personable grin on his face subtracting everything she’d seen in his apartment that afternoon. “Why, Sylvi, whatever are you talking about?”
“You know what I mean.” The words fell flat and she choked at the end, de-emphasizing any impact she hoped they had.
“Never happened.” He looked back at the street before them and slowed the car at the red light they came to at the intersection. “You shouldn’t let your imagination run off with you. Bad habit.”
Her teeth caught her lower lip and bit to keep from shouting him down with accusations. She felt a trickle of blood start at the wounded skin. Her eyes grew wide in horror as she realized what she’d done. She wiped the tiny spot of blood away from her lip with the back of her hand, brain freezing anew at the movement. Her eyes shot to Terry as he looked over at her.
“Another bad habit,” he muttered, one hand reaching across her to the glove box and snapping it open. He withdrew a pocket-size bundle of tissues and handed it to her. “Don’t be so nervous, Sylvi.”
She scrunched farther away in her seat, hands trembling as she fumbled with the tissues. She pulled one out of the package and touched it to her lip, seeing the faint pink color the tissue. She looked back to Terry, who seemed unaffected by the blood. 
“As for your question,” he said, turning the car into another lane at the corner, “no, and I’m not going to let anyone else hurt her either.”
“But that’s what vampires do,” she said, her voice muffled behind the tissue.
He chuckled dryly, shaking his head as the car made its way down the street. “Since you’re so adamant about vampires this afternoon,” he said, his grin broadening, “I’ll humor you. Vampires – if you believe the myth and legend – have been around a long time, are nearly impossible to exterminate, and can coexist quietly among the living world.” He flicked on the radio to a pop station. “Emphasis on quietly.” 
“But they’re blood-sucking terrorists,” she said for lack of tapping her imagination.
“You really think so? You don’t think that after hundreds of years, something as far-fetched as the notion of real vampires alive today wouldn’t have found a way to acclimate to a variety of cultures?” He awaited her answer, but she only nodded in a bobble-headed way. “Technology finds a way. So does the survival instinct.”
“I don’t want my sister anywhere near a vampire,” she said. It was supposed to be a bold stand, even as her hand clawed for the door latch, but her voice only eked out like Matt’s on a voice-changing day. “I won’t let her get hurt.”
He smiled, but there was a hint of threat behind his eyes. “Nor will I. I’ll never let anyone hurt Julia. And I do mean never, Sylvia.” He reached over and tousled her hair that was slightly windblown.
Sylvia froze at his touch, the tissue hovering near her lip, wanting to throw his hand away, but only able to manage a nod. “But you’re...you’re a...”
“Man in love with your sister, Sylvi,” he said, leaning closer a little, eyes narrowing on her only momentarily. He straightened, the grin back on his striking features. “Is that so hard to believe?”
Her head wobbled in answer.
“Now,” he said, slowing the car and turning into her driveway, “I want you to do something for me.”
Sylvia’s mind was already racing into a chorus of defiant ‘Not on your life!’ before he finished the sentence.
He stopped the car and put it into park, watching her terrified eyes go to the front porch steps where absolutely no one was watching out the windows to observe. He leaned one arm on the steering wheel and turned to her as she looked back with a numb gaze.
“I went over to Terry’s apartment to talk about Julia’s birthday gift,” he said, his tone melodious, belying the previous panic she’d witnessed. “Now you say it, Sylvia.”
The tissue dropped from her lip as she swallowed, her throat too dry. She opened her mouth, no words inching out.
“Say it, Sylvi,” he urged, eyes on her lips. Or maybe the spot of blood lingering from where she’d bitten.
“I went over to Terry’s...” she began against her will.
“...to talk about the birthday gift,” he said, voice sinking into her brain where it found the very back of her head and sunk down to her spine
She nodded.
“Say it, Sylvia.” The low hum of words dropped farther down her backbone.
She nodded again, fingers groping for the door latch. “I went over to your place to talk about the pendant.” She frowned a little as she said it, the words at odds with what she knew she’d seen.
“Good. Now, believe it.”
She made another head bobble.
“No ghost stories, no werewolves howling, nothing else.”
“It was –”
“A pleasant afternoon looking at the sapphire pendant,” he finished, his voice but a murmur that hummed true in her ears, making her nod. “Good.” He gave her a brilliant smile and sat back before opening the car door and getting out.
Sylvia sat immobile as he crossed in front of the car, tossing a wave to her mom who was peeking out the window. She glanced to Terry as he opened the car door for her. It was true, she thought through the fog in her brain. Vampires could hypnotize. 
The door opened and she obediently got out into the chilly afternoon, returning a feeble smile to Terry’s charming grin.
“Thanks for the ride,” she forced herself into saying, almost believing it, embracing the fallacy over the truth, for the moment.
“See you later, Sylvi.” 

For two days Sylvia wandered the world numb and neutral. She went about her days and classes and routine with her usual ineptness. The doorbell experiment with Matt in science class barely registered with her.
But she was pretty sure they’d managed an A-minus.
She did have enough focus to say No again when Matt asked her – again – to the first dance.
All the while, no one noticed, not Julia, not her mother, and not even Holly, that Sylvia knew.
Terry knew, and Sylvia knew.
And Terry wasn’t telling anyone.
“...but I wish I could be there,” Holly was saying as they walked home from school that blustery late September day. “You’d think that Julia would want to spend her birthday with Terry, not everyone else in her life.”
Sylvia hugged her book bag closer to her chest; the bra was shifting, filling, making odd lumps against her ribs now. She was, as Julia put it, filling-out. “They’re going out for dinner later, after cake and sherbet with Mom,” she said. “Can’t you cancel seeing your dad that day?”
Holly sighed heavily. “Not so close to Christmas.”
Sylvia groaned. Every time she opened her mouth, she meant to say “I saw Terry turn from a vampire into a man again!” but that wasn’t what came out. Whenever she tried to tell Holly the truth about that day in Terry’s apartment, the words took a turn and came out different. Like some latent power spell had enacted when Terry had told her ‘Believe it’, she thought.
Holly sighed again and smiled. “Two weeks to the first dance. I think we should go shopping. I need to get a new skirt.”
Sylvia gave her a cross look, which was totally ignored by Holly. “Jamie won’t care what you wear, Chocolate.”
Holly smiled bigger. “Yeah, he’s good like that.”
Sylvia rounded up her courage. “What if he really is a vampire, Holly? He really likes Julia.”
Holly’s lips twisted in a wry smile. “Terry?”
“Yes, Terry.”
Holly thought about the idea for a minute. “Did he bite her?”
“No...” Sylvia’s eyes widened. “I mean, I don’t think so.” She felt a rattle begin at her spine. “If he did, does that mean she’s a vampire?” Was she too late? Had the damage been done? She cringed. Had she failed to warn her sister?
“Yup.” Holly nodded. “She’ll be a vampire and there’s no turning back.”
Sylvia cringed, moving mechanically down the sidewalk. “So, does that mean she’d have to suck people’s blood? And no more sunshine?”
Holly giggled insanely. “And she’ll come after you in your sleep, Red. Think about that.”
Sylvia stopped walking. “So...she won’t even be my sister anymore? She’ll be some creature of the night?” Vivid images from old movies ghosted through her head—women in wispy white nightgowns and fang puncture marks on their necks, oozing blood. She shuddered. “And she’ll –?”
“Red,” Holly snapped, shaking her shoulder. “Think! Are you serious? You know how weird you sound right now?”
Sylvia nodded. That was how they all – all those centuries of vampires – kept their secrets: disbelief.
“You know that weird shit you asked Matt about?” Holly raised an eyebrow. “That prescription-thingy with the Alpha-Two and lab stuff?”
The word alpha jarred Sylvia back to the present. “Hey, how do you know about that?”
“Matt was talking about it to you in science, but you were too zoned-out to absorb. What’s been on your mind, Red?” 
Sylvia tried to recall the conversation with Matt but nothing came to mind. Maybe her ignore button was still on. “What’d he say?”
“He said maybe it was like a Lego-piece. You know, it fit someone exactly.” She waited for Sylvia to nod or at least blink. She got a blink. 
“And?” Sylvia said, still dredging her mind for the conversation. Ignoring Matt had worked a little too well, it seemed.
“And it was like a supplement, like adding-in stuff that person needed but didn’t have.” Holly gave her a crooked smile. “Like insulin, but it wasn’t that. Something different a person – that person – needed and didn’t have.”
And that something that the prescription made up, Sylvia knew, was blood.
The blood type was formulated for what Terry needed and didn’t – or decided not to – supply for himself by other means.
She felt faint, like the ground was going to fold beneath her, like the sidewalk would snap her up and she’d disappear into concrete jaws.  
She shook her head, bracing herself emotionally. “Oh,” she said, taking a deep breath, trying to sift through Holly’s damaging information. “Then...then I guess...that’s better.”
Holly frowned at her. “Better than what?”
Sylvia walked on down the sidewalk, the feeling in her synapses slowly returning.
What she’d learned the past few weeks added up to something she couldn’t ignore, even with all of Terry’s insisting that it wasn’t true.
She looked to Holly. “Better than biting her.”


Chapter Fifteen: Sylvi and the Vampire

The denial period was over. Sylvia felt it slip away. Despite what Terry said, he knew she knew.
And she knew it was too late.
She took solace in her bedroom, flinging herself face-down on the bed, only to knock her forehead on something hard at the edge of her pillow. 
“Oww,” she moaned, sitting up and rubbing her forehead. She put one hand to the pillow and found the blocky object wedged half underneath it.
At first the tissue-wrapped, flat rectangle seemed misplaced, but as Sylvia got a better look at it, she noticed the black kanji lettering printed on the tan tissue. Her heart nearly stopped.
She sat straight on the bed edge and stared at it. It was too big to be a CD, too small to be a wall calendar. She carefully unwrapped it.
Junnosuke Taguchi stared back at her from a picture frame, smiling, his dark eyes seeming to actually see her. Autographed at the bottom right were the words, “To Sylvia, my American sweetheart.” A double heart and Xs and Os followed.
Sylvia sat stunned, staring at the Jpop idol, the air around her seeming to freeze for a few moments.
“Do you like it?” came Julia’s voice from the doorway.
Sylvia yelped and nodded automatically. She wanted to cradle the framed photo closer, but then she wouldn’t be able to see it. She stared back at Julia. “Where’d you get it?”
“I didn’t.” Julia stepped in, leaving the door open. “Terry sent a message to the Johnny’s groups head manager and got in contact with Mr. Taguchi – Junno, to you, Sylvi – and asked for the photo.” She smiled at Sylvia’s shock. “Right after that day we went to the beach.”
Sylvia closed her mouth, a little, and looked down at Junno.
“He wanted to give it to you for your birthday, but he’s supposed be on the road then, so here it is.”
Sylvia nodded slowly, glancing back up.
“And,” Julia said, her tone evening out more, “it might help with the shock.”
Sylvia felt her mood plummet. “What shock?”
Julia lifted one shoulder, making her brilliant blue sweater settle over her chest in a way that showed off her curves better. “Come into the living room.”
Sylvia felt like someone had given her a blindfold and asked for her last requests. “Why?”
Julia turned and left out the doorway.
Sylvia gripped the picture frame, trying to squeeze courage from the photo. None came.
She stood up.

Terry was already there when Sylvia got to the living room. He and Julia sat down on the couch as Sylvia slowly took a cautious seat in the armchair. Terry’s hand was closed warmly over both of Julia’s in a firm clasp that made the older sister smile, her face radiant, excitement in her eyes. 
Sylvia looked suspiciously to Terry. He gave her a grin that wasn’t quite innocent. 
He leaned forward slightly on the couch, smiling at Julia, and then to Sylvia. “I’ve been dating you sister for nearly eight months now, Sylvia, and –” 
“Eight months?” Sylvia said, nearly bringing herself out of the chair. “No... Two months, at the most.” She looked to Julia, hoping for some support to her math. 
Julia looked surreptitiously to Terry. “Longer than that, sis. We’ve been dating since last winter.”
Sylvia’s jaw nearly unhinged, letting her chin drop.
“I’ve grown very fond of Julia in that time,” Terry said, grinning at Julia before looking back to Sylvia. “It’s not a long time, I agree, but we’ve come to know each other.” Some of the humor left his eyes. “And we’ve been honest with each other in that time.” 
Sylvia felt her stomach begin a slow turn. 
“I’ve never felt the same about anyone else, ever, and we’re talking about a long time,” he added. 
Julia smiled, actually giggled, as Terry grinned at her. He looked back to Sylvia. “We thought you should know, because you’re sisters, and I know you care about her. I care about her, too.” 
Sylvia gained used of her mouth again. “What’s going on?”
“We want you to know first, before Mom,” Julia said, a small sigh escaping her. Terry’s hand tightened on hers. Julia faced Sylvia. “Because you’ve been so concerned about some things lately.”
Sylvia glared at Terry. “What’d you do to her?”
“Jeez, Sylvi, no one did anything to anyone, okay?” Julia shook her head. She looked to Terry, exchanging a longing glance. Her eyes went back to her sister and she looked as if she were ready to burst. She thrust her hand out. “I’m engaged!”
Sylvia was on her feet immediately, not looking at the ring Julia was trying to show off. “You can’t! He’s a vampire!”
“Oh, good grief, Sylvi, would you grow up? You know he’s great. He’s good to me,” Julia said, pausing to look at Terry, “and we love each other.”
Sylvia shook her head. “You can’t!”
Terry cleared his throat, a somberness in his eyes when he looked to Sylvia. “I understand your concerns, Sylvia, but they’re unfounded. You’re still carrying around outdated misconceptions about my people. I’ve never hurt Julia, and I never will, nor will I let anyone else. You’ve got to understand that.”
“No, no,” Sylvia murmured, shaking her head when Julia looked to her.
“Sit down, sis. Just listen.”
Sylvia folded into the chair again, her legs weak, her mind jelly, the air falling short of her lungs when she tried to breathe.
Terry sat back in the couch, his arm resting across the back of it, his hand draped casually over Julia’s shoulder. “I want to marry Julia. Not right away,” he said as a look of terror crossed Sylvia’s face. “She’s got school, and she’s thinking about college. We can wait, or marry and then she can continue her education. My family’s business is a quiet company, but solid; I can provide well for her. Her future will be secure.”
“But everything else?” Sylvia finally stammered.
He looked to Julia, his fingers playing lightly with a strand of her hair. “I want to spend my future with her,” he said softly. “Which brings me to another matter.” He cleared his throat again, looking to Sylvia. “About the future; her future. I want to grow old with her, and she with me. As things are naturally, that’s not possible.”
Sylvia was unable to stop her mouth from dropping lower and lower. “You want to bite her? You want her to be a vampire, too?”
“Biting someone doesn’t make them a vampire, Sylvia. That’s just Hollywood movie trash,” he said, a hint of grin playing at his mouth. “Vampires are born; not created or recruited.”
Sylvia looked to Julia, who was blushing in a becoming way.
“Female vampires pass along the V-gene, not males. So, perhaps our children,” he said, looking to Julia as she blushed, “but not your sister. Not a chance.”
“But...” Sylvia felt ill, bloodless, helpless. “He’ll bite...or feed, whatever they call it.” She gave Julia her best imploring look. “He’ll bite you, Julia.”
Her sister laughed a little, sinking to Terry’s side. “It’s not like he hasn’t before, Sylvi.”
“He bit you?” Sylvia wanted to stand, but was afraid her feet wouldn’t hold her. 
“Not hard; just playing around.” Julia smiled, her hand going to one of Terry’s knees. “Just for fun.”
Sylvia couldn’t force any words to her lips. She just stared as Terry took up the conversation.
“This time was a little different,” he said, less humor in his tone. 
“How?” Sylvia’s mind refocused. “Was? You said was?”
“Just a small break in the skin,” Julia said, as if she were talking about painting her fingernails a different color.
“No!” Sylvia now stood, and Julia reached up and pulled her down beside her on the couch.
Sylvia sat with a heavy thud, staring at Terry in horror until she could rip her gaze away to Julia.
That perfect neck, the willowy and slender neck that Sylvia had never seen a hickey on – bitten? “When?” 
“It’s okay. We talked about it, and I wanted him to.” She scowled at the look slipping over Sylvia’s face. “I know some of this subject is beyond you right now, sis, but couples do kind of nibble sometimes, anyway.”
“Ew, stop it, Julia.” Sylvia dropped back in the couch, shaking her head, eyes roving her sister’s neck. No blemish, not even a freckle. 
“Well, they do, and it was a necessary step for me to grow old with Terry, and I really didn’t mind. We’re more kindred spirits now, and that’s forever. Vampires mate for life.”
Sylvia looked to Terry sitting, watching, from beside her sister. “You’ll never have children,” she said lowly. “Vampire guys can’t do it, and they’re sterile anyway.”
“You’re wrong there.” Terry spoke up, looking around Julia to see her better. “On several levels.” His arm came around Julia’s waist and he kissed her cheek, sending a glance Sylvia’s way. “I’ll let you two talk and get that cleared up.”
When he’d left for the kitchen, Sylvia turned on Julia. “Are you nuts?”
Julia pulled the neck of her blue sweater to one side. On her neck were two small points, eyeteeth-tiny.
Sylvia leaned forward, squinting at the two dots on the lower slope of her sister’s neck. Just two simple points. No blood. 
And now immortal.
Her eyes rose to Julia’s happy face. “You’ll live forever?”
Julia smiled mischievously. “Pretty much, yes. It’s not the forever part I wanted, Sylvia. Not that; I want to always be with Terry, as long as he’s alive. Now I can do that.” 
Sylvia blinked slowly as Julia ran her fingers over her cheek where the dodge ball had smacked her weeks ago. 
“You’ll understand the depths of love someday, sis. You’ll see,” Julia said, smiling at her.
Sylvia finally looked to her sister’s hand as Julia’s fingers left her cheek. A large-carat engagement ring shone on one slender finger. “You’re really gonna marry him? Vampire and all?”
Julia smiled. “Vampire and all, Sylvi.”
Sylvia swallowed uncomfortably. “So that’s what the Junno photo was. Bribery, huh?”
“No, that’s generosity, sis,” Julia said. “Terry’s going to be out of the country a few weeks in October.” She looked to the doorway to the kitchen.
Julia felt more than saw Terry there. She slowly looked to him. 
He grinned, seeming to wait on her to say something. “Well, Sylvia? Am I welcome to share your sister’s life?”
Sylvia could find no fault in him; not in his appearance, his treatment of her sister, nothing. She knew from her own snooping that his vampiric tendencies were under control and the Dakmarr name was built around just that industry. She nodded.
He smiled. “Good. Then it’s settled. A nice long engagement and then forever together.”
Sylvia felt Julia kiss her cheek before standing up. Sylvia looked to them.
The perfect pair. Julia was the girl every guy wanted to date. And now, Terry had her.
Valtieri Dakmarr, a vampire, was going to be part of their family.
Sylvia stood up and took a deep breath, hoping to shore up her flagging willpower. “Yeah,” she heard herself say. “Yeah, it’s okay with me.”
Terry grinned and kissed Julia’s cheek. Julia smiled at Sylvia.
Sylvia didn’t quite feel like fainting anymore. She managed to rummage up half a smile and mumbled something before heading for the door.
Outside the weather was cool, refreshing, and welcome. Sylvia rushed into it, trying to steady the flurry of information blasted at her.
It was all true.
And it was all...okay?
Julia was okay with this?
Her cell phone rang and she dug it out of her pocket. Holly.
“Oh-my-gosh-Ryo’s-quitting-NEWS!” Holly’s voice erupted from the phone.
Sylvia tried to react appropriately. “What?”
Holly took a deep breath and ran it together again. “Ryo-chan is quitting NEWS! He and YamaP are quitting NEWS!”
Sylvia sat down on the porch and frowned. “There’s always been rumors about that.”
“But this time I think it’s real. Really real.”
“But he’s still in Kanjani8, right?”
Holly huffed. “Is that all you can say, Red?”
Given the circumstances, Sylvia thought, yes. “You like Kanjani8 better than NEWS anyway, right? So maybe Ryo does, too.”
There was silence over the phone for a moment. “Yeah. I guess so. Okay... I guess I panicked.” 
Sylvia’s mind twisted back over Julia and Terry’s news.
“...still there?”
“Yeah, I’m here.” Sylvia frowned. “What did you say about Junno?”
“I said there’s a singer who looks just like him in a Kpop group. DBSK, or Dong Bang Shin Ki. His name is ChangMin and he’s a dead ringer for Junno.”
Sylvia didn’t believe it. Then again, she’d just accepted a vampire into the family. “I gotta go, Chocolate. I’ve got to...stew a while.”
“Oh?” Holly’s voice grew gossipy. “Wanna share?”
“Not quite yet.” Sylvia pressed the phone off and closed it up before Holly could push the topic. She sat looking out at the grass in the yard, her mind buzzing with too much new information.
Who was she to judge Terry? If he had his vampiric cravings under control, was good to Julia, and Julia wanted him, why not? What was the problem?
She closed her eyes tight. All those old black and white vampire movie images swam through her mind. Fangs, cloaks, blood, women swooning...
But it wasn’t like that. Not really.
“Hey, what’re you doing?” It was Lane’s voice.
Sylvia’s eyes flung open.
There stood Lane with his ten-speed bike leaning on a kickstand in their driveway. She blinked and stood up as he met her at the steps.
“Nothing,” she said limply. He stopped in front of her, and even with her standing on the bottom step, he was still taller than her. She also got a very up-close look at those steely gray eyes.
“You waiting on someone?” he asked, glancing to the driveway, then to Terry’s car. “You got a date?” he asked, looking her full in the face again.
She giggled a little. “No.”
“Good.” He grinned, shifting on his sneakers, hands jammed in a gray and cobalt hoodie. “So, you got plans for the first Friday dance?”
She frowned and then blinked twice. “The dance at my school?” The dance Matt had asked her to? The day she was counting-down to pass with a daily No in science class?
“Yeah, your school.” His gaze went to each of her eyes, nearly melting her on the spot. “You going with anyone to it?”
She shook her head.
He misread her surprise. “Yeah, I know it’s kinda odd, with our parents seeing each other and stuff, but it’s not like we’re related. Even if they got married,” he added hastily, grinning a bit. “Even then we wouldn’t really be related. Just step-shit kind of stuff. No blood relation.”
“Oh, yes, it would...be...steppish.” She watched his hands fumble in his pocket before looking to his face again. “You want to go to our school’s dance?”
“Yeah. I want to take you to the dance, Sylvi.” He focused on her lips for a long second, then looked to her eyes. “I know you can’t really date until you’re fourteen, but we could at least go to the dance, right?”
Fourteen? How did he know that? Where had he gotten that information? “Date?” She felt her cheeks pinken, her breath stop. “Really?”
He chuckled, nodding. “Yeah. Oh.” He pulled his hands from his pocket and held one out to her. “I got you this. Figure’d I’d give it to you now. Supposed to be for your birthday, but that’s a few weeks away, and I’ll probably get grounded by then.” 
On the palm of his hand lay a small red and gold cell phone charm. It was a heart-shaped strawberry dangle.
He held it closer and she slowly took it. 
“For my phone?” she said, holding up the bright charm that glinted, winking at her in the afternoon sun.
“Yeah. I was gonna get you a holder for your phone, but I wasn’t sure what brand you had and I didn’t want to get the wrong one.” He stepped closer. “So kind of early ‘Happy Birthday’, I guess.”
She smiled at his grin, feeling her warm cheeks flame pinker. “Thanks, Lane.” She nodded, catching a whiff of something musky about him. “Thanks.”
He shrugged, grinning. “I thought you liked strawberries, you know, ‘cuz you always smell like them. Some perfume or something, I guess.” His eyes went to her hair. “Or shampoo.”
And then it nearly knocked Sylvia off her feet. No, her shampoo was banana. She looked him nearly level in the eyes. “You think I smell like strawberries, Lane?”
He nodded. “Don’t you?”
The warm feeling in her cheeks blossomed all through her. Maybe it was the way Lane was looking at her, or the promise of a date for the dance with someone she wanted to go with, or maybe it was Lane’s uncanny sense into her.
Like Terry had said.
She smiled, looking down as Lane’s hand cupped beneath her fingers on the charm.
“So you’ll go with me?”
Something about that slight contact made her nod. “Yes.” The strawberry caught the sun, shining red enamel. “But you’re still coming to my birthday, right?”
He nodded. “Long as I’m not grounded.” He grinned, a devious light coming to his eyes. “We’ve got a game against Brookside Western the week before, so it might get rough.”
“Don’t get grounded,” she said.
He nodded, turning, letting her fingers brush from his hand. “I’ll try not to. I gotta go. I’m kinda grounded right now, but it’s up this weekend.”
She shot a glance at the driveway. “Don’t get caught, Lane.”
“I won’t.” 
He climbed on his bike – no helmet, she noticed – and shoved off down the driveway.
She waved, the charm gripped in her hand. “Bye!”
He grinned and waved back. “Bye, Strawberry!”
Sylvia watched him until he was out of sight down the sidewalk.
Strawberry?
She was Strawberry to someone?
She looked at the charm again and smiled wider.
The year was taking a turn for the best.

~~~~

~~ YEAR OF THE VAMPIRE by Sakurapu is out!

