
Peggy the Lifeguard
By: Mike Moss




















Chapter 1
Baywatch always pissed me off.  Especially woman lifeguards with slender bodies tightly fitted in their red swimming suits. I would hate if I ever were in the hands of a petite big-boobed blond girl. I wanted someone who knew their lifeguard skills to save me if I were in trouble; not someone who looked good to the camera and could possibly falter. Don’t get me wrong, I envied all the ladies with perfect physique and beautiful long hair. I just didn’t care to be them. 
It entertained me to see a beautiful girl get stuck in the ocean and flap her arms in the air as she struggled. I regrettably laughed at her misfortune but eventually saved her. My run into the ocean didn’t look as graceful and strident, but once I dove into the water, I swam like a fish. That was one thing I could do, was swim. I was the fastest swimmer in my school and almost the fastest in state. Freestyle, butterfly, or backstroke were all my best strokes; though I never cared for breaststroke, and only used it if I were tired, which rarely happened.  In high school, I had a large frame for a woman but a decent body. It was meant for swimming and could beat anybody who challenged me.
I never thought I would be lifeguarding for this long. It seemed like a simple job at first, but then it became a profession as I grew up. I had a dream, which was to become a veterinarian, but five years later, I hadn’t taken one class and was still a lifeguard. I had gained an enormous amount of weight; well, only one hundred extra pounds. And having a five foot eight inch body meant that I had given up on my appeal. Recently, I have been close to failing my physical test to keep my lifeguarding job but I wasn’t too worried about it. As for my dream to become a veterinarian, I felt there was still a chance for me to get into school at the solid age of twenty six. The community college was nearby, which was a start. But why was it so hard to achieve my dream job? For some reason, I continued to stick with what I knew best, and I was used to lifeguarding.
I scanned through the ocean’s waves crashing down. The highest point of the wave, the crest, toppled over the rushing water that headed for the surface. The trough was the lowest part, or valley between the waves. It sometimes helped me see the bottom of the ocean, or if anybody was floating face down. The green waves were more prevalent than the weaker brown waves. Pointing these things out made for an entertaining day. Whenever I was on duty, anyone in distress was going to be saved. They were in good hands.
A few kids were playing with their poorly built sand castles and showing each other handfuls of wet sand. They were not a concern to me unless if they were in the water. My eyes returned to the crashing waves to see another tanned man jump into the water next to a surfer paddling out to catch a wave. 
It was Monday at noon which meant it wasn’t the most crowded time of the day. I usually was able to eat my burger and French fires in peace without having to deal with complaining civilians. The majority of the time, I didn’t save anyone. I always dealt with arguments, alcohol related incidents, or minor cuts and bruises, but rarely did I jump into the ocean and save someone.
I crammed as much fries into my mouth as possible and then topped it off with some liquid candy. I had ordered a diet drink which didn’t seem to help my weight at all. The taste wasn’t as good but it somehow made me think I was saving calories. Making my meal a priority, I let out a belch and did another partial scan over the ocean side. The sunny breeze was welcoming but I preferred the air conditioned lifeguard box. 
The smell of burgers and French fries began to consume the room. I lifted up the window to let the breeze come in and dissipate the disgusting smell I had created. I finished my food and sucked my drink down only to leave the ice shuffling at the bottom of the cup. 
I shut the window and stepped outside my lifeguard box with the feeling of satisfaction. My stomach extended out more than usual, making it seem like I was too big for my swim suit. I was going to have to buy a larger suit than the one I was wearing since the stitches on the outside of the suit were corroding. It was no longer its original color and had blended to a light, stretched out dress.  Once the swim suits got to that point, people were able to see through it, exposing everything underneath. Soon enough, more money was going to be wasted for another uniform.
I double checked my backside to make sure my wedgie was not known to the public… Coast was clear.
I stepped down the stairs from my lifeguard tower and showed off my status as queen of the ocean. The warm sand met my feet, pushing up between my toes. The warmth was invigorating, but the sun was beaming down on my shoulders. It was nice to be in my air conditioned tower, but the change of temperature was also welcoming. I enjoyed patrolling in the wet sand more; mainly because it was less work than the dry and deep sand that made me struggle when I walked. 
I was fortunate enough to be close by the volleyball section where all the nice bodied athletes played. I placed my sunglasses over my eyes to stare at the chiseled twelve packs and tight shorts hugged around their waists. I really should have been watching the water but I was a slave to the frat boys. They were absolute douchebags, but only the douchebags were stupid enough to be in the gym every day for my viewing pleasure. 
This was called a distraction in the lifeguarding handbook. 
I stopped in front of the volleyball courts, pretending I was somebody important, and my duty was to protect their lives. It was nice to have a position of power and be the primary point of contact if problems were to arise on the beach. Sadly, I was never called over to the volleyball courts with the hot guys, and since mingling was not allowed, I always tried to sneak in flirty conversations with them. Most ignored me as they remained focused on their game.  
After observing the volleyball players, my second desire was to jump into the ocean and save a distressed swimmer or floating body; it had almost been a year since I had the opportunity to save someone. Saving someone’s life was absolutely rewarding, especially once I brought them ashore. They would openly share with me their deepest feelings and be forever in my debt, most giving me gifts. It was funny how I actually had to swim out and save someone to gain recognition. I never received a ‘thank you’ for warning a weak swimmer to not swim too far out into the ocean. They didn’t know their troubled fate was getting stuck in a current or being stranded in deep water. After awhile, I gave up on enforcing the rules and waited for them to get in trouble so I could save them. My method was far more enticing.
“Hey lifeguard,” a little boy’s voice yelled behind me,”Can you throw that over here?”
I turned around to see a small kid in red shorts waving at me. He pleasantly stood with his stomach bulging out, waiting for me to help him out. His erratic look confused me as to what he wanted. Below me was a Frisbee with superheroes sketched in a circle with sand sprinkled over the top. I held my lifeguard tube to my side and bent down to pick it up. Admiring it, I grasped it in my hand and then threw it in his direction.
The Frisbee soared in the air for a second, curved to the right, and then smashed into the sand, luckily not hitting anybody.
The little boy ran after it laughing. 
I turned back towards the volleyball game. I enjoyed watching the hot guys serve the ball and stretch their ripped bodies. Not one of them had an ounce of fat on them. They motivated me to exercise and improve my overweight body. I dismissed the idea of exercising and thought of something I was better at than the average fit woman, but I couldn’t think of anything. Somehow I felt comfortable the way I was. Maybe it was denial.
The blonde with the spiked hair had the best body; then the buzzed-cut black-haired hottie came in second place. Both looked dumb and willing to take me to bed. 
The blonde spiked the ball into the net. Everyone stood around waiting for the volley ball get back to blonde. He stood there with his hands on his hips; his love handles perfectly curved down his sides.
I lifted my hand in his direction, hoping it would spark a conversation. 
An older bald man walking his dog in the front of them waved back at me. Nobody else noticed.
I turned away to admire the ocean but only saw a little kid throwing his Frisbee to himself.  I didn’t see a parent or anyone around observing him. He must have been caught up in his own world and forgot to stay in sight with his parents; or they were neglecting him. I felt responsible but did not want to drag the kid with me around the beach to find his parents.
I walked in the direction of the kid who was throwing the Frisbee up and trying to catch it.  “Hey kid,” I said annoyed.
He stared at me wide eyed without saying anything.
“Where are your parents?”
He looked around. His chubby checks moved with his head, and after scanning the beach, he shrugged his shoulders and looked back at his Frisbee.
“You’re killing me kid,” I said with a sigh. I thought about why I was mad with him but didn’t know. It made me question my morality for human beings.
“Look,” I said, “Come with me. I’m going to take you to—”
“Lifeguard!” yelled a woman holding her sandals with one hand and a bag in the other, “He’s mine!” She put her bag behind her back and rushed towards her son.
“Keep an eye on your kid maim. Kidnappings happen every day,” I advised.
“Come here Tony!” yelled the mom. She ignored my advice and grabbed little Tony by the arm. As he was being pulled away, he curiously looked up at me like I had told on him.
“You’re welcome bitch,” I said under my breath. 
I should have stayed in my lifeguard station where I could rest in the shade and not have to feel responsible for anybody. The hot guys ignored me and the mom shunned my willingness to help out her son. They would have both been praising me if I had saved them in the ocean. I flipped the tube into my other hand and continued on my way. The waves droned out the noise of people, and for an instant, it reminded me of being on a quiet beach by myself. But after being alone and secluded for awhile, I knew I would appreciate sharing things with everyone else better; the beach just wouldn’t be the same. 
Some tanners were lying on their towels, occasionally changing sides and setting themselves up to get skin cancer. It made me want to put on sun screen since I always forgot, but it never seemed important until my skin turned red and was damaged.
“Peggy!” I heard Ted yell behind me. It sounded like he had something important to say
His girly jog was embarrassing for me to watch. He was such a little pipsqueak with long dirty blonde hair and wore long board shorts that tied tightly around his skinny waist. He had to be only five foot five, shorter than me. His hairy chest was thicker than any muscle on his body, and he squinted a lot through his glasses when he looked at me. 
“What is it,” I said flustered that he had approached me while I was working. My eyes were on one of the men on the volleyball court, instead of Ted. Ted was a good friend, and I had known him since high school, but I knew he had always liked me. I’m sure if I made a move on him, he would take me right away and claim me as his girlfriend.
“A bunch of us are going to the bar for happy hour later today,” said Ted, “You coming?”
“Yeah, sure,” I said, “Who’s all going?”
“Me and a few others,” replied Ted, “We met a couple of surfers out on the ocean who might come too. They seem pretty cool.”
“Cool. I’m heading this way,” I said impatiently, wanting to go back into my lifeguard station, “So I should probably go.”
“Oh sweet,” said Ted, “I’m heading that way too. Hold on a sec and I’ll get my board and walk with you.”
Ted quickly sprinted towards his board that was spiked into the sand. He was relentless at bugging me whenever he wasn’t surfing. Ted didn’t portray the look of an athletic person but he could surf as well as any professional. He wasn’t as elegant as most surfers but that little twerp had balls.
I started walking as Ted caught up to me.
“So you get any action in the ocean or you been staying mostly up on the sand,” asked Ted.
“You know I hardly get to swim out there unless some idiot like you gets in trouble,” I replied.
“Haha, I can always have that arranged.”
“That’s ok, I just ate and I don’t think I would be able to get anywhere fast,” I said, “Why aren’t you out there?”
“Same thing as you,” replied Ted, “I just ate.”
“Don’t throw up in front of me.” I said.
“I should be good,” Ted was scanning the ocean for his friends. “We need to coordinate this next time and eat together. I bet we probably ate at the same place and didn’t even know we were there.”
“Maybe,” I replied.
“I went to that new sub shop not too far down. You been?” asked Ted.
“Don’t think so. Anything with vegetables isn’t for me.”
Ted laughed, “You’re funny.”
“Oh you know me… Always crackin jokes,” I said. I began to walk faster.
“I’m going to head out,” interrupted Ted, understanding that I was on duty, “I’ll give you a call later.”
“Cool,” I replied.
I watched Ted run precariously into the ocean. His hesitant jumps over the waves breaking in front of him made him look like a novice. It seemed he had to be completely off the ground to show his true form. He finally was deep enough to start paddling on his surf board.
I continued on my way thinking about the friends that Ted had met. It would be good to meet some new people for a change, especially if these friends were good looking. I didn’t remember why I had left my air conditioned station. I turned the other direction to head back inside where I wouldn’t be sweating with every step. 
Boats were calmly sailing into the horizon, mocking me that I was stuck at work. Sometimes I stared in the clouds and tried to make shapes out of them, though it was more entertaining than staring at the boats. Everything looked peaceful and serene from so far away.
Below the horizon and under the waves I noticed a little girl struggling to find her feet at the bottom. I stopped and gave it some time to analyze if she was truly having difficulty. Her stupid little friend next to her was laughing instead of helping her get back up onto her feet. 
This was my chance to win the money from the collaborative lifeguard pot. Every morning we all wagered one to five dollars for the lifeguard that was going to get the first save. Anyone who jumped in and saved someone won the pot of money. It was early and an easy chance for me to make some quick cash. I would be able to buy Ted’s friends some drinks if I went to the bar tonight, and I also didn’t get paid until the end of the week.
I activated my emergency action plan and ran in the direction of the struggling girl. She wasn’t too far out, but I was planning a graceful dive with haste into the water to make it look legit. After calling it in from my radio, I sprinted over a few beach towels, almost stepping on an old man in a speedo who was tanning. I felt like I would have broken his frail back if I had stepped on him. I knew everyone’s attention was on me now as I heroically threw my radio aside and then ran into the shallow water.
I began to huff and puff profusely. It was easy to swim, but running was not something I was an expert at. While running, I quickly assembled my suit to make sure nothing was popping out. I could feel my worn out suit crawl up into my backside. I threw out my lifeguard tube out and jumped into a dive and already started kicking my feet before I hit the water. My body arched horizontally over the ocean as I belly-flopped onto shallow water. I jumped too early, feeling instant pain on the front side of my body. 
I ignored how I just looked like a whale that flopped onto the water and started moving my arms and continued to kick my feet. My pace quickened as I approached the struggling girl who was now laughing with her other friend. I realized I didn’t need to dive into the water because it was still shallow.
“Oh no you didn’t!” I yelled at her.
The little girl was faking it the whole time, but I still wanted my money from the lifeguard pot.
“What are you doing Miss Lifeguard?” said the little girl giggling. Her freckles were thick over her nose and spread out to her cheeks.
“You’re coming back with me,” I commanded. I quickly grabbed her and made sure my tube was positioned in between the both of us. My arms swooped under her armpits as I secured her in my arms and started swimming back to shore.
“What are you doing,” she screamed, “I am fine!”
“You weren’t earlier, and this is the result of it,” I said back. 
The little girl began crying and tried to release herself from my grip but my strength was no match for hers. Her friend cautiously followed behind us as I towed her crying friend to shore.
“Stop it!” shouted the girl, “You can’t do this!”
She was older than I had thought but it didn’t matter because I was going to rescue her and get the winnings from the lifeguard pot. It was time for me to get into character of a strict lifeguard guarding her water. “Young lady, just stay calm and you will be ok,” I said.
“What are you talking about?” she screamed back. She finally stopped struggling and let me drag her onto shore.
I was met by Brent and Lisa who were holding onto a backboard, next to their lifeguard cruiser.
“Bring it over!” I yelled at them.
“I am fine!” screamed the girl.
“Just stay calm and let us do our jobs. You may have a spinal injury,” I said loud enough for Brent and Lisa to hear.
“Let’s put her on,” said Brent.
I securely laid the confused little girl down on the board, holding her head down with my hands. Unprepared for what was going to happen next, the girl cooperated with some resistance as we strapped her onto the backboard. Her eyes were full of tears and her lips were pressed together.
“She was distressed and about to turn into an active drowning. She may have possible spinal damage,” I said aloud to Brent and Lisa.
Brent and Lisa began talking with the confused little girl trying to calm her down as they finished with the neck strap securing it tightly around her head. She was unable to move any part of her body. The little girl was petrified and started to breath heavily. Her eyes were looking back and forth with horror. 
Now I felt bad for her. I may have made a mistake and scarred her for life, but I couldn’t go back now. I didn’t see her parents anywhere, which was good that they didn’t see my fake heroism just for some extra cash.
I watched her friend with her hands over her face eagerly observing from the side. She wanted to stop it all but knew she couldn’t. I gently pushed her to the side and away from her friend.
“One two and three!” Brent and Lisa counted. They grabbed each side and lifted the backboard up. I quickly grabbed the bottom for further support as we put the crying girl into the back of our cruiser.
Lisa continued talking with the crying girl.
“Thanks Peggy,” said Lisa, “We’ll keep you posted.”
Brent and Lisa both closed the doors and jumped into their car following the path back up to the main station. I forgot it wasn’t that far down. Maybe a mile.
I heard my radio in the sand, knowing that I needed to report my status.
I walked over to the girl’s friend whose face was still shocked. “You ok?”
She shook her head yes, looking down into the ground. I liked the look of her long curly hair. She must look pretty when it was done up. 
“Where are her parents?” I asked, “Go find them and I will follow you.”
I walked over to my radio to report.
“This is 1027. Victim is conscious and secure. 1027 is locating the parents,” I said into the radio. I put my hand on the girls back and directed her through the sand of onlookers. “Where are they?”
She looked at me concerned and then pointed ahead of us.
“1027 go to channel five,” said a voice.
I turned to channel five on my radio, “1027,” I reported.
“Congratulations Patty,” said a voice, “You were lucky to get it the time you did. Two minutes later Ralph had one.”
“I beat em!” I cheered.
The little girl looked up at me confused, but with disapproval that I had interrupted her and her friend. It made my smile change into a serious, determined look.
She ran towards a couple laying down in their lounge chairs that were oblivious to what had just happened. I watched the little girl use her hands as she explained to them what had happened.
I switched back my radio to the main channel, “1027, thanks for the money guys.” I knew I wasn’t supposed to say non-business things on the main radio but I didn’t care. Even though I won, I cheated, but at least I had some money.  I was glad I had chipped in my portion of money in the morning. It was the first time I had won and last time I would cheat. I felt an enormous amount of pressure on me as I approached the parents.
 “Where’s Holly?!” screamed the mom.
“She is ok,” I comforted her, “She had an accident in the water but everything is fine.”
“Thank god,” she said getting up quickly, “where is she?”
“Down the ways a bit,” I said, “follow me.”
This was part of the job I liked because I was the hero; or until the mom asked her daughter what had really happened. It didn’t matter because she was reliant on my expertise for now.
I began thinking of what I was going to drink tonight.
Chapter 2
I stood in front of the bar with a bunch of dollar bills in my purse. I was going to have to explain why I had all those ones. Everyone was going to think I was a stripper, but I also didn’t want to bring up the fact that I made a little girl cry to make some money. After the incident with the girl, work went by much faster. The lifeguard pot of money was forty-one dollars, enough for a good night out. The lesson to be learned was to not look like you were drowning in front of a lifeguard or else you were at risk to being saved. I knew I went a little overboard by spontaneously turning her splash party into an emergency, but two minutes later and I would have lost my chance to win the money. I was over it and ready to move on. After I got off work, I quickly showered, put on a cute dress, and then found some heels that hurt like hell. It looked casual but classy. I began to question whether or not I should have worn heels, but it was too late now; they went well with my skirt.
I opened the bar door to hear dance music in the background. I hated when they blared loud music in bars and I wasn’t able to talk with anyone or hear myself think. But then again, I wasn’t against the idea of dancing. On the other side of the bar was a small dance floor with a disco ball over it. It was too early for anyone to be dancing but I was sure that once people started drinking, they would soon start grinding up on each other. The bar was quite long with every seat full and extended out into a back patio. I tried to find Ted but everyone seemed to be a young male with a long surfer haircut like him.
I finally found Ted talking with a group of people. The guys with him were of good stature and handsome from my view. With excitement in my veins, I readjusted my skirt and headed over.
Ted noticed me out of the crowd. His face changed to a smile as he waved me over. “Peggy! So fashionably late like usual!”
“I’m on time,” I reasoned, “Who are your friends?” There were at least five guys around Ted that were involved in our conversation. The bar looked like a total sausage fest. I was in good shape.
“This is Johnny and Miguel. They are the guys I was telling you about. They are awesome in the water,” said Ted.
Johnny nodded his head and Miguel reached over to shake my hand. Miguel’s hand encompassed mine, giving me a firm shake. He released with his fingers and slid them on my palm almost not wanting to let go. I felt flattered the way he was staring at me. I liked Johnny more but he didn’t seem interested in me. 
Ted interrupted our moment together. “I don’t know everybody else. I just met them today. They are friends of Johnny and Miguel. Pretty nice people.”
“That’s cool,” I replied. I gave Johnny another look but he was involved with his friends. His polo shirt was tight on him and his rugged jeans fit him perfectly. His hair was combed to the side like Miguel, except Miguel didn’t have an athletic body. 
“Do you want a drink?” asked Miguel.
I shook my head yes, “I’ll take a margarita if they got one.”
“I’m sure they do,” said Miguel pleased.
Ted looked concerned, “Going with a margarita? That’s a bold start Peggy.”
“I figured you guys have been here awhile, so I gotta step it up since I was so fashionably late.” I nudged Ted on his side trying to get a rise out of him.
“Their margaritas pack a punch so be careful,” Ted warned.
“I know what I’m doing,” I replied. 
I watched Miguel speak into the ear of the bartender. The bartender shook his head and began making my drink.
Miguel came back over to join our conversation. “So you were lifeguarding us today I heard. Anything thrilling?”
I really wished Johnny would have been the interested in me rather than Miguel, but I nicely replied to his question. “Not much. A few false alarms but that’s about it.”
“That’s a bummer,” he replied, “I’m sure you did an excellent job at keeping everyone safe.” Miguel reached over for the Margarita and handed it to me. The margarita was bigger than I had expected, and it was surely going to give me a good buzz.
Ted raised his beer for a cheers, “To sand and sea, for we will never agree where to be.” His charismatic rhyme silenced conversation and forced us to raise our glasses. I wondered if Ted was waiting to say that toast; like he had practiced it in front of the mirror. He loved to write little poems and phrases all the time. When he wasn’t in the ocean, he always carried a small notepad with him. 
“I can agree with that,” said Miguel holding his giant beer he got on tap.
We knocked our drinks together.
The margarita hit my lips and smoothly filled my warm, dehydrated body. I could taste the alcohol surging through the flavor and ice. It was well made with a perfect blend. I sucked in more margarita through my straw and savored the taste as it passed though my mouth.
Johnny turned around with excitement and waited for everyone’s attention. He definitely had my full attention as I stared at him in his tight shirt that lifted whenever he raised his arms. I could see his tan skin around his waistline. I began to undress him with my eyes.
“Shots anyone?” asked Johnny loudly.
I shook my head, ready for more alcohol. Miguel gave me a high five and demanded an extra one from Johnny. I looked at Ted who shook his head no. He was disappointed that I was quickly drinking my margarita, but he needed to get over it.
“C’mon Ted, “I said cheerfully, “How ‘bout a shot.”
“I’m good,” Ted smiled, “I got to wake up early and I don’t want to be hungover in the sun. I just feel like shit and I don’t like that.”
“I’ll drink yours then,” I replied, and then turned to Johnny, “Hey Ted wants one too!”
Johnny quickly lifted up another finger for another shot that was for Ted, but really for me. The bartender took a round of shot glasses and poured tequila in them. I watched it spill onto the bar as the bartender pushed the shots towards Johnny, who passed the shots down to us one by one. I gave Ted his shot to hold for me and held my shot in front of my face. I enjoyed when men gave me free drinks and felt obligated to take advantage of that as best as possible.
We all raised our shot glasses high in the air and downed them. Ted held his shot in his hand and watched me participate. I quickly took the tequila shot that Ted held and downed it like I had with the first one.
I slammed it down onto the bar. “Whew, that was intense!”
“You’re crazy,” Ted said chuckling, “just be careful.”
Miguel was watching me and smiling, “Going for drunk tonight?”
“Wouldn’t you like that,” I said back with sassiness. I could already tell the alcohol was taking effect.
I saw Ted roll his eyes.
I glanced back at Johnny. He was entertaining his other group of friends with his back turned.
“So you work tomorrow?” asked Miguel.
“Yes I do,” I replied back. I watched Johnny raise his arms as he told his story.
“You should hang out with us tonight. We are all going back to Johnny’s place,” said Miguel, “It’ll be fun.”
“Yeah that sounds good,” I replied, “I need another drink though…” My margarita glass was still half full but I continued to work on it.
“I’ll get you one,” said Miguel quickly. I watched him scamper to the bar and dig out money from his wallet. He put it down for the bartender to see and glanced back at me with a flirtatious grin.
“I know your antics,” Ted said, stepping in front of me, “and I’m onto you.”
“Shut up,” I said playfully, “What wrong with getting some free drinks.”
“Well… You’re going to get hammered and do something stupid?” suggested Ted.
“Maybe, but you only live once!”
“You always say that when you are drunk,” said Ted.
“Whatever,” I waved my hand at him. “What do you have planned for tomorrow?”
“I’m taking my little cousin out on the ocean. You remember Shea, right?”
“Oh yeah! How old is she?”
“Thirteen years old and ready to learn how to surf,” said Ted, “It will be a fun time. I’ll try stop by your side of the beach for you to see her. She is so big—”
“Here’s another margarita for you Peggy,” Miguel interrupted. He got one for himself as well.
I set down my previous margarita drink. “Thanks.” I went to grab the straw with my lips but poked myself with the straw.
“You are drunk,” Ted chuckled as his face changed to a sober look.
“Shut up,” I yelled back, “I’m fine.”
“It’s ok,” said Miguel, “It’s perfectly cool. I’ll look after her.” Miguel tried to put his hand over my shoulder.
I slapped his hand. “You think you can just slip your hand over me?”
“Yes,” Miguel replied.
“Oh god,” Ted said, “You are so drunk.”
“Am not!”
“The fact that you are disputing this signifies that you are drunk,” Ted replied.
“Shut up,” I said back at Ted.
“I can drink to that.” Miguel raised his glass at me.
I lifted mine and we shared a drink together.
“You are ridiculous Peggy,” Ted said.
“You are, “I replied mocking him. Miguel laughed at my joke with me.
Ted looked insulted from my comment. His eyes looked to his side as his teeth started grinding.
“I’m sorry Ted,” I said and felt bad that I was treating him badly for no reason.
“It’s ok,” replied Ted, “You’re funny when you’re drunk.”
“I know what would cheer you up,” I proposed, “is another shot!” I waited for his response but it seemed like he was not in the mood for anything.
“I think I might head out,” said Ted.
“But you just got here.”
“No,” Ted replied, “You just got here. I’ve been here for a couple hours.”
“C’mon Ted,” I insisted, “Stay.”
“Look at you,” said Ted, “You are already gone as it is.”
“That’s nonsense Ted. We are perfectly fine.”
Miguel added, “And it’s just getting started man.”
“Listen to Miguel,” I added.
“I think I’m gonna head home,” Ted replied. I watched him try to get the attention of the bartender.
“What time do you need to wake up again?” I asked Ted. My schedule was a lot later to wake up than most people so I had no excuse. But I knew Ted was an early bird.
“Six in the morning and way earlier than any of you guys,” replied Ted.
“That does suck,” I sympathized in my drunken state, “Make sure you swing by tomorrow. I don’t have much entertainment out there sometimes.”
“I’ll be by,” replied Ted.
Miguel wasn’t listening to what Ted was saying and sized me up with his eyes. “I bet you are a pretty cool lifeguard,” Miguel said with a slur to his speech.
“I guess I’m ok,” I said flattered.
“She’s the best and don’t forget that,” added Ted. He signed his tab and gave it to the bartender. He looked suspicious of everyone walking around him and was always conscience of his surroundings, ready to react to almost anything. Ted opened up his arms and gave me a solid hug. 
“Be careful Peggy,” he said into my ear.
“Always,” I replied. 
“Remember that you are on a different level than these guys.” 
“Oh totally,” I replied, “You know I can look out for myself. Like always, I’ll be fine.”
“I hope so,” replied Ted. Ted shook Miguel’s hand and made his way over to Johnny.  He waved to the group of friends around Johnny. 
“See ya,” I waved at Ted.
“Be careful,” Ted reinforced.
“Yeah yeah.”
I watched Ted squeeze through the crowd and exit out the door. His head moved with his stride ready to counter any drunk who bumped into him.
“Ted is a good guy,” said Miguel.
“Yeah I guess,” I replied, “He’s like a brother to me.”
Miguel looked into my eyes hard, “So you ready to have a good time?”
“It depends.”
“Depends on what?”
“Never mind,” I replied and realized I was drunk. I wanted to put sober thoughts into my words but knew it was too late for that. 
“What were you going to say?” asked Miguel playfully.
“I don’t know anymore,” I laughed. I looked over to see Johnny taking a shot with his buddies. “Let’s say we join your friends?”
“Ok,” said Miguel, disappointed that we wouldn’t be alone anymore. 
As we bumped our way into the group, Miguel gave Johnny a high five. I noticed I was the only girl and there were six guys drinking in the group. I felt like the tokened girl able to take home any guy I wanted. But I knew that Johnny obviously wasn’t interested in me.
“Hi Johnny,” I looked into his blue eyes.
“What’s up girl.” He gave me a high five and then took a shot with his friend, ignoring my attempt to spark up conversation.
“Ugh,” I grunted with frustration.
Miguel saw I was frustrated. “Another drink?”
“Fine,” I replied.
I watched Miguel quickly retreat to the bar as I stood to the side of the group not being acknowledged. It seemed like most of the guys were ignoring me, especially Johnny. He looked like a real stallion.
“Here you go,” Miguel handed me another margarita and took my old drink. I started sipping it through my straw with force. I felt it sink down my throat and fall into my half full stomach. I immediately felt a cold headache and grabbed my head feeling the piercing pain of coldness rush through my brain. My face compressed together until the feeling went away as I tried to suppress it into the back of my head.
“You ok?” asked Miguel. I felt his hand wrap around my side and then grip the side of my stomach. He was holding onto my side fat that pumped through my skirt. His hand continued along my stomach and started rubbing my whole front side.
“What are you doing?” I brushed him off but accidentally dropped my margarita glass onto the floor. We both jumped back, feeling splashes of margarita on our feet as the glass shattered into pieces. I looked up to see everyone laughing at me.
“Shit!” I yelled, “My head was cold and Miguel was trying to hit on me!”
“It’s ok,” laughed Miguel. His arm hugged my shoulder as he held me tightly. I did have to admit it felt kind of nice to be held, but he wasn’t who I wanted. 
Johnny started texting on his phone. I wanted to know who it was and why he was ignoring me.
“How was your drink when you had it?” asked Miguel.
“It was amazing,” I replied, “I might need another one.”
“Damn, you are crazy! Whatever you say,” said Miguel.
I watched him head over to the bar and order two more margaritas. Miguel started sucking down his drink and tried to finish it before the bartender was finished. He was obviously not as good of a drinker as I was, but I felt privileged he was buying me so many drinks. He set down his half drunken margarita and grabbed the two new ones.
I felt like I should have already finished my drink by now if I hadn’t spilled it on the ground. A worker from the bar began sweeping up the mess and looked at me with discontent. He knew it was me who dropped the margarita, but I ignored him and convinced myself that it was his job to deal with drunken idiots like me. I felt dizziness through my head and knew I had to start taking it slow.
“Cheers,” said Miguel handing me my drink.
I held back this time feeling drunk and tilted the glass away from my face. I decided it was useless to try to get Johnny’s attention. He must have a girlfriend, or he was gay. 
I caught Miguel taking a small sip out of his margarita. “Drink like a man!” I yelled at him with a low voice.
“Whatever you say,” Miguel laughed and emptied half his drink, “Better?”
“Thank you,” I replied, “You know… You look remind me of those trapeze circus people. You just need some jell in your hair to slick it back.” I brushed my hands through his hair.
“I’ll take that as a compliment,” Miguel laughed.
I could pick up a small accent in his voice, which helped his charm. “Hell yeah it is, and you should be thankful that I was thoughtful enough to think of you.”
Johnny tuned around, “What did I stumble upon?” He was grinning and must have seen me stroking Miguel’s hair. 
“Let me see your hair,” I said and brushed through it, “I like it.” My hand messed up Johnny’s hair as he began to put it all back into place, but it didn’t look the same.
“She’s already drunk Miguel,” Johnny said disappointed.
“No,” I replied back quickly, “I’m fine!”
“Yeah sure,” he said sarcastically. Miguel laughed with him.
“I’ll be back,” Johnny said, “I’m meeting Ashley here.”
“It’s good she finally made it,” said Miguel. He started holding onto me again.
“Yippie,” I said, “This sucks.” Johnny was off limits and I was stuck with Miguel.
“What was that?” asked Miguel.
“Nothing,” I replied and watched Johnny walk out the door.
“Bottoms up,” I held my drink out to Miguel.
Throughout the night I kept watching the door for Johnny walk back in. I wanted to see this bitch he was with. I didn’t ask, but I anxiously waited for someone to mention that we were all going back to Johnny’s house. Miguel and I joined the group of guys, some of them mediocre but no better than Miguel. Feeling drunk, I sipped on my margarita, no longer encouraging large gulps of alcohol in the social setting. I still wanted Miguel to buy me another drink just because he probably would. He was trying his best possible to get into my pants.
Finally, Johnny walked in with a short blonde girl with streaks through her hair. She was wearing a tight blue dress and her skirt was hiked up her ass. She was such a hoochie. I wanted to push her out of the way and steal Johnny away.
“Hey guys!” Johnny said, “Sorry we took so long.”
Ashley acknowledged everyone in the group, but didn’t say hi to me.
I gave her a fake smile. I grabbed Miguel and talked into his ear, “How long have they been going out?”
“Oh I don’t know. I guess awhile,” he said.
“Awhile? That could be a couple years or a couple months.”
“More like years then.”
“Shit,” I whispered.
Miguel put his arm around me like he owned me for the night. I hated being contained in a bar with one guy; I wanted to have the freedom to venture off if I wanted. Feeling defeated, and knowing Miguel was my only option, I didn’t knock off his arm. Instead, I stared at Ashley with hatred. I realized I had nobody to vent to. Ted had left and he was the only one I knew who would listen. 
Miguel started caressing my shoulder and was looking at me through the side of his eye to see if he was getting a response out of me.
“Are you trying to fuck me?” I asked Miguel. I’m sure a few overheard my audacious question.
“I will show you things you can’t even imagine,” Miguel responded with confidence.
“Oh god,” I said swaying with him, “You are so full of shit.” I knew we were both drunk but I liked being chased to the extreme until I gave in. 
Miguel continued to stare at me.
“What?” I asked.
“Let’s go back to my place,” Miguel suggested.
I looked over at Johnny and his bitch girlfriend. They were so fake and I knew I had no chance with him. I gave Johnny one last look and then started making out with Miguel. I immediately felt his tongue dig through my mouth. He was a terrible kisser but he held me tightly as his hands slid down my hips. He grabbed me and pulled me up towards his pelvis.  He was already hard and was thrusting his body at me like we were having sex. I glanced over at Ashley to see if she was looking, but she was draped around Johnny.
Once making out was not sufficient enough, we decided to leave. Miguel tapped Johnny on the shoulder and whispered something in his ear. They then gave each other a high five. Miguel returned to me and grabbed my side with eagerness.
“Fuck you Johnny!” I yelled back, knowing that everyone heard me, and then put my arm around Miguel’s waist. Applause erupted behind us as we walked out of the bar.
I was going to fuck Miguel and think of Johnny tonight.
Chapter 3
I awoke in a shitty one room apartment with corroded walls and half ripped posters hanging off, suggesting I had made a bad decision to drink all those margaritas last night. The morning sunlight twirled in a circle, along with my head. The crumbling ceiling came into focus as I tried to lift my head, but I already knew I was severely hungover. Miguel’s naked body lay against mine. He had his arm around me and was snoring into my ear like an animal. His breath was horrible, and mixed with the rancid smell of the apartment.
I had to get the fuck out of here. 
I lifted my head and immediately felt a terrible headache in the middle of my brain. Believing the pain would go away, I dropped my head lower for every pound in my head. The pain only made me want to go back to sleep, but lying next to Miguel wasn’t an option. The thought of water pouring on me sounded delightful and almost lifesaving. 
I carefully lifted Miguel’s hand so it would no longer be on me and placed it over his chest. He continued to snore and clamped his lips together, struggling to breathe through his nose. The floor was cement, except for old patches of carpet visible in the corners. My belongings were scattered around the bed and on the floor, demonstrating how eager I was last night to be naked with Miguel. I slowly got out of his bed and picked up whatever clothes were stripped off me. I began searching under the bed and next to his old wooden dresser that had my bra hanging from the side. A large piece of cardboard that acted as a wall separated the room into two. They both connected to a small kitchen at the end and near the front door. Below the kitchen window was a stove that had used pots and pans stacked on each other.
Still naked, I walked around to the front of the room in search for the rest of my belongings. On the other side of the cardboard was another woman sleeping in her bed with a cigarette tray next to her. A burnt out cigarette rested on her chest, which had probably died after she fell asleep.
I definitely need to get the fuck out here.
I walked back to Miguel’s bed and picked up any clothes that might have been mine. It didn’t matter if some were inside out; I began putting them on quickly. I dropped my belt which crashed onto the ground.
“Fuck,” I whispered.
“Hey there beautiful,” Miguel said sitting up with his eyes closed.
“God, shut up,” I mumbled. I picked up my cell phone and purse on the table and quickly scanned the room to see if I was missing anything. I didn’t want to deal with Miguel in my hungover state.
Miguel moved the sheet that covered him to his side and stood up grabbing his head. He had an ok body but I knew he didn’t work out.
“Let me make you some breakfast,” Miguel offered. He grabbed my waist and pulled me in with his hands grasping my backside. His naked body pressed up against mine with my purse and heels in the middle of us. I could smell his terrible odor every time I inhaled.
I took a step back, wanting to throw up. “I gotta go,” I said and dug into my purse.
“Ok Peggy,” he said, “I got your number so I’ll call you. You sure you don’t need a ride?”
“I’m good,” I said. I stepped through the small kitchen and walked out the door without acknowledging anything Miguel had said. I left him in his half of a room.
Outside was a square patio with front doors on each side that led to more one roomed apartment. Each door had its own welcome mat and a different kind of plant in a pot close by. A few kids ran pass me, laughing as I opened up the small gate that led out to the streets. The gate was more of an inconvenience and wouldn’t protect from an intruder.
I started walking on the sidewalk that gradually led me uphill. The impoverished neighborhood was full of condensed apartments and parked cars on the side of the street. In the distance was a liquor store on the corner and on the other side was a small park with homeless persons pushing their shopping carts. Nothing looked familiar, and there were no bus stops or cabs that drove by.
“God dammit,” I said disappointed. There was nobody to call without being embarrassed; I couldn’t see myself giving directions to them anyways.
I walked back into Miguel’s shitty apartment. “Hey, I need a ride back to my house.”
“Sure thing,” Miguel responded happily. He frantically put the remaining of his clothes on as he searched around his scattered room. He could barely pull his jean shorts to his waist. He was still mediocre for a guy but his living situation was not helping him out. I glanced on the other side of the room of the woman still asleep next to her ashtray. Her head was tilted back and her mouth was open.
“Don’t mind my sister,” Miguel said, “We share this place.”
“Comfy,” I said sarcastically, “C’mon. I got to be at work soon.” I didn’t know what time it was but I knew I had to get out of his shack.
Miguel snagged his keys that were on the table. “Let’s go.”
We walked outside and passed the kids chasing each other. As we continued out to the street, a group of men dressed like gang members gave Miguel a nod. They started speaking Spanish and laughing at us.
“What?” I said distracted.
“Don’t mind them,” Miguel grabbed my shoulder and directed me towards his car.
“Those your friends?” I asked.
“Just neighbors,” Miguel replied.
I followed Miguel to his beat up, rusty truck. It had spots of red from its younger days but was mainly prime. There were scratches along the side and the door handle looked like it was about to fall off. Miguel unlocked my door first and walked around to his side.
“Did we drive home last night? I can’t remember which car I was in,” I said getting in.
“We drove,” replied Miguel.
“Oh,” I laughed holding onto my head, “I can’t believe we got home in one piece.”
“I’m good at drunk driving,” he said, “In fact, I prefer it. It’s a lot more fun.”
“Whatever you say,” I said, “So let’s go. I need you to take me to my place.”
“Got it,” Miguel replied.
“Don’t you want to know where I live?”
“Already know,” he said, “You told me.”
“Creepy you remembered.”
“Don’t worry, I wouldn’t do anything,” Miguel laughed.
“I’m not telling you to,” I said wearily, “Just drive.” I was full of impatience and had a terrible headache. I wanted to eat something and sit in my shower before work. I watched Miguel’s face as he turned his car into the intersection. He didn’t look that great. At the side of his face was a mole. I definitely didn’t see that last night.
I felt like I’d break the ice for the ride back, “So, did we rock it all night?” 
Miguel chuckled. “We sure did. You passed out pretty quickly afterwards.”
“But not too quickly, right?” I asked. I clearly remembered having sex but not much afterwards. I began to wonder if his sister was home the entire time.
“Well… After awhile, you stopped because you said you hit your climax and then passed out.”
“Oh that sucks for you,” I smiled, “Sorry that happened.”
“It was not problem,” Miguel said, “I eventually finished.”
“Doing what?” I said confused, hoping he didn’t mean what I thought he meant.
“I finished too,” Miguel said, “It was no problem.”
“I know. But you finished after I passed out?”
“I was almost done so I continued after you fell asleep,” Miguel said. He looked back out onto the road without emotion.
“That’s sick,” I responded, “What the fuck?”
“You were passing in and out the whole time anyways. It’s no problem. I was drunk too,” Miguel said.
“That’s disgusting,” I said angrily, “Normally I would be freaked out and want to punch you in the face, but I’m just too hungover.” I held onto my held and leaned back into the seat.
“It’s no problem,” Miguel responded.
“I know! And stop saying that!” I yelled, “Turn right up here.”
“This one?” asked Miguel.
“Yes this Juan,” I said pretending to have his Spanish accent.
Miguel was beginning to scare me. I thought about walking home but then gazed up at the sun blaring down on my fragile state. It was unwelcoming. 
“Did you wear a condom?” I asked.
“What do you think?” asked Miguel.
“I’m hoping you did, but thinking you didn’t,” I said with an upsetting tone and then slammed my hands onto the dashboard. My head began to pound more than it already was. “So you came inside of me when I was unconscious?”
“I think so.”
“You either came inside me with your dick or you didn’t.”
“I did, but calm down,” Miguel responded, “It’s no problem.”
“Fuck you,” I said, “If a little piñata come out of me you are filling it with money every month.”
“It’s seriously not a problem.”
“Stop saying that!” I replied, “God, I hope you didn’t do anything else to me when I passed out. My asshole doesn’t hurt so it could be worse.”
Miguel laughed at my joke and then looked back ahead of him, thinking of what I said. I started tapping the side door handle anxiously. I gave Miguel another glance to see if he had a guilt look on his face, but it was plain as he was.
“Do you work all day? If so that sucks,” Miguel said changing the subject and avoiding my suspicious glare. He rolled down his window to get some air.
“I do. Thanks for buying me all those margarita shots so I could feel like shit today,” I said. I felt like a bitch but wanted to be home and away from him.
“You were drinking those really quickly,” Miguel said.
“Just another night for me.”
“You also kept talking shit about Ashley. Do you know her or something?”
I remembered that bitch. “Not really,” I replied, “It must have been another girl I was thinking of.”
“Oh ok,” Miguel replied confused, “She must have been a bad friend or something.”
“Definitely.” I continued tapping the side door.
“You know, you were really funny last night.” 
“Thanks,” I replied, “It’s kind of easy to be funny when you drink the whole bar.”
“Haha,” Miguel laughed and looked over at me with a smirk. His eyes went down my body and then back on the road.
I was trying to remember if anything else happened last night that would lead me to believe that Miguel used my unconscious body for any other purpose. It made me want to get out of the car. “Stop at the corner. I’m up here.” It was difficult to have a conversation with someone who fucked me while I was passed out.
“But you are a couple more miles up,” Miguel protested like it was the wrong thing to do. The car slowed down but didn’t completely stop.
“God dammit,” I said aggravated that I was stuck in a truck with Miguel. It would be easier just to ride it out instead of wasting more time. “Just keep going.”
“It’s no prob…” Miguel stopped himself, “I’ll drop you off at your home.”
“God you’re creepy,” I said, “Just step on the gas.”
“What are you doing this weekend?” 
“Dude, I don’t know. Probably nursing my next hangover with a new guy I meet at a bar.”
“You don’t want to do anything?” 
“Not really.”
“Oh…” Miguel said and continued looking forward.
“God, just call me or something. I’m sure you have my number.”
“Write it down again for me.” Miguel reached over me and grabbed a pen and some papers from inside the glove-compartment. He set them down on my lap.
I wrote out my number and shoved all the paperwork inside the glove-compartment with the pen and my number written on it. “There, you happy?” 
“Yes I am,” replied Miguel. He stopped the car in front of my house. It wasn’t big but it was better than his piece of shit house. 
I quickly grabbed for the handle with my belongings and stepped outside, making sure I had everything.
“When can I call you?” asked Miguel.
I closed the door on him before I could respond. I shrugged my shoulders and began walking to my porch.
I heard Miguel roll down his window. “I’ll call you tomorrow!”
“Fuck off,” I yelled back. 
Miguel stared at me and waved; his other arm rested over the passenger side. I didn’t think he heard me, so with little effort I waved back at him. With my heels hanging off my fingers and purse full of belongings under my arm, I made my way to the front door. Miguel waited for me as I struggled to walk up the driveway. Hearing his truck rattle from behind me, I turned around and bitterly looked in his direction.
“Go away,” I said disgracefully. 
 After dropping the keys from my purse a few times, I inserted the key into door handle. I opened the door and closed it behind me; it triggered my head to pound even more than it already was.
Finally, the truck sped off to my relief.
I went into the kitchen and took my clothes off. I wanted to take a shower and eat at the same time, but I ended up in the kitchen. All of the food I was about to eat was going to be thrown up in the shower. I started eating anyways.
Today was going to be a terrible day.
Chapter 4
Drink plenty of water, for that you will need. When you start work, look for me out in the sea.
-Your good friend Ted
I ripped Ted’s notes from the window, crumbled it up, and threw it on the ground. His jaunty poem and needless advice was something I wasn’t in the mood for. Jealous of Ted’s good health, I looked out into the sea and pictured him happily floating on his surf board enjoying the morning sun.
I opened the door and entered my lifeguard station, unwilling to accept that I had a full day of work. I knew I reeked of puke and alcohol when I was at the morning meeting that occurred before all the lifeguards reported to their stations to start work. I couldn’t think straight the entire time and knew it was possible I could throw up at any moment.  My supervisor informed me that the parents of the girl who I supposedly saved yesterday sent in a complaint, stating that my ‘tactics were unnecessary.’ I wanted them to stay quiet, at least for today; thinking about it made my head hurt.
Once inside my station, I sat down and began looking ahead of me into the ocean, but everything was a blur. The safety of the patrons on the beach was no longer a concern for me. For all I cared, they could drown because I was in no shape to save them. Instead of concentrating on the ocean, I played out what had happened last night, but nothing came together after a certain point. I couldn’t believe I had fucked Miguel. He seemed like a creepo, but somehow I decided to end my night with him.
I let out a dissatisfied groan and listened to my radio go off, but luckily nothing was for me. I took out my phone from my bag to see three new messages. The first was from Kate. The second was from my mom, and the third was unknown. I opened up the unknown message:
Hey it’s Miguel. It was nice spending time with you. Call me when you can 
I deleted his message from my phone. Why did I give him my number?
I quickly moved to Kate’s message:
Just got back from Vegas. Call me if ur up for a night out. K?
I responded back:
Lucky bitch. At work and feel like shit. I will let you know. 
I went to my mom’s message:
Come over tonight! I have great news!
I responded back:
Just tell me
Usually her news was irrelevant, and then she always found a way to embarrass me.
She sent back: 
Just come over tonight!
She wasn’t going to tell me, and if I didn’t visit her, she would make it known every time I talked with her. It was best to stop by for awhile to avoid her accusations. Plus, she didn’t live that far away.
Okay Fine
I set the phone back into my bag and heard it go off again. I didn’t want to get too distracted from work because I knew the supervisor was coming by sometime today to update me about the little girl I had rescued yesterday. He didn’t know about the money bet, but I knew he wanted to ask me some questions regarding the incident. I was nervous but knew I could tell him I was doing my job and it would be fine. They always said it was better to go in and save someone than to let it go. There was always the possibility that someone could drown in any situation, and safety was the number one priority. I was covered by that simple principal.
I got up and started scanning the water. I didn’t want to go outside but knew I had to make my rounds. I had to stay active and focused if the day was to go by fast. A group of kids were making sand castles and a few runners were getting in their exercise for the day. There were no volleyball games going on since it was too early in the day. 
I walked down from my station and began to look observant and authoritative. I stretched my suit out making sure it professionally covered my backside. I hated this suit. I moved towards two attractive guys with perfect bodies. One was tan with a wristband and the other was slightly shorter, but had better abs. 
“You two doing ok?” I asked.
“Yes ma’am,” replied the shorter one.
“Are you looking for anyone?” I asked. I tried to spark up a conversation but it didn’t seem to work.
“Nah, just hanging out,” replied the taller one.
“Oh that’s cool,” I replied. I lifted my glasses and winked at them with a smile as I started walking.
The sun started to beat down on me and caused me to feel dizzy. My headache started pounding harder as I stopped and looked down at my feet in the sand. I couldn’t be outside anymore and felt like I was going to faint. I turned back around and headed towards my station. My body needed water. I thought of Ted’s stupid little poem and him standing over me telling me to drink water in some rhythmic scheme.
Back inside the station, I grabbed my bottle and drank as much as I could until I felt bloated. I felt all the water rush to the bottom of my stomach. It was too much.
I began gagging and felt the liquid shoot back up through my chest and out my throat. I put my hand over my lips, but water and leftover alcohol began to involuntarily spew out of my mouth. Some of it spattered onto the windows while the rest came back onto my face. I let go of my hand and continued to throw up all the liquid in my body onto the station floor. It didn’t matter where I threw up; a mess was going to be made. But at least I had made it back to the inside of the station for nobody to see.
With my last regurgitation of emptying out my insides, my radio began calling for me. I shook my hand to fling some puke to the ground and used my forearm to clear off the front of my face. I threw the radio to the side and began panicking. There was no way I was going to answer it when I was covered in throw up. 
The lifeguard station had spatters of puke everywhere. Below me was a puddle of puke; it smelled of watered down margaritas and my guts. I looked back to my radio on the side table, thinking about responding but knew I was in no condition to see anyone. Envisaging the consequence if anybody was to see this, I put my tube up along the wall and took a deep breath. “This is bullshit,” I said to myself.
I took some towels from the back and began wiping down the windows. Through the windows, I could still see the two hot guys standing outside. I was glad I didn’t throw up in front of them, or in front of the public. The more I wiped the windows, the more smeared they became.
I took the towels and laid them over the main pile of puke. I opened the first aid kit and used the bandages as towels in the small corners of the room where my vomit had somehow reached. My projection had reached every part of the station. I used the hand wipes and sanitizers to help get rid of the smell, but it was not working. I didn’t know why I thought that would work, but I was running out of options.
I took the fans from the back and turned them on. I then went to the windows and opened them up, hoping some air would push out the smell; it was going to be difficult to rid the stench. I returned back to the main pile of vomit and started bunching it all up inside the towels. 
After there were no more towels available, I used the extra lifeguard shirts from the back of the station and then folded the bundle of towels and shirts together so the main part of the puke stayed on the inside. Holding my mess in my hands, I didn’t know where to put it. I decided to hide it under the station where a supervisor or another lifeguard could not find it.
I checked out the window to see not too many people outside. The dirty towels and shirts rested firmly against my chest as I stepped outside. The aroma seeped through the towels and into my nose; it made my face look bitter as I walked down the few steps that led up to my station. I tried to look casual as if I was doing my laundry; though I was sure it looked peculiar. There wasn’t much attention on me except for the two guys standing near my station. Regretting that I had talked with them, I quickly walked behind the station.
I dug a small hole with my hands and then stuck the towels and shirts in it. I pushed everything in and concealed it with the surrounding sand. My feet helped scoop the sand to cover the putrid smell. I could feel the dry sand stick to my hands that were still moist from my puke. I hadn’t dug too deep, but a small mound covered my mess.
After I finished, the two guys I had winked at were looking at me confused. I wanted to tell them to mind their own business but remembered I was on duty and couldn’t get any more complaints. I nonchalantly walked back into my station and cleaned the remaining throw up. 
After the inside was almost back to normal, I sat down to take a break. I reached for another bottle of water. This time, I slowly took small sips so regurgitation did not happen again. I was thirsty but knew I had to drink slowly; something I was not used to. 
At the side of my suit were some stains from my puke. I walked out to the front of the station and poured my last bottle of water over my stained suit and face. I took in some of the water that helped quench my need for hydration. The sun continued to annoy me the whole time. Once I finished with the empty bottle of water, I walked back inside to the foul odor of more puke.
I searched for some type of air freshener or something that would get rid of the horrendous smell, but there was nothing that could help. The windows were pried open to the max and the fans were blasting on high. I decided to take another walk to let everything air out. If anyone were to enter, they would know I had puked inside of my station. I was going to have to tough it out in the sun.
As I walked onto the sand, the two hot guys standing to the side were looking at me. I didn’t wink this time.
“Everything ok,” asked the shorter one.
“Of course,” I replied. I would have liked to attempt another conversation but I felt smelly and disgusting. My head began to hurt and pulsated in the blistering sun. 
Ahead of me, I recognized my supervisor walking over. He was holding onto a clipboard and observantly scanning the beach.
“Shit,” I whispered to myself. I knew he wanted to discuss with me about the girl I had saved yesterday, but now was not the time. I awkwardly waited with no choice of escape as my hungover body continued to fight the sun.
“Where is your radio Peggy?” Joe said with a demanding voice. He was medium height and size but always wore bigger shirts that normal; it was the supervisors white polo shirt. His expensive sunglasses were a little big for his head as well, but the polished black shined brightly in the sun. I’m sure I weighed a lot more than him. 
I grabbed my side, too late to realize I had left my radio in the fumigated room of puke.
“I’m sorry,” I replied, “I’ll go get it. You wait here.”
Joe looked at me like I had insulted him. “Walk with me.”
I obeyed and slowed down my pace so he could catch up with me.
“You look a bit pale? You feeling ok?” he asked suspiciously.
“Yeah, just feeling a bit under the weather.” I forced myself not to grab my pounding headache.
“You know we need to know these sorts of things Peggy,” Joe said sternly, “It can greatly affect your job. We need you at your top performance.”
“Sorry,” I replied, “It didn’t feel like anything this morning, but I guess it got a little worse.”
“Well let me know if it’s affecting your ability to do your job, ok?”
“I will,” I replied.
We approached my station together, and before Joe said anything else, I stepped in front of him. “Let me go get my radio and I’ll be back down.” I immediately jumped up the few stairs and went inside to grab my radio. It still smelled of alcohol and puke. 
Not letting Joe progress anymore up the lifeguard station, I quickly walked back outside to meet him.
“Don’t ever forget your radio,” Joe instructed, “You of all people should know this. I am going to let this slide because this doesn’t frequently occur with you.” Joe pushed up his glasses and handed me the clipboard. He had short brown hair but it was thick. “Take a look at this and sign it.”
“Ok,” I said and pretended to review it without reading it.
“We got some backlash from the parents stating that their daughter was not drowning. It turned into a big ordeal, but they finally dropped it today. I had just one question. How far out was she again?”
I continued reading the document on the clipboard. “Almost past the break in the waves.” I lied. I remembered she was standing in shallow water chest deep when I had reached her. “I thought she was drowning. Maybe she wasn’t, but I knew I had to act.” I started signing the document.
“That’s what I thought but wanted to make sure,” Joe replied.
“The parents calmed down so I don’t think they are going to complain again. My advice to you is to improve your communication with parents, especially when a kid is involved. I know you’re doing everything out there but try to open up and let people know what you did and why you did it.”
I knew describing my motive to Joe or the mother was not an option. I ultimately did it to get the first rescue and win the pot of money. It was impossible to try to explain everything fully to anyone without sounding like a selfish bitch.
“Ok,” I replied to Joe’s advice.
“Another thing… I know about the bets in the morning. The only reason why I mention this is because you screamed through the main channel on the radio that you won and then you thanked everyone. What was that all about?”
I knew I shouldn’t have done that but I was too hungover and tired to argue with him. “I’m sorry I interfered with the radio. Everything with the save was legitimate and once I found out that I—”
Joe interrupted, “Don’t let it happen again.”
“I won’t,” I replied.
“Get back to work. You need to be watching the water,” Joe stated.
I realized I was on duty. “Yes sir.” I didn’t care how demanding he was as long as he just went away. The anxiety of him entering my station made me want to throw up again, but there was nothing left in my body that could come out.
“And never leave your radio,” reiterated Joe.
I watched him walk pass my station. He always walked around and checked on every lifeguard when he had the time. I didn’t want him to investigate any more about yesterday’s incident, or even todays.
I walked back into the station. It was clearing up but was still unbearable. 
I grabbed my equipment and stepped back outside. As difficult as it was, I was going to have to be outside most of the time. I knew Joe was going to walk back, and I didn’t want him to stroll into my smelly station. I walked down the shoreline with my radio, tube, and empty bottle of water, ready for anything to happen.
Chapter 5
After surviving an exhausting day of work, I began to feel much better. I should have gone home and rested but instead I decided to go out with Kate. The night was well on its way and the streets were full of drinkers ready to party. 
Tomorrow was my day off so I figured it would be better to go out with Kate than stay home alone and watch a scary movie. She had a way to persuade me that I was missing out on an exciting night. Her idea of a fun filled night was similar to mine; drink, party, and flirt with men.
Standing next to Kate outside of a club, I checked the time on my phone and habitually went through my messages again. We impatiently took small gradual steps forward in the line, eager to change our behavior through alcohol and music. Most sluts who showed some skin to the bouncers were able to enter with ease, but since Kate and I were not the prettiest of the bunch, we had to wait in line with the horny men wishing to score for the night. Kate was shorter than I was, but I liked to think that she was more overweight, though I never asked her about it. It seemed we were both gaining weight and it was something we didn’t want to discuss. Kate’s short hair almost reached her neck and her natural hair color was dirty blonde, but she had it dyed darker than normal. I was jealous of her outfit she had bought from Las Vegas. It was black and sparkled with confidence.
“How long are we going to wait here?” I asked, “You know we can go anywhere else and not have to wait in a stupid line.”
“I love this bar though,” Kate responded back with a whine in her voice. Her dimples became apparent from the animated expression on her face.
“You better buy me a drink,” I said back snobbishly. 
“I will.” Kate waved it off like it was nothing, still looking antsy to get inside.
I could hear the music blare through the door every time it opened. The majority of people waiting in line were males. I felt like trying to talk with one and take one back home so I didn’t have to go through the motions of flirting and dancing. I also didn’t want to drink too much but knew it was going to happen with Kate. Every time I went out with her, she ended up getting lost and then wandered off with some guy. Once she found her partner for the night, she didn’t complain if I were to leave, but always found it offensive if I found somebody first.
We showed our identification to the bouncer and then entered. The night club had two stories and a bar on each side. The dance floor was in the middle with blinking lights over the crowd and had pop music blaring off the walls. Kate grabbed my hand and pulled me through the crowd towards the bar. She always surprised me with a new mixed drink that she had found, and I was always ready to drink it. The bartender set two oversized glasses down and filled them up using various liquors that were aligned against the back of the illuminated bar. A nauseating feeling whirled inside of me as I looked at the drinks, but I pushed it back down. Kate handed her credit card to the bartender, telling him to keep the tab open. I always presumed that Kate wasn’t bothered when she had spent a lot of money. Her wealthy parents lived close by my parents, but her parent’s mansion was twice as big. She was spoiled by her parents, whereas my parents were greedy and held onto their money, only spending it on ridiculous things.
I took a sip of the heavily alcohol-concentrated drink. The drink tasted like blueberries with a strong after-taste of vodka. Turning away from the bar, I watched the slutty girls dance their hearts out in front of the gawking male crowd. Around the dance floor were small round stages with stripper poles elevated for everyone’s viewing pleasures. Whenever Kate was drunk, she always danced on a stage and embarrassed me when she tried to pull me up to dance with her.
Kate bought a round of shots and held one in front of my face. Her silly expression signified that it was time to get fucked up. I laughed and downed the shot she gave me. Kate grabbed my hand while holding her blue drink and pulled me onto the dance floor. She was dancing the whole time I followed her. I copied her and started dancing with my drink in my hand and felt my body sway to the popular tune that consumed the night club. I watched Kate shake her butt and raise her hands into the air. I started doing my usual dance and provocatively moved my hips with Kate on my backside while sipping my drink.
I did have to admit, Kate made everything great. The more I danced, the more I felt free and happy. I finished my drink and set it on one of the small stages that a slut was dancing on. I didn’t care if she knocked it over; I didn’t want to hold onto an empty glass.
I returned to where Kate was and raised my hands high with her. She was eyeing a group of guys to my right. I decided to dance my way over to them and see if any would bite. I stopped in the middle of the group and continued dancing as Kate followed me; she knew what I was doing to attract their attention. She began to rub up against me; though none of the guys started dancing with us or looked interested. A few walked over to the bar while the other two stared at us. They were talking into each other’s ears, almost secretly making fun of us. 
We ignored them after some time and focused on our dancing to provoke any other willing males. Sometimes when Kate was really drunk, she would start dry humping me to catch the attention of any guy in the nightclub, but that was usually later in the night.
I yelled into Kate’s ear, “I’m getting us another drink!” I always used Kate’s name whenever she put her card down at the bar.
Kate gave me a thumbs up and continued dancing. I squeezed through the crowd and cut ahead of some people trying to get the attention of the bartender. The bartender was tall and had a collared shirt that looked good on him. He was gorgeous. He headed over to where I was, but his attention was on the skinny bitch to my left. He set some drinks in front of her that she didn’t pay for.
He turned his attention to me, “Whataya want?”
I wanted to tell him I wanted some free drinks like the sleazy bitch to my left but instead I responded differently, “two margaritas please.”
I gave him Kate’s name and waited for him to make the drinks. I watched the bartender’s playful expression towards some of the girls in front of him. The glow in his young eyes showed his true desires. He returned back and set the margaritas in front of me. I smiled at him ready to say something else but he quickly turned to the next person behind me.
Back on the dance floor, Kate had found a guy to rub up against. He wasn’t attractive but he was a body nonetheless. I handed her a margarita. Kate slowed for a moment and sucked the drink down. I did the same and started moving my body with the music.
One of the guys on the dance floor started rubbing up against me like he owned me. He was a lot smaller but he looked like he had a nice body. I could feel him thrust into my backside, but he was too physical. I stepped away from him and headed back towards the bar to stand on the side and watch Kate dance. She was getting into the music and the man she was with.
After I finished my margarita, I returned to the dance floor. I decided to start dancing with Kate and the guy she was with. The shorter guy who had been grinding up against me found another girl to dance with and was doing the same rough motions to her. I spanked Kate on the ass to let her know I was near. She gave me another thumbs up and put her arms around her dance partner’s neck; her margarita was no longer in her hand. I started dancing and waved my hands in the air next to Kate. I needed to find my own man to grind up on like Kate had. I was kind of mad at Kate for finding somebody so early. It left me to search for one myself.
I scanned the dance floor like I was on duty. There was a lot of potential out there, and I needed to let myself be seen. I knew that more guys would come to me as the night progressed and more alcohol was consumed.
After some time, Kate started kissing the guy she was with. Their tongues started digging deep into the back of their throats.
“Ugh,” I sighed and headed back to the bar for another margarita.
I had been dancing for awhile, so I leaned against the bar to rest. It was getting crowded and was almost impossible to get the bartenders attention. Instead, I walked through the dance floor and to the bathroom. I passed by Kate who was still making out with the guy she was dancing with. I wanted to get a spray bottle and separate them.
I tapped her on the shoulder and yelled, “Bathroom!”
She wiped her mouth, said something into her partner’s ear, and then followed me as I stormed into the bathroom with her.
“So you’re going to fuck the first thing you see in the club?” I asked as both of us entered the bathroom.
“Yeah, so what,” Kate replied.
“I’ve been wandering around by myself ever since you decided to swap spit with that jerkoff,” I said frustrated.
“Well, it’s been awhile since I’ve been laid,” Kate replied. She opened up the stall bathroom.
I took the stall next to her. There were some girls in front of the mirror doing some makeup, but it was a large bathroom, so I continued talking with Kate from my stall.
“So what. You spent some time on a plane and you were restricted from dick for about an hour?” I yelled out sarcastically but I didn’t know why I was mad. t was probably because I wasn’t kissing someone in the club.
“I actually didn’t get laid my whole time in Vegas, believe it or not,” said Kate from the other stall.
“And now you were saving up that whole trip to fuck this guy you’re with now?”
“I’m going to fuck him Peggy,” Kate replied back, “And it’s going to be the greatest fuck ever.”
I started laughing at her pathetic comment. “Why are we arguing?”
“I don’t know. Because you want to have a threesome,” Kate replied amusingly. 
I heard her flush the toilet.
I finished up and exited out of the stall to join her at the mirror.
“Like I said, I need to be really drunk for that to ever happen,” I replied, digging into my purse for my makeup.
“Don’t be jealous,” Kate said, “We will find you a strapping gentleman with a huge cock.”
I felt embarrassed because there were others next to us doing their hair and make-up. They were trying to hold back from laughing but continued to ignore our conversation.
“I think you’re crazier than I am sometimes,” I said humorously.
“So let’s get some more drinks, I take my guy back home, and you find a big cock,” Kate suggested. She then smiled mischievously through the mirror.
“I think you’re onto something,” I said, “I don’t know how much more I can drink though. I still think I feel hungover from last night… More drinking would just get me wasted.”
“So you’re still thinking about a threesome?” Kate asked with a grin. She ignored any concern she had for my lingering hangover.
“That will never happen,” I replied and looked out the bathroom door, “We better get back to your boyfriend before he starts having separation issues. He might also leave you and find a new woman.”
“What a shame if he did,” said Kate, “I’d have to find another man that is exactly the same. I’m sure he’s a dime a dozen.”
“More than that,” I replied humorously, “Let’s go find me a cock then.”
“I would be honored to help you,” Kate replied.
“You can be a real hooker sometimes,” I said as we headed for the door. I still had some hatred that she had found a guy before I had. I knew she wasn’t going to be accompanying me for the rest of the night the moment we left the bathroom.
“C’mon, I went to Vegas and didn’t even have sex,” she replied.
“You really deserve a reward for that,” I said sarcastically.
We opened the door to club music. Kate ran to her new boyfriend for the night who was waiting outside of the bathroom. She started kissing him and feeling up his shirt as he did the same, though Kate must have been twice his weight.
I felt like I never got to spend much time with Kate anymore. She was always invested in men, like the opportunity was never going to be there tomorrow. The young life was to be cherished until it was idolized with age. Maybe I had the same worries as Kate; but I knew the older we got, the harder it was to live. I started to think that there wasn’t a tomorrow and ventured out into the crowd looking for a cock.
Chapter 6
“Wake up,” said a man’s voice.
The morning light blurred my eyes with the help of the leftover alcohol in my system that spun in my head. I could hear someone walking around the bed and then shuffling items on the dresser next to me. The bed I was on was firmer than normal and had no sheets or pillows, though I clearly remembered sleeping on them last night. For now, my arm was being used as a pillow. 
“What?” I replied, almost whispering.
“You gotta go,” said the man.
“Fuck that,” I buried my head back into my arm while feeling for a pillow. I didn’t care where I was; it was too early and I was tired. My headache began to resurface around my brain. I hadn’t drunk as much as the night before, but I still had enough in me to feel the effects.
I heard the man walk over to my side, “I’m serious. You need to go.”
I achingly turned around to look at him and then frowned with stubbornness that I had to leave. “And why is that?”
“Because I don’t want you here,” he quickly replied and sounded sincere.
My eyes widened from his honesty. “So you’re kicking me out?”
“Yes,” he replied. He got up and threw my things on the bed. “Get dressed.”
“Asshole,” I replied. I sat up holding my head and scanned the place. It was a decent looking studio apartment, and I could tell he saw himself as an upscale person, but clearly couldn’t afford everything luxurious.
“And give me that bow-tie around your neck. It’s mine,” he said. He yanked it off of my neck.
“Owe!” I yelled, “Take it easy.”
I watched him walk into the bathroom. He was almost six feet and had short brown hair. He was round in the belly but had a pleasant face.
I got up and put on my skirt and shirt. As I dressed, I tried to get a good look at his face, but he continued to walk past the door in the bathroom. On top of the bed, was my purse and belongings he had put in a pile for me. I sat down to put my heels on and continued to look at the bathroom door, waiting for him to appear again.
The toilet flushed and he walked out of the bathroom.
“I remember you now,” I said, “You were from the bachelor party for the wedding. Your name is…” I began tapping my fingers on the bed trying to think of his name. “Tom?”
“Very good,” he replied, “now get out.”
“You’re a dick,” I said as I got up and headed for the door.
“Got everything?”
“I don’t think you care anyways,” I replied.
“No, I don’t,” he said exhaling. His hands were on his waist, impatiently waiting for me to step outside. 
“Consider this a gift what I did for you last night,” I said wanting to have the last laugh.
“You didn’t do anything you fat whore,” he replied.
“I’m not the one with the small dick!” I said opening the door, “So fuck you!” I wanted to hit him but I didn’t know what he was capable of. 
“Go fuck yourself,” he replied and pushed me out and closed the door.
“I will and my finger will be way bigger than your dick!” I shouted through the door.
There wasn’t a response from the other side.
I kicked the door and walked down an unknown hallway that directed me towards the exit.
Chapter 7
Everything seemed peaceful for my day off, and it helped me recuperate from the past two nights. After getting some sleep at my place, I headed to my parent’s house in my small blue truck. The newer truck still had a fresh smell but was full of sand and trash. Before I departed, I double checked to make sure Kate hadn’t called me. I was interested to see what had happened to her last night. The last time I saw her, she was walking out of the club with her hand down a guys pants. I was glad the bachelor party had come in to entertain me or else I would have been dancing solo the whole night.
I decided I would call Ted back on the drive to my parents.
“Hey Peggy!” Ted said with enthusiasm.
“What’s up?” I asked and drove out into the street.
“Not much. Wanted to see how your night was and that everything was ok. You didn’t call me back so I was getting kinda worried,” Ted said.
“I’m fine Ted. The night was fun. It was the morning that sucked. I didn’t want to go to work at all.”
“I can imagine. You can sure put those margaritas away fast,” Ted remarked.
“That’s my talent and I don’t let it go to waste. You have a good time with your little cousin yesterday?”
“It was great. She’s doing really well. We are going out again next week so I’ll be sure to stop by to see if you’re working.”
“I probably am. I’m a slave to lifeguarding.”
“That’s better than a whole lot of people can say,” Ted said optimistically.
“Maybe,” I replied and became uninterested in the conversation.
“So what are you up to for the rest of the day?” asked Ted.
“Not much. I’m heading to my parents and then I don’t know. Kate got back in town so I wanted to hang out with her again.”
“Again?” asked Ted.
“Yeah, we hung out yesterday but we ended early.”
“I see. You behaving yourself?”
“You sound like my dad Ted. But yes to the best of my ability,” I said and added a chuckle after my insult.
“Sounds like you’ve been busy... Anyways, I wanted to let you know we are going to that burger joint that you can order the mega burger, and if you eat it all, you get the meal free. You want to try it out with us tonight?” asked Ted.
“Maybe. I will call you to see how long I’m at my parents for. You think you’re gonna pack the mega burger in your measly little body?” I asked.
“Betcha I’ll eat more than you,” Ted said, challenging my eating capabilities.
“You’re outa your mind,” I replied.
“Excellent. I will plan on seeing you tonight.”
“Like I said, maybe,” I reaffirmed. “I gotta go though so I’ll call you later.”
“Ok cool.”
“See ya.”
“Toodles.”
I hated how Ted never could say the usual things and always had to deviate from the norm. It must have been the word toodles that annoyed me. I needed to bring that to his attention next time I saw him.
I drove up to my parent’s property and stopped at the gate. I pressed the password and waited for the gate to fully open. The workers were trimming the trees in the front yard, making me thankful for my job. I followed the winding road up to their house. All the windows had blue shutters which didn’t blend well with the white house. There was a new fountain of a naked woman with large breasts bathing near the front door. They hoarded their money and then would splurge on unnecessary materials. I never understood my parent’s motives in life. Trying to get ten dollars from them was hard enough.
I slammed my car door and walked towards the front door. My grandma’s car was parked in front of me. Somehow she was still able to pass the driver’s test even though she was almost blind. She was still holding strong at her late age. It always made me stop for a moment to realize that I would get old. I shuttered at that thought and stopped to admire the stupid fountain. I knew it was my dad’s idea.
I heard the front door rattle before I rang the doorbell and was greeted by my mom. She was wearing short cut off jeans and a white button up shirt. She had curly blond hair that would be gray if she didn’t dye it. Her earrings sparkled on each ear lobe.
“Peggy! Come here and give me a hug!”
“Hi mom.” I smiled and gave her a quick hug.
She held on and gave me a kiss on the cheek. “It’s so good to see you.”
She pulled away and we both sized each other up. It looked like she was losing weight but I didn’t want to compliment her regardless. Her shirt was buttoned down too far revealing her chest. I quickly looked away, but something seemed different with her body.
“What do you think?” she asked.
“What are you talking about?” I replied back exhausted from her already.
“You don’t notice anything special?”
“What?”
She smiled again and began shaking her chest. He tan yet freckled chest had grown some size and looked fake as ever. She lifted her eyebrows and posed for me.
“Mom! What the hell did you do?” I said frustrated. 
“You don’t like them?” she replied.
“It’s not that I don’t like them. Why do you need them?”
“Your dad suggested it to me and I thought he was right, so we enhanced these puppies,” she said excited. She then shook her chest again with a smile.
“Don’t do that.” There was no way to argue with her. I noticed she had a necklace with a cross around her neck. “And when did you become religious?” I asked.
“Oh honey,” she said, “It’s to attract the attention of my new investment.”
I didn’t want her to shake her breast again. I was appalled at everything that she did. “So this was your big news?”
“Yes it was! And there is something else. Guess what it is? We’ve talked about this before but I’m finally going through with it.”
“I don’t know mom,” I replied, “Dad got breast implants too?”
“Such a sense of humor you have,” she said.
“I learn from the best.”
“True.”
“So what is it?” I asked.
“I’m getting liposuction too!”
“Really? This is too much mom.”
“Why not? I do have to say I am admiring myself so much more now. I just can’t get enough!”
“Good for you,” I replied, “So what’s dad up to?”
“Not much, just watching TV. Grandma’s here too.”
“Cool, it’ll be nice to see her,” I replied.
“How have you been?”
“Ok. Got the day off so I thought I’d come see the big news in your shirt.”
She looked at me concerned. “You think they’re too much?”
“Honestly I do. And now you’re getting lipo and you expect your back to hold up. You’re getting older and you could break your back if you become this top heavy frail lady.”
“Don’t tell me I’m old,” she pleaded, “I don’t like being called that.”
“I’m just telling you what I think. If anything, I would get the lipo first, then the boob stuff.” I didn’t appreciate looking at her chest. It looked unreal.
“Who bought the fountain of the naked woman?” I asked trying to change the subject.
“Your dad bought it,” she replied, “Isn’t it beautiful?”
“Yeah, you and her both have huge breast. Dad should be proud of himself.”
“It was mostly my idea for my boobs and it was his idea for the statue,” she explained.
“Ok, I believe you mom,” I said. I gave her another hug and walked inside the house.
Many items and pictures on the wall had been rearranged from last time I had visited. Scented fruit combined with sizzling bacon engulfed my nose. Our feet clattered on the tile as we passed the useless sitting room that outlooked the front yard.
“What are you making?” I asked.
“BLT’s. I hope you brought an appetite,” she replied.
“I could eat some.” I wasn’t opposed even though I had something to eat an hour ago.
We continued down the hallways with family photos along the walls. I saw a new picture of Stan, my sixteen year old brother. The photo was him half smiling in his volleyball jersey. He held the ball with one hand and his other hand was on his waist.
“Hmm, Stan’s playing volleyball again? I asked”
“Yeah, you know he loves that sport. I think he’s gotten over his ankle injury.”
“He’s a good player,” I added.
Stan was an unplanned baby according to my parents. He was mature for his age and would most likely be a lady’s man in the future… If not already. 
I looked behind me to see my mom adjust her shirt and perk up her chest.  “Stop doing that.” My angry voice echoed off the hallway walls.
“Give me a break,” she replied, “They are brand new.”
“They’re going to give you a break before I do. And stop referring to your chest as they.” I stormed into the living room before my mom could respond back.
My dad was lying on the couch watching TV. His feet were resting on a foot pedestal. He was turning the channels, looking displeased that nothing good was on.
“Look who’s here,” my mom incited.
He turned around and grinned at sight. His wrinkles formed around his eyes and forehead. “Peggy!”
I watched him get up. He was the tannest out of everyone. His hair was going gray, but still had some youthful dark colors intertwined. I met him halfway and gave him a hug.
“Nice to see you.”
“You too.” He patted me on the back.
We released from hugging.
“So what do you think of mom, eh?” he asked with a grin.
“Don’t even go there. This was probably all your doings anyways.”
“Not entirely,” he replied, “She pulled the trigger to go through with it. I was here for support.”
“What support? She wasn’t going through any life threatening surgery.”
“Oh Peggy. You don’t know how beautiful your mother looks now,” said my dad admiring my mom.
“Ok I don’t care anymore. Let’s change the subject. Where’s Grandma and Stan?”
My mom responded, “Stan’s at practice and Grandma is somewhere around here. I’ll go find her. She probably didn’t hear you come in.” She exited the living room and walked down the hallway. Her shoes echoed of the walls with each step.
“So anything new with you?” asked my dad realizing the room was quiet.
“The usual. Saving people from work mostly,” I replied. I hated talking about my job.
“You were such a good swimmer. You beat out everyone in the lanes,” he replied.
“Sure did. And I still do.”
“By the way, could you watch Stan in a couple weeks? We are going to Australia,” he said.
“Why Australia?” I asked, mad that I never got to go on much vacations with them.
“That’s where your mom wants to go and I didn’t argue. She’s gonna start looking good in a bathing suit after more lipo.” He winked at me, still obsessing over my mom.
“Stop dad.”
“Sorry Peggy. Not to spoil the surprise or anything, but I think she will pay for you if you go with her.”
“To get lipo?”
“I think so,” he replied.
“So let me get this straight. You two won’t pay for my veterinarian school, but you will pay to get my fat sucked out?”
“It’s not like that. It’s more of a gift.”
“A gift?”
“Forget that I mentioned it sweetie.”
“Ugh,” I sighed and walked towards the backyard, “I’m going to play with Jellybean outside.”
I opened the sliding glass door and waited for Jellybean to greet me. My parents knew they backed out on my school payments when I wanted to go. It was good to remind them and make them feel guilty when they did idiotic things. Their only dream for me was to have me swim in the Olympics. Instead, I used my skills to be a lifeguard.
Jellybean jumped on my side and wagged her tail with happiness. I leaned down and pet her head while she tried to lick my face. She was a cute Labrador that never got much attention. Jellybean would have been perfect in a big family, but instead she sat outside in the backyard playing with the workers who trimmed the trees. I gave her a big hug and scratched her back. She jumped up and down remembering my scent and then ran to the side of the house to fetch her ball, which she then dropped in front of me.
I threw the ball as hard as I could past the bushes and watched her retrieve it. Her tail wagged joyfully and then she dropped the ball in front of me again. As I picked up the gooey ball, I pretended to throw it and watched her aimlessly search for it in front of her. I then held it up, showing her that I didn’t really throw the ball and then tossed it in the air for her to catch.
“Good girl!”
She dropped it in front of me again. I kicked the ball this time not wanting to pick up the slimy ball.
Behind me, my grandma was trying to open the sliding glass door. She was old but still had a young spirit. I could see her toil with the latch on the door but was having problems with it. Her hair was gray and curled up into a bunion. She always smelled of old lady perfume and wore skirts that barely surpassed her knees. When she was younger, she started acting in musicals and then moved into the film industry, playing numerous roles in popular movies. She claimed she was in more musicals and movies than any other actress; however, her only problem was that she never played someone important and was always the minor role that didn’t appeal to the crowd. She would either play a prostitute or a slutty friend, sometimes only participating in a few short scenes and then was never seen again. She accepted any role and was open to her unfavorable portrayals of women in modern society. Throughout her life, she was a participant in every new fad the decades had to offer. I always remembered her talk about her contribution to being a flapper, even though she was far too young. She had liberal views towards sex, but I saw her as a prostitute. She also claimed that she helped start the mini skirt, but since it was started in 1964, she would have been much older than the majority of the young crowd that wore them. Her internal timeline was all messed up. Regardless of her age, she was a symbol of youth. Her husband that she was married to for five years had died. She was never married but her first wedding was when she was seventy-seven years old. She was happy no matter what though. I felt like she was going to live until she was one-hundred-and-fifty. This month, she was ninety-four years old.
I opened the sliding door for her and immediately smelled an old perfumed scent come off her body. She had a skinny and increasingly frail body compared to my mother and me. I gave her a gentle hug. Her fragile body shook as she embraced me.
“Peggy, you look vivid my darling,” she greeted.
“Thanks grandma. You too.” I waited for her to stop hugging me and took a step back. Her scent engrossed my attention.
“Are you still watching the ocean and swimming like a mermaid?” she asked.
“I am, every day. And saving people too.”
“Ah yes. I’m confident they relish your many talents. Soon, you will impress everyone with your new looks.”
I looked at her confused, knowing that my physical features were not impressive.
“Did you hear about your mother’s upcoming procedures?”
“Yes. I am tired of hearing about it,” I replied quickly. The discussion about my mother’s procedure needed to stop.
“I was under the impression that you were going to join her?” 
“No grandma, I’m not.”
“Oh.” She paused and smiled. “I can’t say I agree, but she is flourishing with her new look.”
“Good for her,” I said scornfully.
She began to look uncomfortable as I resisted her advocacy for my mom and changed the subject. “You meet any new gentlemen lately?”
“Gentlemen no, but some guys yes,” I replied.
“What do you mean by that?” she asked intrigued.
“I mean, none worth keeping.”
She chuckled and patted my shoulder. “You don’t realize how much power you have over men. Men may have power, but you can use that to your advantage. Have you seen recently how much power your mother has over your father?”
“Yeah, but I don’t really want to talk about mom and her new body.”
“You will realize you’re potential soon enough. Is there any procedures you are pondering at the moment?”
“No grandma. None at all.”
She looked distressed from my response and opened her mouth like she was about to say something else.
Jellybean looked up at us, wanting us to throw the ball. I kicked the slobbery ball back into the grass.
“What about your aspiration to become a veterinarian? It was something you always discussed with me. Have you applied to any schools yet?” she asked.
“Not yet grandma. It’s something I’ve been meaning to do though.”
“If it’s something that you want to do, then do it.”
“I will soon,” I replied, not knowing when or where I would go.
Jellybean ran back and dropped her ball at my feet. 
“I always enamored people who put their heart into their jobs. It makes life enjoyable. Don’t you agree?”
“I guess. Are you talking about liking your work?’ I asked.
“Yes dear. Work isn’t an issue. It becomes almost an art rather than a job.”
“But school is a whole lot of work.”
“It may be. But nothing good comes easy.”
“I guess you’re right.”
“Of course I am dear. I’m older than you,” she replied.
“Did it take a lot of work for you to get into show business?” I asked.
“It took an enormous amount of work dear,” she took a deep breath and continued, “I was the hardest working young gal on and off stage. There wasn’t a moment wasted under my breath.”
“Sounds like I have a lot to learn on and off the stage, sort of speaking,” I replied.
“Well dear. The off stage part comes easy, but it still takes finesse and convincing, and that was a talent I had. It takes people skills and ways to use your looks to your advantage.”
I knew where she was going with this and I didn’t want it to get too personal. “Well, I guess you need to find a way to be liked.”
“You find what works best for you, dear. There were plenty of parts I wouldn’t have received if I didn’t give the director a blowjob. Like I said, women had more power than you think, in my times. And they still do.” She swung her hand and made a fist to help express her statement.
“I know I know,” I said grossed out. She always said something noteworthy and then ruined it.
“Don’t ever forget that because I am not ashamed of it. Discrimination, nepotism, and male camaraderie are all present in the work field each day. It’s only fair that you use what works for you. Unfortunately many people see it as wrong, but I see it as evening the playing field. And dear, there is nothing wrong with wanting to be successful.”
I felt like she was talking about herself instead of me. “Thanks grandma. I’ll remember that.”
I kicked the ball for Jellybean one last time.
“Let’s go see what my parents are doing,” I suggested. 
“Sure dear,” she responded.
I opened the sliding door and I waited for her to enter the house. I chuckled under my breath at how youthful she was dressed with her skirt and extravagant buttoned up shirt. Obsessed with vanity, she was never going to let it go. My grandma wanted to become a star but never got the recognition she deserved, though I knew she enjoyed using sex to get what she wanted; it was her advantage in a suppressive environment. But despite her ambitions, she was a prostitute at heart.
Chapter 8
Weeks passed by and it seemed like one night after another of drinking with the occasional asshole of a guy to wake up to in the morning. My parents were leaving for Australia tomorrow and I was put in charge of watching Stan. I didn’t mind watching him because it meant that I was able to use my parent’s house. My grandma occupied the guest house which was rarely a bother since she was either sleeping in her chair or watching an old flick or musical on the television.
Before I went to work, I gathered all my belongings to bring to my parent’s house. They were going to be gone for a week which meant I was able to have access to everything without their annoying behaviors; I thought about throwing a party. I took one last glance around my compact house. There was only a small living room, kitchen, bathroom, and bedroom. It agitated me that my parents lived in luxury and were going to Australia.
I checked the time on my phone and realized I was going to be late for work if I didn’t leave soon. I looked in the mirror to make sure my hair was in place. I enjoyed not having to put much effort into getting ready because I was always under the assumption that might have to jump into the ocean. I changed into my suit, which was becoming transparent from stretching out, and found some shorts to cover any exposure. As I headed out the door and rushed to my car, a few neighbors taking out their laundry basket and checking their mail stopped and looked at me, but then returned to their own activity. They were always up early in the morning actively participating in some exercise or chore. 
When I got to work, everyone was gathering for our morning meeting. Many of the good looking lifeguards sat in the back, so I sat in front of them hoping to get their attention. I was never able to have a conversation with them but it was always worth trying. I noticed Brent and Lisa in the front of the room. Last time I saw them was when I had purposely saved a girl to win a pot of one dollar bills. I waved at them, but stayed close to the back with the good looking lifeguards.
Elisa sat down next to me. She wasn’t popular, but always thought that she had to be with me during the meetings. I wanted to move to the other side of the room but I didn’t like the other lifeguards anyways.
“What a morning I had already,” Elisa said and expected me to listen, “I stopped and got coffee and I had to wait in line forever. Then, this guy cuts in front of me and then everyone started yelling. So I—”
“Elisa,” I replied impatiently, “zoom to the end.”
“Just let me finish Peggy,” she said and returned to story mode, “So I tapped him on the shoulder and told him he needed to go to the back. You know what he said?”
I sighed, “I don’t know, what?”
“He told me to shove it. And I was like, you need to go to the back or I am going to call the police. You know what he said after that?”
“What? The police came and that was the end of the story?” I said bothered.
“No way! He grabbed me and told me he was going to hit me. So then, this guy came in between us and tackled him to the ground. They both started fighting and I watched the whole thing. It was crazy.”
“Yeah I’m sure it was,” I replied unexcited. I looked ahead and waited for Joe the supervisor to start our meeting. I wanted to get into my station and be in silence.
“So how have you been?” she asked changing the subject.
“Not bad, going day by day,” I replied.
“That’s what my boyfriend always tells me. Sometimes I need to take it one step at a time.”
“Very wise of you.”
Joe walked in and quieted the room. I was glad I no longer had to talk with Elisa. She was a little shorter than I was and always wore a tight swimming suit. It pressed her body in making her looking thinner than she actually was. 
A few other lifeguards walked in late and quickly took their seats.
“Ok, listen up everyone,” Joe demanded. He shriveled his nose and waited for everyone to quiet down.
I remembered he almost walked into my puke infested lifeguard station a few weeks back. My job would have been at risk if he had found out how inept I was to react and save someone. Luckily, I was able to evade any suspicion. I smiled thinking of what I got away with.
Everyone was attentive to Joe as he started talking.  He went through his pattern of naming off dangers or anything out of the ordinary. I looked across and noticed a new guy. He was slightly older but had attractive features, and from the looks of it, a fit body. I needed to introduce myself to him.
“And we were notified by the police department that a sex offender has been hanging around and preying on any children that are alone. So stay alert for any children by themselves.” Joe clapped his hands together. “And finally I want everyone to meet Carl. He’s a transfer and came here because his family lives here now. So I want everyone to welcome Carl to the team.”
The room applauded for Carl who stood up and then sat back down, trying not to attract much attention. Elisa was the last one to stop clapping as the room quieted down. 
“Thanks for everybody’s attention. Let’s go out there and get to work!” Joe said enthusiastically. He then checked his watch to make sure everyone would be on time.
Everyone stood up and began conversing. 
Elisa turned to me, “So what are you up to this weekend?”
“I don’t know,” I replied, “Just throwing a party.” 
“Excellent! This Friday or Saturday?” 
“Umm… Saturday. I’ll give you a call about it.” I waved her off and looked for Carl, the new guy.
“Do you have my number?” Elisa asked.
“Yeah I do,” I replied and headed over to Carl in the corner. Some of the lifeguards were shaking his hand and introducing themselves.
“Ok, just checking. Call me!” Elisa said behind me.
I waited for everyone to stop surrounding Carl so I could introduce myself. He had some stands of gray hair and it was combed over like a gentleman. He had dimples in his cheeks and a cute smile. He was tall and looked like he had a nice body under his tank top, but didn’t shave his chest. His face was turned to the side as I approached him.
“Carl? How are you?” I asked, “My name is Peggy.”
“Hello there,” he replied, turning his head in my direction. His eyes were delightful and streamed into my bones.
I spoke up, “I’m one of the veterans here, so if you have any questions, please let me know. Joe said that you have family here or something?”
“That would be correct. My wife just moved here for a job and I have two daughters. We are still getting used to the schooling system here.”
“Ah yeah, it totally sucks,” I tried to sympathize.
“I think I like it better though,” Carl replied.
“Haha you’re right,” I said losing my interest that he was a family man, “So who are you shadowing?”
“Jake. He’s showing me the ropes here. I officially start this Monday, so if you have any tips or anything that I need to know, please let me know.”
“Well… I’m sure you have more experience but make sure you swing by and say hi to me over where I’m at. I start my rotation at station twenty two. You close by?”
“We start close by the boardwalk, but not far away,” Carl scanned the room and then returned to me, “So Peggy? What made you want to be a lifeguard?”
“This was my first job and I haven’t done anything else. I’m actually working on being a veterinarian.”
“Oh how cool, my sister is graduating next semester in that. What college you go to?”
 “Well, I’ve been working on it for awhile but I’m enrolling soon,” I said regretting that I lied.
“So you haven’t started, or you transferring?”
“Transferring, so hopefully I’ll be seeing your sister there.” I quickly changed the subject so he wouldn’t question my credibility. He was definitely wiser than I had thought. “So what do you do for fun?”
Jake tapped Carl on the shoulder and instructed him that he needed to follow.
“Hey… uh, we got to get to work, and I’m sure you do too; we’ll continue this another time,” he said never answering my question.
“Yeah sure, make sure you stop by,” I replied desperately. I watched him walk away with Jake.
Elisa ran up behind me, “Just in case if you don’t have it, here is my number. Call me when you get off!” She handed me a piece of paper with her number on it and a smiley face next to the number.
“Yeah sure,” I replied. I figured she had my number and would call me anyways this weekend. She was unbearable to listen to whenever she told a personal story. Her stories of being home schooled were the worst. They were always filled with high energy, which usually sucked the life out of me as I listened.
I walked out the door with the rest of the lifeguards dispersing to their stations. I thought about Carl and how I introduced myself to him. His interest was more about the job, but I was hoping to see him again. Trying to erase his handsome face from my mind, I needed to decide if I was going to have a party or not. I could throw a party but I needed to make sure my brother and grandmother were occupied. It would be easy for my grandma, but my brother would make it difficult. A simple bribe might do the trick.
As I was walking towards my station, I saw Ted jog towards me.
“Peggy!” he shouted.
I continued walking and knew I would eventually meet with him. It sometimes felt like he was spying on me and then he would wait for the moment that I was free to approach me. “Hi Ted.”
“Thought I’d catch you early. I’m heading out to catch some waves,” he said proudly, “but later we are hanging out at that taco restaurant that has an ‘all you can eat’ for lunch. I know you liked that place last time.”
“Swing by my station a little later and I might be able to go.” I remembered I did enjoy the taco restaurant he was talking about.
“I haven’t talked to you for awhile,” Ted said, “How’s it been?”
We continued walking to my station.
“Not bad,” I replied, “by the way, did you ever eat a whole giant burger awhile back?”
“Oh yeah, the one you bailed on,” Ted said disappointed, “Nobody was able to eat a whole hamburger. In fact, the people who didn’t order couldn’t even finish the leftover hamburgers.”
“Haha, I bet I would have beat you anyways. Sounds pathetic.”
“Well, you actually have to go with us next time.”
“Yeah yeah,” I said, feeling guilty I didn’t show up, “So hey, I was thinking about having a party at my parents this weekend, so give me a call, ok?”
“Oh really?” Ted said, “And what’s the occasion?”
“Nothing special. My parents are going out of town and I thought I’d have some people over.”
“Sounds fun,” he replied, “I’ll call you later then. Your whole family is gone?”
“Except for my little brother, but I feel I can distract him easily.”
“If he’s related to you, I’m sure he wouldn’t mind the drinking and partying. And if he’s a teenager, you better find something for him to do.”
“You’re probably right,” I replied, “I’ll think of something that keeps him out of the way.” 
Ted started laughing, “You crack me up Peggy.”
“And why is that?” 
“Cause you love to party,” he replied, “How much longer are you going to be doing this?’
“Until I can no longer walk, Ted.”
“Well good luck to you,” Ted said, “I’ll call you later,”
“You do that,” I replied and walked up my station stairs.
Jessica was sitting inside with her shoulders perked up and head scanning the ocean. She had long red hair that went past her shoulders and she always brought a comb with her to keep it straight. Though her face was ugly, I was jealous of her body and wanted to know how she fit into a small swimming suit. I didn’t talk to her much and figured I would invite her to my party; she probably knew of some people that would attend.
“Hi Jessica,” I greeted her, “Anything exciting?”
“Not really. Just some guys swimming around trying to impress each other. I already warned them not to swim so far out. If they do it again, they are going to have to leave.”
“Cool,” I replied, “So, I’m having a party this weekend. Give me a call if you want to go.”
“That sounds fun Peggy, but my boyfriend is in town. Maybe we can stop by though,” she suggested. It didn’t sound genuine, but I didn’t care.
“It’ll be a good time if you decide to go,” I replied and left it at that knowing she wouldn’t show.
Jessica grabbed her things and headed out of the station. “Have a great rest of the day.”
“Same to you,” I replied and sat down already exhausted from the little time I was here. I hated that we couldn’t sit down for a long period of time, but I liked to do it anyways.
I took a stroll out on the beach to discover it was a busy day. The ocean was full of swimmers and surfers sharing the waves, kids were running around their parents who were socially engaged with other family members enjoying the sun, and the volleyball players were striking up a competitive game. I spotted Ted on his surf board paddling in front of a potential wave. He lifted his arm trying to get my attention, but I pretended I was not focused on him. He was probably always close by my station but I never noticed it. I walked past the tanners, runners, volleyball players, kids, and families all expressing vigor in their activities. I thought about the party I needed to assemble and realized I was already telling everyone to come without fully committing to it yet. The word would get out quickly through the lifeguard staff, and soon enough, I would be expected to have a party.
I adjusted my short red shorts over my worn out suit. It kept reminding me that I needed to get a new swim suit, but I didn’t want to pay for one. I certainly couldn’t walk out in public without shorts. I released my hand from my waistband and bumped into a teenager who was walking with his friend. 
“Sorry,” I said thinking it was mutual.
“Watch where you’re going fat ass!” he yelled.
Shocked at what he had called me, I felt insulted but had to maintain a calm state. “Excuse me?”
“You heard me,” said the obnoxious teen, “get out of my way.” His sunglasses covered his pimpled face and he wore a necklace that rested on his hairless chest.
“What did you say before that?” I asked, feeling my voice raise.
“Nothing. Except for that you bumped into me,” he replied with attitude.
“Where are your parents young man?”
“I don’t need parents lifeguard,” he said mocking me.
“I don’t want to hear anymore. Where are your parents or else I’m calling the cops.” I didn’t want to deal with his bullshit. 
“I don’t know. You probably ate them!” he screamed and ran with his friend. They bolted though the beach crowd and jumped over the tanners.
I had reached out my hand to grab him but knew he was already far ahead of me. I didn’t chase after them, but instead, I stood and watched them navigate up the beach and run behind the buildings into the city. I felt insulted but mainly wanted to hit the little shit in the face. He thought I was fat and he knew I wouldn’t chase after him. He was right on the chasing part, but I hated seeing myself as fat. I gripped my lifeguard tube hard and walked back to watch the volleyball players. They helped calm my nerves.
At lunch, still feeling annoyed, I had myself another burger meal while I sat in my lifeguard station. I felt better with a sense of satisfaction after finishing my meal as I grabbed my drink and sucked it dry.
“What an asshole,” I said to myself.
I threw my drink into the trash and checked my phone. I had a couple missed calls from my mom and Kate. I’m sure my parents were on their way to the airport and Kate most likely wanted to know what I was doing tonight. She was exhausting sometimes. I set my phone down and walked outside with a full stomach. This time, I felt self conscious about my body, like everybody was judging me from all angles. Whenever someone laughed, I thought it was about me. I knew it wasn’t true but it continued to make me feel out of place.
I started thinking about everything that I was going to have for my party. This weekend was going to be great and nobody was going to ruin it. I needed to inform Kate that I was going to have a party; she was the guest of honor.
I realized that while I lifeguarded, I had much ample time to sit and think about things. Whether good or bad, it brought out my desires and expectations; maybe unrealistic thinking that shouldn’t be exercised.
I tried to shake off what that little shit had said to me and started concentrating on the ocean.
Chapter 9
Once I got off work, I dropped my belongings off at my parent’s house. The maids had just finished cleaning, which left a fresh aroma through the hallways. The tables were dusted, floors were mopped, windows were cleaned, furniture was tidied, and beds were made. I roamed into each part of the house, exploring what was new and what was still there. My parents left my room the same since I had moved out; even leaving the photos and awards I had received in high school.
I fed Jellybean who was happy to see me and threw the ball with her for awhile. I walked into the kitchen to see a note written by my mom. There were some household chores, Jellybean’s feeding schedule, and Stan’s school and volleyball schedule written on it. He was still not home yet. 
My phone started ringing. It was Kate.
“Hey Kate.”
“What are you doing tonight?” she asked with a sense of hastiness.
“Don’t know, what about you?” I replied hoping she would have an idea.
“I’m coming over to tell you.”
“Wait! I’m over at my parents.”
“Oh yeah, that’s right. I’m heading over there.” She hung up.
I knew I was in for a long night with Kate; it would give me time to talk about the party for tomorrow. I looked out the window towards the guest house where my grandma lived. The doors and windows were closed with no activity. She must have been asleep or left.
I thought about exercising but rejected that idea quickly. Instead, I thought about tonight with Kate and avoided the kitchen, thinking that would be my accomplishment to lose weight.
I walked down the hallway to look at the pictures on the wall of my family. My mom changed most of her pictures to her current new look. I rolled my eyes looking at all of her new pictures of herself in buttoned down shirts exposing her new breasts and increasingly slimming body. It was like she was making a timeline of her progress. I gazed over a picture of myself on the swim team standing next to the swimming pool ladder behind the clear blue water. It reminded me of my youth.
The front door shut in the house. I walked down the hallway and towards the front door to see Stan walk in. His hair was trimmed short but he always combed it forward and covered it in gel. He was slightly darker skinned than I was, which always made me speculate if he belonged to my dad, but it was never brought up.
“Hey Stan,” I said giving him a hug.
He was looking into the mirror the whole time I was hugging him. His red backpack was hanging loosely from his shoulders. His tight jeans were suffocating his legs and most likely his privates.
“You able to breathe in those? I asked and pointed to his jeans.
“Duh,” he replied, “Everyone wear’s these now.”
“If you say so.”
We walked into the kitchen and Stan began to make himself a sandwich. He spread the mayonnaise across the top and filled it with slices of meat. It made me hungry, but I suppressed my urge to eat something.
“How’s school going?”
“Not bad. I got a new girlfriend who I met from history class. I really want to fuck her.” His adolescent grin showed that he was planning something in his head.
“You’re terrible. I thought you were going out with that other girl who always went to your volleyball games?”  I knew he was thinking about his new girlfriend instead of my previous question about school.
“She got boring. I’m done with her,” he replied.
“God you suck,” I said and shook my head, “I’m sure dad’s teaching you how to be a gentleman.”
Not paying attention to my comment, Stan asked, “So mom and dad left, right?” It was impossible to engage in a serious conversation with him.
“Yes they did. Why do you ask?”
“Just checking. I was thinking about having some people over tomorrow night.” Stan set the bread to the side and began putting lettuce and tomatoes in his sandwich.
“Um… No you aren’t because I’m having a party and you will not be participating. You should be at your friends. I’m not dealing with teenagers and all that bullshit.”
“If you don’t let me, I’m calling mom and dad,” he replied.
“You little shit.”
“Either you let me join you or I’m calling mom and dad. And then I’m going to tell grandma.”
“What if I tell mom and dad about your plans?”
“I was going to have a couple friends over. You’re throwing a party.”
“Ok fine,” I sighed, “But stay away from everything. Your little teeny friends need to know this too.”
“Can you buy us some alcohol?” Stan asked completing his sandwich and holding it in front of his face.
“You wish. I’ll give you some at the party as long as you shut up about everything.” I watched him eat his sandwich that was stacked with ham, mayonnaise, lettuce, and tomatoes. His bite into the middle of the sandwich made my stomach growl. “I thought you had volleyball practice?”
“We don’t have any games this weekend,” he replied, “Plus I wouldn’t miss a party.”
“Shut up,” I replied, “You’ll get your fun in by staying in your room.”
The gate phone rang. I knew it was Kate.
“Who is it?”
“It’s me!” yelled Kate. Her voice was loud over her rap music.
I hung up and pushed the gate button.
“That your friend?” Stan said, “She sounds hot.”
“You’re stupid,” I replied, “Just stay away.” The thought of Stan flirting with my friends irritated me more than I already was with him. I began to walk out the kitchen, no longer wanting to deal with teenagers. 
“You getting lipo with mom?” asked Stan.
“What’d you say?”
“She got a bunch of lipo and is getting more. She also got a boob job.” 
“I saw Stan. And why did you think I was going to get lipo with mom?”
“Just thought you were,” replied Stan.
It was quiet for a moment. Stan took another bite into his sandwich.
“I’m going to meet Kate outside,” I said and walked to the front door.
“Give her my number Peggy.”
“In your dreams.”
I opened the door to see Kate walk up to the door dressed in a loose shirt with fishnets that revealed her back. Wearing oversized star shaped glasses, she was looking up at the statue that my dad had bought.
“What the hell is this?” she asked.
“Just keep walking. It’s not important,” I replied.
“Haha, that naked statue is trying to make some sort of statement.” While she was admiring the statue she dug into her purse and handed me some mini umbrellas.
“What the fuck? Why do I need these?” I asked.
“If you decide to make any margaritas for the party. I thought they were cute.”
“Thanks,” I said and took her mini umbrellas from her hand, “Anyways, I’m throwing a big party here tomorrow.”
“Isn’t that a must when you have a house to yourself that isn’t yours?”
“I suppose so,” I grinned, “With a lot of hot guys and alcohol.” 
“This weekend is going to be awesome!” Kate said. She hugged me, and we started hopping up and down together.
“Ok ok,” I said laughing, “That’s enough. I need you to do me a favor this weekend.” I stopped her before we walked inside.
“What’s that?”
“Help me watch my little brother for the party. He’s going to be here and there’s no telling what shit he could get me into.
“Oh that’s no problem. We’ll just give him a couple shots and he’ll be out.”
“You’re so bad,” I said to her, “Sadly, it might come down to that. But promise me you’ll help keep an eye on him.” My voice had a sense of worry to it.
“I promise,” replied Kate.
“Ok, thanks.”
We walked inside and Stan was finishing up his sandwich. 
“Hi Stan, this is Kate,” I introduced.
“Hey Kate,” Stan said and then devoured the last big piece of his sandwich. We watched him have difficulty with chewing it, but he finally swallowed most of it.
“I’m gonna head to my room. Nice to meet you Kate,” Stan said politely.
I stopped him, “Kate’s gonna be looking out for you at the party, so nothing sneaky.”
“Yeah, whatever,” he replied, “It’ll be a good time no matter what. I’m looking forward to it. Now if you’ll excuse me.”
“By your command King,” I replied sarcastically.
Stan stopped, “Oh and forget about what I said earlier… you know, about the number thing.”
I remembered Stan’s stupid request to get me Kate’s number for him. “Shut up retard,” I said and pushed him into the hallway.
“Just saying,” Stan said shrugging his shoulders and walked into his room.
“What was that about?” asked Kate.
“Nothing. My little brother is stupid,” I replied.
“So your parents are in Australia?” Kate said changing the subject, “I would give my left tit to go there about now. I heard the men there are super sexy.”
“How do you know that?”
“Because they all are tan and have super nice bodies,” she replied.
“Too bad we can’t get some hot aussies to come to the party tomorrow night.”
“Well, I think you’ll be satisfied with some of the people that I invite,” Kate said confidently.
I smiled at her remark. “You know, if I were on an island by myself, I would totally choose you as my only thing I need, because you will find a way to make it interesting.” 
“Of course it would be me.”
I took a step back and hesitated, “Hey, uh… Do you want to get a gym membership with me next week?”
“You thinking about trying to lose weight? I might but I’m not the biggest fan of running ‘n stuff,” she said with honesty.
“Yeah, me too, but it might be healthy, don’t you think?”
“Yeah, maybe,” she said unwillingly, “I’ll think about it. There’s probably a lot of hot guys there.”
“That’s a definite plus.”
“You’re fine Peggy. You don’t need to work out,” she shrugged off the idea of exercising, “Let’s prepare for tonight.”
“What are we doing tonight?”
“So… A friend of mine is having a pool party and I thought this would be right up you’re alley. They have a pool bar so we’ll be getting fucked up in the water all night.”
“Sounds fun. I’m in.” I thought about how me being a lifeguard would be a good conversation starter.
“And guess who’s going to be there?” Kate questioned.
“Um… I don’t know Kate, just tell me,” I replied.
“The men’s swimming team! We are going to be surrounded by hot bodies all night!”
“That sounds terrific.”
“You don’t sound as excited as you should be,” challenged Kate.
“I am,” I said trying to form a smile but was still thinking of my weight, “Walk with me outside so I can check on jellybean.”
Kate followed me outside. “Your parents still have that old dog. She’s ancient now. How old is she?”
“Only seven,” I replied, “That’s not bad though. She’s got some years left on her.”
“Oh, I thought it was longer,” said Kate.
I slid the door open and we met Jellybean who was excited to see me again. She jumped on my leg and then sniffed Kate who didn’t like dogs at all.
“You’re such a baby,” I said laughing at Kate who was not enjoying Jellybean’s company. I picked up her ball and threw it out into the backyard. I could see there was still no sign of life in the guesthouse. I felt like I needed to check on my Grandma but didn’t want to invade her privacy.
Stan popped his head through the window, “Hey Peggy, I’m bringing over my girlfriend tonight so don’t come into my room later.”
“Shut up Stan. You need to ask Grandma before you do that.” I didn’t want him to bring over his girlfriend but knew he was going to anyways, and I didn’t want to have to watch him this weekend.
“Yeah I’ll ask her,” he said and shut the door.
Kate stared at me smirking trying to restrain herself from saying something. 
“What is it?” I asked Kate.
“I didn’t know your little brother was such a stud. I can’t wait till he gets older.”
“You’re disgusting. And he’s not a stud. He’s a little kid who likes to brag about every girl he sees,” I said, “Ninety nine percent of what he says this weekend will not be true at all.”
“Probably. He is pretty young, but then again, being young doesn’t mean anything anymore.”
I noticed jellybean waiting for me to throw her ball again. I chucked it in the air.
“Why would you touch that disgusting ball?” Kate said looking sick.
“I don’t know. You touch far worse disgusting things, so I should ask you the same question.” 
Kate giggled. She didn’t seem to care. “Let’s get something to eat,” she suggested.
“Sounds good,” I replied, “We have a shit load of stuff here.”
“Cool, let’s check it out.” 
Chapter 10
I sent out a mass text to everyone in my contact list regarding my party for tomorrow. I got back numerous confirmations and questions. 
Ted was the first one to respond back and texted:
Count me in for the win.
I didn’t respond back. I felt like he would rhyme whatever words were in his head to sound cool.
I sat alongside the mini bar and texted different party invitees back and forth.  I was more focused on tomorrow night than I was tonight. Many texts I received said that they would attend my party, though some said they were not; it was also hard to tell if the ones attending would show. I had to think of what was needed for a party and all the alcohol to get. I remembered my parents had some alcohol stored up in the kitchen but it wasn’t going to be enough. I would need to get a keg and a lot of hard alcohol. I also wanted to utilize my parent’s pool for the party, which always helped the party environment.
Kate was next to the pool with her feet dipping in the water and talking between two men. They were built big, but I couldn’t tell if they worked out or not. One was black and the other was white. When they got up to use the bathroom, I was able to get a better look and noticed they had on baggy shirts. It was difficult to tell if they had nice bodies, but I knew they were not on the swim team. Kate had a large black hat over her head and had it tilted to the side; her silky dress easily stated that she was not getting in the pool tonight. 
It was getting later in the night and I thought about my party for tomorrow, which made me want to go home and prepare. I walked over to the pool and rubbed Kate’s shoulders making it look provocative to her friends. “Hey girl, you mind if I take your car home for tonight? I’ll pick you up whenever.”
“You don’t want to stay? We have Ermin and Jackson here that say otherwise,” Kate said and put her arms around them.
The guys didn’t say anything and looked me up from toe to head.
“Nah, where your keys at?” I figured I wouldn’t make it a choice anymore and keep my words that I was going home.
Kate reached into her purse to the side of her and threw her keys up in the air. “I’ll call you if I need a ride but I’m sure one of these gentlemen will take me back home.”
“Ok thanks,” I replied, “Call me if you need anything.”
I walked away and watched Kate flirt with the two men. 
There were over one hundred people in the backyard; it made me want to copy the theme of the pool party and atmosphere, however, it missed music in the background for dancing. I left from the back gate and searched for Kate’s car. I vaguely remembered where we parked as my thumb continued to push the remote button to see if her car would light up in the dark. I followed the neighborhood streets down to the end where I finally spotted her car blinking.
I opened the door and sat down. I was slightly taller than she was, so I scooted the car seat back. On the dashboard was her credit card and a box of tampons was on the other side of the dashboard. She was idiotic to leave everything in an observable place. I pictured her calling me late at night for her credit card. I took out my phone to call her but there was no answer.
“Hey Kate it’s me. You left your credit card in here and your soon to be bloody tampons. Call me back please…” I stopped and realized I could go back and give it to her. “Ok never-mind, I’m coming back really quick.”
I hung up and pouted as I got out of the car. The door slammed behind me in the dark and quiet neighborhood. I walked back up the street past all the cars outside and returned to the backyard party. It was louder than I remembered; everyone was getting drunker and wilder it seemed. For once I was not involved in the party atmosphere and felt like an outcast as I approached the pool.
Kate was gone and had only left her black hat by the pool. The two men she was with had disappeared as well. I picked up her black hat and started walking around the party searching for her. I yelled out her name, hoping she would appear from somewhere.
I called her on the phone again but she didn’t answer, “Answer your phone bitch.” I walked around the pool and sat down near where Kate and her two male friends were. While waiting, I called again but hung up once it reached her voicemail.
The owner of the house was behind the mini bar. He was the only one who I was introduced to.  I approached his mini bar and asked, “Hey do you remember Kate? My friend?”
He shook his head yes. “Yeah why?”
“She disappeared on me and I can’t find her. Do you know where she is?”
“I saw her walk behind the house with those two frat guys. I wouldn’t walk behind there unless if you want to join,” he said laughing.
“Oh god,” I said and slammed my hands down on the bar, “Dammit Kate.”
“Hey hey!  Easy on the bar there,” he replied.
I left the bar and walked around the pool towards the side of the house. I knew she was fucking someone on the other side. I wanted to find her and throw her credit card at her face so I could leave. The backyard was a good size and had a path with tiki torches on the each side that led me around to the end. There was an old tree house and some bushes to the side.
I began to hear moans as I approached the side yard and instantly knew that was Kate; it was more of a choking sound than anything. I slowly crept to the other side of the bushes and peeked around to see Kate bent over by the black guy behind her. He was holding onto her sides and thrusting himself into her. To the front of her was the white guy. Kate was moaning from the pleasure behind her while stuffing a dick in her mouth.
I saw her purse on the ground, so I set her card inside, and then tried to creep away from the threesome without making a sound.
“Hey,” yelled the white guy who was facing me, “Come over here.”
The black guy turned around while continuing to thrust into Kate but was too involved in the threesome to care. Kate was in the middle and didn’t notice, though she was facing away and was unable to turn around.  I silenced the man by putting my finger over my mouth and walked backwards quietly. He looked confused as to why I barged in but also didn’t do anything because he was still getting a blowjob from Kate; his eyes began to close. I figured he wanted me to join and lick his balls. 
“Come here,” the white guy said to me again.
I flipped him off and walked out of his sight. I could hear Kate moan in the background as I walked back towards the pool. Part of me was turned on and the other part was disgusted.  I needed to talk with Kate about my party, but figured I would call her when I got home and ask her how being fucked by two guys felt, though I was curious to know what it was like. Her groaning sounds were going to be in my head all night. I decided to take some beers for the ride home.
Chapter 11
Waking up from a long sleep without interruption, I looked over my bed stand to see the clock blinking 11:30 in the morning. The window shades blocked most of the sunlight giving off the impression that it was twilight, and the smell of ocean was still fresh in my nose. I had made a good decision not to drink a lot last night, and knew I was going to need energy and stamina for tonight’s party. Arriving home early in the night and sleeping in my room until late morning reminded me of when I was in high school.
I headed to the kitchen for breakfast and poured myself a big bowl of cereal, drenching it with milk. I opened the freezer to find a carton of ice cream; it was cookies and cream. I sat at the table and devoured my cereal and then switched to ice cream. The quick taste of frozen delight made my teeth feel uncomfortable, but I continued eating.
I checked my phone to see plenty of texts from people regarding the party; some were from Kate. She was probably looking for her car since I had used it.
Hey Peggy   I’m getting a ride from the sexy frat boys and will be over later
She had sent it much later after her threesome. She didn’t specify if she would be home last night, this morning, or later today, though I figured she would be over sometime today. Her being in the middle of two guys plagued my morning thoughts.
Stan walked in the kitchen wearing a robe.
“What the hell are you wearing Stan?” I asked him as if he had purposefully interrupted my quiet morning.
“Um. A robe. Duh,” he said sneeringly.
“Do you wear that when mom and dad are here?” 
“Maybe I do or maybe I don’t,” he replied.
His girlfriend walked in the kitchen and moved her pink hair to the side. She gave me a quick smirk almost mocking me with her petite frame. 
“Who’s this,” I asked.
“Amanda, meet my sister Peggy,” Stan introduced.
“Hi,” I said to Amanda and then redirected her attention towards Stan, “So Stan, do you bring girls home when mom and dad are here?”
“Shut up Peg,” Stan replied, “It doesn’t matter.”
“It doesn’t now, apparently,” I said and continued to eat my ice cream.
“Oh! Cookies and cream,” said Stan’s girlfriend eying my breakfast, “That’s my favorite ice cream.”
“That’s good for you,” I said unenthused, “Because it’s all mine.”
Stan reached into the refrigerator and grabbed some snacks for him and his girlfriend. He then searched through the cupboards picking out more food.  I watched his bozo girlfriend look at Stan; she seemed like a leech with nothing better to do. Once Stan collected the food he wanted, he put his arm around her waist and directed her back down the hallway to his room.
“Hey Stan, have you seen Grandma?” I asked.
Stan stopped in the middle of the hallway with his girlfriend, “Nope, haven’t seen her,” he replied and then slapped his girlfriend’s ass, “C’mon babe.” He shut the door to his room.
I finished my ice cream and went outside to play with Jellybean. There were no signs of life in the guesthouse or around it. I wanted to go inside but I never knew what she was doing. No clothes were hanging from the windows or shoes near her front door. She must have taken a personal vacation, which meant one less thing I had to worry about. She could sometimes be a burden when she wanted attention. 
I threw Jellybean’s ball in the direction of the guesthouse.
Her tail wagged as she gallantly hopped through the grass and sniffed out the ball from under the bushes. Her life was very simple. Every day, Jellybean woke up and got fed. After eating, she would walk around the backyard and sniff whatever new scent arose. For dinner time, she waited on the patio for the arrival of her dinner; and then she would go to sleep. There was nothing special about her, besides her loyalty to her family. Her whole life existed on five acres of land and she had no desire to leave her territory.
I decided to walk over to the guesthouse to look for any signs of my grandma; her car was parked in the back of the house.  Jellybean followed me at my feet as a beautiful orange and black butterfly flew from the bush and fluttered along the grass. Jellybean used her nose to follow the butterfly.
I walked to the door and knocked as hard as I could. I mainly wanted to make sure she would not interfere with the party for tonight. I thought about buying her a movie to entertain her. She was a sucker for terrible old shows and would stay glued to the TV until she fell asleep. 
I waited with Jellybean on the front porch as she ran around my feet. Her interest in the butterfly had disappeared and attention was on the guesthouse.
I impatiently rested my hands on my waist and then knocked again. 
“Grandma!” I yelled.
No answer. 
I looked down at Jellybean. “Looks like grandma’s got a big date.”
I tiptoed along the side of the house and approached the side window to sneak a peek inside. The living room was vacant with no signs of activity. Sunlight shined through the windows on each side of the room with the old photos on the wall; many were black and white, full of families or self portraits. I noticed that she put her own antique furniture inside the guesthouse. A couch with dark wood spirals curled up at the end of the hand rests. The cushions were outdated and had separate colors on each one, reminding me of the wings on the butterfly.
“This place creeps me out,” I said to myself and stepped back from the guesthouse.
I headed back to my parent’s house with Jellybean still at my feet. We walked over to the clover shaped pool with the waterfall on the side. A raft floated in the middle with a cup holder on each side. I knew my mom had been tanning and day drinking. The pool was clean and had a few touch ups that would not take much time. I walked to the edge, shook off my sandal, and dipped my toes into the water. The water was a little warm but would make for a comfortable swim party at night.
I stared over at Stan’s room. As long as he wasn’t a problem, everything would go along smoothly. I wanted my parents to leave more often so I could pretend this was my own house. The thought of receiving my parent’s will when they died inspired me for when I grew old. I knew I would be in competition with Stan, and we would inevitably split our parent’s estate one day. He was always in competition with me when I thought about it.
I slid my sandals back on that were at the side of the pool and walked back into the house. I took out a piece of paper and pencil from the cabinets by the kitchen and began to make a list of things needed for tonight’s party. 
I wrote my list of priorities and reviewed it:
Keg/ice, Hard alcohol/mixers/cups, Music playlist/set up parents speakers, Tiki torches, Pool toys/tight men’s swim suits, Room for Jellybean with dog supplies, Video game for Stan and his slut to stay busy, Condoms
It didn’t seem like a lot but I knew it was going to take some work to set everything up. I tried to call Kate again to see if she was coming, but still there was no answer. She must have been recovering from last night. I decided to head to the store to acquire my party necessities.  
I walked over to Stan’s door and yelled, “I’ll be right back!” I didn’t care if he heard me but thought it was polite. Music was coming from his door so he probably didn’t.
I grabbed the money my parents left me and headed out to the store.
Chapter 12
Kate finally came over to my house, which was slightly before the party and after I had finished setting everything up; it wasn’t much work but I would had liked to have her available to help. I didn’t mention her episode last night of being double penetrated by two frat boys, and it seemed too embarrassing, like I had been spying on her. After Kate arrived, Ted was one of the first guests to show up to my party, and he brought a couple friends and his brother that was visiting.
The Keg was cooled, drinks were in the refrigerator, the backyard was set up with music, the pool was ready, Stan was in his room playing video games, and Jellybean was locked up safely, though I still checked on her every now and then. Stan’s girlfriend had left and a few visiting friends of his were in his room playing the video games I had bought for him. I knew they were going to come out once it started getting louder.
The house was sectioned off with limited access. Everyone had to stay in the front of the house or in the living room; they also had the choice to explore the backyard where the pool was. I was interested to see what was going to be the most popular spot.
“Nice job on the alcohol selection Peggy,” complimented Kate. She held a mixed drink with whiskey in her hand that was from my parent’s kitchen. Her nails were painted pink and she had some rings on her fingers.
“Why are you wearing those?” I asked.
Kate glanced down at her hand. “My rings?”
“Yeah, I’ve never seen those before.” I thought of how much money her hands were worth at the moment.
“I don’t know,” she laughed, “It looks elegant, don’t you think?”
“Maybe,” I replied. My attention changed from Kate’s hands to a group of people that walked in from my work. They passed by me without saying hi and immediately surrounded the keg on the backyard porch.
“They didn’t even say hi to me,” I complained.
“Fuck em,” Kate said.
“Yeah, I’ll let them know how impolite they were once I drink some more,” I said bravely.
Kate laughed. I could tell she was looking around and already setting up her options for available men at the party. I remembered her telling me her strategy when we were drunk, and how she used probability to classify the men who she thought she would have the most success with. The only problem was that I was drunk and forgot most of what she was telling me.
I tried to signal the attention of the group near the keg, but nobody noticed me.
“Yeah, so far you’ve invited lame people,” Kate said. She looked around more and then waited for me to explain myself.
I shrugged my shoulders and poured her a drink. “Do you think we should go outside to see if everyone else will go out there to dance?”
“Give it some time,” Kate responded, “It’s still early in the night.”
“Hey Peggy!” a girly voice hollered behind me.
I turned around to see Elisa in jeans and a cute little shirt. I hadn’t called her so she must have got my information from other lifeguards at work. I remembered listening to her boring story from work before our meeting. She looked different, mostly because her hair was straightened and combed nicely. 
“Hey Elisa,” I said feeling my liveliness being sucked out of me.
Kate butted in, “I love your hair girl.”
Elisa brushed through her hair and twirled it with her fingers. She was blushing and smiling, “Thanks.” 
I sighed, “Elisa this is Kate, and Kate this is Elisa.”
“Nice to meet you,” Elisa said to Kate.
Kate gave her a half smile. “Time to get some more alcohol.” I watched Kate walk to the kitchen while Elisa was still looking at me and waiting to get my attention.
“You house is so beautiful,” she said.
I looked around and stretched out my hands to display everything, “Yeah, it’s all mine.”
“Cool! You should give me the tour,” Elisa suggested.
“I’d rather not.” I had no reason not to but I was in no mood to talk to her. I didn’t say my reason why I didn’t want to walk her around the house and instead looked the other way. Besides, Elisa was an annoying person. 
Ted walked over and joined us. “Hey guys, real cool party Peggy.”
I watched Elisa introduce himself to Ted. They stared at each other for a delayed moment.
“A pleasure to meet you. May I interest you in another drink?” Ted asked.
Elisa formed a smile, “I’m fine. This one is holding me for now.” She laughed and brightly looked back at Ted. There was an unusual sense of chemistry between the two.
“I’m guessing you work with Peggy?” Ted asked Elisa. 
“That would be correct. We are really good friends,” she said.
I wanted to reply back and tell her she wasn’t my friend. She seemed to always approach me whenever I was moody. Or perhaps she made me grouchy. I never once talked to her on my own terms or asked her to do anything with me.
“That’s cool. Me and Peggy go way back,” Ted said.
I didn’t want to be with these two at my party the whole night. I decided to say a few things and then follow Kate to the kitchen. “Ted is a great surfer. I’m sure you’ve seen him out in the ocean destroying the waves.”
“Oh really?” Elisa said with a gleam in her eyes, “And for how long have you known Ted?”
“Um, I don’t know. For a long time,” I replied. I had no interest in any of this conversation.
“We should all go surfing one day!” Elisa cheered, “It would totally be fun!”
“Nah, I prefer swimming if anything now a days,” I said.
“Aww, c’mon Peg,” Ted said, “We haven’t gone surfing together since we were in high school.”
“Maybe someday,” I replied.
I turned around, looking for better people. I wanted to leave Ted and Elisa and join Kate.
“Hey Peggy,” Elisa asked, “You ever have any problems with the neighbors?”
“No why?”
“No reason, I just don’t like the threat of getting in trouble with the police for anything.”
“We are pretty spaced out in the neighborhood. There shouldn’t be a reason for them to call the cops,” I replied.
“It should be fine,” convinced Ted. His voice sounded purposefully soothing like he was trying to impress Elisa. “It’s not like anybody is doing anything illegal here.”
“Not yet,” I joked. 
Elisa’s eyes widened while Ted chuckled. He then stopped after he noticed that Elisa had a serious look on her face. 
“But seriously, it’s fine Elisa,” I reiterated. She reminded me of an annoying little kid worried of the consequences.
“Hold on a sec,” Ted said, “I’ll be right back.” He made his way over to his brother who had run outside. It looked as if Ted was watching over him for the night.
Elisa smiled, “I’m usually always with my boyfriend, and since he can’t come out tonight, I feel kind of vulnerable for some reason. That’s probably why I’m so paranoid.”
“Yeah that sucks,” I said entertaining her dependence for another guy.
“Who was that man that just left again?” Elisa asked.
“Ted, the surfer,” I replied.
“He is very nice,” Elisa said. Her eyes wondered around the room looking for Ted. She then started talking again before I was able to leave her. “My boyfriend was telling me that there are so many drunk drivers out at this time of night. I’m sure if we walked outside, we ‘d see so many.”
“Yeah sure,” I said bored, “And there’s going to be a shitload leaving this party. Cause they can’t stay here.”
Elisa had a frightened look on her face. “Let’s hope that doesn’t happen. I’m sure you’d be hospitable to the ones incapable of driving. By the way, I was talking with this guy at work and he said—”
I held up my hand interrupting her. “Can you hold that thought?” I knew she was beginning one of her boring stories. 
“Sure, what’s up?” she asked concerned.
“I need to check on something in the house. I’ll be right back.” I walked away, leaving Elisa before she could start her story.
There were a lot more people entering my house; only some were familiar. I enjoyed knowing that it was my party and everyone had to respect my rules or else they would be kicked out. It was fulfilling to know I had that power.
I pretended like I had something important to attend to and headed down the hallway where Jellybean was cooped up. I opened the door and peeked in the small laundry room. She greeted me at the door and returned to her padded bed in the corner. I pet her on the head and checked her food and water.
I walked back into the kitchen and decided to make myself a drink. Elisa was not there; she must have followed Ted to the backyard. Kate was to my side, talking to some of my co-workers. I poured vodka into a plastic cup and found the nearest drink to mix it with. It was going to be strong, but I enjoyed it.
“You see those two guys over there?” Kate asked and patted me on the shoulder.
“Yeah, why?” 
“Whatta mean why?” Kate said impatiently, “They are hot. We need to talk to them.”
“Ok then, let’s go,” I replied.
Kate finished her drink and poured herself a fresh one as I did the same. We approached the two guys standing against the wall. They both had on tank tops and I could see the sex appeal that attracted Kate. She was always after the guys with the hot bodies like I was. That was part of the reason why we made such a great team.
“Hey there,” Kate said with a flirtatious voice, “I’m Kate and this is Peggy. This is her house.”
“Oh cool,” said one of the guys. They both looked at each other uncomfortably. 
“What’s wrong?” asked Kate.
“Nothing,” the other guy replied. He shoved his friend forward and they walked away.
“What the fuck?” Kate said insulted.
“Kate, its fine,” I replied and held her back, “Like you said, ‘fuck em.’”
They stopped by the kitchen to get a drink and then walked outside.
“They should respect you since it’s your party,” Kate said.
“I don’t care,” I replied, “They’re probably douches anyways.”
“But I like douches,” whined Kate.
“There are a lot more guys here. And if you ask me, you’re jumping the gun a little too quickly. Give it some time.” I felt too sober with that statement.
“Some more men better come in,” she replied.
We both took gulps of our drinks and headed back to the kitchen. A new group of people I didn’t know walked in; they looked to be surfers.
“You notice there’s a lot of people just taking advantage of all the drinks?” Kate pointed out.
“Yeah, that’s the concept of a party. And you are too, so don’t give me that,” I replied finishing my drink and then reached for more vodka and a mixer.
“There’s a lot of it and we can always get more if needed,” she said.
“We should go try the keg beer in the backyard,” I suggested.
“Good idea,” Kate replied.
“Hey girls!” Elisa said behind us, “I thought I lost you.” She laughed and snorted a bit.
I rolled my eyes at Kate and turned around to greet her. “We are always around!” I said pretending to be enthusiastic. 
“We were just heading over to check out the keg so we’ll catch up with you later,” Kate said.
“See ya,” I added.
“I’ll come with you then,” Elisa said putting her hand on my shoulder.
“Great,” I said sarcastically. I huffed and followed Kate outside.
“You have such a pretty backyard,” I heard Elisa yell behind me.
I ignored her.
Ted was outside on the porch with his brother. He waved at us and met Kate and I at the keg.
“Howdy ho,” he said.
I heard Elisa laugh at his greeting.
“This is my brother Rich,” Ted introduced.
We all said hi and then Kate grabbed the tap of the keg and began pouring her drink. After she filled hers up, she poured me a drink.
“Peggy, you and Kate look like raging alcoholics,” said Ted, “A drink for each hand?”
He was right but I didn’t care. I shrugged my shoulders with Kate and we sipped both our drinks.
“You guys sure do drink a lot,” added Elisa.
“So what,” Kate replied. She took another gulp of her drink.
“Hope you don’t get a hangover. I heard if you drink lots of water before you go to sleep, it helps,” Elisa said. She looked over at Ted for an additional supportive comment.
“Thanks for the great advice doctor,” I said and took a gulp from both cups. I knew I was getting buzzed.
“Telling Peggy to do something when she’s drinking is like talking to a tree,” Ted said.
Elisa laughed at Ted’s awful joke.
Kate whispered into my ear, “Hotties across the way.”
I looked over Ted’s head and saw what Kate was talking about. There were three of them all decent looking with excellent bodies.
“I can tell you two are busy hunting,” Ted said, “Rich and I are going to check out the pool.”
Rich stood behind Ted without saying anything. He must have been shy and wasn’t drinking. I would have called him out if I had more alcohol in my system.
“You going with them Elisa?” I asked her with a demanding tone.
“I’ll hang with you guys for awhile,” she replied. She started swaying with the music and watched Ted walk away with his brother. Ted talked to him almost like he was lecturing him.
“Whatever you want,” Kate said finishing her beer already. She poured herself another and topped me off. We always drank excessively at social occasions; probably the fastest.
“Want something to drink?” Kate asked Elisa.
“No, I’m good,” she replied. 
“Weak,” sighed Kate.
“Hey Elisa,” I said and winked at Kate, “We are going to go talk to some guys over there. Follow our lead.” I finished my vodka drink and threw it down on the floor. I grabbed Kate’s hand and pulled her towards the group of guys she had spotted.
“You dropped your cup,” Elisa said.
“Don’t worry about it and follow us,” I directed.
Kate laughed and fixed her hair. Elisa hopped forward to keep up with us as we walked quickly to the other side of the backyard porch. We stopped near the group of guys and formed our own three person group next too theirs.
“What are we doing again?” asked Elisa.
“Just having some fun,” Kate responded. She dug into her purse that was hanging on her shoulder and purposely dropped some makeup materials on the ground.
I watched Elisa react to Kate’s makeup to try to pick it up but I held her back with my hand. One of the guys from the group bent down and picked it up. He pushed everything together without breaking anything and handed what he had to Kate. The other friends scanned the ground to make sure nothing was missing.
“Oh, thanks,” Kate said overdramatically.
“No problem,” said one of the guys. He had darker hair that was combed like a wave. He turned back around once he had helped Kate pick everything up.
“Did you do that on purpose?” asked Elisa.
“Ya think?” Kate said back with attitude.
The dark haired guy turned back around laughing. “What’s your name?”
“Me?” I asked. I didn’t know if he was addressing Kate or me.
“No you,” he said and pointed at Elisa.
She giggled and responded, “Elisa. Thanks for asking.”
“You’re hot. Why don’t you come over here and have a drink with me,” he said.
“I’m flattered,” she said politely, “But I have a boyfriend. I’m just hanging out with my two friends.”
“Oh,” he said disappointed and turned back around.
“This sucks,” Kate said.
We walked back inside and made some more drinks in the kitchen. Elisa watched us mix everything together as we forced the alcohol down our throats. I needed a little more alcohol in my system to tell Elisa to leave us alone. I was confused as to why Kate was tolerating her as well. Usually, she was bold to tell people to leave when she was annoyed. Elisa was an attractive girl and she was the spotlight when she stood next to Kate and me.
After finishing a drink, I made another drink so I could have a drink in each hand again. Elisa stared at us bewildered. 
“Yeah we drink a lot,” I said to her like she was judging us.
Kate was already talking to some guy to the side of us. She somehow always sneaked herself into someone’s drunken life at a party.
Elisa was admiring the phone on the counter, “You still have a landline when you use your cell phone?”
“It’s my parents,” I replied annoyed, but remembered that I had told her it was my house.
“Oh I didn’t know this was your parent’s house,” said Elisa.
I shushed her, feeling drunk, “Don’t announce it to the entire party.”
“Sorry.” She started biting her lip.
“It’s actually my phone though…” I stopped and looked at the blinking light. It had some messages on it. “Oh shit,” I said impulsively and grabbed the phone off the hook. “I’ll be back,” I said to Elisa and walked down the hallway where it was quieter. I pushed the button to hear the messages and pressed the phone against my ear. I checked my cell phone while waiting and saw I had some missed calls as well.
I heard the phone beep and waited for the message:
“Hey everyone! It’s mom and dad. We made it safely to Australia and were checking in. Whoever gets this, call us immediately. I want to see how grandma is. Since Stan doesn’t check the phone and grandma doesn’t know how to, I’m expecting Peggy to give me a call back. So Peggy; remember to make sure Jellybean has everything she needs and that grandma takes her medication. It’s in the top drawer in the kitchen. Make sure Stan gets to his volleyball game on Monday and the yard workers are there early in the morning. Hope everyone in the house is doing wonderful. We’ll see you in a week. “
I heard my dad say something in my background.
“Hold on, say it again,” said my mom with her voice away from the speaker.
My dad cleared his throat, “And no funny business. I’ll be asking grandma about everything that happens.”
“Oh stop it,” my mom said, “Anyways, give my cell a call back as soon as you get this.”
Another message started:
“Hey everyone, its mom again. Please, someone answer. Peggy?” She waited a moment. “Ok give us a call back whenever you get this.”
I heard my dad in the background. 
I could tell my mom handed him the phone.
“Peggy? Stan? Give us a call back. Just checking in… Ok bye.” My dad hung up the phone.
Another message followed from my parents again. I turned off the phone and walked back into the kitchen. Kate was playing a drinking game with some new people that had walked in. Elisa was next to her holding a bottle of water. She must have taken it from my refrigerator.
I grabbed my drinks I had left on the counter and finished them off. I poured myself another mixed drink and began to slurp it down.
“Hey Peggy!” Elisa greeted me, “We missed ya.”
“I’m sure you did,” I replied, “Geez, get a beer.”
Elisa looked at her water and then took a drink of it, but I knew she wasn’t going to get a beer. Kate was hanging on a new guy I hadn’t seen before. He looked uncomfortable and seemed like he was not going to last long in Kate’s grasp. He was Asian but I could tell that he worked out. He probably had a stunning body. Ted was at the other side of Elisa telling a story to his small audience. 
I started thinking about the message my parents had left me. I didn’t know how I was suppose to find my grandma if she wasn’t home, and second, I didn’t give two shits if the yard workers missed a day out of the week to keep the house up.
I left the kitchen and walked down the hallway to Stan’s room. I knocked on his door and waited. His head peaked through as he slowly cracked it open more.
“Let me in,” I said and pushed the door open. Stan fell backwards into the wall.
“What the hell Peggy,” he screamed.
“Shut up,” I replied, “What are you guys doing in here?”
His two friends were sitting on his bed passing a bottle of vodka back and forth. Stan eyes were squinting and he looked drunk. He walked over to his friends and grabbed the bottle of vodka and took a swig.
“I see you’ve found the alcohol,” I said crossing my arms.
“We have. And what are you going to do about it?” Stan challenged.
“Nothing. I don’t care as long as you throw up in your own room,” I said and paused. “So the reason I came barging into your gay little party is because mom and dad called and I was wondering if you had called them?”
“Why would I do that” he slurred.
“Ok, that’s what I thought,” I replied, “And you still haven’t seen grandma?”
“I already told you Peggy,” he replied, “No.” His eyes were closing together as he sat on his bed next to his drunken friends.
“Keep an eye out for her,” I said, “I would hate it if she walked into the house right now.”
“Yeah ok.” 
We were at least in agreement with grandma, though he was more incoherent than I was.
“Don’t drink too much Stan,” I warned, “you are going to feel like shit tomorrow.”
“Too late,” he replied laughing. His nitwit friends laughed at his remark.
“God, why do I have a younger brother,” I said and walked out. 
I shut the door behind him and returned to the kitchen. Kate was standing next to the island counter and was striking up conversations with everyone around her. Elisa and Ted were talking, which gave me some free time to be away from them.
I stood and watched the party go by around me. There were different conversations, outbursts of laughter, screaming, noises of bottles, music, and singing. Everything was happening all at once and I was in the middle of it. I waited for Kate to introduce me so I could start a conversation with someone or meet a good looking guy that could sweep me off my feet, but I knew that wasn’t realistic. I had to find that person myself.
I continued to wait for Kate to recognize me and bring me into her conversation with everyone, but she continued to ignore me. I decided to make myself another drink instead. My previous drink was most likely lost, and frankly I didn’t remember where I had left it. 
After pouring a drink, I tried to get Kate’s attention, “Hey Kate.”
She didn’t respond.
“Kate!” I yelled at her again.
She finally recognized me and switched her positioning in my direction so I could be involved in the fun. “Everyone, this is Peggy,” Kate announced, “She is the party host!”
Every person around the table applauded while some drank to me.
“Thanks,” I said, and then couldn’t think of anything else to add.
Soon after, we started a drinking game at the dining table. A deck of cards were faced down and spread out in a circle with a giant pitcher in the middle that was increasingly being filled with beer. I sat next to Kate, and to my other side was a suitably attractive black guy named Jamal. He had a thin mustache with a small gap in the middle; everything else on him was clean cut. He looked like he knew how to rock a girl in bed all night.
Whenever I heard everyone shout ‘drink,’ I took a breath and then chugged along with everyone else tilting their drinks to their mouths. I didn’t understand the game but Jamal helped me walk through it whenever it was my turn to draw a card. He was sweet but I could tell he wasn’t interested in me. I usually attracted the most desperate and horny guys but I tried to not think of that theory.
While trying to feel Jamal’s ripped arm, I grabbed a card on the table and flipped it face up. 
“You drew the giant cup Peggy!” yelled Jamal. He stood up and began chanting chug as he set the pitcher of beer in front of me. Everyone cheered and chanted along with Jamal. I let out a laugh and then stared at the giant pitcher in front of me that had at least four beers in it.
“I can’t do that,” I said, “Why the fuck does this game exist? The one loser gets really screwed.”
“Just chug it,” Kate said swaying in her chair and looking happily drunk.
“Fuck you.”
“Just do it!” I heard some people around the table say.
“Fine,” I conceded. I held the pitcher up and took a deep breath.
The chants of ‘chug’ began to consume the entire house.
“Fuck me,” I said before I put the pitcher to my mouth.
The beer had been sitting in the big pitcher all night so it was not cold at all. I let it pass through my mouth and down my throat as my head filled with alcohol and my belly expanded with liquid. Everyone continued to chant and watched me force large quantities of beer into my body. I looked over at Jamal who was now filming me with his phone.
I drank half of the pitcher and then stopped. I felt the beer churn in my stomach with the pizza I had eaten earlier. It all began lifting as a pocket of air rose from my chest. I burped it out of my mouth. 
“Oh shit! She’s gonna pop!” yelled Jamal.
“Don’t throw up on me!” Kate said and pushed me away from the table.
I quickly put my hand over my mouth and ran to the door that led to the backyard. I could hear everyone following behind me laughing while others were making disgusted sobs.
I ran between a couple talking closely together and shoved them apart. 
“Move it!” I yelled as I approached the sliding door that was already open. A few people were about to come inside the house but they quickly retreated back outside to let me run through. My side slammed against the door as I squeezed through clumsily but continued to bend the frame and crack the glass. The door handle was hanging off the frame which looked like it was no longer going to shut.
Fighting to regain my balance, I awkwardly sprinted into the grass and uphurled the beer that was swirling in my stomach and chest. I took in a deep breath and heaved another batch of beer, mixers, and pizza that had been disturbed.
The backyard quieted as everyone observed my repulsive display. Some partiers from inside the house ran outside to watch me throw up in the bushes. I could hear individual voices express their disgust for throw up; others incited me to puke more.
“Ugh!” I gasped, upset that I was forced to drink that impossible tower of beer. 
“Somebody get the hose!” I heard someone joke.
“Fuck you,” I said with difficulty and my head still in the bushes.
I began to dry heave after I was finished and tried to wipe the throw up and snot from my face. I rubbed my hand in the bush and then into the grass so I wouldn’t get more on my clothes.
“I’m posting this shit,” yelled Jamal laughing.
“Don’t…” I trailed off and focused on my breathing to gain back control of myself. My hand was in the air trying to block Jamal from filming me.
I finally stood up and turned around to an applauding crowd. I felt embarrassed that I threw up at my own party. Everyone was watching, and Jamal recorded the humiliating experience.
In front of the crowd was Stan grinning wide as he drunkenly clapped his hands.
“You!” I pointed at him with anger, “Get back in your room!”
Most people were confused and looked around, unaware to whom I was pointing at. Stan took a step back and tried to blend in with the crowd, but I walked forward with my hand still pointing at Stan. People standing next to him began moving away from him.
“You and your stupid friends need to go back in your room!” I commanded.
“You just threw up drunko,” Stan responded with laughter as he tried to focus his eyes on me. He looked around and noticed his friends were no longer next to him. His body began swaying and his eyes looked crossed.
I grabbed his arm with a tight grip and pulled him inside towards the broken door. I noticed the dent on the door handle and the crack in the window. That was going to come out of my own pocket.
“Eew! You just barfed on that hand Peggy! Stop touching me!” he screamed.
“Get back in your fucking room!” I yelled.
“I will! Just stop touching me!”
I didn’t listen to him and pulled him down the hallway and into his room. Stan ran to his bed and sat down afraid. He had never seen this side of me before.
“And tell your stupid friends if I see them outside, I’m kicking them out if they don’t join you in your room!”
“I’m calling them right now. Calm down Peggy,” Stan said.
“I’m far from calm Stan!”
“Geez, ok.” His body was leaning away from me and his eyes struggled to follow me as I walked out.
“Stay in here!” I slammed his door and staggered into the bathroom across the hallway to touch up. The remains of throw up were on my shirt, some starting to dry along my arm.  I washed my hands and scrubbed everything off. I then took out the hairdryer and blew my shirt dry. After scrubbing and drying myself, I still reeked of puke. The bathroom looked like a mess from everyone who had used it, and the toilet seat was down with piss all over it. 
Upon my exit from the bathroom, I brushed shoulders with a girl who was going into the bathroom. “Watch it skank,” I mumbled.
I returned back to the kitchen where Jamal was, who was the first to acknowledge me. His comical outburst sparked laughter from the rest of the crowd in the kitchen. I didn’t know where Kate had gone but I didn’t care at this point.
“How about another beer?” asked Jamal.
“Sure, why the fuck not,” I replied with courage.
“You got to see this video, girl,” said Jamal.
“I don’t care. I’m going to get some keg beer.” I shunned Jamal away and headed to the backyard.
The sliding door was broken and bent; nobody tried to move it. The porch was swarming with people talking loudly with one another. At this point, I hardly recognized most of the people at my party.
“Move it guys. House owner and supplier of alcohol,” I announced and walked towards the keg.
“Kegs tapped,” said one of the guys sitting on the keg. He had a backwards cap on and stretched his back up high in the air. I didn’t know why he was sitting on my keg.
“It’s not a seat. I’m sure nobody wants to drink out of a tap where your ass is,” I said.
“So what,” he replied.
“So what? My house and my rules, or get out. Comprende?”
He stood up and walked back into the house with his friend.
I wanted to find Kate to make me feel better, but she was nowhere to be found. I discovered a full beer in a cup resting on a table near the keg. I picked it up and walked towards the pool hoping to find her.
I guy without a shirt ran pass me and yelled with his fist pumping in the air.
“You’re hot,” I said to him as he continued to run towards the house.
My feet felt heavy as I stumbled along the path that led to the pool. There were a handful of people in the pool attempting to play volleyball without the net. Some of the girls wore skimpy bikinis. The men were all tan and muscular. 
I stood along the side and watched.
Kate was at side of the pool with her feet in the water talking with another guy, most likely her partner for the night. They were uninterested in the volleyball game and continued to intimately look into each other’s eyes, though I was sure it was more lustfully.
“Thanks for making sure I was ok,” I said as I approached Kate. I knew she had no intention of helping me when I was puking in the backyard.
“Whatever, it’s not my duty. Plus I’m sure you’re fine,” she said brightly.
I sat down next to her. “Hey, I’m Peggy,” I said to the guy next to her. He had his ears pierced and his hair glued into a mohawk. 
“Sup,” he replied.
“We should have come out here earlier. It’s better than the assholes inside,” I said.
Kate was getting her leg rubbed by her friend with the mohawk. He didn’t have a pretty face and he looked like trash, and the mohawk was an instant turnoff. The intimate moment with Kate and her friend made me want to find a guy for myself. I decided to change into my swimsuit and wash away the smell of puke that lingered around me so I could begin my drunken hunt.
After changing from behind the pool house, I jumped in at the side of the pool so I didn’t interfere with the volleyball game. My head popped up as I wiped the water off my face and looked for a spot to admire the guys playing volleyball. I leaned my back against the wall and rested my arms along the pool deck.
Before I could rest my head back, I noticed Elisa walking towards me. She waved at me and began quickening her pace to talk with me. She knelt down to where I was. “I’ve been looking for you! You threw up and disappeared on me.”
I dipped my head underwater and pulled my hair back. “Can you hand me my beer Elisa?” I asked dismissing her concern for me.
She looked behind her and hesitated at first, but finally retrieved my beer and carefully handed it to me.
I chugged it down and threw it off to the side. “I’m fine.”
“You’re crazy Peggy,” she replied, “So, I gotta go cause I’m tired, but thanks for hanging out with me. We should go catch a movie next week together.”
“Who knows,” I said, “Or maybe we won’t see a movie together.”
I dropped my head back underwater and pushed off the wall to the other side of the pool. I didn’t want her to say goodbye, or anything else. My eyes were closed underwater as I weightlessly streamlined and felt the water calmly pass over my body. I held my hands out waiting for the wall but instead bumped into a body that stopped my progress. The hairy legs were oversized and manlike.
I jumped up from the bottom and popped up above water. I wiped the front of my eyes to see a muscular man incidentally blocking my way. He wasn’t tall but looked like a body builder.
“Watch it,” he said.
“This is my pool so you watch it,” I replied back quickly.
“Oh sorry,” he apologized, “What are you doing anyways?”
“Getting in a swim I guess,” I dropped my eyes down to his stomach and then glanced back into his eyes. I knew he was studying me as well, except I was drunker. “You have an amazing body. How do you keep it like that?” I was immediately turned on by him.
“About two hours in the gym every day and a steady eating habit of protein,” he replied.
“Can I feel your abs?” I felt like the alcohol was talking for me at this point.
“Sure,” he replied and stepped forward pushing his belly out for me.
I began rubbing his belly and went up his chest. I could feel the prickly hairs that he had shaved over his front body. He would probably be bushy if he didn’t shave.
“That feels pretty good,” he said.
“Does it? How about this?” My hand went under his waistline as I brushed my hand over his cock and looked into his eyes. I felt a burp uprising, but I suppressed it, trying not to ruin the moment.
Stepping forward without hesitation, he replied, “It feels great.”
I grabbed his dick and stoked it back and forth. I could feel it grow in my hand. His breathing got heavier and looked down on me with utter surrender. I playfully smiled while licking my lips. My eyes were deadlocked on his, waiting for him to make the next move.
“Peggy!” I heard Stan’s voice yell behind me.
I quickly yanked my hand out of his pants and turned around to Stan who had interrupted me.
“What is it!?” I yelled at him with a low tone ready to rise. I turned back to the muscle man forcing a smile, “One moment please.”
He shrugged his shoulders and swam back into the volleyball game.
Stan continued to walk along the edge carefully but drunk. 
“What!” I said again angrily.
“It’s… It’s everyone from inside. They’re getting out of hand.”
“What do you mean?” I asked unconcerned and looked for the muscle man, “You should be in your room.”
“Shut up about that and listen to me Peggy! There are people breaking shit inside and fighting. I don’t know what type of people you invited but they are ruining the house.”
“What the fuck,” I said and jumped out of the pool. I took one last glance at the muscle man to make sure he wasn’t going anywhere. 
“Be right back!” I yelled at him. 
He didn’t hear me.
“Ok show me. This better be worthy of me getting out of the pool,” I said to Stan. I looked one last time at the muscle man wading in the pool; he didn’t seem to be going anywhere. I could still feel his cock in my hand.
“It’s worthy,” Stan replied. We both drunkenly walked back into the house.
We stepped inside the kitchen that was full of trash and empty cups. A lot of the plates and glasses were out of the cupboards, and there were screams and cheers coming from the living room. We turned the corner to a circle of people cheering on two guys fighting in the middle.
“What the fuck guys!” I yelled. I tried to squeeze through everyone but it was no use. 
“Go back in the pool,” yelled a guy with a backwards cap. He resisted my advance into the group of people fighting and held me back until he finally pushed me away. 
I realized I was still in my swimsuit.
Another guy looked at me and laughed. He tapped his friend on the shoulder and shouted with a comical tone, “And this is why fat people should not wear swim suits.”
“Fuck you! I heard that!” I shouted back.
“What do we do?” Stan asked from behind me.
“The only thing we can do. Go to your room Stan,” I said and guided him into his room. I then ran to the kitchen to where the phone was and called the police.
While waiting to be connected, I walked out to the front gate that was open and waited for the cops to arrive.
Chapter 13
After the cops had broken up the party, I began to realize how littered and disorganized the house was inside and outside. Tired and unwilling to clean the house, I kicked the empty cups and broken glass in the hallway against the wall. The majority of people had scattered from the party and a few that resisted the police were arrested. There were still some remaining people waiting for the commotion to calm down.
It was almost two in the morning and things hadn’t gone the way as I had planned. The house was a disaster, no alcohol was left, and worst of all, telling the cops what had happened had sobered me up. Talking to the cops in my swim suit was almost as embarrassing as making up a story to get people to leave.
I checked on Stan who was asleep in his bed, and close by were his friends passed out on the ground. It was relieving they were not around when the police had arrived or else I would have been in more legal trouble. I quietly closed Stan’s door feeling like a mother overlooking her son.
I remembered that the muscle man was waiting in the pool for me. As I headed outside, there were empty cups everywhere. To the side of the back patio was another full cup of beer that I picked up and started drinking. I could hear voices at the pool but it wasn’t full of energy as before. Thrilled that the muscle man could still be there, I moved my feet faster into a jog.
At this point, my swim suit was already dry from dealing with the rowdy party people and then having to wait outside for the police. There were too many friends of friends that had shown up that didn’t give a shit about anything. The mess they had created was going to take time to clean, but I decided to worry about everything tomorrow. Stan and his friends were going to help me whether they wanted to or not. I still didn’t know where Kate had run off to, and I’m sure Ted had bailed once I had thrown up. He was smart to leave social occasions early when there was alcohol involved; so was Elisa. I remembered seeing other people from work leaving but they didn’t care to say hi or bye.
I approached the pool to see more of a relaxed environment. Nobody was playing volleyball; most were lying around and talking amongst each other. The muscle man had left, and I figured he didn’t want to wait around for me, though it would have been enjoyable to have him with me for the night. Most people ran like cockroaches once the cops had arrived.
I found my clothes near the guesthouse and changed back into them. There was no reason anymore to wear a swimsuit and I was sure that I didn’t smell of puke anymore. After I finished my beer, I found another half drunken beer next to the lounge chair. I looked it over and began drinking it as I sat down and leaned back in my lounge chair. I slowly closed my eyes to relax and took a deep breath in from all the chaos that had occurred tonight. I didn’t want to remember most of tonight, and going to sleep sounded like a good idea.
A scream from behind the pool erupted from my grandma’s guesthouse. I jolted up from my seat, disturbed that it was coming from her property. The remaining drunks from the party were unresponsive to the cry but I knew I had heard it.
The shriek occurred again and the bang of a door erupted from the guesthouse. The screaming continued and everyone around the pool began to take notice. I made my way over to the guesthouse, unsure that a sound so horrendous could come from there. The lights were on from inside and two people were running out from the front door. I recognized Kate and her date with the mohawk. She ran out hysterically while he walked out casually.
“What the hell are you doing in there!?” I demanded and watched Kate catch her breath from running out of the guesthouse.
“Peggy! Call nine-one-one!” she yelled. Her slum of a date walked over to the side of the pool and sat down next to a couple of his friends. They handed him his drink while he began telling a story of their experience together in the guesthouse.
“Why the hell would I do that?” I asked suspiciously.
“Because your grandma is dead!” Kate responded frightened.
“Dead? She’s not even home so I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Yeah she’s in there but she’s dead,” Kate replied, “We went inside to find a place to… You know... And your grandma was dead lying on her bed.”
“So you’re telling me you snuck into my grandma’s house to have sex and you found her dead?”
“I’m saying your grandma is dead,” Kate said directly.
“I don’t believe you. I’m drunk and you are too,” I replied, “You’re seeing things or playing a stupid joke on me. I’ve had to break up fights and talk to the police already. I’m tired of all this so you better not be lying.”
“Ok then. Go see for yourself if you don’t believe me,” Kate challenged, “If you don’t, I’m calling nine-one-one anyways cause that bitch is dead.”
“So now you’re calling my grandma a bitch,” I said, “What the hell Kate?”
“Just follow me. I’m going to point to where she is and you are going to see for yourself. She’s already starting to smell.” Kate grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the guesthouse.
“You are such a slut,” I said.
“Um. I know. Just come along,” she replied and pulled me inside.
I stopped resisting her and followed her into the guesthouse. The lights were on in the living room, but the rest of the rooms were dark. I could see the path that Kate took when she was sneaking in.
“So you had to go to her bed when there is plenty of room on the couch?” I said sarcastically. I gave it a second thought and realized the antique couch would be a terrible spot to fuck.
We passed the living room and entered the bedroom. Kate stopped and allowed me to enter first.
“See for yourself,” she said, and plugged her nose with her fingers. I knew she had no intention to enter with me, so I stepped into my grandma’s room by myself. Each step was small as I hesitantly made my way to the end of the bed. 
My grandma was under her covers with her mouth open. It looked like she was breathing but a disgusting scent coming from the bed proved otherwise. Her body was under the covers except for her head, which looked to be of pale skin that was thinning at the cheekbones.
I stopped at the head of the bed. “Grandma?” I said over her body.
“I told you, she’s dead,” Kate responded after my wobbly call for her consciousness.
“Shut up,” I replied.
I scanned over the bed and crept to the side without touching her, “Grandma!”
There was no response. Her mouth was still open and eyes looking up at the ceiling. I set my beer down on her table and sat next to her on her bed. My heart started racing through my chest as I leaned in to check for consciousness.
“Grandma!” I yelled into her ear and touched her neck. “Eew!” Her neck is cold and stiff!”
“I told you,” Kate whispered at the door.
“Shut up Kate!”
I shook her arm and said again, “Grandma!”
No response again.
I stepped back knowing that she was dead. Her fragile face was motionless with no expression; but it was relieving to know her body was covered and most of the smell was contained under the sheets. I examined her closer and knew she had been dead for days. Her hair was thin and white, waiting to fall onto the pillow.
“This is gross,” Kate said behind me.
“Ok, so we call nine-one-one?” I asked trying to stay calm.
“You better, unless if you want her to rot and smell up the place,” Kate replied.
“Will you shut up and be serious,” I said agitated, “Or go wait outside.”
“I’m just saying. There isn’t much we can do,” Kate said, “Sorry about your grandma though.”
“I don’t want to look at her anymore,” I said and walked out of the room with Kate. I quietly shut the door and headed back outside.
“I’m calling nine-one-one, again, so make sure you find somewhere to stay away from this. You can sleep in my room as long as that disgusting rocker guy doesn’t sleep there too.”
“I don’t intend to spend any more time with him,” Kate said, “This has been a fucked up night.”
“Shit happens,” I replied. It still hadn’t sunk into my skull that my grandma was dead in the guesthouse. I dreaded calling my parents about the news. They would for sure cancel the trip short if they knew, so I decided to wait to call them until I got everything in order.
“Hey Kate,” I said, “Make sure everyone is out of the house. Tell them they need to go.”
“I will,” she replied.
I took out my phone and dialed nine-one-one for the second time in one night.
Chapter 14
After they wheeled the dead body out, I felt wired from the entire night but exhausted. It was embarrassing to watch the paramedics walk through the messy house and pass all the empty cups of alcohol. They didn’t say anything but I knew they were thinking negatively about me.
I hadn’t said anything for some time as I followed them out to the front yard where the ambulance was. The backyard felt like a graveyard whenever I looked at the guesthouse. I finished answering the paramedic’s questions and watched them lift my grandma into the back of the ambulance. I wanted the night to end.
My parents were contacted regarding my grandma’s death and they were going to cut their trip short to return, which meant I had to wake up early and clean up the place.
My phone continued to ring from my parents calling me. After ignoring them for awhile, I finally answered.
“Yes?”
“Why haven’t you answered sweetie?” My mom’s voice asked.
“Because I’ve been trying to sleep mom.”
“We will be getting on a flight soon to deal with grandma.” She paused. “Did they find out when she passed away?”
“Passed away?” I asked, “You mean died?”
“Yes Peggy,” she replied, “When was the time of death?”
“I don’t know.”
“Shucks. Hopefully it wasn’t painful,” my mom said.
“From what I saw it wasn’t, so rest assured,” I replied walking through the dirty house.
“Is Stan sleeping?” Mom asked.
“Yes he is, because it is five-thirty in the morning here.”
“I know I’m in your way of sleeping but let me ask you one more question?”
“What?”
“Why did you discover all of this so late in the morning?”
“I don’t know, just let me go to sleep mom,” I replied.
“Ok sweetie. You ok?” she asked concerned.
“Yes, everything is fine,” I replied.
We said our goodbyes and I was finally free from my obligations for the night.
Kate was sleeping in my bed by herself. She always snored, so sleeping in the same room as her was out of the question. I decided to sleep in the room where Jellybean was since she always seemed to calm me down. Nothing was important until I got some sleep like everyone else was doing.
I opened the door and Jellybean was curled in a ball with her head resting on the floor and in front of the couch. I crept past Jellybean and fell onto the couch, surrendering to the long night and extending morning. My body naturally made itself comfortable in the couch and shut down.
Chapter 15
“Get up,” I said to Stan and nudged him with my foot.
“Stan! Get up.” I said louder. His friends were lying on the floor opening their eyes and trying to shield themselves with their hands.
Stan grumbled and then pressed the palm of his hand against his temple. “What do you want Peggy,” he whined. 
“You and your friends are going to help me clean up the house. Mom and dad will be coming home soon and I have some news to tell you.”
“Just give me some time to get my shit together,” Stan said holding his head.
“You got a hangover?” I asked grinning wide. It was nice to see him more miserable than I was.
“A little, but not much,” he replied.
“Liar,” I said, “Meet me out in the kitchen. We got a lot of work to do.” I looked over at his two stupid friends on the floor. “And everyone is helping.” One of his friends rolled his eyes at me and then rested his head back on his arm. 
Stan leaned over his bed to check on his friends. “I’m tired Peggy.”
“Shut up and get up,” I replied unconcerned, “That tiredness you are feeling is called a hangover.”
Stan grunted and then tried to sit up.
I looked back down to his friend who had rolled his eyes at me, “Everyone is going to help clean the house,” I said loudly to wake him up,”No going back to sleep.” My feet accidentally kicked an empty bottle on my way out of Stan’s room.
I checked on Kate who was asleep on her stomach and her head buried into my pillow. I left the door open for Jellybean to jump on her and lick her face. I was hoping she would help me clean up the house as well. The kitchen and the living room were the dirtiest and there was a lot of trash in the backyard; mainly cups and bottles, and a large stain where I had thrown up in the grass.
I had four hours of sleep which was manageable, but it left me with disorganized thoughts. I wanted to make sure everything was clean so I could go back to sleep. I glanced at the guesthouse where my grandma had died. I still didn’t know what to feel about it. It was always sad to hear about older family members dying, and I knew my mom would take it the worst; but as for me, I had a small connection with her, but the generation gap made it difficult for me to relate with her. I pictured her being the same age as me and wondered if she had been doing the same things that I was doing.
While thinking of my grandma, I started picking up trash around the kitchen and wiping down the kitchen counters. The pitcher I had chugged was on its side next in the sink. Not knowing where it came from, I threw it into the trash; it brought back bad memories of throwing up. 
Stan finally walked into the kitchen wearing his gym shorts and a tight black shirt. His hair hadn’t moved and was still plastered down by his hair jell.
“Where’s your robe at big shot?” I asked.
“I don’t know,” he replied. His two friends followed him into the kitchen.
“You guys are going to clean up the backyard. Make sure everything is picked up and in order.”
“This sucks,” he replied, “Why do we have to do this?”
“Because you participated in the party last night and you are as much as responsible as I am.” I knew it was my idea to have a party, but Stan knew I could tell my parents that he was drinking last night, though I was fully responsible for him.
“What if I told mom— “
“Enough Stan,” I interrupted, “you know well enough that Mom will believe me more than you.”
“It wasn’t my fault that you threw a party,” he said.
“But it’s part of your responsibility. It won’t take that long with all of you doing it,” I said, already knowing he was going to listen to me, “then you can go back to sleep.”
Stan looked at his friends. They were reluctant to help out. “You know… You were really mean last night,” he said.
“Probably. But you and your friends weren’t allowed to leave your room and you did. And since you drank the alcohol I bought, you’re gonna help clean it all up.”
“This is stupid,” Stan pouted.
“That’s fine,” I replied, “You can complain after you guys are done cleaning up the backyard.”
Stan looked into the backyard through the window, “That’s a lot of work Peggy. How about half?”
“Umm… How about no. If you want, you can do the backyard and the kitchen.”
“Let’s just get this done guys,” Stan said to his friends.
“Heya slow down Stan. I need to tell you something.”
“What?”
“Hey, Stan’s friends. Go ahead and get started on the backyard. Stan will be right out,” I instructed and waited for them to exit the house.
“It’s Clark and Richie, for you information,” Stan said.
His friends didn’t complain as they walked outside together and scanned the backyard from the porch.
“What is it?” Stan asked impatiently, like he couldn’t be separated from his friends.
“So you might not know this because you were passed out on your pillow with your buddies, but Grandma… Well she died. And that’s why mom and dad are coming home early.”
“She’s dead?” Stan put his hand on his chin. “Well, that sucks. We better not have to clean the guesthouse now.”
“You’re fine. They took her body out early this morning,” I replied. I watched him compute the death of his grandma in his head. He looked unaffected but I knew he had some concern. “Are you ok Stan?”
“Yeah,” he said still in thought, “So mom and dad are coming home early because grandma died?”
“Yes. That’s what’s happening at the moment,” I replied.
“I need to call my girl then if mom and dad are coming back early. We were gonna chill at the house tonight but I guess not anymore.” His frustration became apparent.
“And you’re not upset about grandma?” I asked. 
“Yeah but there’s nothing we can do. This shit happens Peggy. Why? Are you?” he asked. 
“Just checking. I mean, she was our family. Mom is going to be super sad when she gets back.”
“Yeah she is. But, there’s nothing we can do.” Stan seemed disinterested with my question.
“There isn’t, but it might take awhile to set in.” I was still waiting to feel grief myself.
“I’ll let you know if it ever sets in.” Stan checked on his friends in the backyard.  “So I’m going to join my slave friends and we’re going to work on a perfectly nice morning when we could be sleeping. Why can’t you just hire some people to clean up the house?”
“Hmm that’s a good point,” I replied, “But until I decide, I want the backyard done.”
“Whatever you say your majesty,” Stan said distressed that he had to do work.
“Shut up and get to work,” I said with a sassy attitude.
“You shut up,” Stan replied and walked out the door, “Someone needs to fix this fucked up door too.”
I forgot that I had broke the door when I was about to throw up. It brought back the embarrassment I had caused for myself. Most people at the party were drunk and forgot as time went by, but I knew some people from work had seen that repelling display.
I thought about what Stan had said about hiring some cleaners. The yard cleaners would be in tomorrow but I didn’t know if my parent would be back before then.
Kate walked in the kitchen in some of my clothes she had changed into, “Why the hell did you let your slobbering dog in your room.”
“Because my dog can roam wherever she wants to,” I replied.
“So how’s everything look,” Kate said, observing that I was cleaning.
“Still pretty bad. It will take some work to clean up before my parents get home.”
“Cool,” Kate said and took a seat at the table, “I might head home for awhile and pass out some more.”
“You aren’t going to help?” I asked, wanting her to stay.
“Nah, I’m tired,” she replied.
“You’re lazy. You can’t help me out even a little?” I said frustrated with her.
“Just bring in some house cleaners and problem taken care of. It’s not my job to clean up a party.”
“But it’s my house,” I replied.
“Yeah, but there’s people who can do the work that you’re doing. Just call a maid service,” Kate said. She assembled some cups on the table for me to throw away. That was all the work she was capable of doing.  “By the way, did you get the grandma thing taken care of?”
“Yeah she’s taken care of. Weird that she was dead in the guesthouse the whole time.”
“Pretty crazy,” Kate added, “Good thing cause I heard dead bodies can really stink everything up, and it’s tough to get the odor out.”
“Eew. Let’s not talk about dead bodies. We should be mourning if anything,” I said, trying to justify some leftover dignity in the situation.
“Let me know when the funeral is,” Kate replied, “But for now, I am passing back out at my place. I’ll give you a call later.”
“Cool,” I said discouraged. Kate adjusted her hair, pulled up her skirt, which was my skirt, and walked out the door.
From the kitchen window, I watched Stan and his friends slowly pick up the trash in the backyard. The three of them looked miserable, though they looked to be making the best of it by talking and joking with each other. Stan threw a piece of trash at one of his friends as he reacted quickly to dodge it. He then threw it back at Stan. It was a pathetic sight, and I was sure this was the most work any of them have ever done.
“Fuck it,” I said dropping the trash bag. I walked down the hallway and into my dad’s office to search for the maid service company my parents used. I opened up the desk and with luck, a list of numbers were on a notepad. I took out my phone and dialed a local company to have them clean up everything as soon as possible.
I figured I would tell Stan and his friends after they arrived. There was something satisfying about watching Stan and his friends pick up the backyard as I stood from the kitchen watching them.
I suddenly felt a sickening feeling in my body and quickly ran to the bathroom with the urge to throw up.
Chapter 16
My supervisor Joe sat across from me behind his desk. He flipped through his folder and let out a deep breath. His eyes met mine, which caused me to speak up.
“Why did you call me in?” I asked. Before the shift had started, Joe had told me that he needed to talk with me in private. This was the first time I was ever called to meet with Joe after our morning meeting.
“How long have you been working with us Peggy?” he asked.
I hated when people beat around the bush. He already knew how long I had been working as a lifeguard. “For a long time. Over five years now.”
Joe cleared his throat. “Every year you used to take the physical test, you accelerated every time. However, in the past couple of years, they have worsened. To be precise, this year you have failed the physical test. Your swim is at least a minute over, run is far over the needed time, and you didn’t even test for the drills. What’s going on Peggy?”
“But you know I can swim,” I replied, hoping that would be sufficient enough. 
Joe lifted his eyebrows seriously. He didn’t respond but I knew he was telling me to ‘get real.’
“Ok, I’ll test again for everything I failed. As for the swim and run, I will pass it.” I didn’t know what else to say. I knew I needed to get my shit together.
“Let me warn you Peggy. If you don’t pass this next test, you will be suspended for a year, or until you are able to pass the physical test. If this does not happen in the required time frame, you will no longer be an employee for us. It is also my duty to stress the importance of staying in shape. For example, getting in your weekly swim and run is part of our duty, and is a requirement. I need this from you here on out.”
Joe handed me a calendar. “I want you to sign up for the physical workouts that you haven’t been attending. When is a good time for you? You can do it before or after work.”
I examined his blank calendar and took his pen from his hand. “Before work will do.” The burdened thought of waking up early in the morning was something that added stress to my week.
“Is everything ok outside of work?” Joe asked.
“Yeah, nothing’s wrong,” I replied. I felt like it was none of his business anyway.
“Good. You are one of the best lifeguards here and I don’t want to lose you over some test that you can easily pass. How has your dieting been?”
“It’s been good. I mean, I don’t eat the best but I put a lot of effort into my health.” I knew that was a lie. It made me think of how much alcohol I had drank in the past month and the numerous occasions I had visited the burger joint on my way to work.
Joe blinked twice and then closed them for a brief moment. “I don’t want to insinuate anything but I have to remind you that it is important to keep a healthy diet. Exercising properly is part of the job. I need you to promise me that you will change this around.”
“So from your subtle insinuation, you are you saying I’m out of shape?”
“Peggy,” Joe said frankly, “Your health is your job. Fix it or else there will be consequences.”
“Yes sir,” I replied, “I have been slacking a little but I promise I will make it up.” I ignored the fact that he called me fat.
“Excellent! That’s all I needed to hear,” Joe said and took out the papers from his folder, “Now, I need you to sign these forms. One is about our little talk we just had and the others state that you will participate in the workouts given to you before work.”
“Yes sir,” I replied unenthusiastic. I signed his papers and slid them back.
“You’re a great lifeguard Peggy. Your appearance reflects your work. Take pride in yourself and your work,” Joe said.
“I do,” I replied and ignored the fact that he called me fat again.
“Then let’s see some change,” he smiled and leaned back in his chair to show he was finished with his little pep talk
“Are you talking about change in work ethic or physical appearance?” I asked.
Joe hesitated, “I meant that putting work into lifeguarding means practicing and presenting yourself as someone who is confident and able to pass the regulation so that you will not fail under pressure.”
“Ok I get it. Anything else?”
“Keep up the good work Peggy,” Joe replied.
I didn’t want him to patronize me. He just spent the last five minutes telling me of how much of a piece of shit I was. “Thanks Joe. I’ll be up bright and early for my workouts.”
“Thanks Peggy.” Joe gave a salute, appeased our conversation was finished.
I walked out the door with the realization that I needed to pass my physical test or else I wouldn’t be a lifeguard anymore. It was hard to think that I was in this predicament since I used to be one of the best swimmers out there. 
I stopped and turned around, forgetting to tell him that I had a funeral to attend this week. I knocked on his door and opened it without his admittance. “Joe?” I said loudly.
“Yes Peggy?” He was reviewing the documents that I had signed.
“Umm… My grandma died a week ago and my family set up a funeral on Thursday, and I was seeing if I can get that day off?”
“I’m so sorry to hear that Peggy. Yes that will be fine. I’ll find coverage for you. Just get me that in writing by the end of the day. Did you know about this sooner?”
I actually did but I forgot to tell him. “No, it was a big mess but it was recent. My family is still dealing with it all. But I’m doing better.” I felt like Joe always dug into people’s businesses too much. He was the supervisor but he didn’t need to know the depth of my personal issues.
“Hope everyone gets better. And thanks for letting me know. We’ll get it taken care of,” Joe said. He started digging through his desk no longer paying attention to me.
I got the hint and walked back out. My job was jeopardized, and only I could change it. I shrugged my shoulders, knowing that it would be easy; just some extra work and then everything would go back to the way it was. I forgot to tell Joe that I needed a new suit but I didn’t want to bug him again; though I was getting accustomed to wearing shorts over my suit. 
The thought of not working as a lifeguard petrified me. I couldn’t believe that I was not meeting my expectations. The physical tests were always so easy in the past, but now I was having trouble? What was wrong with me? The idea of getting into shape again was difficult to grasp, but it had to be done.
“Hey Peggy! Wait up!” Ted’s voice called. I turned around bothered that Ted had found me at my most irritated moment. He was beginning to remind me of Elisa.
“What Ted?” I replied.
“You recovering from that party over the weekend?” 
“Yeah, I’m doing better. Didn’t mean to look like an alcoholic puking at my own party, but I think I had a good time.”
“Good. Just wanted to check, because I can never get a response from you whenever I call you. It must be my reception or something.”
“Yeah probably,” I replied, “So I gotta get to my station for work. I’m sure they are waiting for me to relieve them.”
Ted looked confused, like he wanted to say something else, and then precariously said bye to me. He must have sensed that I was in no mood to talk.
I made a promise to myself that I would exercise and start eating better. But for my lunch break today, I was going to have a juicy burger, fries, and a tall cup of soda. Tomorrow I would start my healthy lifestyle. 
I was going to miss it.
Chapter 17
I sat in the passenger seat of my parent’s car behind the black hearse that carried my grandma.  My father was in the driver’s seat and my mother and brother were in the back seat. The prolonged day revealed how quick and delicate life can be, but also how much work it takes to finally put someone to rest. My parents had wasted at least two years of college worth of money on the funeral.
“This is great,” my dad said with joy, “Being able to drive without stopping is amazing. There are no assholes or ignorant drivers talking on cell phones. It’s just me following the car in front of me, while police officers stop everyone on the other sides to wait for us to pass. This is the life.”
“Shame on you,” my mom replied, “This is because of my mother that you can do this.”
“Sorry honey,” my dad said. He slumped back in his seat holding back his grin.
“Why do we have to do this today?” asked Stan. I remembered him earlier saying that he had to miss his volleyball game.
“Because we give respect for the person we love,” my mom replied.
It was quiet for a moment.
“So how do they keep grandma looking alive once she’s dead?” asked Stan.
“That’s a terrible question to ask,” I said.
“It’s not a terrible question,” my dad added, “It’s actually interesting how the process is done.”
“You’re not going to scare us, are you?” my mom asked, knowing my dad was going to explain anyways.
“Hell no,” my dad said. He turned the corner, following the hearse in front of him, “Usually she is stuck in a refrigerator, sometimes to determine the cause of death. After that, it’s about preservation for the viewing parties. And we all know how much importance grandma put on that.” My dad chuckled and then looked back at my mom and Stan who were not laughing. “So anyways, usually after a couple days, they inject embalming fluid into her, which preserves the body. So when viewing her, she looks like herself. But most people like to remember the memories rather than seeing her all dressed up and full of makeup when she’s dead.”
“She did look a lot different in the coffin,” Stan replied.
“That’s why I’m glad I didn’t see that,” I replied, “I’d rather just keep her in my head.”
“I think I would have rather too,” my dad added.
“Well I think grandma would have liked to have a viewing party before her funeral,” my mom said, “She was always big on social occasions and this was her last moment for the crowd. I will miss her.” She wiped the tears from her eyes.
“Everything’s ok,” my dad said comforting her. His arm reached back and rubbed her leg. She leaned forward and put his arm close to her chest and kissed his hand
I watched my dad soothe my mom’s woes as it made me realize the importance of having a partner. I always saw him kiss her on the cheek or undress her with his eyes, but what I saw was a genuine demonstration of compassion. It was good to see that brief moment of connection with my parents.
“Its ok mom, really,” I said, “She will be missed.”
My mom was wearing a tight black dress with her boobs hanging out. I could see the red bra that was under her dress which matched a red rose that was buttoned to the side of her breasts.
I wore a similar black dress and that had a red trim. I didn’t mean to look the same as her, but I certainly wasn’t going to return my outfit on her expense.
“Why do people drive in the street like a parade when people die?” Stan asked.
“It’s out of respect Stan,” my mother said. She hit him on the shoulder, “Quit being so self-centered. I’m sure you would want the same thing.”
“I don’t think I would care. I would just be making an inconvenience for everyone who is alive when I’m dead.”
“Its tradition Stan,” my mom said back quickly.
“Stan, shut up,” I said. I didn’t want him to upset my mom.
“It’s something that happens to everyone and this is how we pay our respects,” my dad said.
Stan looked out the window and crossed his arms.
“Thanks for helping me with the funeral plans, honey,” my mom said to my dad. 
“No problem. That was the least I could do.”
“So are we cremating her, or burying her?” asked Stan.
“We aren’t doing anything,” my dad replied, “But they will be cremating her and spreading her ashes over the ocean.”
“Oh,” Stan looked back out the window.
“Why are you so upset Stan?” my mom asked.
“Nothing,” he responded with frustration.
“Today is Grandma’s day. It’s not yours Stan; so show some respect for your grandma,” my mom said with authority.
“A funeral session doesn’t take much time,” my dad added. He turned the corner again following the hearse. “It’s not like your being tortured Stan. So zip it for the rest of the day.”
It was silent and then my dad looked back in his rear view mirror at my mom. “So what did you decide for the gravestone?”
“I wanted to put something simple like, ‘you will be missed by family…’ Or, ‘always in our hearts.’ But my sister wanted to put in some Jesus quote on it.  And we all know grandma was no saint. I know she’s going to bring that up today, like everything she thinks is best. The audacity my sister had to suck all the money out of my mom’s bank account by making up useless excuses to get money. Now she’s going to try to control everything, even after she has lived on the other side of the country most of her life.” My mom stopped and realized she was rambling on. “Be nice to your aunt kids. And your blood sucking cousins.” She patted me on the shoulder, as well as Stan.
“Don’t worry. We’ll work something out for the gravestone,” my dad replied, not wanting to get into a debate about the other side of the family.
I sensed his tactic to avoid more family drama. “You should say something about her character. I mean, she was big into being independent and a strong woman,” I suggested.
“Yeah, but I want to keep it simple,” my mom replied, “But you have a good idea. I’ll think about adding something like that in there.”
“Well, remember it has to be short and sweet. I’m sure you can’t squeeze that many words on a gravestone,” I replied. 
I heard my belly rumble. It lasted for five seconds and then grumbled again.
“You hungry Peggy?” my dad asked.
“A little. I haven’t eaten any breakfast.”
“A little? I think your stomach says otherwise,” he replied, “the funeral won’t be too long. We’ll go out afterwards together. Our treat.”
“Thanks.” I had been trying to cut down on my food intake all week. It was hard to eat healthy and I felt like it wasn’t working. The night before today I had a bunch of tacos and a carton of ice cream. But for today, I was doing well.
“Why are you doing that sweetie?” my mom asked.
I heard Stan chuckle behind me.
“I don’t know. I thought it would be good to start eating well.”
“But you’re not eating anything at all,” my mom replied.
“I know but I’m going to eat healthy today,” I said annoyed.
“That’s good of you Peggy,” my mom said and patted me on the back. “Just remember that there is always liposuction. I can introduce you to a great doctor of mine. I’m actually going to see him tomorrow. Give it some thought.”
“Thanks mom,” I replied.
“Your mom has been doing some great work with getting her body to look perfect,” my dad said.
“Don’t want to hear,” I said and put up my hand, “mom isn’t doing any work. She is sitting in a chair, passing out, and then waking up less heavy than before.”
“A lot of people see it as an art Peggy,” my mom responded with a false sense of dignity.
“I don’t care. I don’t want to talk about this again. I am going to do this the right way,” I said.
“That’s very admirable of you, but the offer is always on the table,” my mom replied.
I realized that I really hadn’t done much since I spoke with Joe, but at least I didn’t sink to the level of liposuction like my mom had. I hadn’t attended any of the work outs early in the morning before my shift. Joe was going to have another pep talk with me soon. I noticed that I was being dishonest about my eating habits and there was never truth involved. Although I didn’t have breakfast, I did wake up in the middle of the night for a full meal. The lies were justifiable in my own reality; but this needed to stop. If this was going to work, I needed to be honest with myself and committed to change. My job depended on it and I didn’t want to end up moving back in with my parents. That should have been motivation enough to start eating right and exercising, but for some reason, I couldn’t get it started.
We drove into the cemetery parking lot. The cars trailed behind us closely with importance. I could see other funeral services being conducted at the far end of the cemetery. I thought about how I was going to explain to Joe the reason why I hadn’t been going to the workouts in the morning. I was on thin ice as it was.
“This is our last memory together, mom,” my mom said looking ahead of the hearse. She was starting to shed tears down her face.
“She will always be remembered,” my dad comforted her.
“I want you and Stan to always make a promise that you will be there for each other no matter what happens,” my mom said crying.
“Of course,” I replied, “Why do you say that?”
“Because he is the only family member that you will know the longest in your life. Having a mother or a daughter is short lived compared to a sibling. You two make me so proud.” My mom broke into tears.
This was going to be difficult for her.
Stan was still looking out the window, unaffected by my mother’s emotional request.
“Is everyone ready?” my dad asked and stopped the car behind the hearse. He turned off the car as we headed towards the funeral service.
Chapter 18
The next morning I woke up early with dissatisfaction but was ready to exercise, to the best of my ability. I rolled out of bed grunting the whole walk to the bathroom, unwilling to accept that exercising was mandatory. Moping around my room, I thought of how something so small that added extra work to my agenda caused me to not want to do anything.
“Let’s do this,” I said to myself in the mirror. My face was full of determination but still looked half asleep. I noticed wrinkles on the side of my eyes and cracks forming around my chapped lips. “It only gets worse,” I uttered to myself, thinking about how I was going to inevitably age until my own funeral.
I put on my lifeguard suit and finished getting ready. It might have been the death of my grandma that instilled motivation in me to exercise, or that my job was on the line. I walked into the kitchen and took out the leftover dinner that my parents had bought for me after yesterday’s funeral. It was relief to be away from my family, and I didn’t have to visit them for some time, though I knew my mom was going to bother me about her latest surgery.
As I ate the cold pizza, the urge to throw up developed throughout my body. I suddenly felt awake as I ran for the toilet and threw up everything from last night. It seemed like this was becoming a normal routine for me. 
After I hurled my late dinner and part of my breakfast, I finished my pizza and then left to work for my early exercise. The morning had a chill to it and was waiting for the sun to fully revive the city, except for the cold ocean awaiting my entry. The sun continued to heat everything up on my drive over but the thought of ocean water made me drive slower to work.
As I arrived, everyone was stretching out and preparing for the swim; they looked much more enthusiastic than me. Joe was in his swim suit ready to lead the pack. I tried to make it known to him that I was ready to swim by walking in front of him with a determined look on my face. It helped relieve some pressure since I hadn’t showed up the entire week. 
“Hey Peggy!” Elisa said behind me. She had a swim cap on and was stretching her arms over her head. “I’ve never seen you here in the mornings. You usually with the later crowd?”
“Yeah, usually,” I replied.
I started stretching like everyone else, trying to ignore Elisa.
“By the way, I hope you were ok after throwing up at the party,” Elisa said, “It looked like a real drag. On the upside, I told my boyfriend about how beautiful your place was and how I want to get a place like that when I grow older with him.”
“That’s cool,” I replied, “Hey, uh… You got another swim cap?”
“I actually do,” she replied. Elisa ran to her bag and threw me a swim cap.
“Do you need help putting it on?” Elisa asked.
“No.” I stretched it out and forced it over the top of my head, but it only pulled my hair and insecurely loosened at the top. 
“Here,” Elisa said holding out her hands, “Let me help.”
“I got it Elisa.” I said annoyed and tried again, “It might be a little small.”
“Nonsense.” She didn’t listen and helped me pull it over the top of my head. I stopped resisting and leaned my head forward to let her finish the job. 
Joe ran into the ocean, which triggered other swimmers to enter the water; some ran while other walked in to test the water. 
“I shaved my legs for this morning,” Elisa giggled.
“Wow, you really get excited for these things,” I replied, “I didn’t do anything.”
“That’s ok. It doesn’t really matter. I’m such a nerd,” Elisa said.
“Do you even know what a nerd is?” I asked her.
“You’re funny,” Elisa laughed, “So you ready?”
“Sure,” I replied, “You go first.”
We started walking into the ocean water as it crashed into our ankles.
“See ya when we’re done,” Elisa shouted and plunged into the ocean. Her body resurfaced into a perfect alignment of freestyle.
I snapped my goggles over my head and watched everyone swim away. The waves splashed up against my legs with drops of ocean water landing on my shoulders. Reluctant to jump in, I continued to procrastinate until I and a few others were remaining.
“You going,” asked a hot guy in a speedo. I knew he waited until the last moment to take off his swim shorts. He looked good in it.
“Go ahead,” I replied.
I watched him jump over a wave and dive in as he began swimming in front of a new wave that crashed in front of me. I continued to walk forward and deeper into the ocean as the rolling waves pushed me back, easily representing my lack of motivation. The sun had gained height over the horizon and helped emit a sense of warmness onto the top half of my body that wasn’t in the ocean.
I finally dove into the cold water as I pulled and kicked myself out into deeper water past the breaking waves. The frigid temperature interfered with my breathing and caused my muscles to tense up.  I felt like a fish and knew if I wanted to, I could catch up to the speedo guy. My side-breathing perfectly coordinated with the movements of my arms and legs; the waves began to sway underneath me as I pulled and kicked harder to a fast pace. I felt like I was racing again in high school, but the only difference was that I used to beating everyone. 
Tilting my head up, I studied to see the route everyone was taking since I had never swam this way before. They were going to swim around the buoy and then continue back, forming a horse shoe. It was going to take at least an hour.
I slowed down my pace to account for the length of the swim, trying to think of something to pass the time. I started hearing music that was playing at the party and the muscle man playing volleyball in the pool. The chorus of popular songs continued to repeat in my head. 
Much later and out of breath, I began slowing down. I knew that I was out of shape. Practice meant perfect and practice was something I did not do. I quickly rolled onto my back and floated to catch my breath. Looking over my head, the sun was shining into my eyes and laughing at my face. This was going to be hard to completely finish. 
After I caught my breath I rolled back over and treaded water to observe where I was at. I was far from shore, but still a ways from the buoy. I could see everyone swimming back on the other side of me. I felt like they were laughing at me like the shining sun. I floated onto my back again and squinted my eyes into the sunlight. Why had this become so difficult? I waited some minutes and thought of being in my bed until I felt like I was restored. 
I decided to cut the swim short by crossing over to the side that was swimming back to shore. Besides, nobody would be able to notice since their heads were all in the water. I started paddling while on my back and began gesturing a chicken with my hands, then a star, and then a rocket, which propelled me towards the returning side of swimmers. I continued that motion until I was all the way over. I remembered my chicken-star-rocket from when I learned how to swim as a kid, which was called elementary backstroke.
I turned back over and changed to freestyle, pretending I had been at the front of the pack the whole time. I was sure that I was in front of Elisa. She was going to shit her suit once she found out that I had finished before her. I smiled with every side breath I took.
Chapter 19
I was nervous for my next physical test, but it wasn’t for another couple weeks. After I participated in the morning swim, I didn’t go back to practice again. I told myself I should every morning after the alarm sounded, but it didn’t happen, and then I went back to sleep. There was always something the night before that led me to ignore the test the next morning.
After work, and telling Joe I was going to attend the late physical workouts instead of the dreadful morning ones, I settled down on my couch to watch TV. It was relaxing to take a break from the work world and have the peace of mind to think of nothing by blocking it out with the senselessness of semi stimulating network shows.
I started texting Kate who had been participating in some day drinking. She was always doing something fun while I was working or tired from work. I was contemplating on whether to go hang out with her, but the couch felt better than getting ready and going out for the night.
The doorbell interrupted my train of thought. Unwilling to get up, I grunted while watching TV. I had just finished popping some popcorn for a snack after my pizza. I was leaned back on my couch with my feet propped up on the table and my chin was dipped down over my chest lazily. 
“Who is it?!” I turned down the TV with my remote to listen for a response.
The male voice was muffled but I still couldn’t figure out who it was.
“What?!” I yelled again.
The muffled voice continued to talk but I couldn’t understand anything. If only I had unlocked the door, I would have not been in this predicament.
“Ugh!” I groaned, slid myself up from the couch, and made my way to the door.
“This better not be a fucking salesperson or else you’re getting bitched at!” I said through the door.
I opened it up to see Ted in his kaki-shorts and a tank top shirt. His skinny body did not fill out his tank top. I didn’t understand how we were the same height and yet I weighed more than he did.
“Hey Peggy,” Ted greeted, “I tried to call you but your phone must have not been working again. How have you been?”
“Fine,” I replied, “You coming in?” I asked and started walking back to my couch. 
“Yeah sure,” Ted said closing the door behind me. 
I was under the impression that he would follow me in so I could assume my comfortable position I was in earlier before he had interrupted me. I sat back down on the couch as Ted sat across from me.
“So what’s up?” I asked. I let myself sink into my couch. It felt great that I was not going to get up again.
“I was in the area and thought I would swing by to ask you something,” he said, more timid than usual.
“So what do you want to ask?” I replied and started changing the channels to the TV.
“I wanted to see if you knew of that Elisa girl?” he asked and looked away from the TV.
“Yeah I work with her. Why?”
“Do you think that you could give her my number? I really liked her,” said Ted with honesty.
“Oh haha, she’s got a boyfriend dude,” I replied, “Plus why do you like her?”
“I don’t know. I thought we really connected, and she is so cute.”
“Yeah but she’s got a boyfriend Ted. But then again I could do some recon for you if you want. Maybe see what’s going on with her and how long she’s been in that relationship.” I started wondering what type of guy she was with. Obviously, Ted would fall for her so she couldn’t be doing any better.
“Would you do that for me?” Ted asked enthused, “She seems like a really cool chick.”
“Yeah, well I know her personally, so I could get you in, if there’s a chance. No need to worry, Peggy the lifeguard is on the task.”
“You’re awesome,” Ted replied happily.
“But for the record, I think you two would make a cute couple.”
“Thanks Peggy. You know, you’re a really good friend. I always thought that you were a magnificent person.”
I stopped changing channels. “That’s very nice of you Ted. I will do my best for you.” 
He continued to stare at me, smiling with admiration in his eyes. I quickly resorted back to changing the channels to see what the upcoming shows were for the new hour.
“I know you will. I wanted to write her a poem, but I’m glad I was able to talk with you before I did. Plus she’s got a boyfriend, and I would never want to do anything to break that up.”
“I can find a way to,” I said back seriously.
“I know you’re joking Peggy,” Ted replied unaware of my modesty; or possibly denying that I was that type of person.
“I’ll get some info on her. In the meantime, don’t worry about it, unless if I tell you,” I said.
“How long have we known each other for? I feel like it’s been forever,” Ted said amazed.
“I don’t know. Maybe fifteen years,” I guessed. He always asked that question but I never gave him a straight answer. Perhaps now he wouldn’t ask again.
“That’s for sure.” Ted paused and then noticed I was shifting though the channels. “So whatcha watching?”
“Nothing really. Just trying to find something to keep me entertained until I start a long shift of work tomorrow.”
“What would we do without work though?” Ted philosophized.
“I could think of a whole lot. For one, I would never have to labor for anyone else again. All the free time in the world without the worry of having responsibility… That would be nice,” I replied. I didn’t know if it came off as depressing or not.
“Oh Peggy,” Ted laughed, “You’re the best.”
“I know.”
“So I’ll let you get back at it, but I wanted to stop by for that reason before I did anything brash,” Ted said standing up.
“That’s what I’m here for Ted,” I replied, “And sometimes brash is good.”
“Maybe.”
“Make sure you lock the door on your way out,” I announced with no intention to walk him out.
“Sure thing Peggy. May work not break your back, whatever stress you may pack,” Ted said jauntily. 
“Bye Ted,” I said and lifted my hand to wave but immediately dropped it back onto the couch.
I didn’t know if he locked it, but at this point I didn’t care.
Ted had come over to my house to ask my about that annoying bitch Elisa. I wasn’t a match-maker and hated that bullshit but the least I could do was figure out what her story was for Ted.
I turned up the volume on the TV and tuned out to senselessness.
Chapter 20
After a week, I was finally able to talk with Elisa. She had been out on vacation for the remainder of the week and then some days into the beginning of the following week. She was always bugging me, but then when I needed to talk to her, she was nowhere to be found.
I had thrown up in the morning before our lifeguard meeting. I felt drowsy and thought it would be nice to use a sick day, but unfortunately I didn’t have any available. The moment I accumulated enough, I would find some excuse to take a day off.
Joe continued to be a bother and check up on me to make sure I was exercising and eating healthy. He was concerned about losing one of the best lifeguards on the staff and always lifted his eyebrow at me whenever he sensed that I hadn’t worked out. I was trying to exercise and eat less but it was difficult to stay away from most meals. I felt like I was doing a mediocre job at maintaining a diet but I hadn’t attended any workouts since the morning I had cheated by crossing sides to shorten the route. After attending that workout, Joe had seen me walk out of the ocean, which made it look like I had finished the long swim, but it seemed like he was always making sure I was in attendance; it was like he knew I was slacking. I remembered after the workout, I made sure that I waited for Elisa to see me finish before her.
I looked over at Elisa during the meeting and wondered if she was disappointed in herself or if she didn’t care that I had finished before her. For some reason, I wondered where she went on vacation, but maybe it was more envy.
Joe adjourned everyone, giving me time to finally confront Elisa about her personal life. Ted probably thought I was procrastinating and he hadn’t talked to me since last time he visited my house, but ever since he found out that Elisa had a boyfriend, he had backed off. For me, it was more out of curiosity to get information from Elisa instead of helping Ted. She was an odd character but it was worth examining. 
“Hey Elisa, what’s up?” I greeted her.
“Oh hey Peggy,” Elisa said with a pleasant tone, “It’s so nice to see everyone from work. My vacation was super fun but I think I missed everyone here.”
“Um yeah,” I replied, “So where did you go on vacation.”
“Ha! Funny you should ask. We went to my family’s cabin in the woods. Everyone from my family went. It’s usually once a year everyone gets together and takes off a week. I decided to take off most of the week but I also gave myself time to sit back and relax before I started work again.”
“That’s smart.  You’re boyfriend go?”
“Oh, no. He had to work. But it was more of a family thing, unless if we’re married. But I know we are going to get married soon. I just can’t wait till he pops the question.” Elisa held up her hands and crossed her fingers. She continued giggling as I waited for her to calm down.
“So what are you guys doing tonight? You want to go get a beer?” I asked.
“Well, I don’t know,” Elisa said hesitantly, “I do know this awesome ice cream place. We could chow down on some fresh flavored ice cream? What do you say to that?”
“Gee that sounds tasty,” I replied entertaining her, though I actually liked her idea better because I was able to see her boyfriend without staying with them for too long.
“Why didn’t we think of this before?” she said joyfully.
“I don’t know,” I replied, “but we thought of it now.”
“Call me after work,” Elisa said, “I’ll call my boyfriend on the way to my tower to let him know.”
“Great,” I replied, pretending to sound enthused. We all separated and headed to our posts. It always felt like my station was the longest from the meeting.
I passed by Joe who didn’t say anything to me. He had already given me a pep talk today so I hoped that it would have shut him up for the rest of the day for me to exercise. He certainly didn’t know how I was eating, which meant he couldn’t hassle me on that issue. 
Carl was walking in front of me but in the same direction. I decided to walk with him and see what was new in his life. I remembered he was new and that he had kids, but he was still handsome and worth talking to.
I tapped him on the shoulder, “Wait for me.”
“Oh hey, um… Peggy? Right?” Carl asked still unsure of my name.
“You got it,” I replied, “How’s everything working out? How’s the wife and kids?”
“Both good. I’m in the groove of things at work. It’s been a good start for the family too.”
“That’s good to hear,” I said. I felt like he was emotionally indestructible and wasn’t susceptible to any form of seduction.
“You have any questions about anything?” I asked.
“Not really.”
“That’s good,” I said, “So, you happy with your decision to move here?”
“Pretty much. Everything is great here. I do have to say the kids are getting use to everything but we like it here.”
“Good for you,” I replied, feeling like the conversation had turned to boring, “Let me know if you ever want to get any ice cream after work,” I said, thinking he could join me with Elisa and her boyfriend.
“No thanks,” he replied, “I have to pick up my kids from school.”
“Oh... Well, I gotta go this way, so I’ll see ya later.” I quickly turned from him and walked farther away from the beach, though still parallel to him. The walk felt longer but I didn’t want to be sucked into his constricted married life. I wanted to see what he was like when he was single and without kids. I’m sure he would have engaged me differently.
I finally arrived to my station, unsure as to why I had to separate myself from Carl. The whole time I thought about Elisa and what her boyfriend looked like; he was probably just as annoying as her.
Queasiness was running through my head all day, but it seemed to go by quickly as I aimlessly scanned around my zone of coverage. While observing, I wanted to think that it was almost impossible to be found negligent or at fault if someone were to drown. Most people would get swept away to sea if they drowned, but I knew there was always a way for someone to sue me. It helped me stay partially aware.
I had a late lunch because of my stomach acting up with some lingering pain, but I was able to return to my duties. We hadn’t put money in the pot since I had won. Everyone was still one edge that Joe knew about our betting scheme, and none of us wanted to get in trouble.
I saw Ted after my lunch-break, but I didn’t tell him I was meeting with Elisa and her boyfriend. He would ask too much and was draining to talk to. I gave him a nod and then pretended like I was busy with my radio. For the day, I didn’t have much social contact with patrons, only observing the ocean and then displaying a professional demeanor without having to put much effort into enforcing the rules. After snacking on some more food in my station, and before my shift was over, I found a pair of sunglasses in front of my lifeguard station. I grabbed them when no one was looking and stuck them in my purse. They had a nice design and I couldn’t let them go. They were going to be my driving glasses. 
Once I was relieved from my shift, I headed home. Elisa was overly excited to spend time with me after work. Her boyfriend would probably resemble Ted to perfection. I pictured Elisa’s annoying and nerdy personality on her skinny boyfriend who had probably only kissed two girls in his life; Elisa and his mom.
I threw on some shorts and a pretty tank top shirt. It was used more frequently than my other throw on shirts, but it was my favorite, and I liked the way I felt in it. Loose around my waist, it was white and had a slight orange design on the front. I grabbed a granola bar and got into my truck to the ice cream shop.
It was late evening for my drive down the boulevard as I watched the sun set in the distance. It sparked off the ocean water and was carried with the breeze into the city. The street lights that switched on helped the sunset remain bright until it completely disappeared.
I drove into the busy parking lot of the ice cream shop. It was a noticeably crowded but the line wasn’t going to be a terrible wait. The shop lights inside were bright as I could see every person on the inside eating and talking at the round tables. 
The store bell jingled as I entered the store and heard the numerous conversations going on. Elisa was waiting in line with a tall black man who had short cut hair. He was about six feet eight and had a slender, ripped body through his baggy clothes. He wasn’t who I was expecting, and they looked like complete opposites of each other.
Elisa called me over and put her hand around her boyfriend’s lower waist. “Peggy! I want you to meet Jonathon, my boyfriend,” she said.
I shook his enormous hand as his fingers easily wrapped around mine. He had a nice smile and white teeth.
“You are so tall,” I complimented.
“Thanks, I get that a lot,” he replied, “So Peggy, Elisa has told me a lot about you. I heard that you threw a really cool party. I would have gone but I had an early morning basketball practice.”
After a couple weeks, it was hard to remember throwing up in the backyard and then trying to seduce the muscle man, which was then interrupted by the rowdy guests that caused me to call the cops. “Yeah, that was an interesting night.” I paused. “Basketball practice?”
Jonathan laughed, “You look surprised that I play ball. I’m over at the university; a little far from here but nothing is too far for my little angel.” He put his arm around Elisa and grasped her tight around the shoulder.
“I guess it makes sense,” I replied, “You must be really good.”
“He is!” Elisa said, “I go to all of his games. He always tells me I don’t have to go to them all, but I try to make most of them.”
“It helps when she is there,” he added.
We stepped to the front of the line. “What kind of ice cream do you want Peggy? We will pay for it.”
I was studying Jonathan. I couldn’t believe he was the boyfriend of such an annoying little woman.
“That’s nice,” I replied. It wasn’t like I couldn’t afford a couple scoops of ice cream but I let them have their way. “I’ll take two scoops of…” I glanced through the windows of the flavors. “One of cookies and cream and another strawberry.”
“Good choices,” Jonathan replied. He glanced through the flavors. “Just one of cookies and cream.”
Elisa ordered, “And a scoop of vanilla.”
“Not the chocolate?” I asked trying to make a joke.
“No, I like vanilla,” she replied, “Chocolate isn’t as good.”
“Hmm,” I mumbled.
Jonathan paid and we picked up our ice cream.
“This is so good!” Elisa exaggerated.
“So, where did you two meet?” I asked. 
“Funny you should ask,” Elisa replied, “Jonathan’s mother is a breast cancer victim and I volunteered for the walk for cancer last year. Jonathan was there and we hit it off.”
“Sorry to hear about your mom,” I said to Jonathan.
“She’s doing better but she’s not out of the woods yet,” Jonathan replied, “When I started talking with Elisa, she was very passionate about helping people with cancer. I knew she was a winner.”
“That’s nice,” I replied, “She certainly raised a smart man and made you eat healthy to grow so tall.”
“Well, my dad is the same height as me, so I owe a little to him,” he replied.
“Jonathan went to a private school like I did,” Elisa replied, “He was one of the top of his class. We compared our GPA’s and he was point-O-two higher. Isn’t that funny?”
“Impressive,” I replied. I didn’t understand what was funny about it. They were geeks, except Jonathon who didn’t appear to match the type of person Elisa was.
“Jonathan is doing so well at his university. I’m proud of him.” Elisa pulled him down and kissed him on the cheek.
I wanted to sit down at a round table, but Elisa and Jonathan had no intention to move anywhere. Instead we stood in a triangle in front of the store. I remembered Elisa could get caught up in conversation and ignore everything else around her. Jonathan seemed the mimic what Elisa did.
“How about we sit at one of these tables out here?” I suggested.
“Ok let’s do it,” Elisa said, following Jonathan to the table.
I watched Jonathan’s long body bend as he sat down. His knees were pointing up and arms were cramped. He moved his legs to the side, making himself more comfortable. Elisa held onto his arm while she ate her ice cream. I was constantly watching Elisa and Jonathan show affection towards one another; it was becoming repugnant. Elisa pegged me for a girl who liked nerds because she was a nerd, but she had hit the jackpot with a tall intelligent stud. It was a mystery as to how they had sex. 
I finished my ice cream and watched Jonathan and Elisa finish theirs around the same time. Jonathan continued to look uncomfortable sitting at the seats we occupied. I gawked at his physique. The thought of him over me in bed made me ignore much of what Elisa was talking about. He must have a six pack and a good sized cock.
“Does that sounds good Peggy?” Elisa inquired.
“Sounds good? What sounds good?” I asked trying to break free from my fantasy with Jonathan.
“A movie? I’m sure there are some good flicks out there,” Elisa replied.
“Nah that’s ok,” I said not wanting to have anything else to do with Elisa and her studly boyfriend, “I have to go help out my parents with something.” I lied but it was the first thing that came to mind.
“We understand,” Elisa replied with understanding, “It’s important to take care of your parents for anything they ask. It’s how you show respect.”
“I admire your willingness to make yourself available,” Jonathan said.
“Thanks guys,” I said, “And thanks for the ice cream.” I got up and wiped off the crumbs from the ice cream cone. My keys rattled in my hands, ready to leave Jonathan and Elisa.
“Be safe,” said Jonathan, “Tell your parents we said hi.”
“I sure will,” I replied. I asked myself why I would ever tell my parents that Jonathan and Elisa said hi. Fuck that. I directed my voice towards Elisa, “See you at work.”
“Bye,” she replied, “Thank you so much for coming. It was a blast.”
I sat down in my car and took out my phone. I called Ted while looking in my rearview mirror and put the phone to my ear.
Ted answered.
“Dude, you are screwed. You know the saying once you go black you never go back?” I asked while grinning out the windshield. 
It was silent on his side of the phone as I started my car and pulled out of the parking lot.
“Huh? What are you talking about?” Ted asked confused. It sounded like he had just woken up.
“You know, Elisa’s boyfriend? He’s huge and black.”
“What does that have to do with anything Peggy?” Ted said annoyed.
“It means she’s got a boyfriend who’s a stallion,” I replied. Me referring to Elisa’s boyfriend as a stallion began to turn me on.
“I don’t know why you have to put it that way, but thanks for letting me know,” Ted said disappointed.
“Sorry Ted,” I said sympathetically, “Look… So this is what happened. I went out and ate some ice cream with them and they both looked like a great match, other than their size.”
“When you put it that way, it sounds depressing,” Ted replied.
“They are a good couple it seems. I can’t stand them but they are somehow compatible.”
“You can’t stand a lot of people,” Ted replied, “But good for them. I’m happy.”
“I can get some dirt on them if you want,” I said, “There are always relationship problems and—”
“Peggy,” Ted stopped me, “I don’t care. You shouldn’t do that anyways.”
“Last chance,” I said wishing he would agree.
“No Peggy,” Ted said back, “Leave it be.”
“Whatever you say.”
“Thanks for giving me that information. What I can’t control is null,” said Ted.
“Sure Ted,” I replied to his dumb remark, “I’ll give you a call later though.”
I hung up the phone and thought about Jonathan. 
He was such a catch. Elisa had done well.
I decided to call Kate to see what she was doing.
Chapter 21
Once again, I had my hands around the waist of an unknown stranger who I had met at the club. He didn’t have the best face but he had a firm body. I pictured his six-pack under his shirt, wanting to pull it off. After seeing Jonathan with Elisa, I felt I deserved to get laid. 
I split up from Kate and walked back with him to his car in the parking lot. He had short hair that was no longer than my finger tip and his nose protruded out a little too much. It didn’t matter because I already had made up my mind that I was going to fuck him.
He opened up the door for me on the passenger side.
“Why thank you kind sir,” I said pretending to graciously enter his older Mercedes. 
Before I had the time to sit down, he grabbed my hand and pulled me close to him. I immediately felt his tongue through my mouth. I began feeling his body and moved my hands along his stomach as he continued to kiss me. My hands slid under his shirt and dropped down under his waist.
He slowly kissed down my neck and returned to my lips. His passionate kisses with the motion of his body made my heart beat quickly. His tempt to please me made me want to satisfy him in the moment.
I pulled back from his face, “I want to blow you.”
He quickly took off his belt and zipped down his pants. We both looked around the parking lot which was dim with nobody around. The nearest light was broken and left a dark spot over us. 
I sat down in the passenger seat while he stood over me on the outside with the car door open. My feet were still on the pavement but I spread my legs out to lift up my short skirt that wrapped tightly around me.
My hands ripped his pants down exposing his semi hard erection. “Anybody coming?” I asked concerned we were going to get caught.
“Only me,” he replied, grabbing my head and shoving my face into his cock.
“Easy,” I choked. I liked his display of dominance but he pulled my head in too rough.
As I sucked his cock, I began fingering myself through my panties. Everything was better in public. He groaned while lifting his head up and started pulling my hair back, continuing to pull harder. I slapped his hands off my hair, but he re-gripped and pulled even harder.
“Stop it,” I cried out, “That hurts.”
“Shut up bitch and keep sucking,” he replied like a horny jerk only wanting to come.
I grabbed his hands and continued sucking. I pulled him in closer trying to gain control. I wanted to keep his mind off from grabbing me so hard.
A moment later he took his hands and pulled back my hair even harder.
“Oww!” I screamed, “What the fuck!”
“Just shut up and suck me baby!”
“I can’t do it if you’re going to rip my hair out!” I replied. I partially liked my passive role but not when it started hurting.
His hands moved to my face and grabbed my cheeks. “Shut the fuck up!”
“Ok I’m done,” I said and pushed him away, “I’m getting out of here. I can find someone else who’s not a fucking jerk about this.”
“Keep sucking!” he shouted and grabbed my head violently.
“No!” I pushed him back and punched him hard in the cock.
He screamed and grabbed his groin. “Why did you do that!” Tears came from his red bulgy eyes. He curled onto the ground with his head resting against the car tire.
“Why can’t you just go along with the program instead of making your own bullshit macho scene!” I screamed at him, “And to think I was so turned on a minute ago.”
“Fuck you!” he screamed back from the ground. His eyes squinted, holding in the agony from my punch.
I kicked him on the ground and walked back into the club. I wanted to find Kate and try to find another man who wasn’t a dominant animal.
Men are assholes.
Chapter 22
As I sat in my lifeguard station, my view of the rolling waves began to blend into one tidal motion that blurred my eyes. Seeing the same cheery families walking along the beach and the surfers crashing into the waves was something I saw every minute while on duty. If my lifeguard station were in front of the volleyball players, my view would have been more captivating.
I thought of when I first started lifeguarding, eager to apply my strong swimming abilities to the job. My large frame could stream through the water at a fast pace and drag anyone struggling to breathe out of the ocean current. I had an easier time flirting with the beach volleyball players and felt more confident in my swim suit when walking around. It seemed any problem that came up could be resolved, but now everything was complex.
I remembered my beginning months starting out as a lifeguard and when I had my first save. He was a boy who swam too far out and was struggling to make his way to the shore, but it was useless because his body was becoming vertical in the water. Nobody noticed the kid battling to keep his head above water; his parents unaware and trusting that everything was fine. They were lucky that lifeguards were available or else their son was going to drift into the deep ocean.
Grabbing my lifeguard tube, I stood up and activated my emergency action plan. My heart was racing and the only thing that mattered was saving the kid drowning in the ocean. Even as I ran towards the shallow part of the ocean, nobody noticed where I was going or who I was saving. The cold water was no longer bothersome and the waves pushing me out was easy to maneuver around. My feet pushed off the condensed, but soft sand at the bottom as my knees lifted over the waves gracefully until I was in deep enough water to dive in. I could feel the water crash over my head until I passed the break in the waves and began swimming to the drowning boy.
As I approached him, his eyes were wide open and his arms were putting more effort than needed to keep him above water, though exhaustion was going to happen to him soon. His face was red and full of tears with realization that he was not going to survive for much longer.
“Stay Calm,” I shouted to him, trying to maintain balance in my voice, “My name is Peggy and I’m here to save you.” My hand reached out a tube for him as he clenched his arms around it into a bear-hug. His heavy breathing continued but his teary eyes that beaded down his face slowly returned to normal. He didn’t say anything as he continued to kick his feet, thinking he was still drowning until he finally rested over the tube.
“You alright kid?” I asked, feeling the adrenaline run through my body. I was worried that he might be in shock or lose consciousness while floating on the tube. He would most likely smother me if I came any closer, so I decided to pull him with the tube. I didn’t want to end up with scratch marks all over my body for my first save as a lifeguard. It was interesting how he would have pulled anyone under the water just to stay afloat and breath. The exhilaration of running into the ocean under the view of an audience substituted any feeling of compassion I had for him. I felt like I wanted another kid to save on my swim back to sustain the intense moment.
Instead of saying anything, he whimpered and began crying. His hands reached out to grab me as I treaded away from him to keep my distance; it wasn’t like he was going to let go of the tube.
“Let’s get you to shore,” I said pulling him with me and looking back occasionally to make sure he wasn’t stupid enough to let go. His crying was ruining my wonderful mood. I wanted him to thank me that I had saved his life, but that would come soon enough.
The tightness of the rope on the tube began to feel lighter as I pulled him with my powerful freestyle swim.  He was hanging on by one hand now, and his eyes widened like he was going to drown again. Upset that I was going to have scratches over my body, I swam up from behind him and scooped his body close to mine with the tube between us and began pulling him. He struggled to break free, though he was being saved so there was no reason to. Humans were funny in the water; if we didn’t know how to swim, we would drown easily. I thought about if Jellybean was thrown into the ocean, she would have found a way to survive and get to the shore. 
Trying to calm him down, I began trying to distract him by asking him questions. “What grade are you in?”
He continued crying.
“What’s your favorite color?” 
He looked towards the shore and ignored me as his body began squirming to break free.
“Stay calm kid,” I said grabbing onto him tight, “What’s your name anyways?”
He tried to move me out of the way so he could break free but I positioned his body away from me so I would have the control. Approaching the shore, we both stood up together in the shallow part of the ocean as I put my arm around him to help him walk. The waves helped us move out of the water.
A crowd began to close around us, wondering what had just happened.
“Stay with me,” I said to the boy, “We need to make sure everything is fine with you.”
“Jordan!” I heard a woman shout. She broke free from the crowd and ran up to her son and embraced him in her arms. Her long hair fell over her son as she talked with him close to his ear.
“Jordan, is it?” I said over to the woman and her son. They were crying together, so I gave them time to have their moment.
The mother glanced up at me with discomfort but had satisfaction that her son was alive and thanked me. “You don’t know how much this means to me… If anything happened… I am so grateful for you.” She stood up and gave me a hug.
It felt nice to be appreciated, though I was just doing my job. Nonetheless, I enjoyed the moment with them as I patted her son on the head. “No problem.” A smile slowly formed on my face and my adrenaline went away as I realized my self-importance. I looked down on Jordan like I had given him a second chance in life. He was still shocked from the incident. His mother kneeled back down to hug him.
“Peggy!” said Joe running towards me, “Where’s the victim?”
“He’s here. I got em.”
“That fine and everything but we need to continue procedure,” Joe ordered.
“Got it,” I replied, and carefully put my arm onto Jordan’s shoulder, “Come with us Jordan. We just need to check you out to make sure everything is ok.”
Joe walked with me over to Jordan as we guided him into the lifeguard car. His crying began to increase as he followed us.
“Where are you taking him?” asked his mother.
“To our main station a half a mile from here. We have to go through some normal tests before he is released,” replied Joe, already taking charge of my glorifying save.
I watched the mother trail behind as Joe took charge of the situation. “Get back to your duty,” Joe said to me. He had just been appointed supervisor and was very bossy. I thought it was more because he was afraid of others undermining him and taking advantage, so he thought he had to set his boundaries right away.
The mother gave me a quick glance of gratitude and followed them at a quick pace. 
I wanted that moment to last forever when I had saved Jordan. Not only did I have the excitement of running into the ocean, but the appreciation from everyone that I was a hero. I knew it was something that wouldn’t last for more than a moment, but it seemed like it would last longer for me. If only this could happen every day I would never have any problems again in my life. All the uncontrollable issues in the world didn’t matter after I saved someone’s life.
Soon enough, the father began yelling at me that his son was perfectly capable of swimming back to shore by himself and that I had ruined his confidence. He approached me with aggressive body posture, but once he got my attention he stood over me with his arms crossed as he flexed his arms. I ignored most of what he said, because he was irrational.
“Sir, two things could have happened. He could have drowned, or been saved by me. And even if he was swimming too far out, it is sometimes good to be shown what our limits are, or else we can drown.” I knew he didn’t like what I had just said, but he didn’t understand that I had just saved his son’s life. I pictured how the mother reacted, thankful that I had intervened, and now the father was stubbornly trying to compensate for his resilient offspring, though I was sure he was a pathetic swimmer himself.
“Are you saying he can’t swim in the ocean?”
I looked into the vast ocean and all the boats sailing in the distance and realized how stupid his question sounded. “I need to get back to duty,” I replied, “go see your son. He just had a very traumatic experience.”
“That you caused.”
He definitely shattered my worldly moment, but I was still a savior to the mother and the observing crowd. I wanted to show him my middle finger, but instead turned my back on him and walked away, relishing what I had done. If this was what lifeguarding was, I could get used to this.
Disappointed that the years had passed, I sat in my lifeguard chair older and with more weight. I smiled at the good times and wondered how I was going to fix the present. My test was coming up and it was going to take a miracle for me to pass. I wanted time to stand still while I was safe in my lifeguard station and didn’t want to be put under any pressure. There were numerous times in the past that I had saved someone, and now a measly test blocked me from continuing my job. I felt disgusted that I hadn’t taken the time to improve myself even though I still didn’t want to start exercising.
I stood up and walked outside of my station to get some air and roamed around my area of responsibility. The beach was lively and was full of hot bodies, though in my saddened state, I didn’t feel like tending to anyone if a problem arose. I felt like an invisible idiot in my lifeguard station. Thinking of all the people I had saved in the past helped me get through the day.
During the last part of my shift, I noticed movement past the break in the waves. It looked odd and was moving closer towards the shore, but was still unknown. I stopped and then walked close to the water to get a better view. Most people were unconcerned and didn’t notice as they walked by me in their own world of fun. I readjusted my shorts around my suit and continued to stare at what was in the ocean. It definitely was not human.
What I was looking at was a seal caught in a net. It was struggling to break free from the netting that folded around its body and weaved around its back tail.
“Aww,” I said to myself feeling immediate sorrow for the seal. I began to hear it make noises off the coast, which made me want to rescue it.
I called in the radio and set down my things to go save it. If I could somehow pull the netting off of it, that would be sufficient enough and it could swim away. 
As I swam out, the seal was focused on its tail, trying to break free from the netting, but looked exhausted and ready to surrender to defeat. I followed it around in a circle until I was able to grab onto the netting to try to pull it free. It was wrapped tightly around the seal and was inhibiting any freedom that it would ever have.
“Hold on,” I said calmly, “I’m here to help you. Just let me see what I can do.”
Its slimy body brushed up against mine, which shocked me at first but I continued to unravel the netting.
“You got yourself into a big mess.” I couldn’t find where the beginning or ending of the netting was, or which way it would loosen.
While holding onto the net, I looked to the shore and thought this would be easier if I brought the seal to the shore so I wasn’t exhausting myself. If I let go of the seal, it would most likely struggle with the nets for the rest of its life until it gave up and died.
“C’mon girl… Or boy; whichever you are,” I said and began pulling it to shore.
It began yapping uncontrollably but it had no choice.
“Everything’s ok. You’re gonna be free in no time.” It was difficult to keep it calm while pulling it near the breaking waves, but then I finally dragged it onto the dry sand where the onlookers were curiously observing what I had brought onto the beach.
I heard chants and sounds of amazement with possible disbelief as I dragged the trapped seal onto the shore. “Does anybody have anything that will cut through these nets!” I shouted, hoping someone had what I was looking for.
Nobody responded, but I knew some left to go see what they had while others continued to watch me.
I kneeled down and began trying to unravel the net. The seal was lying on its side exhausted, almost deciding that its fate was going to be stuck in a net. The netting around its tail was the worst, which was going to need scissors to break it free. A few people knelt down beside me and began helping. The seal began to move its tail unexpectantly and grunted with fright. 
“Can someone hold it down,” I requested.
Soon enough, another bystander bent down and held its hands over the seal that seemed to get a second wind once it was surrounded by people. I looked at the expression in its face and into its eyes, full of desperation. Its whiskers were hanging off the side of its cheeks and the shape of its head closely resembled Jellybean.
Joe walked up behind me. “Peggy!” He didn’t sound too happy.
“What?” I said not looking up and continuing to pull the net off the seal. Being invested in the seal, I remembered that he was my boss; I looked up to see what he wanted.
“Come over here,” he ordered.
I stood up as another bystander took my place to unravel the netting around the seal. “Yes?”
“Is this what you called in?” he asked, “A seal?”
“Yes.” My mouth opened to continue, but immediately closed.
“This is not an emergency, and you have deserted your area of responsibility for a seal.”
“But it was going to die,” I said, keeping my voice steady.
“I don’t care. Your responsibility is for people only. Human beings,” he said, “Not animals.”
“What was I supposed to do? Leave it?”
“Yes. Once again, your responsibility is people. Is this not registering clear?”
I glanced over at the seal. Someone had found clippers and was cutting the netting around the seal. I smiled that it was almost free.
“Peggy,” Joe said getting my attention, “You can call animal control, but you do not sacrifice your responsibility for an animal.”
“Yes sir,” I said submissively but with a hidden smile.
“I’m going to call animal control and you are going to walk away from this scene and focus on people. Understood?”
“Yes sir.”
“Come with me,” Joe said.
I followed him towards my station and looked behind me to see the seal moving towards the ocean water. Applause erupted from the crowd as the bystanders congratulated each other. I smiled and walked with Joe, who had no concern for any life, but I was sure he was just doing his job, unlike me it seemed, once again. I wanted to share the moment with everyone when the seal was freed, like I had when I saved the boy; but for some reason, I felt better that I had saved the seal. Work’s obligations had many ethical concerns and didn’t allow me to participate fully in what I wanted, but at least I had a job… For now.
Chapter 23
After failing the physical test, I was suspended indefinitely until I was able to pass it. The test results were slightly worse than the last time, bringing further humiliation to my lifeguard status. It was an all time low, and the thought of what to do next for a job was stirring in my head. 
I loathed sitting in the doctor’s office, especially after I had been suspended. Other than having a headache from the night before was my only other complaint, but Joe’s supervisory concern had me get checked out by a doctor to make sure everything was fine with me. I knew it was my entire fault and I wasn’t motivated to change. It wasn’t like the doctor was going to find something magical that caused me to fail the test.
I began to regret not exercising before the test and all the time I had wasted away instead of practicing. It seemed like I was invincible since I had been lifeguarding for a long time but one small test had messed it all up.
Across from me in the waiting room was a mother reading a magazine to her child; her arm rested over her daughter, helping her read it. Another lady sat to the side of me and was deep into conversation with someone on her cell phone. Regardless if I was sick, visiting the doctor’s office always made me feel nervous. I associated it with physical suffering, and it led me to believe that I was susceptible to carry any disease.
“Peggy?” announced a nurse.
I got up and followed her to the back of the office. Her short blond hair was obviously dyed and her skin was smooth and radiant, which made me wonder how she got it that way; she probably was never in the sun how I was.
“How are you doing?” she asked and didn’t wait for my response, “We are going to give you a routine examination. Most of the things for the examination have been written in the packet you were given today. We have a lot people starting out as lifeguards coming into this office. You starting out?”
“Actually, just a routine examination. I’ve been a lifeguard for over five years now.” I said it proudly like there were no issues with my job at all.
“Oh, I’m sure you know a lot then,” she replied. She glanced at her clipboard and began shaking her head as she read. From her expression, it wasn’t bad, but her eyes said something else.
I didn’t want to tell her I was losing my job which would be a depressing conversation. Plus I didn’t want her to know. She illustrated someone who enjoyed gossip.
“The doctor wants to speak to you about your blood-work that was taken. But for now, I’m going to finish up with everything else.” She set her clipboard down and began her preliminary exam.
Once she was finished, the doctor came in. He was much older with a short grey hair. He breathed heavily through his nose as he examined my body. It seemed pointless but I didn’t say anything. I knew the reason why I had failed, but the process helped delay my fate.
After he was finished, he walked out and left me to wait for fifteen minutes. I impatiently tapped my foot thinking about rummaging through the office.
Upon his return, he addressed me anxiously while maintaining a smile, “I have some news for you Peggy.” He waited for me to engage him before continuing.
“And what is that?” I inquired.
“Looks like you are pregnant,” he replied tamely, “Going on about three months and about a week.”
The tapping of my foot stopped as I sat in the chair stunned. “I’m sorry, what?”
“You are pregnant,” he repeated, “And your baby is very healthy.”
“This can’t be true. Are you sure you have the right person?”
“I do,” he said and smiled again.
“This is not happening,” I said weakly, “What the hell…” My head pointed at the ground unable to take in the news.
The doctor moved in closer to me. “Unexpected pregnancy happens a lot Peggy. We can give you resources, instructions, nutrition, healthy habits, and support groups. Your next six months will be crucial. Please let me tell you that—”
“Wait,” I interrupted him, “So, I’m pregnant and I didn’t know?” The more I asked the more depressed I felt.
“Lighten up,” he replied, “I’m sure you noticed some signs. Anything occur in the past three months that was unusual?”
“I have been throwing up a lot, but that may be because I…” I stopped myself not wanting to tell him I had been drinking almost every night. “I mean, throwing up and nausea. All of that.”
“That is very common for expecting mothers,” he replied.
Everything became tunnel vision for me as I sat in his office. Everything he was saying became gibberish. The thought of motherhood was scary and the sensation vile.
“Go ahead and lay back and we and check out a few things,” he said expecting me to comply.
“I gotta go,” I said standing up. Accepting the reality of the situation was difficult to grasp.
“Peggy, please,” said the doctor.
“Sorry but I need some air,” I replied feeling nauseous. 
“Sure thing. We can reschedule whenever you like but the sooner the better,” said the doctor, “Just let the office know—”
I ran out the door and left him in the office without setting up another appointment. I felt like throwing up but held it in with deep breathes. 
I continued outside until I found a bathroom for solitude. I quickly barraged through the stall door, slammed down the toilet seat, and then sat down on the dirty toilet seat cover. I began crying and dropped my head in-between my legs. The white squared tile in the stall became wavy from my tears that dropped over my eyes.
“This can’t be happening,” I whispered to myself still crying.
I put my hands over my belly with disbelief. There was something growing inside of me which was half created from one of the many possible, but unknown fathers. I slammed my hands down on my kneecaps. How could this happen? First my job and then getting knocked up?
I began thinking of all the guys that I had slept with in the past. What was I doing three months ago and who was I doing? Everything seemed like a blur from going out, drinking, and then waking up hungover with a naked guy next to me. I wanted to disappear from it all because I knew I couldn’t handle it. I didn’t want to handle it. A powerful alcoholic drink was desirable at the moment.
I needed to talk with someone; someone who wouldn’t judge or reject my dilemma. I took out my phone and began searching through my contact list. My head began shaking with rejection with each name that scrolled up. There was nobody who I wanted to tell. They would just give me a displeasured response. Well… Except Kate.
The phone began ringing for Kate.
She finally answered, “Hey Peggy.”
“Hey Kate, listen up,” I said quickly, “I just got out of the doctor’s office and they said I was pregnant!”
“No way!” Kate responded, “You fucking with me or you serious? Cause if you are pregnant, you need to abort that slimy little thing before it’s too late.”
“I am pregnant,” I replied, “but an abortion would feel weird, wouldn’t it? And isn’t that against the norms of society? My parents would flip out about this topic.”
“Remember when I was pregnant? And what did I do?” Kate asked.
“You aborted it,” I said, “Did you feel bad about it?”
“Nope. I would have felt bad if I would have kept it and I had to raise it. Fuck that!” she said through the phone. Her voice was loud through the speaker and made me turn it down the volume on the phone.
“But I feel like its part of me,” I replied.
“Of course it is. But you gotta dump it before it’s too late. But don’t feel bad about it,” she paused and said firmly, “Peggy, get rid of it.”
“You’re probably right. I don’t even know whose it would be,” I said honestly.
“You slut,” Kate said with sudden amusement.
“Shut up,” I said back, “This is serious.”
“I’ll give you the number of the doctor who aborted my fetus,” Kate said.
“Eew, don’t call it that,” I replied sickly.
“Do you want it to be called a fetus or a baby?”
“A fetus, I guess.” I stopped to think. “Just stop acting like this isn’t a big thing Kate. My parents would kill me if they knew we were talking about this.”
“That’s why they’ll never know,” she replied.
“That’s for sure.”
“You’ll be fine Peggy,” Kate reassured, “Trust me. You will have such a harder time if you let this thing live. If you were older and ready, I’d say keep it, but do you really want to bring in another life on your account? We fuck up sometimes and we are allowed to do that because there are abortion clinics available. Are we responsible? Probably not. But who cares.”
“It just seems like a big decision even though I know I wouldn’t be able to handle this,” I continued, “I think if I had more support from people like you, I would feel better.”
“Most people can’t handle kids,” Kate stated, “And you are one of many.”
“Thanks for the reassurance,” I replied, “I seriously wouldn’t know who else to call about this other than you. Most people just make you feel terrible about having an abortion.”
“Oh, I got told by every person who wanted to put their nose in my business that what I was doing was wrong. Most of them are fucked up anyways. We are all fucked up for our own reasons too. Now-a-days, technology allows us to see a human-like creature inside our stomachs, and it smoothens our compassion for human life. It’s a shame that people have kids when they aren’t ready, even when they can abort it. When they say it’s the best thing that has happened to them, usually it means it’s the worst. You just can’t say that about your own baby though, but I know you would be thinking it.”
“I know. I think I just need to let this sink in,” I said nervously.
“Peggy, you’re fine,” Kate assured, “Guys jerk off on rags all the time killing millions of sperm. You’re just killing the one little twerp that invaded your womb. But right now that thing’s in the negative years... I guess what I’m saying is that no one has the right to tell you what or what not to do. It’s your decision. But as a friend, I am saying to push that disgusting thing out now.”
“That seems pretty crude,” I replied, “Now you’re making me feel worse.”
“Please stop being a baby about this. You’re the only real one crying.” Kate was becoming impatient with my repeated concerns and questions with abortion.
“I’m not crying,” I whined, “I just wish you’d be a little more empathetic. It sometimes seems like you don’t have any ability to show any emotion at all.”
“You’re probably right. I must be wired that way. You are like that too, but maybe not as much as me,” Kate said, “Sometimes it’s better not to show emotion or else you can get caught up with everything. Almost like a distraction. But I’m just telling you my opinion. You can take it or leave it.”
“I know,” I replied, “Thanks for the help.”
“That’s what I’m here for. I can’t believe it’s still alive after all the alcohol you’ve drank. Seems like a shot in the dark by whoever came inside you. And you don’t have any idea who the baby’s daddy is?”
“Don’t say baby’s daddy,” I replied, “I don’t know. I always make sure the other person is wearing a condom and I am pretty good about taking my birth control. I do remember some asshole who came inside me when I was passed out.”
“Really?” Kate replied surprised, “That’s fucked up.”
“Tell me about it. Real creepo too. But it could be him, or maybe another who got some in me.”
“Geez! You don’t even know Peggy! Abort that thing. That’s the last time I’m saying that,” Kate said.
“I know I know, I will, I think,” I replied.
“Do you have the number of that abortion doctor?” I asked.
“Yeah, let me see if I can find it,” Kate said.
“At least your doctor has already helped you so I know I’m not the only dumbass who has walked into his abortion clinic.”
“Shut up,” Kate replied. I heard here digging through papers and rustling things on her side of the phone.
While waiting, the toilet flushed next to me, followed by a cough of an older lady. Her stall door opened and the sound of heals clattered on the ground as she walked towards the sink.
“Shit,” I whispered.
“What?” Kate said continuing to dig through her stuff.
Still whispering, “Some bitch was sitting next to me in the bathroom the whole time we were talking.”
“Why are you in the fucking bathroom?” 
“I don’t know. It seemed like the best place to go,” I replied frustrated.
I heard the faucet turn on and the water splash from her hands. She dried them off with a paper towel. A high pitched sneeze resonated off the wall; then the door opened and slammed closed.
“Ok, she’s gone,” I said increasing my voice, “I feel so stupid.”
“So what,” Kate said, “Stop making a big deal out of everything.”
“Cut me some slack, will you?” I replied, “I just found out I’m pregnant.”
“Shit happens,” Kate said.
“I know,” I mumbled, “Being responsible is a terrible burden.”
Kate finally found the number for the abortion doctor. I put it in my phone and saved it in my contacts as abortion.
After I hung up from talking to Kate, I felt better about everything. It was good to know she had gone through the same hassle, though I didn’t want to tell anybody else. The idea of ripping a baby from my stomach was demoralizing but it had to be done, secretly. 
I exited the stall and walked to the sink and mirror. My face was still moist from tears. It made me think if Kate had ever cried over something; she was never the emotional type. I could never see her being a mother, and I was glad that she had an abortion before me. 
The sink was wet from the woman that was listening to me from the adjacent stall. I washed my face and then dabbed my makeup with a paper towel. I decided to return to the doctor’s office and talk with him. He needed to see that I was stable and hadn’t overreacted about my news of being pregnant.
Whoever the dad was, I wanted to kick him in the balls.
Chapter 24
Against abortion - I don’t want to kill the fetus. It’s part of me.
For abortion - Father is unknown/possible creepo. Father is most likely retarded. I wouldn’t be a good mother. I wouldn’t get good child support. I’m not responsible. I like caring for myself only. I enjoy independence. Having a baby would hurt like hell.
I set down my pencil and studied what I had written. It seemed my only issue was killing something that was inside of me. My compassion and possible maternal instinct was telling me to keep it, however, my overwhelming logic told me it wouldn’t be right. Staying ambivalent as possible was the only way to make a solid decision, but it was easy to involve emotion. Abortion was more prevalent in my head before I had made the list, but it was important not to miss anything. I shook my head yes for abortion and took out the number to schedule an appointment.   
Soon enough, my body would go back to normal. Setting up an appointment helped me conjure up an idea for my job. Pregnancy was a disability, and if it inhibited my ability to pass the physical test, I was going to use it as an excuse. My shocking news would hopefully change their perception of me. I would be able to use my pregnancy to keep my job, and then when it was confirmed, I could get an abortion.
Before work, I put on some tight clothes that exposed my belly. There was a bundle of shirts and skirts lying on the ground that I had used before. The thought of having an excuse as to why I didn’t pass the physical test made me feel better, like it wasn’t my fault. Since I had set up a meeting for an abortion, it made me feel like the fetus was no longer inside of me, but I was going to excessively impersonate being pregnant to Joe and the human resource department. I glanced at myself in the mirror and then left to tell them the news. The whole drive over, I rehearsed of what I was going to say.
As I walked to Joe’s office, I held my belly, exaggerating my condition. He was talking with another lifeguard across from his desk. His hands were propped up from the desk and he dropped them as I entered.
“I have something to tell you,” I announced.
“What is it?” he said bothered I had interrupted him.
“It’s important and I need to tell you in private,” I said.
“Excuse me but let me finish up here,” he gestured with a dismissive hand.
I sighed and walked back outside to wait. My hands rested on my hips impatiently. Perhaps my attire was too slutty, but it showed off my belly nonetheless. Outside the office were lifeguard tubes hanging from a rack with a backboard in the corner. It made me feel nostalgic that I wasn’t in my command post gazing over the people swimming in the ocean. I also thought about who was working today and how the morning meeting went that I was unable to attend.
The door opened, making my head turn. Joe walked out with a new lifeguard I hadn’t seen before and showed her to the door. I hated the thought that she was my replacement. “Thanks for coming in,” Joe said to her. 
She glanced at me impolitely and whipped the front of her hair to the side. Her pony tail wagged as she walked away.
Joe motioned for me to enter, “Ok Peggy.” His eyes showed discouragement that I came to visit.
I followed him in and took a seat gingerly, like I was caring for two. The chair creaked giving notice to my delayed sit-down.
“What’s going on?” he asked. He said it fast like he had better things to attend to. Since I was no longer his employee, it seemed he didn’t care about me anymore. 
“I have some news which may explain my failure of the physical test,” I said.
“And what is that? You can’t explain the evidence of years of decline in times and scores. I don’t know how you could possibly argue that. It’s very simple when you think about it.”
I thought about his explanation for my increased fatigue and weight gain but shrugged it off. “Joe, I’m pregnant.” My hands gently slide down to my stomach.
“You’re pregnant?” he said restraining his smile, “Really?” 
“Yes, and that is why I failed the test,” I replied.
“You failed many tests before this Peggy, but if this is true, we would need documentation and discuss this with human resources. I’m almost sure you couldn’t get paternal leave since you have shown previous failures but we will see. It depends on how far you are along and when you were suspended. Perhaps we can see if there is some way to ask for an extension. You would still have to pass the physical test though. But like I said, this is a human resources thing.”
“I didn’t mean for this to happen,” I said, displaying a sympathetic tone, “but I feel this is important to bring up because it has affected my attempted efforts to pass the physical test.”
“Yes I know. And like I said, we will set up a meeting about this with human resources,” Joe replied. He picked up his pencil and started writing. He looked up at me with disgust. “From my observation, you don’t sound too excited about this Peggy.” He knew I wasn’t married or didn’t have a boyfriend.
“I am excited,” I said, “I’m just worried about my job and I want to keep it.”
“Understandable,” Joe replied and continued to write, “What I’m going to do is give you a call later once I have heard back from human resources and we will set up a meeting. That work?”
“Yes sir,” I nodded my head and took the piece of paper with his number.
“If I don’t call you back by today, call me.”
We got up and he showed me out the door; the entire time he didn’t say anything else. I sensed he didn’t want to see me anymore, and he had just been inconvenienced by me for the last time. My hands held onto my stomach on the way out, trying to show to him I needed assistance.
Without any help from Joe, I found myself walking out by myself. He sounded fed up with me and knew that I hadn’t put any effort into exercising. He always seemed to be uptight with me whenever my personal viewpoints were made apparent to him. I looked back to see if he was watching me, but he had closed the door behind me and shut the blinds in his window. Walking onto the beach, I took out my cell phone to call the doctor’s office to acquire documentation that I was pregnant. This was my only hope to keep my job. I thought about how my grandma would handle my situation; she would probably sleep with Joe to get her job back.
After calling the doctor, I then called the abortion clinic to reschedule my abortion. I needed more time until I could receive an answer about my job, but a minor delay wouldn’t hurt anything. Calling them earlier was difficult enough, but now I was just adding more humiliation.
“If you are having second thoughts we can set you up with someone to talk to,” responded the lady on the other line, “We know this is a big decision.”
“I’m fine, I’m just postponing it another week,” I replied. There was no way to explain to an abortion clinic my reasoning for postponing.
“We don’t recommend that you do this,” replied the lady.
“It might be sooner, I just need some extra time,” I said.
“Very well,” she said and began typing.
After rescheduling, I jumped with excitement that my whole scheme might actually work. Lifeguarding was the only profession I knew how to do; it was something natural. The thought of having to get an unwanted job was difficult to bear. This had to work.
In the meantime, I headed back home and waited for a call from Joe.
Chapter 25
I was called into the human resources office shortly after they learned that I was pregnant. Only two hours had passed until I was told to come in and speak with Joe and the human resources guy. I didn’t remember his name but I had spoken with him on several occasions to correct my behavior in the past.
After being introduced to him, minutes later, I forgot his name again. His round bald head and small ears made me want to laugh whenever he looked sideways.
“Once again, thanks for seeing us on such short notice Tom,” Joe said to him.
I stored his name in my memory.
“No problem,” he replied and directed his question to me, “So Peggy. According to our records from when you were suspended, and the medical records from how long you’ve been pregnant, you do not qualify for paternity leave. I’m sorry to break this news to you but your suspension occurred because of a different issue. Joe has given me a history of failed times before this pregnancy had occurred. Our policy states that you must work for us more than 1 year, which you have, and that you must be sixteen weeks into pregnancy. You are a few weeks short and your suspension from failing the physical test occurred before that, indicating that your leave has disqualified you for any benefits. If you’re suspension had occurred after sixteen weeks, then we would have a different conversation. But for now, your job remains in suspension until you are able to pass the physical test.”
“But I have been working here for over five years and I’m almost at sixteen weeks pregnant,” I pleaded.
“That may be true but you are suspended and you will no longer be working for us until you pass the physical test. You cannot receive any type of paternity leave,” he replied.
“So what am I supposed to do? Just have my baby without any help? Not be able to get another job while taking care of my baby?” I raised my voice feeling frustrated and trying to seek some mercy.
“I apologize, but if you look at your history of failing the physical tests, it dates back long before you were pregnant. You have been failing these tests for quite some time.”
“This is unfair. I feel like I’m being stabbed in the back. I have been loyal and nothing but a hard worker, and this is what I get back in return?” I slammed my hands onto my knees.
Joe and Tom knew I was upset, but there was nothing they could do for me. Tom reviewed the terms he had stated earlier with me. Each line, I tried to find some fault or defect that would allow me to keep my job, but their policy wasn’t amenable to human emotion. 
Tom took a breath, “We are willing to reconsider accepting you back after you have your baby, but like Joe has repeated to you many times, you must pass the physical test.”
“Yeah, I know. You told me a billion times in this office already,” I said sarcastically giving up hope for keeping my job.
“That is all we can do for you,” Tom said.
“This is bullshit,” I replied and flipped the papers from the table and into the air. Tom and Joe didn’t react and watched the papers fly in every direction until everything settled down on the desk and the floor; some fell into Joe’s lap. Joe put his arm across Tom, almost to hold him back, but he didn’t try to get up. I grunted and headed to the door with my feet stomping on the ground. My body was tense and full of incensed energy that needed to be relieved.
“Peggy, wait,” Joe said following behind me.
“Leave me alone Joe,” I replied with my hand on the door handle.
“I’ll keep seeing what I can do,” he said calmly, “But just know that you will have a chance to get your job back.”
“You know, I don’t want it back if this is how I am treated!” I yelled still looking ahead.
Joe backed away as I pushed the door open and left. He got the hint that I needed my space.
As I walked out, the scenery of the ocean stirred up more anger in my blood that I wasn’t lifeguarding. My fists began to clench and my breathing increased each time I saw someone dive into the ocean water.
I walked straight through the people on the sidewalk leading up to my car, disregarding any contact that I made with them. Everyone walked around my darkened path of destruction, with no motivation to pursue me further that I had upset them. I plunged through a family getting ready for a day out on the beach and ignored their comments directed towards me to ‘watch my step.’ Everyone around me was contributing to my inability to control the world and only fueled the fire inside me.
I got into my truck, still feeling tense from the meeting and cursed Joe and Tom under my breath. Settling into my seat, the car shook as my hand fiercely gripped my keys and started the truck. I looked back and stepped on the gas in reverse, not caring if people were behind me; it was better that they weren’t. I pushed the gear into drive as my truck pealed out from the parking lot. It was the first time I had pushed down hard on the pedal, frightening everyone walking in the parking lot. They scattered to the side as my truck sped past the parked cars until I braked before entering the street. It felt good to drive fast but it wasn’t enough to release my anger. I started thinking of Joe and Tom again and their lack of thoughtfulness for someone in need. Although I was lying about my situation, it was disturbing to think that they could allow this to happen to me.
“Tom thinks he’s so smart. Fucking prick,” I mumbled to myself.
My truck quickly scooted down the street as my foot heavily pushed down the pedal. I drove up fast behind the car in front of me and began tailgating him. They were going the speed limit but it wasn’t as fast as I wanted to go. I switched back and forth between each lane while pushing down on the gas and the brake.
I quickly jolted to the left and sped past the red car. “Get off the road if you aren’t going to drive.” I pulled in front of the red car to demonstrate that I wanted him to go faster.
Another car pulled in front of me from the connecting road. After conquering the slow red car, the same thing was going to have to be done to the green van that was inconsiderate enough to make me firmly apply my brakes. I quickly pulled left again to drive around him. “What is wrong with you people today?” I grunted.
I took out my phone to call the abortion doctor. “Hi, I made an appointment to cancel but I’d like to set up a new and sooner time.”
I gave them my information as I swerved in front of another truck.
“And what time would you like it?” asked the lady.
“As soon as possible,” I replied.
“We have a slot available for tomorrow at nine in the morning from someone cancelling? Does that work for you?” she asked. Her typing clearly came through the speaker.
I thought about getting up early. “Is there a later time?”
“I’m sorry but we wouldn’t have a time until the week after.”
“Nine o’clock will do then,” I replied. 
I drove around another car that was taking their sweet ass time.
“Ok Peggy, we will see you at nine in the morning tomorrow,” she said happily. The abortion clinic probably thought I was indecisive about aborting my baby, though nothing was said to me directly anymore.
I hung up and focused my attention back to the obstacles of cars that drove slowly in my way. It was like they were purposefully making my day more difficult for every corner I turned.
My phone began ringing. I picked up the phone from my lap and saw that it was my mom. I already had ignored her past texts and phone calls from earlier.
With hesitation, I let out a sigh and answered it. “What?”
“Is that any way to greet your mother?” she replied offended.
“What do you want mom?” I said as I sped past another car.
“Let’s try this over Peggy. How about you say, ‘Nice to hear from you mom’ or simply, ‘hello?’”
“I’m not in the mood mom,” I said exhausted, “I’ve had a rough day.”
“Oh that’s too bad dear,” she replied, “Anyways, I had two questions. You didn’t respond to my question about the back door that was broken. Why did you change it? It took me about a half an hour to open it, and the only reason I did was because your father showed me.”
“I accidentally ran into it, so I replaced it. What’s the other question?” I said impatiently.
“Oh, ok… My other question was to see of you wanted to get lipo with me?”
“I already told you, I don’t want to,” I said ready to hang up the phone. She was beginning to pressure me too much into liposuction. 
“My treat. They are doing a buy one get one half off deal, sort of speaking. C’mon, please?” she asked.
“No mom,” I replied, “Your fascination with this is starting to go overboard. I don’t want to do this with you. I never want to be humiliated like that.”
“It’s not humiliation,” she replied quickly, “It’s like sculpting yourself down to an art. At least come with me to see how the process is done.”
“If I do this will you drop it?” I asked hoping it would be the end of it.
“I think it would convince you more than anything,” she replied.
“That doesn’t sound like you are going to drop it.”
“I will drop it Peggy, sheesh. You make it sound so terrible.”
“Is that all you wanted to tell me?” 
“I think so.”
I waited for her to think. She genuinely had nothing else to say to me.
“I gotta go then,” I said and hung up the phone. I threw it to the passenger side on the floor. It made a thud sound and rested with the screen facing the floor. I didn’t want to answer any more phone calls for today. Everyone and everything pissed me off.
As I turned the corner, I looked over at my phone gently resting on the car mat.
I suddenly felt deprived without my phone on my side. “God I’m pathetic,” I said and reached for the phone. My left hand held on the wheel as I reached for the phone with my other hand. It was still out of reach, so I unbuckled my seatbelt to fully gain a grip of it.
“Gotcha!” I said and pulled my phone back onto my lap.
I glanced down at my phone to see a missed call and knew it was from my mom. She knew something was wrong with me but she was never going to find out about my abortion. I received another text and opened it up.
Before I was able to read it, a car slammed into me from the side.
“Shit!” I yelled and pulled my car away from the impact, only to realize I was drifting into oncoming traffic. I quickly jerked the wheel back into my lane, causing my phone to fall to my feet. 
The sounds of horns began to siren into my car. My truck felt uncontrollable as I looked ahead of me anticipating another collision. Panic stampeded through my veins as I hit the breaks for the car in front of me, but it was too late. My truck crashed into the car; the impact sounded like a shotgun going off in front of my face. In the blink of an eye, my feeble body was forced forward, cracked into the steering wheel, and then flipped over the dashboard. 
I could feel my bones break in my body; how many I didn’t know. The chaotic clashes of steel and car parts whirled in the air. As the car flew over the crash, I dropped into a paralyzed state. 
I didn’t remember the car landing on the ground.
Chapter 26
Motionless in my sleep and fighting to wake up, I was alive but mentally unaware of what consciousness was. I knew there was more to being trapped in my thinking, and there needed to be an escape from my own reality. It seemed I would have a flashback, dream, or even think I was living, but nothing ever made sense, and then my mind would forget what had happened. There was no time; only until the moment I woke up from my coma did I begin to realize life outside of my head. 
I remembered waking up when I was a kid around my stuffed animals and dolls. Each one gave me a smile and reminded me that they were all in my dreams from last night. My mom would sometimes gently caress the side of my cheek with her soft hand waking me up for school. Whether my dolls, stuffed animals, or other people, it seemed I always woke up with someone or something new.
As I awoke from my coma state, my mom sat next to me with her fingers scaling the side of my cheek. She was to the side of me smiling and loosened the bed sheets around me. 
“It’s a miracle,” she shouted.
I forced my eyes open and directed my attention to her voice repeating my name. I didn’t smile, but was trying to regain my senses. My sight was blurry and a constant buzz rang through my ears as I began to hear my mother’s voice scream with excitement. The smell of rubber gloves and soap added to the bitter taste in my mouth. I brushed my cracked lips against each other and with my tongue, felt the dried crud that had collected around my mouth.
Soft blankets covered me up to the shoulders, making me feel snug, but for some reason, I felt restless. The twin sized bed had bars bolted around the sides that didn’t allow me to fall off. Numerous bodies were walking back and forth in blue and green suits. I realized I was in a hospital. The sound of my heart monitor was beating faster the more I moved my head and twitched my fingers. Of all the places to wake up in, a hospital was the worst.
The doctor’s appeared from behind my mother; their faces obscure. Trying to focus on both of them was difficult and made my head spiral out of control, so I looked away, but the hospital walls were bright and caused me to squint my eyes; so instead, I tried to look directly in front of me.
“Mom?” my voice screeched. I tried to push myself up, but I felt weak. Something looked different about her, though her figure looked like a wave from my waking eyes. More nurses and doctors continued to walk around my bed and began talking and checking the machines around me. I felt their hands on my arms as they instructed me to calmly remain in bed. There was nowhere to go since I felt like a rock. If I moved my head sideways, I feared that it might get permanently stuck, so I kept looking ahead of me. The insides of my body were like jelly and my arms weak, like I couldn’t lift a pound.
“Why am I here?” I whispered and felt that was the last bit of energy I had remaining in me.
“You have been comatose for some time,” said the doctor, “But keep resting and do not exert yourself. Everything is alright. Your mom is at your side and we are here to help you.”
Two other nurses and doctor were at my side. One was talking to me while the others were checking my vital signs. They made me feel important as I relaxed, feeling debilitated in my bed. I followed the directions of the doctor and closed my eyes. I felt tired, and even though my mom was next to me, I drifted back into sleep. Everything seemed unimportant.
Several hours later, when I was able to focus to comprehend my situation, my mother and father sat next to me alongside my bed with faces of exhilaration. Stan was behind them texting in the chair against the wall. He was much older and his body had filled out like he was all grown up. 
“Peggy!” my mom cheered.
I was now able to clearly look at her physique which was slimmer and bustier. Her stomach was narrow and curved up to her chest. Her face was different, looking spread apart but still feminine while her makeup was heavy but had a younger look than last time I had seen her. 
“What is wrong with you mom?” I asked like it was my eyesight that disoriented her looks. She had lost a lot of weight, gained more cleavage, and had a different looking nose. Every time I looked at her, I found something new on her face.
“It’s not the issue at hand my dear,” she replied, “How are you feeling?”
“I feel a little dizzy. I’m hungry and feel like I’m going to throw up. Other than that, I’m trying to remember what the hell is going on.”
My dad spoke up and edged his head in closer, “You’ve been in a coma for a long time Peggy.” He sniveled his nose. His hair was grayer and his glasses thicker. He was slightly thinner as well but his face was the same, aside from looking older.
“You got old, dad,” I said.
My mom and dad both chuckled.
“Remember honey. Ease this in for her,” my dad said to my mom.
Stan got up from his chair and stood behind my mom and dad.
“Holy shit Stan,” I said surprised, “You got big. How are you so tall? Mom and dad are at least a half a foot shorter than you. This doesn’t make sense.”
Stan’s long arms lifted up as he shrugged his shoulders. He didn’t know how to respond to me but I knew he was receptive to what was going on. It was nice to see his mature face for some reason, even though I never enjoyed him much. His hair was longer but looked to be dyed more of a lighter color. Although his face looked slightly rougher and his cheekbones were more prominent, he still was young and had the same color in his eyes.
“Do you remember anything before you got here?” my mom asked. 
I was still eyeing her breasts and wondered how they got so perky with her skinny body. “All I remember is talking to you on my phone. After that…” I thought about it for a moment. “Some asshole hit me… Wait I hit them, or maybe someone from behind?” I stopped talking since it hurt my head from what had happened.
“A car crash Peggy,” my mom finished my sentence. It doesn’t matter who was at fault. It’s still to be determined but for some reason he thinks you hit him. He didn’t press charges since…” she paused, “I don’t think he knows the importance of life. But let’s hope we don’t hear from him again.”
“Yeah, don’t worry about that,” my dad added.
I thought about the crash and then looked back at Stan. “How the fuck did you get so big?”
Stan smiled and shrugged his shoulders again. His shirt was tight around his arms and sunglasses were folded over the collar of his shirt. He looked at my mom to answer the question.
A doctor was checking the machine. He looked at me startled that I had cursed.
“Ok honey, we are all together and have some news to tell you,” my mom said hesitantly.
My dad put his arm behind my mom, trying to give her support. “Please listen. We will go slowly.”
My mom put her hand on my arm and looked me in the eyes. I studied her face to see her nose smaller and her face wider apart. It was too unreal. Stan formed a grin on his face as he watched me stare at our mom. I gave him a disgruntled look and then focused back my mother’s fake face.
“Peggy,” my mom started, “You have been in a coma for almost seven years.” She paused and continued to look into my eyes.
“I don’t believe you,” I replied with obvious denial. I didn’t know what to expect so my first reaction was resistance. After looking around the hospital walls, I gave it some more thought. “How could this be?”
My mom sighed and shared a moment of sympathy with my dad. She continued, “A lot has happened. First of all, you are thirty-three years old and you have been in a coma since you were twenty six. Well… almost twenty seven. What happened was that you got in a car crash when you were twenty six and haven’t woken up since then. This is the first time that we have been able to talk with you.” A tear of satisfaction fell off of her cheek. She was holding in the rest.
“It’s so great to see you alive and well,” my dad said. He double checked the machines to confirm his statement, “And we will finally get to celebrate your upcoming birthday together.”
A discomforted smile formed on my face, still thinking about how I had lost almost seven years of my life. “What happened with my job? My friends? Why is your face how it is mom? And why is Stan so fucking tall?” 
“This is a lot to take in honey,” my dad replied, “Mom has done a lot of work with her body and face over the years, and Stan… Well, he has simply been growing.”
Stan looked at me and winked. His face began to look alien to me like I had never seen him before. I was going to have to create a whole new relationship with him. Either way, he was still the same annoying teenager to me. His hair seemed to fit his face better than from the past.
“Ok, so I’ve been asleep for almost seven years?” I asked, knowing my question was somehow going to be answered.
“That is correct,” my mom replied slowly, “So much has happened too. You won’t believe it until you see it.” Her shirt was unbuttoned cleverly not to show too much attention but obviously made them noticeable to the public.
My dad put his arm on her shoulder almost to hold in her excitement to tell me something. “We have retired. Mom is working on a movie part, and Stan is in his third year of college. He’s studying biology right now. He said he wants to be a veterinarian.”
My mom tapped my dad’s arm, “Stan can tell her that.”
My brother felt obligated to say something, “It’s true. I remembered you always talking about helping out animals and it inspired me once you went into your coma.”
I smiled briefly. I was happy for him but that was always a dream that was close to my heart. To think that he was going to live out my dream troubled me.
“That’s great. Um… So its seven years later,” I pondered, “So I’ve lost my youth? I’ve become middle aged… Time just skipped past the best part of my years.”
“Skipped some parts, but you are alive Peggy,” my mom said.
“Alive, yes,” I started saying, “Behind, yes. Dreams gone, yes. No future, yes”
“You are still young,” Stan said smiling.
I didn’t want him to say that to me. He didn’t know what it was like. “Shut up Stan,” I whispered.
“We have so much catching up to do,” my mom said.
“No, I have so much catching up to do,” I said dejected and began crying. My hand reached for the pillow to put over my head.  “This can’t be! I am older. I don’t want to be old!”
“You’re only thrity-three years old,” my dad said.
I could feel my mom’s arms around me. She began to rub them, trying to comfort me.
“It’s ok Peggy,” she said, “You have been through so much with the coma and all. It’s a miracle that you woke up. It was like you awakened and knew I was talking to you.”
“I know it’s a lot to take in, but we’re here with you,” my dad consoled.
“What has all happened when I was away?” I asked moving the pillow to the side of my head. I felt like my life was over. Tears rolled down my face unable to grasp the situation.
“A lot Peggy,” my dad responded, “Once again, we retired. Mom is trying out for an acting role in a television show, which I think she’s going to get. Stan moved out to the dorms at his university, though he still visits home all the time. Oh, and we got a new dog. She’s so cute. A little cute labrador retriever.”
“And Jellybean?” I asked, beginning to understand her fate.
“She passed away,” my mom said.
“So she died. Not pass away. Died,” I said weeping.
“Yes, that’s what happened,” my dad said. He knew I was having difficulty with handling everything.
I began crying again and pushing the pillow over my face. I could feel the wetness of my tears soak into the pillow and spread around my face.
“I miss my friends too,” I cried, “Nothing will ever be the same!”
I could hear doctors walk in and out of the room. My pulse was beeping rapidly from the machine. I took the pillow off of my face, trying to calm down, and slowly breathed in through my nose. My mom and dad were both over me concerned, but didn’t know how to help the situation. Stan had sat back down in the chair behind my parents and began texting on his phone. 
Once I regained my composure, my parents began telling me of their stories while I was in a coma.
My mom told me that as she perfected herself with plastic surgery, she began applying for acting positions. She had been accepted for some minor roles from friends of my grandma. She was picking up where my grandma left off. She was fake and had become a different looking person in seven years. As I watched her tell her stories, she didn’t look anything like how I remembered her. Her hair was dyed a dark brown and her make-up was heavy on her face hiding any wrinkles with the assistance of Botox and face lifts, but her wrinkled neck revealed her true age. Even her teeth were unnaturally white.
“I had to postpone my second interview just to see you wake up,” she said dignified, “They are calling me back tomorrow but they basically said that I got the part.”
“I feel honored,” I replied sarcastically. The more she talked, the more I didn’t care. I tried to change the subject to see what my dad had been up to. He was admiring my mom the whole time she was telling her stories of minor fame.
My dad looked much older and had grown a scruffy beard that was gray. He didn’t have anything new happening in his life since he was retired, but I was sure my mom kept him entertained. He wore shaggy clothes and told me that he didn’t care about his personal appearance anymore, contradictory to my mom. He looked much happier than before. He explained to me how his personal projects around the house were going and how he built a shed in the backyard. Next to his shed was a garden of plants of different fruits and vegetables. He was always a good cook, so the garden helped make his meals tastier.
The stories my parents told didn’t surprise me. I was happy to hear about my dad retiring but upset with my mom that she had let plastic surgery and lipo get to her head. Although everyone looked older, I decided I was able to tolerate them a little more than before. My parents told stories of my brother as he sat in the back with his phone. He didn’t say much and let our parents tell the stories. I wasn’t going to call him out, and an argument was something that I didn’t need. My stress level was already high, mainly because I was seven years older with nothing to show for, except being a brain-dead anomaly.
Apparently, Stan had a girlfriend of two years. He pegged me as more of a single hopeless romantic but I remembered how he had a co-dependent side to him. I didn’t understand why Stan had taken an interest to biology and animals once I began my coma since he was not paying attention to my revival in the hospital. I felt jealous, but I convinced myself that it was more than I ever thought that he would be. 
After my family helped put things into perspective, they let me get some rest. I felt like I a bomb had dropped into my head and I didn’t know how to react to the aftermath.
“We have some of the best news to tell you too Peggy,” said my mom.
“What’s that?” I asked.
“Get some rest and we’ll tell you tomorrow,” my dad said.
“I knew there was something missing,” I replied, “What is it?”
“Just get some rest and we’ll tell you tomorrow,” my dad responded.
I watched Stan roll his eyes as he put his phone in his pocket. I waved at him since he didn’t say goodbye. There was something off about him. It was like he had become autistic.
I knew nobody was going to tell me the news they were hiding. Perhaps it was better they weren’t going to tell me until I let everything sink in. I tried to think of what was missing from my past life, but nothing came to mind.
“Rest sweetheart,” my mom said as the doctors escorted her out.
I watched them leave my room; the farther they walked, the lonelier I felt.  
The doctors came in once they left. “Ok Peggy,” said the male doctor checking the machines behind me, “We have to do some tests and then we will let you rest.”
“Ok then,” I said not having a choice in the matter.
I sat back as the doctors assembled their equipment, test tubs, and syringes. They moved me around and hooked me up with the machines. The entire time, I thought of what my parents were not telling me.
Chapter 27
I readjusted my body upright so I could see the television better. The nurses would turn me and then move my legs, back, and arms around so I didn’t get any bed sores. The lower half of my body felt glued to the bed and was not getting the blood flow needed.
There was always someone coming in to test me, move me, or check my vital signs. I knew I had been in a coma, but they were acting like I was going to go back into a coma.
The back of my legs were the sorest. I knew the bed sores under them were a concern to the nurses since they paid attention to them the most. I didn’t want to look at my legs for fear I would see something awful. There was no feeling in them at all.
The food was flavorful but mediocre, and it was similar to eating baby food. The only problem was I ate it for morning, lunch, and dinner. Ice cream was served after my dinner, giving me some excitement for the day. 
My skin was pale and softer than I had remembered. I was afraid for when I was going to have to start walking. It felt like my legs would collapse if I were to stand up. Seven years without walking gave me uncertainty and fear that I would never do it again. It felt like my toes could wiggle, but there was no movement under the sheets.
The nurse walked in and started working on my back legs. She gave me a smile and turned me to the side. I knew she hated to look at my backside. We gave up on small talk while she treated my backside. I continued to eat as she worked on my bed sores.
Going to the bathroom was the worst. I felt incapable of doing anything for myself and it was embarrassing when I had to use the bed pan, then hand the nurse the smelly waste I had created. 
The good news was that my strength was increasing with each day. 
I pictured what my friends, especially Kate was doing. Since my parents and brother had changed, I hadn’t had the opportunity to look at myself in the mirror to see how I had changed. I could see the blurry reflection of me lying on my bed from the TV on the wall. The only reason why I didn’t ask to see myself was because I knew I look hideous, and possibly different.
Losing seven years of my life was something unimaginable. I never thought I would be asleep during the best part of my life. The last thing I remembered was driving my car and then colliding into another driver. I remembered I was mad that I wasn’t going to be a lifeguard anymore, and that human resources had denied my requests to receive paternity leave. But now, I was certain that I was never going to be a lifeguard again. My medical insurance was probably cut loose, though it was comforting to know that my parents would have the money to pay the medical bills so I wouldn’t be in debt for the rest of my life.
“Do you need anything else?” asked the nurse.
I wanted a male nurse but I replied, “I’m fine for now.” If I didn’t have to be reliant on everybody, I would have enjoyed being served from my hospital bed. 
My next thoughts were of when I would be able to leave the hospital. I was ready to start my life again much older but with the same amount of energy I had before. Watching the television from my hospital bed made me want to participate in the drama of life and not be stuck in a hospital feeling anxious. My future wasn’t exactly at an advantageous point; I was thirty three years old without a job and in need of extensive rehabilitation. The only highlight of my day was when I received ice cream, and that was all I could do was eat and then shit. Seven years ago, I was nervous about turning thirty when I was twenty-six, but now my age had snuck up on me with a vengeance.
My mom knocked on the door while pushing it open slowly. She marched in with her slim body and fake breasts and then quietly closed the door behind her. She leaned up against my bed looking at what the machines said and then back to me. 
I gazed at her fake body that had brought back memories of her trying to convince me into joining her world of liposuction and plastic surgery. I’m sure anyone who looked at her would see the false image she had created. My dad only glorified her delusion.
She looked at me with worry but didn’t say anything. She noticed I was judging her sculpted, yet fake body and she gave me a grin to hint that she knew I was looking at her.
“You’re crazy, you know that right?” I said to her. 
“Honey, you just don’t understand,” she replied without shame, “I know I must have changed a lot and it’s shocking, but you’ll get used to it.”
“I am already used to it, I think. It was different to see people age naturally, and then you just look unusually different,” I said.
“Unusually different?” my mom asked, “I’m not unusually different.” She was about to say something and then stopped. “It doesn’t matter. Let’s drop this plastic surgery thing and get past our differences.” Something new that I noticed on her fraudulent face was her eyes looked like they had been lifted, which made them more slanted.
“That’s fine,” I replied, continuing to look at the changes in her face. Her hair had been straightened out which made her look younger, but the obvious wrinkles and wear of her face behind her makeup said otherwise.
“How is your stress level from one to ten? Ten being the most stressed,” she asked.
“Umm… I dunno,” I replied, “Maybe a five. It was definitely surprising at first and then I felt a lot of nausea but I’m doing better. I am thirty three, right?”
“Yes you are,” she said, “And I’m happy you are feeling better.” She paused and looked down. “Are you doing better at handling the news of everything?”
“I guess. To the best of my ability,” I replied, “So, speaking of news, what was that stuff you were going to tell me?”
“That’s what I was going to tell you today and I wanted to make sure you were up for it before I overload your brain.”
“I should be fine. Nothing could really surprise me any more than I’ve been asleep for almost seven years,” I said chuckling but immediately felt depressed afterwards. “By the way, where’s dad and Stan at?”
“They are at home. They thought it would be better if I were just here with you,” she replied.
I could tell she was hesitant on what she was about to tell me. She didn’t want to say it in fear of my retaliation. But what could she be hiding that was so bad? My mom was usually very open, making this a rare occasion for her not to say what was on her mind.
“What is it mom?” I said impatiently.
“We knew you were pregnant,” she blurted out.
“Yeah, and it was aborted,” I replied and then stopped, “Well, I was going to have it aborted. But why is this a concern if I couldn’t even have the baby since I was in a coma?”
“You did have a baby,” my mom said.
“Stop fucking with me,” I replied angrily, “That’s impossible.”
“It was possible,” she said, “Look at your stomach.”
“This is stupid,” I remarked while lifting up my shirt to look at my stomach. Below my ribs and down through my bellybutton was a long scar that had been healed, but was still visible that I had an operation.
“Oh, that reminds me,” my mom said looking under my hospital shirt, “There is a lot of excess skin on you. I’m going to schedule a meeting for you with my doctor so he can take away a lot of that excess fat.” 
“Shut up mom,” I replied. I pressed my fingers over the scar along my stomach. “What happened?”
“You had a baby,” my mom replied.
“Mom! This isn’t funny,” I said feeling uneasy, “I was going to abort it!”
“Why would you want to abort such a beautiful thing inside of you? How could you react so poorly to this? You have a beautiful daughter named Alexis.”
“Alexis? How old is she?” I replied not believing her.
“Six years old,” my mom said proudly.
“I didn’t want a kid mom! I had an abortion scheduled!” I yelled.
“We thought that you would at first,” my mom said surely, “But your boss Joe at the lifeguard place talked to us saying how you were concerned about working while having a kid. They showed us documentation of your suspension, which is a pitty, but also, documentation of your requests to go on leave while you had Alexis. They told us how you stormed out of the office when you couldn’t get anything since you were suspended.” My mom put her hand on my arm, “honey, we thought you wanted this baby.”
“I don’t want this baby!” I pleaded.
“She’s not a baby. Alexis is six years old,” my mom said agitated, “And it’s too late. She’s already born and happy to be in this world.” She stood up, “And shame on you for wanting to have an abortion if you are telling the truth. Maybe the effects of the coma might be affecting your mind. Maybe this was too soon…”
“I get it mom, but the work situation was different from what I wanted,” I said, “The reason why I did it was because…” I stopped myself not wanting to explain to her my failed plot to receive paternity benefits.
“How is that different? You told them that you wanted to go on paternity leave. But you also didn’t tell us you were suspended. But work doesn’t matter now and you should be focusing on Alexis.”
“It does, because apparently, I have a daughter that I didn’t want,” I said helplessly.
“You can’t change this Peggy. You have a daughter and she’s smart, beautiful, adorable, talented—”
“That’s great and all, but I don’t care” I interrupted, “And you have been the mom for her?”
“Me and your dad have been taking care of her. She’s so excited to finally meet you. She has seen you but this will be the first time she will be able to talk to her mom.”
“So you’re a grandma. And because of your decision, not mine, I am now a mother,” I accused my mom.
“Don’t call me a grandma,” my mom replied, “I couldn’t imagine Alexis never being born. You don’t know how many sacrifices we’ve had to make for her because of you?”
“This is unreal mom,” I said. I wanted to storm out of the room but I was stuck in my bed. The thought of having a daughter made me want to throw up the hospital food. 
“Would you like to meet her?” my mom asked, “She’s waiting outside your room.”
“You brought her?” I said, “Why?”
My mom stared at me like she had already answered my question. “Because your daughter wants to see you. She has been waiting all her life.”
Tears began to fall from my face, “But I don’t want to be a mom!” I folded my pillow over my face.
I heard my mom sit down next to me. “Peggy, I know this is news, but you have to accept that you have a daughter who needs your love. She is a really good girl. We have taught her a lot and I see a lot of her in you. Such a special little girl.”
“I don’t want to be a mom!” I repeated.
“You are a mom,” she said in a calm voice.
“I wanted it aborted! I don’t deserve this!”
“We didn’t deserve this either but we didn’t give up. We took on the responsibility like you need to do right now. Just meet her. I promise it will take a lot of your anguish away,” my mom said. She lifted the pillow from my face and set it to the side.
“I don’t know anything about her. What do I say to her?” I continued crying.
“Well, she is starting the first grade. She loves ponies and spaghetti. Her favorite color is blue and we watch TV together before we go to sleep.”
“Are you sure this isn’t your child. This has got to be a joke,” I said with my last hope that I didn’t have a daughter.
“You have a daughter named Alexis and she is six years old,” my mom quickly replied.
I looked down at my feet, unable to cope with being a mom. It was like the stork was waiting outside the door and was ready to drop off a kid for me to take care of. The harsh reality of it added more pressure of being thirty three and having nothing to show for it.
“Peggy? Would you like to meet her?” my mom reiterated.
“What about Kate? I’m sure she told you I wanted an abortion,” I pleaded.
My mom sighed, “Don’t get me started with her. She’s nothing but trouble. She had the audacity to tell us what you wanted.”
“But that was what I really wanted!”
“Ok, stop this right now,” she said, “And take a deep breath.”
“I can’t believe you went through with this,” I scolded her.
“Don’t act like this is my fault. It is your own one hundred percent,” my mom lectured, “Now I’m gonna get your daughter and you’re gonna meet her.”
“Hold on,” I said and grabbed her hand. I tried to sound calmer and more sincere. “I don’t want to be a mom. Please! This shouldn’t be happening!”
My mom walked to the end of my bed. “You’ll be fine Peggy.” She was fed up with me. The past six years of raising Alexis was obviously exhausting for her and she was ready to hand her over to me.
My mom adjusted her breasts, erected her shoulders, and then walked out of the room. I wanted to tackle her to the ground and yell at her that I didn’t want to have a daughter. The thought of calling her my daughter was sickening as it employed something in me that I didn’t want to be.
I could hear her talk gently with a high voice, slowly approaching my room. They entered the room as my mom held the hand of Alexis. My mom was bent over Alexis, comforting her as they walked over to my bed. 
I stared at Alexis in disbelief that she had come from my stomach. She had a slightly darker complexion and her long hair had been curled up from the back. She was adorable. I knew my mother had dressed her up with a spaghetti strap outfit and short jean shorts to try to make her look more grown-up. But her face still resembled a baby. Alexis’s face was anxious and scared. She had her hands down in front of her. Her timid stature made me abruptly break the silence.
“Hi there,” I said and started to wipe off my tears from earlier. I didn’t know what else to say. I never had much interaction with kids except as a lifeguard when I had to ask them where their parents were so I no longer had to take care of them.
Alexis had dark eyes with a hint of green in them. The shape of her face reminded me of my baby pictures. I released an unintentional chuckle. Alexis’s pudgy and supple face began to form a smile. She was genuinely happy to see me but still had a sense of uncertainty.
My mom was behind her while holding onto her shoulder.  “Say something,” she ordered.
I wanted to tell my mom to shut up but stopped for the sake of Alexis. I continued to study her eyes and instantly noticed the innocence and confusion. She had been waiting to see me and heard all about me, but I couldn’t say anything to her. I looked at my mom again, mad that she was insisting for me to have a conversation with Alexis. I hated whenever she did that. I would have rather done this on my own terms without her there.
“Leave us alone,” I finally said to my mom. I couldn’t think with her hovering over me.
“Why?” she said and began rubbing the shoulder of Alexis.
“Please, just do it,” I said.
She lifted up her finger, but then passively walked towards the door. She exited the room without looking back, pretending it was the hardest decision she had to make in her life. She then popped her head through the door, “One minute,” she said, “then I’m coming back in.”
“You will when I tell you to.” I waited for her head to disappear. 
Alexis took a step back and tensed up her arms, bending them as she held her hands together.
“It’s ok. I won’t hurt you,” I said with one hand out. I felt like a predator over her.
Alexis stepped forward. She took out a folded piece of paper from the back of her tight jeans and lifted it in front of me.
“Is this for me?” I asked.
Alexis shook her head and formed a small grin as she handed it to me. A strand of hair fell over her forehead. She looked at her hair hanging down, making her eyes cross-eyed for a moment. I took the folded piece of paper from her and set it in my lap, thanking her for the thoughtful present. I then licked my fingers and slid her strand of hair behind her ear. Her eyes looked up cautiously and then followed it back to me when I was finished.
I opened up the paper that she had handed me and studied what she drew for me. The picture was of her and me holding hands in the grass with a big sun over us. We were stick figures with giant smiley faces, happy with everything.
I smiled and look up to her, “Thank you Alexis. This is perfect.”
She smiled, pleased of herself and partly embarrassed that she had shown me her drawing. She then looked back to the ground as her eyes gazed to each side of my bed.
“You know, you are very beautiful,” I commented.
“Thanks,” she replied, glancing at me and then to the floor.
I felt awkward and didn’t know what else to say to her. I wasn’t good with small kids, and obviously wasn’t the best with my own daughter. But Alexis continued to stare at me and was ready to respond to anything I asked of her.
We both smiled and exchanged looks. I opened the picture she had drawn for me and began to cry. I tried to hold everything back, but tears continued to pour through my eyes and drip onto my bed sheets. I didn’t know the reason, but I knew Alexis was my daughter and I was responsible for her.
“What’s wrong mommy?” Alexis asked. Her nose shriveled and watched every tear of mine drop.
“It’s just… I didn’t mean…” I said carefully. There was nothing I could say that she would understand. “You look so beautiful,” I finally said. It was the only thing I could say.
She giggled and returned to a cautious, timid state.
My mom busted through the door, “Ok, your whole conversation is worthless. I’m going to have to take control of this so you two can get to know each other.” 
“What are you doing mom?” I said with a low tone and gritted my teeth at her.
“I’m helping you out like a mother should to a daughter who is now a mother,” she replied and walked behind Alexis.
Alexis took a step back to my mom who put her hand on her.
I sat in my bed, full of emotion ready to explode. I knew I wasn’t the best with kids, but I hated how my mom was handling my own mother-daughter reunion.
“I’ve only said one word to her mom,” I said, “And why were you listening?”
“I wanted to make sure everything was ok,” she replied, “And everything is not ok.”
I held back my potential outburst of anger towards my mom and looked back at Alexis with a smile.
“Can I have a hug Alexis?” I asked spontaneously. I needed someone to hold and the only person who possibly would do it, was Alexis.
She bashfully approached the side of my bed as I held out my hands. I was happy she accepted. It also got her away from the reach of my mom. I pulled Alexis in and gave her a tight hug. I wrapped my other arm around her with only the bed guard railing separating us.  My eyes began tearing again but it was a better cry than from earlier.
I didn’t want to look at my mom, but I knew she was thinking I was a pathetic sight. At one moment she was compassionate, but since she knew I had a daughter to raise, her sympathy for me had swiftly changed to accountability for my daughter. For her, I was back to being Peggy instead of her comatose daughter. I knew I was past the recovery stage for her already. But it almost seemed like she was telling me to take Alexis, but she didn’t want to let go of her.
The entire time I held Alexis, my head bent down over her head. I began kissing the top of her head as she giggled and moved her hands down, but then back to me. I felt happy, but miserable at the same time. I wanted to jump for joy and then hide in a ball depressed.
I continued to hug her tightly even though it was time to let go of her. I didn’t know how Alexis was responding, but embracing her in my arms felt comforting and made me forget about my years of solitude in a hospital bed. It was almost like I was charging up confidence for tomorrow. I held her close to me without saying anything else.
Chapter 28
After clutching Alexis in my arms, I slowly began to ask her questions through her ear. I didn’t want to look at her face for fear that when we separated, she would think I was weird for keeping her close to me. During the beginning of my coma, she was inside of me and I didn’t even know it. I could hear her breathe near my ear and giggle with the words we exchanged. Our distance slowly separated the more we began to talk.
The nurse came in wanting to tend to my bed sores. I directed her to come back when I wasn’t talking with Alexis, which she complied knowing I was reuniting with my daughter. I knew she was going to return shortly to make it more of a priority.
My mom pulled up a seat for Alexis who was gaining more confidence with me the more we conversed, though it took awhile to break the ice. I was entertained with her stories of her starting the first grade. I felt like I was reliving my childhood as she told me of her adventures with my mom and dad. While Alexis was talking, I would glance at my mom suspiciously thinking she would do something stupid or say something irrelevant.  Her body language told me she wanted to intervene and control the conversation. 
Alexis and I were gaining more trust with each other the more questions I asked about her. She made me smile whenever she giggled as I continued to try to make silly comments to make her laugh. The nurse came in to turn me while we talked. Although awkward, it didn’t stop Alexis from telling me her stories. I felt obligated to be interested and full of energy when responding to Alexis; it was the most important conversation of my life. I didn’t like how my mom would put her hand on Alexis’s shoulder when I talked with her. It was intrusive. I wanted to tell her to leave, but I knew it would create an argument.
I didn’t know who the father was but part of me wanted him to wake up and realize that he had to take care of Alexis. Fucking jerk. Some ideas of who the father was lurked in my mind, but none were worth pursuing. Alexis had gone this far without knowing him and she would continue to survive, for the better. My parents helped fill the void, especially my mom, which made me feel more pleased with her despite her rude interruptions into my conversations with my daughter.
Alexis was full of energy, and it helped enliven me from feeling like a rock in a bed. I felt attached, but afraid; happy but sad; and excited yet repressed. Never having to experience the birth of Alexis put me in a different situation than most women. I never would have the memories of a painful birth sequence and then being able to relieve the crying face of my daughter as she is handed to me by the doctor. There was a lot that I would have to learn quickly. It made me feel new and refreshed in my life; almost like there was something worth living for instead of going out every night and drinking. But at the same time, I wanted an alcohol beverage being served to me by a shirtless waiter. It was difficult to accept that I had a daughter who I had never wanted in the first place.
I snapped out of my fantasy of being served a drink by a shirtless guy. My mom was alerting me to pay attention to Alexis. It was the first time she had spoken up for awhile.
“I’m listening mom,” I replied, “I’ve been in a coma for a long time and you’re acting like me not responding to you is something new.” I gave her a fake smile and looked back down at Alexis.
“So what do you do after school?” I asked Alexis.
“Grandma has me going to classes afterwards. I don’t know why, but it’s important,” she replied.
I smirked at my daughter calling my mom grandma. “School’s important,” I advocated, “A little more wouldn’t hurt.”
“Absolutely not,” my mom added. She seemed troubled being called a grandma. 
I looked up at her again half smiling and then back to Alexis. “What subject to do like best?”
“Math is my favorite,” she replied.
“That’s not what I was expecting. That’s great that math is your favorite,” I said.
My mom didn’t look impressed.
“What do you do after school? More math?” It was appeasing to hear that she was involved in her studies.
“A whats-a-mi-call-it?” she looked to my mom for guidance.
“Beauty pageant,” my mom said proudly. Her eyes gallantly stayed forward not looking down at the both of us.
I immediately looked at my mom with hatred, “Beauty pageant? You’ve been making my daughter into a little miss future dumb skank whore? She’s so nice though. How could you do that mom?”
The room was quiet. I knew it made Alexis uncomfortable and my mom angry.
“It’s ok,” Alexis raised her hand, “Grandma helps me out. She says I can be the best.”
I smiled at Alexis and then looked back at my mom, “What the hell?” I said with fury, “This isn’t about Alexis. This is about you and your stupid obsession with looking perfect.”
“She’s gonna be perfect. You will see this is the right decision,” my mom said.
“It’s not the right decision. You’re making her into an intolerable kid. I envy and at the same time hate every girl that flaunts their perfect body at the rest of us. She’s going to have nothing to show when she gets older.”
“And you’re the perfect example Peggy?”my mom quipped back.
 “Don’t put my weight or any of the choices I have made into this.” Although difficult, I tried to keep my voice low and calm.
Her voice raised. “Peggy, stop looking at this like it’s a bad thing. You’re acting like a child.”
“You’re acting like a washed up beauty queen who always got rejected. Don’t put Alexis into your dreams.” I looked down at Alexis who was forming tears from under her eyes.
“I’m sorry,” I said to Alexis.
“You’re over-reacting Peggy. She has try-outs this weekend and she is going to do it,” my mom demanded. She crossed her arms and looked down on the both of us. Her shirt was too tight for her body and age.
“How old are you mom?” I asked.
“It’s none of your concern,” she replied.
“Let’s see… Around sixty?”
“It doesn’t matter,” she dismissed my intrusive question, “We are all young at heart.”
“That’s such a bullshit thing to say,” I said. I quickly remembered that Alexis was between us. I reached out and straightened out her shirt. “So do you like doing this?”
She hesitated and looked up at my mom.
“You don’t have to answer that,” my mom said to her.
“I like school better,” she said unsure.
“Of course you do,” I said, “I need to get out of this hospital before this weekend because she is not doing a stupid beauty pageant.”
“We have been practicing and she is the perfect candidate,” my mom stated, “Beautiful hair, smile, and skin complexion... Which I’ve been meaning to ask you about the dad and of what minority heritage he is. But that’s a conversation for later.”
I sighed and wanted to strangle my mom. Her obsession with youth, fake boobs, and facial implants was rotting her brain. Ever since her first surgery she had started to act differently.
“What does dad say about this?” I asked.
“He agrees one hundred percent,” she replied.
“I’m sure he does because you do.” I looked back over at Alexis. “School is better. In fact, if you don’t want to do this pageant thing, you don’t have to.”
Alexis smiled and nodded her head, but her eyes moved around like she was no longer paying attention. She then looked up at my mom who was the ultimate decider in her life but my mom shook her head no. Alexis looked back at me not knowing how to respond.
“You don’t have to,” I said again.
“Well, she’s going to do it no matter what,” my mom said overruling everyone.
I was ready to leave the hospital and take Alexis far away from my mom. Her words stung through me and caused my body to tighten up.  My heart rate on the machine began to beep faster.
“Alexis. I know it must have been tough growing up with her, but you need to know that she is not the boss of you.” I thought about what I said for a moment and glanced at my mom who moved to the side window. The sunlight brightened up her face exposing her elderly appearance.
Alexis remained quiet. I knew she didn’t understand our quarrel. She was suppressed to the selfish desires of my mom. Alexis wasn’t going to be the doll of my mother anymore.
A nurse came in trying to calm me down. She knew my heart was pumping faster than usual. 
“What’s wrong mommy?” Alexis asked. Her eyes watched the nurses and then focused back to me concerned.
Her calling me ‘mommy’ always caught me off guard. I saw the innocence behind her brown eyes. She did have a cute face that was undeniably lovable.  I watched her face continue to be genuinely concerned for my well being as the nurse pushed me back to lie down.
“Sorry Alexis,” I said looking up into the ceiling, “I have to rest before I go into another coma.”
I didn’t hear her say anything afterwards.
“Get some rest Peggy,” my mom said infuriated with me. She walked back over to Alexis and guided her away from my bed. More nurses surrounded me and began checking the machine for my vitals. They corresponded their findings to one another.
“This isn’t over mom,” I said exasperated.
 Alexis and my mom walked out the door. Alexis peered back to make sure I was fine but my mom grabbed her hand to pull her with her.
I looked at the nurse closest to me and immediately demanded for my rehabilitation to start. Picturing Alexis suffering in the little miss beauty pageants terrified me. She seemed like a sweet little girl and shouldn’t have to be infiltrated with filth and condemned to a sense of entitlement based on flaunting womanly features.
“When can I leave?”
The brunette nurse looked to the short haired nurse to answer my question. My eyes turned to the short haired nurse. “I need to start my rehabilitation. I need to get out of here!” I pleaded.
The nurse’s expression changed to sadness. “It’s going to take some time. No need to be haste and have something bad happen.” She examined my face with concern. “Is something troubling you?”
I sighed, “My mom is putting my daughter in a stupid beauty pageant and I have no control over her until I can leave this hospital.”
“I see,” she replied. She didn’t want to say anything of opinion to offend me. “You will be out soon enough. You are very rare case you know. We need to take every step with precaution.” 
“But…” I stopped, not knowing how to argue for my freedom, “This is important.”
She studied my face and looked at the other nurses who didn’t say anything, “I’ll tell you what. I’ll go check with the doctor regarding your status and hopefully have an answer for you. Sound like a plan?”
“Yes, thank you,” I said and leaned my head back onto the pillow.
I didn’t know the least of being a mom, but I knew that my daughter wasn’t going to be in a little miss beauty pageant. Over my comatose body.
Chapter 29
Most people who have been in a coma for years don’t wake up. They usually drift into a vegetative state for the rest of their life. The thought of being brain dead was scary. I didn’t know what triggered me to wake up, but I was thankful this had happened or else I would have been a waste of space. The thought of my face idiotically looking into the ceiling, especially when I gave birth to Alexis, must have been distracting for the audience. I was an unresponsive vegetable that gave birth to a daughter and used up a hospital bed with a feeding tube inserted into my stomach. 
Going to sleep was scary at first. I would sometimes wake up in the middle of the night, unaware of where I was. My personal fear was that I would return into a coma, making my recovery a nightmare. Tests were always being run, my blood always taken, nurses were waking me up, and new doctors were examining my condition. I was never able to get an answer from the nurse about my rehabilitation. I was confined to my bed while my mom forced Alexis to attend beauty pageants. 
She would come to visit me at least twice a week with Alexis. My dad would usually tag along and Stan would occasionally walk in making it seem like he was dragged to the hospital. My mom had informed me that Alexis had made it to the semi-finals, which enraged me even more. It created more stress until I couldn’t handle my mother visiting me anymore.
I began to realize everyone had thought that I was going to be in a vegetative state forever. My last resting point was supposed to be in the hospital bed and everyone was under the impression my body would wither away. Alexis must have been the reason that I was still connected to the feeding tubes. In a way, it was a miracle, but I continued to search for a logical explanation as to why I had woke up. I also realized that my feet did not function. I hadn’t asked a nurse yet as to why I couldn’t move them, but I would be informed soon enough. I knew my family didn’t want to give me the news that I was going to be paralyzed. But I was grateful to be able to move the upper half of my body
I was still waiting for Kate to come by and visit me, but the only friend that had swung by was Ted. It was considerate of him to see how I was doing. He gave me flowers and wrote a poem on a card for me. His body was still frail, but his hairline had receded. His face had aged with some apparent wrinkles, but overall, he was the same Ted from when I saw him before my coma.
It surprised me to see Elisa walking in, holding his hand. Her smile spread across her face when she saw me lying on my hospital bed. How they became a couple was unexplainable but I felt I needed to ask. 
“So Ted… Elisa?” I said slowly and looked at them both, “How did this come to be?” I gave Ted a thumbs-up, congratulating him on his victory. It caught Elisa’s eyes as she studied the meaning behind my comment. She was inattentive to so many things, which was actually funny sometimes.
“It’s really a long story,” Ted replied looking at Elisa, “But let’s just say we found each other.”
“Nuh uh,” I said not accepting his remark, “What happened to uh…” I tapped my fingers on the bed railing, “The big black guy?”
“Jonathon?” Elisa spoke up, “We parted ways a long time ago. Didn’t work out.”
Ted was listening attentively, “What’s important is who you end up with Peggy, but I know it’s been awhile for you.”
“Oh,” I said, unhappy I didn’t get a good break-up story. I knew they were hiding something. Their vibe of positive energy continued to bounce off the walls, concealing any evidence of their past. 
“And guess what Peggy?” Ted said smiling.
I took a deep breath, “What Ted?”
“We have a daughter too! Well she’s only three but maybe we can set up a play date sometime,” Ted said, “Of course, when you get better.”
“Oh great. I’m glad.” My response sounded fake with little enthusiasm and it made me think of Alexis in a beauty pageant with my mom standing behind the stage watching her. Being stuck in a hospital was motivation enough to leave, but my true motivation was not to allow my mom to encourage my daughter to participate in beauty pageants. If I was able to leave, I would have more control over what my daughter did, but I knew that wasn’t happening soon.
I watched Ted smile and then eye Elisa while she looked wrapped up in her own happy world. Ted must have put in some work to be with Elisa and he was beginning to look like her. Elisa was still frail from having Ted’s baby and had a jaunty smirk to her. From what I remembered, she was always cheery and always talked whenever she thought of something. 
“So what’s your daughter’s name?” I asked, knowing they were waiting for me to ask more about their daughter.
“It’s Destiny,” Elisa replied, then smiled at Ted.
“It was Elisa’s idea,” Ted added, “Such a wonderful name.”
“My destiny went to shit for seven years,” I joked, “Sorry if I don’t sound too happy.” I also never believed in destiny.
Ted patted Elisa on the back and gave her an assuring look while taking a deep breath. “We know it’s been rough for you Peggy. I’m sorry for all that. We are looking forward to meeting your daughter.”
“Do you know where Kate is?” I asked, changing the subject about their daughter.
“Umm…” Ted scrunched his eyebrows. “We only talked with Kate when you were with her, so I have no idea. I’m sure we can find her though. She must not have known that you awakened from your coma.”
“She was funny,” added Elisa.
I recited to Ted Kate’s number and we tried to call her, but there was no answer. I then gave Ted and Elisa Kate’s address, hoping they would stop by to let her know I had awakened from my coma. Ted seemed unsure that he was going to visit Kate. Elisa sounded like she wanted to help me out more than Ted did.
“You need to do this for me,” I said.
“We will try our best,” Ted replied.
They could sense that I was helpless. Trying to find something to distract my disappointed mindset, Ted brought in some ice cream for the three of us to eat. He and Elisa took a few bites but didn’t finish the rest while I savored every spoonful. After finishing it, I threw my cup like I was shooting a basketball and missed it into the trash. 
Elisa bent down to pick it up. “Almost,” she said.
Ted grabbed Elisa’s trash and threw it away along with his. After some time, Ted and Elisa said goodbye and said they would come back next week. I was actually looking forward to seeing them again for some reason. Although they could be annoying at times, they were supportive and were the only ones other than my family that came to visit me. I still didn’t want Alexis to meet their daughter and have a ‘play date.’ 
The nurses moved me into a bed that inclined up to a sitting position. I began moving myself up and down, thinking that moving the chair would help me gain back movement in my legs. Plus, it looked like I was almost doing sit-ups. I guess it didn’t matter if I was paralyzed; I was alive. Despite my solitude and bleak future, I was becoming more optimistic with my situation and excited to start rehabilitation. I thought of what I would be doing if I hadn’t been in a coma; still fighting to keep my lifeguarding job, going out with Kate to meet guys, and getting drunk. This was something I had been deprived of for a long time, and it was going to be difficult to go to clubs since I was older and crippled. 
I grabbed a pen on the side table that had some flowers in a vase next to it. I took a piece of paper from my test results and turned it over to the side where it was blank. I was sure Kate didn’t know I was awake, so I started writing a letter to her and hoped that she was still living at the same residence.
Kate
I am awake from my coma. Please come and visit me because you are my best friend and I need to be cheered up from all of this nonsense. I am curious as to what you are doing and am ready to hear some new stories. I have been in a coma for almost seven years and I have a daughter of six years that I didn’t mean to have, but  she is living as well as I am. If you are getting this, you need to do me a favor. Please, stop my mom from making my daughter Alexis participate in a little miss beauty pageant. This is my only request if you receive this letter; that and come visit me! Below is the address and room number of the hospital I am at. 
Wish you the best,
Peggy
I folded the paper up and set it to the side, waiting for a nurse to walk in so she could mail the letter for me. Writing a letter seemed ancient compared to today’s world of technology, but I didn’t have a phone to call or text people and I wouldn’t know who to put into my contact list anymore. I needed to be refreshed by Kate on what was going on in the world and I felt like I would be able to understand everything better if it came from her. My mom wanted nothing to do with Kate it seemed, though she only had met her a few times in her life.
I grabbed my sheets and folded them off my body. My legs rested in front of me, looking dead and round. In my head, my legs were wiggling and moving off the bed to walk. This was until I looked at my feet that remained still and stuck on the bed. I bent forward and tried to lift up my leg, but didn’t have enough power to budge it. My toes didn’t move. Nothing moved. However, I did notice more hair growing on them. I began massaging them, hoping they would gain some energy so I could get out of my bed and walk out of the hospital, but they remained stationary without any nerves or feeling.
A nurse walked in and immediately looked confused as to what I was doing. She emptied my bedpan and continued to study me as I looked at my legs.
“What’s on your mind?” she asked, “If you’re worried about walking, there are plenty of people who have come back from terrible accidents. It takes a lot of hard work.”
“I need to walk,” I replied as I held out the letter I wrote to Kate, “Please send this in the mail. The address is on the front.”
“Sure darling,” she said and put the letter in her pocket, “Soon you will be working on your legs.”
“I want to do it now.”
“Patience is important Peggy. Just know we are working on everything as fast as we can.”
I began jiggling my leg with my hands, feeling bored and unwilling to accept her advice of being patient. “Who has recovered from being a paraplegic? And isn’t this something that should be started right away?”
“It’s up to the doctor,” the nurse said putting things in order around the room.
“So I’m probably not going to recover then,” I said gleaming at my feet.
“Don’t say that,” she replied.
“Why not? I know it’s your job to keep things happy, but I don’t think I’ll ever walk again…”
“Attitude helps a lot Peggy, and what the mind decides, is usually what happens. Try to focus on the positive and it will help.”
She was right, but I shrugged my shoulders. “I don’t think I would like working as a nurse,” I said, then quickly looked up at her, “No offense.  But to be constantly working with people who might die or have serious medical issues would cause me to lose it.”
“It’s not all bad Peggy,” she responded, “The trick is not to focus on the bad times. There is so much good that we never remember. I’m sure you can name so many positive things in your life that you haven’t thought of.”
There was a lot on my mind, like failing the lifeguard test and being screwed by a stranger while I was passed out, which ultimately led to me having a kid. I rarely thought of the work it took to pass my lifeguard test or the fun times I had at the club with Kate before I had passed out from drinking too much. Smiling at the nurse, I looked away and tried to move myself in a different position.
“Here, let me help,” she said, already reaching over me.
“I’m fine. I’m not really trying to do anything accept try to move around the small bed I have.”
She smiled, “Is there anything I can do for you before I leave?”
“Just mail the letter. And maybe keep helping me focus on the good,” I replied.
“Sure thing.” She folded the letter, put it in her pocket, and walked out the door.
I needed to see the positive in being a paraplegic, but I was having trouble understanding any benefits to it; only that I could now park in the handicapped parking spots, if I ever could drive. Another good thing would be starting rehabilitation. That was the next step for leaving the hospital.
Everything had taken a turn for the worst in my life, but at least I wasn’t in a coma and unresponsive to everybody. I was myself again and not in a vegetable waiting to get the cord pulled. If it wasn’t for technology, I would have been dead and Alexis would have never been born. 
Having a second chance, I realized life was actually pretty good.
Chapter 30
Once rehabilitation started was when everything started to become challenging. Being lifted into a vertical position caused my head to spin, and felt abnormal, like I was never meant to walk. My hands weakly grasped the triangle shaped handle above me that helped me have some control of my movement. I immediately wanted to return to my bed, but the nurses and my trainer forced me off with their support and positive reinforcement. My trainer Wes was a middle aged gentleman who had tan skin and a cut beard. Little hair was on top of his head but he had an attractive face. When he wasn’t assisting me, he usually had reading glasses over his face reading my reports.
As I transitioned from my bed to my wheelchair, my feet feebly dangled below from the force of gravity and swayed as the nurses and Wes held on to me. I knew they were having difficulty moving me as I dropped into my wheelchair. This was going to be a daily routine for everyone, though I was sure they were expecting me to become less dependent each day. Getting accustomed to the wheelchair was the easiest since I only had to sit and use my arms; however, my upper body became sore after awhile, leaving me winded. I was able to move around the hospital hallways and work out in the rehabilitation athletic center. Although I was sitting down, it was exhausting once I used the exercise machines with my arms. It made me use many stomach muscles that I didn’t know I ever had. My trainer Wes helped me along the way. He was courteous, but when I wanted to quit, he wouldn’t allow me to stop and made me work harder until I was tired. It was the most work I had ever done since I started out as a lifeguard.
My parents and Alexis came to watch me participate in my workouts when they had the time. Alexis would wave at me through the window as I pushed the machine weights forward with my upper body strength while sitting in my wheelchair. Wes would follow me to each machine that I used, assisting me when needed, and then he would walk beside me as I cycled around the small track. Time began to go by faster since I was doing something rather than lying on my bed and watching TV.
Once I became accustomed to my workout routine, Wes began to push me harder so I could work on the lower half of my body, which was clearly not going to gain function, but he continued to encourage full body workouts. He would always wear short blue or red gym shorts that hugged his bulky legs, and I would always be able to see the bulge in his crotch. His life was working out and then he would go help others like me. He began to focus on my stomach and then tried a variety of exercises that involved the lower half of my body, but I couldn’t do any of it.
With each try, he would say, “That’s ok. Let’s try this one.”
And so we tried a new workout after the other, but I had no success with any. Trying to stand between the parallel bars was the hardest. Wes supported me while I struggled to hold myself up with my arms. My legs were useless as they hung below me, ready to collapse if I put any weight on them.
“I can’t do any of this!” I yelled, and slowly dropped down until Wes was the only one holding me up. With my feet dragging on the floor, he carefully set me down and then grabbed my wheelchair to help me sit back down.
“This is your first try Peggy,” he said, “We are going to try every day and you are going to improve.”
“But I will never walk again. I don’t see the point.” My hair was bundled behind me with a headband over my forehead. The sweat trickled under it and rolled down my face; sometimes tears from my eyes would mix in with the sweat. My clothes were damp as well and would cool with the room temperature after awhile. Wes never sweated in the gym and his hands were always dry when he grabbed onto me. Today, his hair was cut shorter than normal around the side but most of the hair on top was not there, exposing the patches and thinning hair.
“Let’s get up, and we are going to try again,” he said relentlessly. Nothing was ever impossible for him it seemed.
I grunted and waited for him to pick me up. “Well?”
“Well what?”
“I can’t get up if you don’t lift me.”
“Soon you will be able to do this by yourself, “he replied and showed me how I could reach a bar.
“What am I going to do? Acrobats?” I kidded, but he showed no emotion.
“No Peggy. We are going to establish your upper body strength first so that you are able to function in everyday life. Things happen all the time. If you fall out of a wheelchair, if you need to open a door, if you need to transition from your wheelchair to—“
“Yeah, I get it,” I replied, realizing I was being an ass to him. He was only trying to help; but I didn’t apologize and instead reached for the parallel bars. It seemed he was going to work on the lower half of my body for the upcoming weeks, or else he was just testing me.
I didn’t have much strength, but Wes told me that I would grow new muscles with repetition and would be able to survive the difficult situations of being handicapped. I began to wonder for how long I was going to participate in rehabilitation with Wes. My parents must have been paying for everything, because I sure was not. 
Once again, I began to struggle as I fell off the bars into Wes’s sturdy arms. He slowly sat me into the wheelchair and had me try again.
“I can’t do it!” I tried to make it seem like I was yelling at myself and not at Wes, but he ignored me and helped me up again.
“One more time, then we will be done.”
I rolled my eyes and grabbed for the bars as he pulled me up. I immediately fell back down into my wheelchair, with the help of Wes. “This is pointless.”
“You did well today Peggy. We will do even better tomorrow.” Wes stepped to the side and began writing on his clipboard. 
I pushed my arms down on the wheels and cycled away from him upset, mainly with myself. I felt like a pep talk would come whether it be later today or before our next workout. This was something I loathed to do and although I had no movement in the lower half of my body, I was expected to work out every day. Wes’s encouragement did seem to help me when I felt distressed but he sometimes overused his positive attitude when I was at my worst. 
In the hallway, I stopped my wheelchair, noticing a sign above that directed people to a swimming pool. A woman pushed the door open with long wet hair to the side of her shoulder and walked into the bathroom doors across the way. I glanced behind the door to see a large indoor pool with lap lanes and a jacuzzi to the side. I attempted to pull the door open but was having trouble. My wheelchair moved forward as I pulled, ramming me into the door. Trying to hold my wheelchair still, I held onto a wheel and pulled the door with my other hand. Jumping into a pool sounded refreshing from all of my struggles. As I was struggling, a man walked up from behind me and held the door, waiting for me to enter. 
“Sorry, I was just looking,” I said to him and smiled.
He gave a nod and walked in with a towel draped over his shoulder. Again, I stared past the door and watched people swim back and forth in their lanes. Another lady exited but quickly held the door for me. She lifted her eyebrow at me waiting for me to enter through the door.
“I’m not going through,” I said to her, “Sorry.”
“Oh,” she said confused and walked away.
Wes had never told me about a swimming pool. He was only focused on me surviving emergency situations for when I needed help in the real world. Picturing myself wheeling down the sidewalk while others were walking gave me the chills. My body had lost some weight from Wes’s workouts, and I had gained strength because of it, but I wanted to incorporate the swimming pool into my workout. 
I backed away from the pool entrance and tried to find Wes to tell him I wanted to swim in the pool. As I made my way back to the gymnasium, I realized how others observed and treated me in a wheelchair. Although they had much respect, it seemed their perception of me was different than a walking human being, and they always felt obligated to help me if I needed something. At times, I could wheel down the hallways without worry of anyone running into me since they would kindly get out of my way.
Wes usually put me at the beginning of his schedule which meant that I had to wake up early to participate in my workout. I wanted him to put me later in the schedule but I didn’t have a choice in the matter. However, since I felt self conscious about exercising in a wheelchair, the mornings usually weren’t a crowded time and I was able to get through most work outs without the embarrassment of others watching. 
“Wes!” I yelled and caught his attention. He was ready to start his next workout session with a one-legged man in short shorts and a loose cotton shirt; it looked like he was prepared to run a marathon. I was envious of his one leg but he still had a nice body. I realized most of the disabled people that worked out here were fit and healthy, despite their handicaps. 
“Yes Peggy?” He was about to put on his reading glasses as he held his clipboard in front of him.
“I want to swim.” My bottom lip tensed up as I waited for him to respond. My only desire at the moment was to experience weightlessness in the smooth chlorinated water. 
Wes studied me for a moment and then set his clipboard down. “I suppose we can add this onto your usual workout. But that means more work.”
I thought about it for a moment and knew that being in the water was something that I wanted to experience. “Whatever it takes.” 
“I will show you the process tomorrow, and if you’re a good enough swimmer, we can get approval for you to swim on your own time if you can pass a few tests. But let’s not get ahead of ourselves since we still need to focus on your skills on the land. Exercise in the pool is one of the best forms of rehabilitation. I’m glad you brought this up Peggy.”
“A test to be able to swim there?” I thought about not passing the lifeguard test which brought back terrible memories. “I can do it. I used to be a lifeguard.”
“I know Peggy, but we will see how you do in your condition now. I’m sure you’ll be fine though.” Wes was distracted from the man with one leg. 
I gave him a smile and felt inclined to introduce myself. “Hi, I’m Peggy.” He looked no older than me. His shaggy dark brown hair passed his ears and a headband held back the front of his hair. “Cool headband. I got one of those.” I held up my old sweaty headband.
“I’m Jeff,” he replied and looked up at his headband and touched it with his fingers, “I heard you talking about the swimming pool. It’s great to have access because you can go whenever you want. Once you can go there, I can help you out if you need it. But I also understand if you want to do it by yourself.”
“That would be nice,” I replied. His features weren’t stunning but he was becoming more attractive the more I spoke with him. His voice was soothing, yet still had a manly tone to it; probably because his adams apple stuck out more than normal. 
“I’d hate to break up this moment,” Wes interrupted and looked to Jeff, “But we have some work to do.” He began to look at his watch, signifying that he was ready to train Jeff.
I scooted back in my wheelchair, trying not to evade their space and workout time. 
“I will introduce you to the pool tomorrow Peggy,” Wes said.
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” Jeff added and began to lift himself from the seat and hopped over to the workout machines. He seemed apathetic towards me, but I sensed some interest in the way that he looked at me, though I could have been wrong. I began to wonder how he had lost his leg. 
I said my goodbye and left them to their workout. After looking at Jeff, it made me want to go look in the mirror at myself and see what features I could improve. He was only half as disabled as I was, but I began to realize that my choices to sleep with guys had been dwindled down to a very small percentage of men. I had a difficult enough time as it was, but it would take much work and skill to meet a handsome man. I began to think of all the good times I had with men in the past, wanting to relive the good moments and enjoy my life instead of being stuck in a rehabilitation hospital.
I went to the mailbox to see if Kate had written me back.
Chapter 31
Before I entered the pool, the nurses helped me change into my swim suit, with some help of myself. The problem with changing was I couldn’t fully lift myself up yet and switch my shorts at the same time. My strength was weak and every muscle I could move ached from soreness. The nurses didn’t enjoy changing out my damp clothes that smelled of body odor into a swimming suit. During my change, I knew today was one of the days that my mom came with Alexis to visit. I would feel more comfortable with them watching me in the water than in the gym. It was like I was able to hide my legs to them.
I met Wes in front of the lap pool, and Jeff was already in the lap lane next to my designated swimming lane. I looked down at Jeff who had his shirt off. His shoulders were good sized and his muscular chest was halfway covered from the water. Jeff lifted his goggles from over his eyes and onto his forehead and greeted me as I wheeled towards the edge of the pool.
Wes stepped between the pool and me. “Hold on Peggy,” he said carefully, “we need to get you in with a pool chair lift. I’ll be joining you today to see how you do.”
“I should be fine,” I replied, “I used to be a lifeguard and I know how to swim.”
“I know Peggy, but just in case. As you know, much has changed.” He motioned for some other trainers to help push the handicapped chairlift over to me. I crossed my arms and waited for their assistance and watched them bring the chairlift in front of my lane. At the end of the machine was a seat that moved up and down. It slowly moved down and leveled with my wheelchair.
“I think I can just fall in,” I said, “I mean, I’ll just be falling into water.”
“Peggy,” said Wes, “Just let us show you how to enter the pool.
“You’ll see how good I am,” I replied, “I think…” I stopped and saw Wes take his shirt off. His tan body had some hair but he was healthy and tone for a middle aged man.
“What were you saying?” Wes asked, and then shrugged it off after I didn’t respond to him, “Now just like we practiced in the gym; you are going to transition from your wheelchair to the pool lift.”
Wes inched in close to me. I could smell his deodorant as he reached the other side of the wheelchair to hold me steady. His bushy hair in his armpits told me he never looked under them. I looked down at Jeff who was watching with a supportive gesture.
“Ready Peggy?” Wes asked.
I was already pushing myself off my wheelchair and onto the chair lift. With help from Wes, my body landed onto the seat. My face scrunched up as I sat with my elbows slightly bent and my hands on my thighs. 
“Good Peggy,” Wes said calmly. Jeff was watching me the entire time. I was jealous that he could enter the pool without the machine.
The chairlift moved me over the water and began to slowly descend. 
“Why is it going so slow?” I asked.
“Because we don’t want to rush it.” Wes said as he kneeled down and entered the water without a splash. I envied his ability to have the freedom to use his legs. He walked through the water that was up to his shoulders and extended his hands as if he was going to catch me. I was positive he wanted to assure that I was fine; even though I was.
I watched my toes touch the top of the water, but I didn’t feel the coolness and smoothness of the water. I knew they were dipping in the water, but there was no refreshing feeling, like my mind was playing tricks on me. Disappointed, I reached my hand down to reach the water, but I was still high above to reach.
“Just let it get to the bottom,” Wes instructed.
I grunted and crossed my arms, thinking that a lifeguard and a state swimming champion should not be reeled down into the water by a chairlift. In spite of Wes, I leaned forward and fell off the chairlift. I instantly felt the smooth and cool water embrace the upper half of my body. As my body was fully immersed, Wes immediately put his hands around me and pulled me up and to the side. Jeff was already in my lane and the helpers on the deck were bending over the side of the pool.
“What are you doing Peggy?” Wes said irritated as he moved me against the side and motioned for me to put my hands on the side wall to hold on, “I told you to wait until you are sitting in the chair in the water.”
“What’s the big deal?” I said confidently with a hint of shame, “I can swim, I told you.”
“Patience Peggy.” Wes’s grasp was tight around my body, which I liked. He released his hands off from me once I was safely at the side.
All my memories of me swimming in high school and jumping into the ocean spread through my thoughts. It reminded me of my times of glory when I had saved people in the ocean and competed against weaker swimmers. How I ached to be running out of my lifeguard station and then diving into the ocean. The pool water wasn’t cold, but the weightlessness was convincing enough to make me feel like a lifeguard again. It was satisfying to not be in a wheelchair and have the freedom to move where I wanted to without limitations. And soon, Wes would leave me alone in the pool. 
My legs dangled beneath me, but felt like they weren’t holding me back to move forward. I turned around on the wall to face the open water, ready to indulge, though I was unable to push off of the wall into a glide. Jeff had returned to his lap lane, waiting to see how I was going to do. I didn’t know him that well, but he was showing interest in me. 
Wes moved in front of me and gave me the go ahead, “It’s all you Peggy.” His voice didn’t sound reassuring but was as encouraging as it could be.
I pushed of the wall as hard as I could and started moving my hands through the water. My legs trailed behind me as I picked up some speed. Wes moved to the side but kept pace with me. I continued to dig my hands into the water with each pull. As I became tired, I rolled onto my back for a rest. My breathing was difficult to control and coordinate with my swimming, and not having my legs to assist me was the most difficult. 
I could hear Wes talking to me overhead, but I ignored him, “I’m fine. This is how I swim.” I said to him with my ears in the water. After resting for a short while, I turned back onto my stomach and began swimming again. My legs were swooped up horizontally as I gained more speed. It felt like I was moving them but there was no kicking going on. The best I could do was moving my stomach to attempt to kick, but it didn’t work.
I rolled onto my back again to see Wes overhead. He was smiling as I continued to move myself across the pool. A grin broadened on my face as I felt free and weightless. I pictured myself kicking my legs and graciously swimming with a strident form.
Soon enough, my head hit the other side of the pool while I was on my back. My hands grabbed onto the wall, and I pulled myself up to see Jeff in the lane next to me clapping his hands and Wes applauding my effort. Jeff gave me a pat on the back and then continued to swim in his lap lane. Wes moved to the side of me to congratulate me; but before he said anything, I spoke up. “I told you! I’m like a fish in the water even without my legs.”
“You did great. I found your technique fascinating when you rolled onto your back to breath. There is no panic whatsoever and it only shows that you could rest on your back for as long as you want. You are free to come here at your convenience.”
I was proud that I gained his approval and then swooshed my face through the water to feel a fresh rush. 
“Just make sure you ask for help before you get in, and raise your hand to a lifeguard when you are finished.”
“Psh,” I chuckled, “They aren’t lifeguards.”
“Well, either way, they are going to help you get in and out.”
I was ready to continue swimming. I wanted to practice getting across the other side without feeling tired or floating onto my back. I could feel the muscles in my stomach move and I wanted to improve movement where it was possible. Everything else below felt useless, but at least it all floated.
“I’m going to watch you a couple more times, but I’ll let you continue swimming on your own, if you don’t mind.”
“That’s fine with me,” I said and floated out to start a new swim. My arms started moving as I began my same repetition of swimming on my stomach and then moving onto my back when I was tired. For once, I was independent while swimming in the lane and free of any worries that diminished as soon as I floated off the wall.
After I was finished with my workout, I was lifted out by a lifeguard. I wanted to ask what lifesaving act they had ever performed while on duty, but I didn’t want to upset the person who was helping me.
After I dried off and changed, I wheeled back out into the hallways near the gym. Wes had granted me access to use the swimming pool once I finished. It felt good to pass this swimming test and helped me forget about failing my lifeguard test numerous times.
Alexis and my mom were walking around searching for me. My mom’s hand was over Alexis’s shoulder. They both wore skimpy clothes, almost matching, except Alexis had on a purple shirt and the same jean cut-off shorts. Alexis ran up and gave me a hug as I tried to lean forward as much as possible so she didn’t have to stretch over my wheelchair. I could already feel myself improving with my body movement. My mom stood over us with a smirk on her fake face.
I decided to change her smirk, “Hi Grandma.”
She didn’t respond but gave me an unpleasant stare.
My hair was still damp from the pool. I felt energized that I was able to swim in the pool. If only the world was in water, then I wouldn’t feel out of place.
“We have entertaining news,” my mom said. Alexis stepped back and formed a smile on her face, probably because my mom regained her smirk.
“I don’t want to hear if it’s about you,” I snapped at her. Without the ability to leave the hospital while she was outside with Alexis left me bitter inside.
“You’ll be happy to hear that it’s about Alexis,” she paused and cherished the moment, “She’s going to the finals!” She started clapping her hands.
“Oh…” My face started twitching as I rubbed it over with my hand. “You need to stop this. I don’t want this to happen.” I knew my mom was waiting to tell me all day, and she was ready to counter every negative comment that I had to say about beauty pageants.
“She has made great strides for this. We brought the video of her semi-finals. Would you like to watch?”
I looked at Alexis who was agreeing. She seemed more enthusiastic about the beauty pageants from since I had first met her. “I’ll watch for Alexis.” I said, making it clear that I disagreed with my mom.
“If she wins this, she will win prizes, scholarships, gifts, and gain a lot of recognition.” She gave Alexis a rub on the back and then leaned down to kiss her on the cheek. “Her dark complexion works wonders with the judges. She’s an exotic blend, but still agrees with the American style.”
“Mom! I beg you. Do not do this to Alexis.”
“Already done,” she turned her head.
“Let’s go watch your video,” I said defeated, not wanting to sadden Alexis.
As we made our way to my room, I watched Alexis do her walk as she pretended she was on stage. She was gracious but was beginning to look unnatural since she was still a child. My mom would remind her sternly about her body posture while she was practicing. The entire time I wanted to throw up, but I stayed quiet and gritted my teeth.
“When can you come and watch me mommy?” Alexis asked, trying to gaze into my eyes.
“Once I finish my rehabilitation,” I replied, not knowing an end date, “Soon though. I still don’t agree with your grandma about this.”
“We know,” my mom interrupted. She began studying me in my wheelchair and moved her eyes around me.
“What are you looking at?” 
“You look to have lost some weight.” She turned her head but was still looking at me.
“Yes. I’ve been working out.” I felt like I was setting a better example for Alexis than my mom.
“Good for you,” she replied and then brushed her hand through Alexis’s hair, “The competition is in three months. That will give you enough time to get well. You will be out by then to see your daughter.”
It was good to think about leaving, but I didn’t want to leave to watch Alexis in the beauty pageant. I would have rather seen her at a dance recital or school function.  Once I was out, Alexis was not going to participate in the beauty pageant whether my mom wanted her to or not.
“Which reminds me,” my mom added, “You will be able to stay at home when you return. The guesthouse is not being used, and we made it wheelchair handy for anyone who is handy-capable.”
“You mean handicapped? If I was capable, you wouldn’t have made it wheelchair accessible.”
“I suppose,” she replied scratching the back of her head with two fingers, “A ‘thank you’ would have been a better response.”
“Thanks mom,” I said sarcastically, but then realized that she was doing me a favor, so I couldn’t be too harsh. The thought of leaving the hospital without a place to stay was troubling at first, which relieved some stress that I had the guesthouse to stay in, though it still had an eerie feeling since my grandma had died in it. Her furniture was haunting and too antique for my age. But it was better than staying at my small apartment. “Thank you for accommodating my needs,” I said more grateful this time.
My mom acknowledged me and then looked at the television on the wall, “Do you know how to set this camcorder up with the TV?” She picked the oversized camcorder up from the table, “I want you to watch Alexis’s pageant.”
“That’s an old camcorder,” I pointed out, “It might not be up to date with the new televisions. Where did you get that thing anyways? It bigger than your head.”
“This works great, and I’ve never had any problems with it,” she replied, “Help me out.”
“I don’t know how it works. But some words of advice; if you can’t fit it in your purse, it’s probably out of date.” I wanted to say she was too old for having it, but I held back my insults.
My mom asked Alexis to signal the nurse to come in and help us. “I think she’s around the corner, will you check?”
Alexis peeked her head out the door and looked both ways, then stepped farther out.
“Peggy,” my mom said with a serious tone, “What about the father? Will he be in attendance to Alexis’s needs, or is he a deadbeat? Or does he even know he has a daughter?”
“Don’t know, don’t care. I think I know who it is but I’m not going to pursue him.” It was possible I didn’t know who the father was, but I was sure it was the creepo Miguel I had met at the bar. 
“That’s a shame Peggy. You should—“
Alexis bashfully walked through the door, “I don’t know where the nurse is.”
“That’s ok,” I said, “Come join us and tell me something you did that doesn’t involve the pageant.”
I asked my mom to sit up and give Alexis her seat so she could be front of me. She wanted to continue talking about the father, but I was done with that subject. She didn’t need to know anything else. 
“So Alexis. How was school?”
Chapter 32
The three months of rehabilitation was strenuous and full of frustration. Wes pushed me harder every day, and it felt like I was going to faint from exhaustion because of his workouts. Although I was limited, my strength helped me feel more powerful and free. After every workout, I would go to the pool and swim my laps, doing more and swimming faster each time. I began to incorporate my stomach muscles to the best of my ability and used them to guide my body through the water. My arms would pull the water while my stomach controlled my bottom half. Nothing functioned below my hips, but I continued to try a dolphin kick for the lower half of my body. Sometimes I pictured my feet kicking behind me, but when I looked back, they would drag along from the pull of my arms.
Every day of the week I worked out, sometimes on my own. Feeling rejuvenated, I imagined I could do anything when I swam. Not only was I feeling better, but I was losing weight. My upper body no longer had any flabby skin and was becoming more muscular. My lower body was still struggling with the weight, but I could see a difference by just looking at my legs. It was likely that my diet was helping as well; sometimes I had ice cream, but most of the time I had a light meal and only ate a large meal after my workouts. I slept well and had no midnight cravings for food, though there was nothing available. Overall, I felt healthier and fit. 
Jeff usually would talk with me after my workouts and tell me about his struggles when he started out with one leg. His stories helped convince me that I wasn’t the only person that had experienced the same problems. When he had two legs, he used to work in the forests as a lumberjack, sometimes using a chainsaw. When he was holding his chainsaw, he walked around to the other side of the tree and stubbed the toe of his shoe against a rock and fell onto his chainsaw. He tried to yank the chainsaw away but the motion of him falling forward caused it to go through his leg.
He usually only came to exercise twice a week but said that he needed to stay strong with the rest of his body. I was becoming attached to him and really liked him until he told me that he had a girlfriend he was hoping to get back together with soon. He seemed like boyfriend material, and I wondered why he always complimented her. For me, his ex-girlfriend seemed like a real bitch.
I wasn’t going to see him for awhile, so I felt bold to approach him about his girlfriend. This weekend I was leaving to the beauty pageant to stop my daughter being in it. Wes had taught me more than I needed to know about being handicapped in the real world, though I was still anxious. I also feared I might not see Jeff again, or that he would leave while I was gone.
“You know,” I said breaking a long pause of him thinking of his girlfriend, “You don’t always have to end up with her. If she’s hesitant about you being paralyzed, she doesn’t deserve to be with you.” 
He set his crutches to the side and sat down on the bench next to me. “But I had one great year with her and now she doesn’t return my phone calls. You think that she would stay with me after all we had. I think she needs some time to think about it.”
“Maybe… But she shouldn’t have to think about it Jeff,” I replied and put my hand on his shoulder, “It should be a sure thing.”
He didn’t look up to me and his face was tilted down; his hair blocking most of his face. It bothered me that I couldn’t be any closer to him and was stuck in my wheel chair. Instead, I moved myself as close as I could to him, but there was still some distance separating us. 
“I’m going to give her some space for now. Maybe it’ll help.”
“Don’t wait for too long. Sometimes people already move on while we are still waiting behind. But let’s hope you’re right.” I dropped my hand and rested it on the side of my wheelchair; it felt like a small anti-social box that fitted around me. I still wasn’t used to it.
It was odd trying to help out Jeff and listen to his problems. I was never one to try and help out another person in need; possibly because I was selfish. The only time I remembered helping others was when I was working, and that was something I was getting paid to do.
“Before I leave tomorrow,” I said, “You need to make sure we stay in contact.” I wanted Jeff to have feelings for me. We did have being handicapped in common, and it would make me feel better to be with him instead of a normal bodied person having to always be burdened with my condition.
“We’ll be in contact,” he replied, “What are you going to do now that you’re leaving?”
I thought about it for a moment. The only thing on my mind was Alexis participating in her beauty pageant. “My daughter is being forced into a beauty pageant in Atlanta this weekend. My mom is very adamant about this thing, and I need to stop it.”
“How old is she?” Jeff asked, not understanding my concern.
“She turned seven a month ago.”
“Oh…” Jeff paused and tilted his head, “And why is she in a beauty pageant?”
“It’s this thing that my mom wants. She raised my daughter while I was in my coma and is trying to turn her life into a nightmare.”
“There are people who judge this?” Jeff asked.
“Apparently,” I replied distraught, “They judge everything about little girls.”
“Who’s to say what’s beautiful. For me, a mind is a terrible thing to waste if everyone focuses on the body.”
“Well, according to my mom, the body is. I totally disagree with her though.”
Jeff chuckled. I remembered he had seen my mom one day when she came to visit me. I was timid to introduce him to her, so I procrastinated until I no longer had the chance.
“I work out every day and I feel I’ve gained a nice looking body, but I don’t see that as beautiful. I do it for my health,” Jeff said, “And I don’t understand why I should flaunt it.”
I shook my head agreeing with his nice body but immediately stopped myself, trying to look serious. “Maybe like the beauty pageant, your girlfriend sees beautiful things differently than you do.”
Jeff nodded, “You know what? After being handicapped, you begin to think our entire society is one big beauty pageant. What we wear, eat, see, buy, or whatever is appealing to us controls our lives. But now, it all doesn’t matter. After awhile, we become bias for no reason.”
“I guess when you don’t have functional legs; you see other things as silly. Or maybe its jealousy, but I’m over that phase. I used to hate all the thin girls who flaunted their bodies, but now I try to understand what that accomplishes.” I thought about how many men I could attract if I had a nice body and functional legs. Maybe it was jealousy.
“After awhile you become satisfied for who you really are. Or at least that’s how it should be. You just have to find what works for you and then go with it.”
 “Well, I don’t want my daughter to end up like my mom is now. I wouldn’t be able to stand it.”
“Looks like you got the first part of your life down,” Jeff said, “but what next?”
“I need to think more into that I guess,” I replied, “I definitely need to find a new profession.”
“I’m sure whatever it is, you’ll find something you’ll like.”
I felt like we were getting off the topic, though it was heartening to see Jeff’s emotional side. I never had anyone to talk with me about something serious in life. I felt like if Jeff were around when I was younger, I would have had a more successful life. I enjoyed talking with him, and having a disability in common made me feel more comfortable. 
Without thinking, I leaned my head forward, trying to kiss him. I wasn’t able to reach him fully, but he understood what I was trying to do. I just needed him to inch his head forward.
Instead, he moved his head back slowly and created some distance between us. “Peggy…” he started, “I told you. I’m waiting for my girlfriend to come back around.”
“Are you serious?” I replied, “But you would have kissed me if… Or is it because of her or me?”
“I believe we’ll be together soon. I need to give it some time,” Jeff said and then looked into my eyes, “But I couldn’t be more flattered.”
I still didn’t know if he would have kissed me if he wasn’t thinking about someone else, or if he didn’t find me attractive. I wondered if I were a thin, beautiful woman if he would have kissed me anyways; but I tried not to think about that logic. “We can still stay in contact, right?”
“Of course, Peggy,” he replied, “I would love to see your daughter; maybe not in the beauty pageant but doing something else.”
“I’d like that,” I replied. Despite my attempt to kiss Jeff, and him rejecting me, it seemed like everything was going along fine. I still wanted Jeff’s body over mine, but with patience I could possibly have him. I decided to take it a step further. “If it doesn’t work out with your girlfriend, then you have me to take out.” I tried to think about me sitting in my wheelchair at a restaurant, but the thought of embarrassment chilled the playful expression on my face.
Jeff smiled but didn’t respond with anything provocative. He looked uncomfortable. 
“Sorry,” I said, “Didn’t mean to say that it won’t work out with her.”
“Its fine Peggy,” he replied, and shifted on the bench he was sitting on.
I moved my wheelchair back, thinking that I had tried hard enough for one day with Jeff. “I think I’m going to get one last swim in before I leave. I have to get up for a plane flight tomorrow.”
“I’ll walk you to the pool. My brother is coming to visit me, so I should get moving as well.”
I chuckled to Jeff’s comment about ‘walking me to the pool.’ 
“Are you excited to go see your daughter? Or I guess break her away from the competition?”
“I couldn’t be more excited to get back into the world. I am a little nervous about doing it in a wheelchair.”
“You’ll be fine Peggy. Everyone is really accommodating as you will see.” Jeff grabbed his crutches and stood up. His arms were thick and held him up with ease. He had been doing this for awhile. I hoped my arms would get the same way since I was always exercising.
I began moving with Jeff on my side. “I really enjoyed talking with you Jeff.” Everything would be fine if he had never mentioned his girlfriend.
“You too Peggy,” replied Jeff. He didn’t look at me, but I could tell he sounded sincere. 
As we approached the entrance to the pool, Jeff bent down while holding onto my wheelchair and gave me a hug. His leg that was supporting him was probably stronger than both his arms.
I relished the hug and didn’t want to let go, but when Jeff let go, I released him from my grasp.
“Here Peggy,” Jeff said holding out a folded piece of paper.
I grabbed it with two fingers and unfolded it to see his number written in it.
“Call me if you need anything.”
I leaned forward and hugged the lower half of his body and then released once he patted me on the back. I was acting like a baby with him, though other than Wes, he was the only real male contact that I had had since before my coma. Time had gone by fast and I was ready to leave rehabilitation. I knew it wasn’t over, since I was still going to attend like Jeff did, but it felt like I was never going to see him again.
After departing from Jeff, I changed into a swimsuit and then entered the pool. As I was descended into the water by the chairlift, I noticed someone was using flippers in the other lane. I remembered using them when I was in high school. It would make swimming so much easier if my feet would function, but I didn’t have that luxury as most people did.
Just for fun, I asked the lifeguard to retrieve me a pair of flippers so I could pretend to use my feet. My stomach muscles were getting stronger and they always helped my lower half stay horizontal when swimming.
Once I put on the flippers, I began scooping my hands through the water while using my stomach to make a dolphin kick. At times, I could feel myself going faster. When I focused on moving my stomach to move my lower half, it felt like I was making better progress. From the ground, it must have looked abnormal to see someone move their arms in a freestyle motion while using a dolphin kick with the legs, but I continued to move through the water. 
I thought of Alexis preparing for her beauty pageant next to my mom with her fake body. I thought of Jeff giving me his number and helping me out with everything during my rehabilitation. He was enlightening to talk to despite his obsession with his past girlfriend. I thought of what my life was going to be like after today in the real world. I was scared but knew I couldn’t live in the hospital rehabilitation center forever. 
My family was already in Atlanta for the big show this weekend; even Stan was going. Ted had said that he would drive me to the airport tomorrow and help me out with boarding my plane. He was still visiting me occasionally and sometimes brought his daughter and Elisa with him. They were no longer annoying for me; just more people to come visit. They were the only friends I had seen from my past.
I still wanted to swim every day as I felt like I was improving. Wes had told me so, but I didn’t know if it was because he was trying to motivate me or if it was true. But no matter what, I knew I was always going to swim and improve my health. That was a mistake in the past I had taken for granted. 
Chapter 33
I moved into the sunlight to feel the warmth outside but then backed up to stay in the shade where I was comfortable. The parking lot of the rehabilitation center was full, as well as the hospital next door. I could hear the automatic door open and close behind me from people walking in and out. Waiting at the top of the stairs, I tried to locate Ted’s car. He had helped me pack and take the rest of my belongings to my parent’s house.
Before moving towards the wheelchair slope that led to the parking lot, a familiar face appeared in front of me and turned from the sidewalk to walk up the stairs. My face formed a smile, immediately knowing that Kate was coming to visit me. She had the same face but was slightly more overweight than before. Her expensive purse hung under her armpit and her hair was combed back into a ponytail.
I moved in front of the stairs so she would walk into me, though she still wasn’t looking up. Finally, I called out her name as her eyes studied me sitting in my wheelchair.
“What have you got yourself into?” she grinned and quickened her pace to the top.
“You should have come sooner to see me. I wrote you, called, and everything else. Where the hell have you been?” I perched my shoulders up to hug her.
She smelled of some fruit perfume, which brought back memories of going out with her. 
“I’ve been around, but thought that you were still in your coma until Ted told me. Have you ever tried talking to someone who can’t understand you and won’t say anything back? There’s no point in visiting someone in a coma.” She stepped back and began to study me. “Why are you in a wheelchair?”
I thought of what it was like for everyone to visit me, especially Kate, who probably hadn’t stayed in my hospital room for longer than a minute. “My legs don’t work. I need this wheelchair to get around, but I’m making progress in the swimming pool.”
Kate’s had a disgusted look on her face as she stared at me and moved her eyes around my wheelchair. “So you’re handicapped?”
“Umm, yes,” I replied, “And you came at the worst time. I’m going to see my daughter Alexis at a beauty pageant… Well, mainly of me stopping her from doing it.”
Kate had more confusion on her face. “I told your mom that you wanted to abort that thing. Haven’t talked to her since…”
I took a deep breath. “Yeah, I’ve had to accept that I’ve had a daughter and always will have one. My mom is ruining her life though.”
“Well, I’m just happy I can talk to you.”
I moved my hands along the wheels. “What have you been doing? I feel like you’ve done some cool things while I was away?”
Kate began telling me of all the bars and clubs she had visited and the men she had sex with. Her stories were similar from when I had spent time with her, except she sometimes went out by herself or with new friends that I didn’t know. Everything she told me involved alcohol or men.
“What about you?” I stopped her, “What else have you done?”
“Peggy, I’ve been super busy.”
“With what?”
“Everything.”
I chuckled and realized she hadn’t changed since I last saw her. “How are your parents? Do you have a boyfriend now?”
“Parents, good. Boyfriend, no,” Kate replied, “You seem different?”
“Well, it’s been seven years. We are older. Isn’t that what’s supposed to happen?”
Kate paused but didn’t answer my question, “You look healthy. Did you lose weight?”
“I think so,” I said, feeling complimented. I couldn’t say the same for her, so I continued talking, “We need to go out together again, like old times.”
Kate shook her head, “It’ll be great. Except I don’t know how this wheelchair situation is going to work out.” Kate was thinking of how it would be done but realized I was looking at her coldly. “It should work.”
“Yes it will,” I replied, “I’m actually leaving for a flight right now. You want to walk with me?”
“Sure Peggy,” Kate said, unsure of what I meant.
I moved towards the wheelchair ramp that curved around a median of trees and hooked back around to the bottom of the stairs. 
“Here,” Kate said, “I can push you if you’d like.” Her voice sounded reluctant.
“I got it,” my hand waved her away, “Just walk to the side of me.”
I cautiously squeezed the breaks near my wheel so I wouldn’t go fast, but at the walking pace of Kate. She seemed shocked to see me as a paraplegic. 
“So, you ever find out who the dad was?” Kate asked.
“Nope,” I replied, “And I don’t care to see him ever again.”
“I guess your mom and dad are really the mom and dad for your daughter. How did you take the news of finding out you’re a mother?”
“Bad. In fact, real bad,” I replied, maneuvering myself around the turn, “But she’s actually pretty cool.”
“And why is she in a beauty pageant?” 
“Ugh,” I grunted, “I don’t want to get into that. My mom is an evil influence on Alexis. Have you seen her lately?”
“No, but I remember her getting lipo or something.”
“She’s like an old Barbie doll now. Her face is redone, fat sucked out, and she has new breasts. And she’s totally justifying it all. Now she’s living through Alexis. I’m going to have a fucked up kid if this continues.”
“So… You want to take responsibility for your daughter?”
“I just want to start out with getting her out of the beauty pageant, and then I’ll go from there.” We made it to the bottom and in front of the stairs. I wanted to get up and start walking with Kate, but my feet wouldn’t move as I tried lifting them up.
“Those pageants suck anyways,” Kate added, “When is it?”
“Tomorrow, you want to help?”
Kate hesitated, “I was going to go to Vegas… But I can meet you out there tomorrow if you’d like.”
“I would like that,” I replied, “I definitely wouldn’t want Ted to come with me.” Ted was too easy to make fun of sometimes.
“I’m going to have to get really drunk though. I hate those things.”
“That’s fine Kate.”
“We can both drink,” Kate said excited. Her cheering quickly ceased after she realized everything was going to be different. 
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” I said, “I would love to but I have to be sharp and can’t take the risk of hurting myself. I can’t imagine me being drunk in a wheelchair.” I felt like I had let her down but I had more important things to do. Perhaps inviting Kate was a bad idea; but then I thought of her similar hatred for those competitions and immediately agreed with myself that it was the best idea. “But you are going to go, right?”
“I’ll change my flight from Vegas to Atlanta as soon as I get home.”
Feeling better that Kate was going to the pageant, I thanked her and looked around for Ted. At this point I wanted Kate to take me but it was already agreed that Ted was going to drive me. 
“I can’t believe you have a daughter. I don’t think I’ll ever have kids.”
“You may someday.”
“It better be soon then because we aren’t getting any younger, like you so eloquently mentioned.”
“I still feel like I’m in my twenties,” I said, “At least you got to enjoy the years while I was comatose.” Though, I felt like we were still at the same level of accomplishment, which made me feel better when Kate was with me.
Ted slowly drove up next to the sidewalk. He was in a blue car that looked like it had seen better days. He honked his horn twice and then waved at us. The world seemed foreign, like the idea of a car was something from the past. I imagined myself swimming over to the car, but instead I cycled over with Kate walking by me side.
“Ted and his girlfriend are a fucked up couple,” Kate commented.
I snorted from laughter and agreed. I didn’t feel obligated to say anything mean because Ted and Elisa had visited me every week and were supportive. “They were at least able to find you. It took you forever to finally visit me when I’m leaving”
“Like I’ve said. I’ve been busy.”
Ted exited his car wearing sunglasses and a tan shirt that almost matched his skin. “Nice of you to finally make it Kate. Peggy asked about you every time Elisa and I visited her.”
“I made it, didn’t I?” Kate responded, almost offended.
“I’m taking Peggy to the airport,” Ted said, “But at least you know where she is.” He took out a phone from his pocket and handed it to me. “Your parents wanted me to give this to you so you can contact them once you get to Atlanta.”
“Thanks.” I entered Kate’s number, and then put it in my pocket. “Kate. Call me when you get to Atlanta.”
“Oh, you’re going to Atlanta too?” Ted sounded surprised.
“Yes, because Peggy is my friend.”
“Don’t bullshit Ted,” I said to Kate, “You’re just going to get drunk.”
“Well, of course,” she replied, “And you’re my friend.”
Ted changed the subject, “So I made the passenger side very capable for you. You’ll be able to enter with ease. And I wrote a funny little poem and put it on the dashboard. I had a fun time writing it and I think you’ll like it.”
I thought of all the poems and sayings he recited to me and knew I wasn’t going to find it entertaining, but I kept quiet and smiled. “Great. So Kate, I need you to call me on my new number when you get to Atlanta. It starts later, but you’ll need to give yourself some extra time. So, no drinking a lot tonight.” I knew it was pointless to tell her that. She usually showed up to an occasion whether she was late or not, depending on how drunk she was.
“Yes ma’am,” she replied, “Just call me on the plane flight to give me the details. I’m going to go change my flight.”
“I’m so glad to see you,” I said happily.
“Me too,” she replied, “We are going to have so much fun in Atlanta.”
For some reason, I didn’t sense truth or excitement in her voice. “You bet we are.”
I wheeled myself as close as I could to Kate and gave her a hug. From the feel of her body, she had definitely gained weight. Everything that I remembered of Kate didn’t seem as great anymore, like we had detached from each other. We had a lot of good times, but something had changed in her; maybe her enthusiasm towards me or possibly that she had to deal with me being in a wheelchair. Only time would tell how she felt about my situation and whether she decided to be a loyal friend; though she had never been loyal, but a friend at that.
Ignoring Ted calling my name, I watched Kate walk away and take out her phone to call someone.
“Peggy. Let’s lift you down this curb.”
“I can do it,” I replied looking down at my obstacle, “It’s just a little steep.”
“I’m not letting you do it on your own,” Ted said.
“Ugh… Fine Ted,” I replied, already starting to go down.
“Whoa.” Ted lunged forward and caught my wheelchair to help me go down slowly. “Just try to be careful once you get to Atlanta. I wouldn’t want to hear about you hurting yourself.”
“I know Ted,” I said and moved to the passenger seat. 
Ted opened the door for me and put his hands on my wheelchair. He was pushing me into the door more than he needed to.
“I got it Ted.” I was becoming annoyed that he always wanted to assist me with everything.
“I’m trying to help.”
“I got it,” I said and lifted myself from the wheelchair and transitioned onto his passenger seat. I moved my legs in position and settled into my seat. “Now I need help from you to put my wheelchair in the trunk.”
“Of course,” he said, “You good?”
“Yep.” I closed the door. While Ted was putting my wheelchair in the trunk, I looked for Kate in the parking lot, wondering if she would ever look at me the same. Part of me thought she would never want to hang out with me again. It was difficult to think she could be so cold-hearted, and we had had a history of good memories together, so she couldn’t just walk away from me.
I took the piece of paper that was folded on the dashboard and opened it up to read:
Whoever you see, they will always be in need. No matter how far you can go, or travel overseas. Find your way to live, for no one will disagree. And you will never forget, who you can be.
Ted entered the driver’s side and started up the car. It squealed before it finally calmed down, and we were off to the airport. 
“How do you like it?” Ted asked.
“The poem? It’s nice.” I looked behind me to see an empty baby seat and some grocery bags. Stacks of papers and empty cups were on the floor.
“I told Destiny about your daughter and she is excited to play with her,” Ted said.
“Are you sure Alexis isn’t too old for your daughter. They probably wouldn’t have much in common.”
“Well, maybe. But that doesn’t mean we can’t put them together.’
I didn’t respond and kept my eyes on the passing road. 
“We can talk about that later,” Ted said, “I also wanted to talk to you about something important.”
“What is that?” I asked with an unconcerned tone.
“Well, you remember some of my friends you met a long time ago? More specifically, Miguel. The man that you… you know… Slept with.”
“What of him?” I knew where Ted was going with this and I didn’t like it.
“He heard about you having a kid and he thinks that it’s his.”
“What! Why did you tell him Ted?” I said angrily.
“I didn’t tell him. He heard of it from someone and then he asked me. It just so happened your daughter is Hispanic and that the night you slept with him works out from nine months since you had Alexis.”
“This is none of your business Ted,” I replied, not ever wanting to hear about Miguel again.
“I know, but I brought it up because he knows about Alexis going to Atlanta, and I think he’s going to be there.”
“This just gets worse,” I replied, “Alexis isn’t going to participate in that contest once I pull her out of it. He’s going to have no part in it anything. How did he even hear about all this that’s going on?”
“I don’t know. Maybe through the grapevine.”
I thought of Elisa’s big mouth, or possibly my mom asking around for the father. “That man is a creepo. I’m not letting him do anything with Alexis, even if he is the father.”
“Just be careful. I thought I’d tell you because he’ll be there.”
“That’s just great,” I said sarcastically, “He’s a dead man.” I already had Alexis to deal with, and I didn’t want to have communications with the father. “What would you do Ted?”
Ted slowly applied his breaks for the intersection that turned red, “It’s your call Peggy. It sounds like you don’t want him in your life, so maybe it’s best that you let him know.”
“That sounds easy enough. He’s just lucky he’s not paying child support.”
Ted remained silent, focusing on his driving. “So what’s your plan once you get to the pageant? Are you going to just take Alexis away and fly her back?”
“That’s exactly what’s going to happen and then she’s going to get ready for school on Monday to think of a realistic goal in the future. Right now, she’s all I got.” 
“Well, she’s your daughter,” Ted replied.
“She is.”
I took out my new cell phone and entered Jeff’s number in it. I wanted to call him right now, but it seemed too quick. I decided to send him a text once I had the pageant situation resolved. He was still hanging onto false hopes with his past girlfriend, and I was going to catch him on the rebound.
“Do you know if you can get prosthetic legs Peggy? Ted asked.
“Maybe. I would have to see if it would improve my movement or make it worse,” I said looking down at my legs.
“Do you have any feeling in your legs?” Ted asked, “Because I think you will have a chance to improve everything. You gotta look on the brightside of things.”
“I sometimes feel things, but I think most of it is in my mind. Once I get used to everything, I think I’ll have a better grasp of things.”
“My suggestion is to get into some kind of sport. I read a lot of articles of handicapped people doing amazing activities.’
“I’m going to swim,” I replied, “I like being in the water. I can still probably beat you in a race.”
Ted’s question got me thinking about everything that I couldn’t do beneath the waist. My mind was still playing tricks on me, and I knew that I most likely didn’t have much feeling like I used to.
I took out my phone and began texting Kate. She was the only person who would be able to carry out a task for me that I wanted to try. It would be too embarrassing for me to buy on my own.
Kate, I need a vibrator. Please buy me one and I’ll pay you back
I sent the message and took a deep breath, waiting for a text back.
Chapter 34
As we made our way into the airport doors, Ted was pushing me from behind while I gazed around. I started cycling myself, but I felt awkward doing it alone, so I let Ted push me. After awhile, I noticed other people in wheelchairs being pushed around as well, which helped me feel more accepted. The floors were crowded as people moved around carrying their luggage and checked their flight details on the TV screens. Sitting down made me feel short and slower compared to the world. Everything was already complicated enough.
Ted helped me get the tickets as I explained my disability and needs for accommodation. My head was arched up at the lady typing in my information. It was difficult to see her face, though I didn’t care either way. Ted helped relay any information that I had missed.
After that, we passed the escalators and entered an elevator that brought us to the second floor. Upon exiting, Ted continued to ask me if I was alright or needed anything. I gave him the same response as usual, and was becoming increasingly agitated with his obsessive nature to help me.
Entering the checkpoint, I moved to the front of the line and was searched.
“This is the end of the line Peggy,” Ted said, “Do you need anything else?”
“No,” I replied. Ted was like a monkey on my back and I wanted to speak for myself. “Thanks for the help.”
He gave me a hug and I passed through the other side. Ted stood watching me to make sure I was fine as I waved him off. A few people carrying luggage thought I was trying to get their attention, but I apologized to them and turned around to see where I was headed next.
A man behind me dressed in an airport service uniform greeted me. “Hi there Peggy,” he said, “My name is Oliver and I’m here to help you reach your destination.”
I looked behind me to see Ted still waiting on the other side. He was trying to stand on his toes to get a better view of me. “I’m Peggy, let’s go.”
He stepped behind me and began pushing me through the crowd. I wanted to move by myself, but also felt intimidated that I would be alone and needy if anything happened. It would take some time to adjust to my situation, but for now, I sat back and relaxed in my chair. As I was being pushed through the airport, I realized I was missing a day of swimming and working out. This was the first time for awhile that I hadn’t exercised. 
“Wait, umm… Oliver is it?” I asked, “I want to do this myself.”
“Sure Peggy,” he replied, but still walked behind me. As I continued down the hallway, I noticed the people walking towards me move to the other side to make sure they were not in my way. A few didn’t see me but quickly stepped to the side once they recognized that I was in a wheelchair.
Oliver trailed behind me. His duty was to get me to the destination safely, but he also didn’t want to offend me. I gazed at the shops to the side, but brought my attention back to the hallway and crowds of people.
I reached my flight and waited to board. Oliver leaned against the wall, waiting for me to enter the plane. He wasn’t much of an outgoing person, which made my wait boring. I was the first called as everyone watched me exchange my ticket and follow the attendants down the tunnel and into the plane. 
I was seated in the front and asked by the attendants and Oliver if I needed anything else. I put my thumb up, wanting them to go away. Overall, I thought my experience was easier than I had expected. I watched everyone else board and walk past me. I felt privileged to be first but would have rather been able to walk.
I started texting Kate again and then called my dad to let him know I was ready to meet him in Atlanta. I didn’t want to meet my mom or talk with her, so my dad had volunteered to pick me up. 
The stewards went through their routine of safety demonstrations of what to do in an emergency. I put on my headphones, knowing I would be helpless in an emergency.
Chapter 35
I spotted my dad standing next to his car at the side of the road in front of the airport. I was being pushed by another airport worker named John, who didn’t understand that I wanted to do the work myself. He seemed to be slower thinking than the average person and would ask me dumb questions as we walked outside.
My dad approached us and waved over someone in the car to come join us. He bent down and gave me a hug, looking back to the car. I told John to go away and that I could take it from here. It looked like he wanted a tip but I ignored his request.
Walking from the car and standing next to my dad was a strong looking man who was over six feet. He had an older face but his muscular body helped define his younger look. His dark hair was parted to the side and combed over with a loop in the front.
“This is Chris. He is going to be your helper for the weekend,” my dad said.
I looked over his body again, enjoying all the well built trainers that were always appointed to me. I smiled and shook his hand, knowing that he was going to see me naked, whether it was me getting in the hotel shower or using the toilet. It would get personal soon enough, unless if everything was handicapped accessible, but I doubted it.
“I’m trying to become independent, so the less help, the better, unless I ask,” I said.
“Good for you,” he replied, “I can show you some exercises as well if you want to practice.”
“Sure. I will need some help with some other things as well, but I’ll tell you later.” I knew he would be a good use to help me get Alexis and leave Atlanta before the competition.
My dad motioned for us to get in the car. “Peggy’s daughter has a big day tomorrow. Shall I drive you to your hotel?”
“She doesn’t have a big day tomorrow because she’s not participating in it,” I replied.
“We thought you’d say that,” my dad replied, “But let’s talk about it in the car.”
“You seriously agree with this?” I asked with my arms crossed, and then looked to Chris for justification.
“In the car,” my dad ordered.
Chris helped me into the passenger seat and put my wheelchair in the trunk. It felt like I had a bodyguard that did as I commanded.
“So we got you your own hotel. It’s close by the event tomorrow,” my dad said as he sped away from the airport.
“I want a room with Alexis,” I said. I knew my parents were trying to isolate me from her.
“I talked about this with mom and we thought it would be good if you didn’t see Alexis until the beauty pageant starts. Since she’s expecting for you to come, you can give her some encouragement before she performs. She has put a lot of work into this and it would be devastating if she was pulled from it, regardless if it’s right or wrong.”
“You can’t do this!” I replied. I didn’t know why, but I looked at Chris hoping he would help me out, but he didn’t say anything.
“Alexis is all yours after the pageant. But just do this for mom. I wouldn’t hear the last of it if Alexis was pulled.”
“What’s Stan’s number?” I asked.
“He won’t tell you either. I think he’s out at the bars anyways. I’ll give you his number after the pageant.”
“This is bullshit!” I complained, “So Chris, welcome to my fucked up family; one that doesn’t even let the mother see her own daughter. And she is participating in a beauty pageant at age seven.”
Chris remained silent. He didn’t know what to say, though I would get him to talk soon. I didn’t want to tell my parents about my plans to take Alexis away or else I wouldn’t see her until after the show. But in reality, my plans were more of an eagerness to snatch Alexis and escape, and I’m sure everyone knew my intentions. 
“So you’re going to drop me off at my hotel and won’t talk to me until the pageant starts and Alexis is on stage?”
“Nonsense Peggy,” my dad replied, “We can all spend some time together tonight. We can do anything you’d like; except leave Atlanta.”
“I don’t want to leave Atlanta. I just want to leave the pageant.”
“That’s not an option, sorry.”
“C’mon dad. Reason with me that this is stupid.” 
From the backseat, Chris’s head moved from driver seat to passenger seat, invested in our conversation. He was going to get a drama filled show all weekend, but I needed him to be on my side.
“It may be, but I want to go home happy, and the only way for that to happen is to have a happy wife go home with me.”
I continued to argue with him until we arrived at the hotel I was staying at. Chris assisted me out of the car and onto the wheelchair. I apologized to him about my argument with my dad.
“We are staying right down the street,” my dad said, “We will call you in a little. For now, get settled in and let us know what we can do.” My dad looked down and then back up to me as I sat outside his window. “This will all be over soon.”
“It could be over sooner,” I replied. I watched him drive away and tried to follow his car down the street, but it moved out of sight. My family wasn’t going to let me have Alexis until the pageant was over. But even after it was over, there was nothing to stop my mom from enlisting Alexis in another pageant. 
I began cycling into the hotel, making sure I was doing all the work and Chris was walking by my side.
Once we checked in, I had my own room and Chris was in the room next to me. He helped me clean myself up and shower. He was quite strong and never said much to me as he held me. I tried to start up conversation with him many times but he was strictly about his job. My family could have hired a more amusing helper than him. 
I dismissed him and sat in my wheelchair while watching TV, knowing that he was a phone call away.
My phone began ringing. It was my mom, so I answered.
“Hi Peggy. Dad told me you made it safe and sound. Everything ok?”
“Sort of,” I replied bitterly, “Can I see Alexis now?”
There was a moment of silence. “I talked it over with dad and we decided that you can join us for dinner tonight?”
“I would like to join you. I didn’t fly to Atlanta to watch TV all night.”
“Don’t get snappy with me Peggy. How’s Chris? Is he helping to his fullest potential?”
“Yes, he’s very nice,” I replied, “Is Alexis there? Can I speak to her?”
“She’s practicing. She will be at dinner tonight though.”
I sighed and then got the directions for the location to where we were going to have dinner. I didn’t want to speak with my mom any longer than I had to. My nerves were unsteady until I could leave Atlanta with Alexis next to me. I had no plans afterwards, but I knew this was the first step.
I called Chris over once I finished talking with my mom. He entered wearing a different shirt that revealed his muscular arms and made his biceps look larger than normal.
“Chris,” I said firmly, “I need you to do me a favor.”
“What’s that?” He asked, ready to listen to my request.
“We are going out to dinner tonight and you need to help me take Alexis. We can cut this trip short and you’ll be off the hook. Whatta say?”
“I’m working the weekend Peggy. And what you are asking me to do is to kidnap your daughter. I’m sorry but I can’t. I can help you prepare for tonight, get around the place, or help you exercise.”
“That’s nice of you, but can you please help me. I’ll do whatever for you.”
“Sorry Peggy,” Chris replied, “What can I help you with to prepare you for dinner?”
“Nothing.” I took out my cell phone to call Kate, but there was no answer. I needed her more than anything today. 
Chapter 36
The streets were busy and the night lights illuminated off the passing cars and onto the buildings. I didn’t say anything to Chris on the drive to meet my parents, though he might have liked the silence. We drove out of the main city that was overcrowded and ended near the suburbs. My mom thought she was being helpful to my needs to find a restaurant that wasn’t an inconvenience for me. Chris’s eyes were straight forward following the directions given to him. I switched on the radio to stop the silence.
“Hey Chris.” I waited for him to look at me. “I want you to look at my mom and tell me if you would want that for my daughter. You don’t have to do anything. I just want you to tell me if what I want is wrong or right. That’s it.”
“I’m not getting involved in anything family. That’s your business and I am just a helper.”
“Then observe tonight and get back to me when we return to the hotel.” I turned up the radio, not letting him respond back.
We parked in a handicapped spot and entered the restaurant. Out on the patio were my mom, dad, Stan, and Alexis. Once everyone noticed me, Alexis ran over and gave me a hug. She was dressed like a teenager and her hair was neatly bundled up behind her.
“Don’t touch her hair,” my mom yelled, “We worked on it all day setting it up.”
I flipped her off with my hand behind Alexis so she couldn’t see me. “How are you feeling?”
“Tired, mommy,” she replied.
“That’s because you should be home right now,” I replied and looked up to Chris who was watching. I needed to change his mind.
My dad stepped in front of my mom and interrupted, “remember what we talked about Peggy.” My mom looked confused and then looked back down to Alexis. She looked like she wanted to fix something in Alexis’s hair. Stan was in the background as usual and was growing some stubble on his face. He looked much older when he didn’t shave.
“I feel so much better that you’re here,” Alexis said, “I’m a little scared.”
“It’ll all be over soon and then everything will go back to normal,” I replied, “And you’ll never have to do this again.”
“I’m glad you had no problems at the airport or getting here. I’m sure Chris is a great helper,” my mom smiled and held onto Chris’s arm. She released her hand, not wanting to let go and then tended to Alexis’s hair.
“Why does she have to look so fake all the time? I don’t want this of her?”
“Let’s not get started on this,” my mom replied, “You’re going to love her dress we picked out.”
“It’s probably ridiculous, and it must have cost you a fortune.”
“Twelve thousand dollars,” my mom said proudly.
My mouth dropped in disbelief.
My dad intervened, “Let’s sit down.” He led us over to the table where Stan was sitting and texting on his phone. His friend sat across from him at the table. He was handsome and hispanic, but looked older than Stan.
I was positioned at the head of the table where I could see everything without turning my head a lot. Everyone found their seats, Alexis sitting at the far end of the table next to my mom.
“Why don’t you come sit next to your mom,” I said to my daughter. My mom was suspicious with my intentions, but allowed Alexis to pull a chair next to me. She rearranged the plates and Alexis’s glass of soda with a straw in it.
I gave Stan a nod as he did the same. “Who’s your buddy?” I asked.
“I don’t know,” he replied, “ask mom.”
My eyes glared to my mom. My dad looked away and got the waiter’s attention to ask him some questions on the menu. Chris was on the other side of me and maintained his neutral face. 
“Who’s he?” I asked again. I looked into his brown eyes, trying to get an answer from him, but he exchanged looks with my mom.
She took a drink of her wine and the cleared her throat. “He’s what I call the decoy daddy. He cheers and makes himself seen as Alexis’s father, and since he’s tall, beautiful, and Hispanic, he will help convince the judges that Alexis should win.”
“What?” I waited for her to explain further.
“You will be sitting next to him. I’ve given this a lot of thought and think a handicapped mom will play well to the judges. Since you can’t stand up, most of the attention will be on Ricardo here.”
“You’re out of your mind. I can’t believe you’re doing this for Alexis to win a stupid competition.” I looked to Chris, “See what I mean.”
“What have you been telling him?” my mom asked, “that I’m a bad person. Well, I’m not.”
“Sometimes I think you’re doing all of this on purpose. I don’t know why though.”
My dad interrupted again, “Did everyone look at the menu?”
I quickly looked down and then back at everyone at the table. Ricardo did have a nice smile and he was tall and sexy. “Where did you even find him? I know you can’t put an ad up for this.”
“I have my ways.”
“Ok crazy grandma,” I commented and opened Alexis’s menu, “What are you going to eat?”
Alexis held her straw in her mouth, not paying attention to the menu in front of her. “I dunno,” she said delightedly. Her shoulders were swaying back and forth, waiting for someone to make a decision for her.
“How about this kids meal? It has mac and cheese?”
My mom interrupted, “She is only going to have a light meal. She’s got a big day tomorrow.”
Alexis’s shoulders stopped swaying and she sipped her drink again. 
“She can have anything she wants,” I said back.
My dad raised his hand.  “Please. Let’s just get through tonight and tomorrow and stop the bickering. Why can’t you two get along for one day?”
I didn’t answer and looked over at Chris again, “Just tap me on the shoulder when you’ve made up your mind to help me go back home. You still get paid and your weekend cut short.”
“Stop it Peggy,” my mom yelled.
I ignored her and asked Alexis, “things are going to be different. You will have a lot more freedom and will be a lot happier. Just believe me.” I rubbed her back and gave her a kiss on the top of her head.
After we ordered, my mom raised her wine glass to propose a toast. Stan began texting on his phone again. He never talked much at family occasions and was more of himself when he was around his friends. He was the last to lift his glass with everyone else.
“A toast. To new beginnings and for a wonderful show tomorrow,” my mom smiled at Alexis.
Everyone drank except for me as I set my glass down and watched Alexis drink her soda. I couldn’t believe that my mom was getting away with all of this. She pretended she wanted to give me back to Alexis, but was having difficulty letting her go, especially her dreams for Alexis.
My dad began talking with Stan about his classes and what he had to do to become a veterinarian. I listened to what Stan was saying and thought about my future plans. Perhaps I could go to school like Stan and get a good job. It must have been awkward for Chris and Ricardo to witness my mom and me arguing about Alexis. They were silent for most of the time.
“If you’ll excuse me,” my mom announced and slid back her chair, “I need to go to the ladies room.”
I watched her move her body like she was on the pageant runway as she kept a smug look on her face. After she disappeared and my dad was involved in conversation with Stan, I leaned over to Alexis.
“Psst,” I motioned for her attention, “You want to go on a wheelchair ride with mommy?”
She shook her head yes with a smile, set her drink on the table, and stood up. I couldn’t believe how statuesque she made herself at a young age.
“You’ve grown,” I complimented, “Let’s see how this will work. These wheelchairs can be fun sometimes as you will see; like your own go-cart.”
Chris straightened his arms from the table, curious as to what I was conjuring.
“Now for this to work, you can sit on whichever side you want. Don’t worry about my legs; they don’t feel much. Then, you can put your feet on this side of the foot pedestal.” I lifted up my foot and moved it over so she would have some room.
Alexis put her hands on my arm-rest, confused of what to do next. “Is there a horn on it?” she asked.
I grinned. “No, but we can make horn noises. Come aboard.” Surprisingly, I was able to lift her onto my lap and had her put one of her arms around my shoulder. We were both able to face forward.
Stan and my dad both looked over but ignored me. My dad chuckled and then asked Stan another question. Ricardo was staring at me, as well as Chris. I could see in his eyes, Chris wanted to stop me so he wouldn’t get in trouble with my mom. My mom had a commanding effect over many people, and her surgery had changed her personality to become demanding.
“C’mon, let’s go explore,” I said with hidden excitement. 
“Yay mommy!”
I backed up from the table and turned around. “Now the turning is sometimes hard, but I’ve gotten used to it. I want you to tell me where to go, once we get outside the restaurant.”
Chris stood up with uneasiness and followed me to the back of the patio where the exit sign was. Alexis was giggling as we moved towards the outside sidewalk.
“Where are you going Peggy?” asked Chris, “Don’t tell me you’re doing what you were saying. I can’t have any part in this.”
“That’s fine,” I said, “You just have to drive.”
He didn’t respond and continued to follow me as we were told to ‘have a good night’ by the hostesses directing the people waiting outside for their next available table.
“Go towards those lights,” Alexis pointed to a palm tree with decorated lights swirled around the high trunk. We passed by it and then another palm tree.
I turned the wheelchair into the parking lot where Chris had parked the car. It was crowded with cars looking for an open space. Once they saw me in a wheelchair with a little girl, they put on the brakes and then slowly continued forward.
“You not serious, are you?” Chris said behind me.
“More serious than ever.” I changed my voice to cheer along with Alexis.
I asked Chris to open the doors as we approached the car. After he didn’t respond, I ordered, “Do as I say.”
“Where are we going mommy?” asked Alexis. She looked around her in the parking lot, unsure of how we’d made it this far.
“Somewhere.” I didn’t know to explain my reasoning and waited for Chris who was still hesitant to open the door.
A car had stopped behind us and waited for us to pull out so they could take our spot. The blinker on the car was on, signifying that it was going to turn into our space once we left. 
“Where do you think you’re going?” my mom said out of breath. Behind her was my father fast-walking towards us. 
“Hi grandma,” Alexis waved, “We are going on a wheelchair ride.”
“I see,” my mom replied, “And your mom didn’t tell you where you were going.”
“Somewhere,” she replied, oblivious of my intentions to escape.
My dad stood next to my mom. “Let’s go back to the restaurant, please.”
“I don’t want Alexis to do the beauty pageant. This was your decision, not hers. As her mother, I say no.”
“You just can’t make her leave because you want to,” my mom said.
“She should have never left home,” I replied back.
“It doesn’t matter.” She grabbed Alexis by the arm and pulled her away. “C’mon honey.”
“Stop it!” I yelled, “This is unfair.”
I heard Alexis crying as she followed my mom who had a firm grip on her. My dad turned and walked with my mom.
“Thanks for the help Chris. We could have made it.” I dropped my head down, not wanting to go anywhere.
“It’s not my decision,” he replied, and then grabbed the back of my wheelchair.
The car waiting for us began to honk his horn.
“Fuck off!” I yelled at him. 
Chris pushed me faster onto the sidewalk and back into the restaurant without saying anything.
Chapter 37
I was having trouble sleeping, and just when I was about to doze off, I thought of how I was treated at dinner. Finally, I called Chris and woke him up to fetch me a bottle of liquor, which he didn’t and then left me alone in my room. I told him he was no fun and that I wouldn’t ever hire him again, though it was my parents that were paying him.
Everything was restricted, especially access to my own daughter. My mom wouldn’t back down, my dad was scared of my mom, Stan was useless to help, and Chris didn’t seem to make anything his own business. Eventually, I cried myself to sleep.
The next morning, Chris showed me some exercises in my wheelchair and helped me get ready for the pageant. He seemed nice, and I understood his reason to not get involved with family arguments, but I wanted him to choose my side. I told him that I disagreed completely of what my mom was doing to my daughter. I informed him about what had happened in my coma and how I had woken up years later. He seemed impressed with my story and slightly sympathetic to my lack of control.
Afterwards, I called Kate who was on her way to Atlanta; she was either hungover or drunk. She made it sound like she had a big date in Vegas and had to postpone her big plans for another weekend. She was the only person who could help since there was no way for me to escape with Alexis. Or I had to give up and accept the fact that my daughter was in a beauty pageant at age seven. There had to be a way to show dominance towards the situation and gain control of everything.
On our way to the beauty pageant, I rolled down the window and stuck my head out to enjoy the weather. The clouds blocked the sun and continued to roll over the horizon with the smell of rain. Chris seemed nervous that I had my head out the window and was trying to get my attention.
I moved back in to see what he wanted. “What? You’ve never stuck your head out the window before?”
“Not at my age,” he replied, “You look content today, that’s all. After last night I would have thought you would have still been angry.”
“There’s nothing I can do. So why bother?”
“Good point,” he shook his head agreeing, “Just for the record. I think this is messed up, and you were right to do stand up for what you believe in.”
My eyebrows perked up, “Why thank you. I was wondering when you would come to your senses. A little late though. It means a lot you said that. From yesterday and today, I thought I was alone on everything.”
“That doesn’t mean I’m helping with anything. It just means I agree with you.”
“Chris, you tease me,” I joked. Trying to get him to show his sense of humor was unachievable.
“So, nothing crazy like last night?” he asked, maintaining a solid face.
“Depends if you want to help. I’m going to keep trying, because that’s what you do when your daughter is forced into a beauty pageant.”
“But there’s nothing you can do… you said that a minute ago,” he replied, hoping to convince me not to do anything stupid and trying to relieve his own worry to look after me.
“Not yet, anyways.” I leaned my head back in my head rest and looked out the window.
We entered the stadium that had spotlights on the top flashing streams of light into the cloudy sky. I grunted after looking at how big of a spectacle this was and thought of Alexis in front of a big crowd. Chris was pushing me from behind, almost speechless to the event. He continued to stay quiet unless I needed something. Inside, the lobby was crowded and had food and beverage stands throughout the sides. Clips of last year’s pageants were being shown on the TVs along the walls, and many girls were being interviewed to the side. Feeling sick, I told Chris to take me to my seat.
After looking at my ticket, I noticed our seats were fairly close to the front. The hallway that led us inside had a view of the auditorium and the dimly lit stage at the front. The seats were being filled as people passed through left and right. Cameras were placed around the stage and pointed towards the red curtains that were ready to reveal the show. Everyone seemed to be having a good time except for me.
Chris pushed me down the aisle and close to the front. He stopped and then set me to the side closest to the aisle. A space had been cleared for a wheelchair, and it was next to Ricardo. He stood up and greeted me with a smile. I looked over his body at how handsome he was; which only exasperated my anger.
“Hey mouth-breather,” I said to Ricardo, “Scoot down a seat so Chris can sit next to me.”
Ricardo looked around him, thinking I was telling someone else to move. He studied his ticket, realizing I was serious, and moved over a seat for Chris. Once we were seated, I checked my phone for any messages. Kate was on her way, which put a smile on my face.
I looked around as the seats were filling up fast, wondering where my family was. I leaned over Chris and asked Ricardo, “where’s my family at?”
He looked at his phone and shrugged his shoulder, “I was with them awhile ago, but they should be coming. These other seats are for them too.”
“And let me guess. My mom is sitting next to you.” My voice sounded judgmental but I didn’t care.
“Maybe,” he replied.
“You don’t suppose there would be a way to see my daughter who is backstage?”
“You didn’t get a backstage pass?” he asked.
“Umm, no. Do you have one?” I noticed that he had a lanyard around his neck with a card attached at the bottom. “Give me it.” It was more of an order.
“I don’t think people in wheelchairs can go back there,” said Ricardo, “I mean. It’s not accessible.”
“Give me your fucking backstage pass,” I replied harshly.
Ricardo took it off his neck and handed me his pass. He then leaned back in his chair and rubbed his head. Chris had no reaction but didn’t say anything, which was good.
“Chris?” I asked, holding the backstage pass.
He knew that I was going to ask him to join me. He didn’t have a choice in the matter. “Let me guess. You want to go backstage?” It was more of a statement than a question.
“Duh,” I replied, “Let’s go.” I looked over at Ricardo. “You stay here and look pretty.”
He didn’t respond as Chris stood up and began pushing me up through the aisles.
“Do you even know where to go?” Chris asked.
“Let’s start with the lobby and work our way back to the stage. It’s probably not that hard to find.”
As we moved around the lobby, it curved around until we reached the end where two security guards were in front of a narrow hallway that led to the back of the stage. I tapped Chris on the arm, excited that we had found what we were looking for.
I took out the lanyard and prepared to show it to the guards.
“This isn’t going to work,” Chris said into my ear.
“It will,” I replied confidently as we approached them.
I discreetly held up my identification and then put it down at the moment they tried to study it. One stepped aside while the other crossed his arms and didn’t move.
“Where’s his pass?” the guard said crossing his arms.
“Just let us through. I’m trying to see my daughter before this starts.”
Chris held onto the back of the wheelchair, “I just need to help her through. You wouldn’t leave someone in a wheelchair by herself would you?” His voice had a subtlety of demand in it, but he remained calm.
A couple passed us and entered. They both had lanyards but were not checked by the guards. I began to think that we should have walked by them nonchalantly like the couple had. I began following the couple and pushed down on my wheels like I wasn’t going to be stopped. Chris followed behind me without being held up.
“Nice job at pulling the handicapped card on them,” I complimented Chris, “They were a joke anyways.” I realized that a lot of people didn’t have their passes showing, which made me feel better. Sometimes knowing what you wanted and staying committed can simply get you to where you need to go.
We began passing dolled-up girls that were participating in the beauty pageant. I quickly scanned each family and girl to see if I recognized anyone. Chris did the same while maintaining awareness of who was in front of him. It continued to disturb me to see little girls dressed up and looking like barbie dolls that were not even adolescent.
Chris tapped me on the shoulder, “Found them.”
He turned me to face my family standing around Alexis, who was dressed-up and completely different from when I had seen her last night. Makeup was smothered over her face, her hair was vibrant and curled to perfection, her dress was sparkling and showing some skin, and her eyelashes stood out with makeup trimmed around her eyes.
Stan noticed me first and stepped to the side. My mom and dad both recognized me which triggered Alexis to see me. She jumped up and ran over and gave me a hug. My mom tried to catch her but finally gave up from stopping her.
As I was hugging Alexis, I looked up at my mom, “Thanks for the backstage pass.”
“I’m nervous,” Alexis said into my ear.
My mom stepped in. “You will do great. Remember to show them your sassy walk.” My mom brushed off something on Alexis’s dress and made her face her to inspect any makeup that may have smeared.
“She’s seven, mom. Be easy on her.”
“If you haven’t noticed, this competition teaches confidence, which is something she lacks.”
“She’s seven, mom.” I wanted to take her away.
Many of the girls began lining up at the stairs that led around to the stage. Their parents stood beside them, inspecting their attire to make sure their presence was perfect. 
I gave Alexis a kiss on the head, supportive of her but unsupportive to the occasion. “Well, there’s nothing I can do to make you not do this, but you’ll be fine. Everything will be ok.”
My mom interfered, “It took us over four hours to get her hair that way and makeup on. Don’t ruin it.”
I smacked her hand away. My dad spoke up, “It’s about to start and then it will be done Peggy.”
“You’re not helping any,” I scolded him.
We walked over to the small case of stairs leading up as my mom continued to motivate Alexis to do well in the pageant. “Remember, you have the complete package.” 
Before my mom helped Alexis up the stairs, Alexis gave me one last hug. My dad and Stan stayed below with me. A tear fell from my eye, but I quickly wiped it away for no one to see. I watched them reach the top of the stairs and waved to Alexis. My mom gave me a snobbish look, almost like she was sticking her tongue out at me. 
“After today, I decide what Alexis does and doesn’t do.” I looked up to my dad to make sure he was listening.
“That’s fine Peggy,” he replied, “Your mom did take care of your daughter while you were away. You gotta give her some credit even if this is something you don’t want to happen.”
Stan seemed disconnected with the event and resumed texting on his phone. “What do you think of all this Stan?” I asked.
He shrugged his shoulders, “It’s cool.”
“Let’s go to our seats to watch,” my dad said. He didn’t sound too interested.
“I’m staying here,” I said, “I want to be here when she is done.”
“Suit yourself,” Stan replied but was stopped by my dad.
“Ok, we will call you when it’s over,” my dad said. He knew I couldn’t do much more harm since the stairs blocked any more progress I could make. His main concern was for my mom and me to get along with each other and he didn’t want to go home having to listen to my mom complain. He had lost any say in his marriage with his wife. I wanted to ask him where his balls were.
“What are we doing now?” asked Chris, watching my dad and Stan walk away.
“Hold on.” I waited for my dad and Stan to be out of sight as my eyes began to water again. I ducked my head down and cried. All the frustration and tension released into a sobbing outcry for help. Being limited to everything in my life caused me to feel insignificant. 
Chris moved me into the corner so I wasn’t blocking anyone and let me cry everything out. He didn’t say anything to me for five minutes, and then finally asked if I was doing better. Tissues were in his hand that I swiped up and applied to my face. 
“You ok?”
“No,” I pouted and looked down at my phone ringing. It was Kate, so I answered.
“Hello?” My voice was weak.
“I’m here,” she said happily, “Where are you?”
“Come back stage,” I said and hung up the phone. 
I began thinking where everything went wrong, besides the fact that I was unconscious for many years. This obvious phase that my mom was in made her think differently and treat others with disrespect. When I was Alexis’s age, my mom didn’t behave the way she did now. When I didn’t want to do something as a kid, she easily let me have my way. Perhaps it was because they didn’t care about her as much as they did to me. Although I took that into consideration, childhood was a delicate issue, and it was difficult to determine how to raise your child effectively. My opinion was different than every parent in the room, though I had no say in what I wanted for Alexis. I couldn’t imagine being proud of her for being a model, if that ever happened. Success was something I was searching for myself, and I was nothing special.
“Peggy,” Chris said, “What are you expecting out of all this?”
“To be out of here and not have to deal with my mom.”
“That’s something that will probably not happen. Think realistically, what can you do at this point? You were saying this in the car and it made sense. What can you do?”
“Nothing really,” I replied, thinking about the defeat I had just accepted. Seeing Alexis dressed up enraged my motivation to escape with her.
“Exactly. What do you say we just relax in our designated seats and enjoy the show?”
“But…” I couldn’t think of any way to solve my dilemma.
“You keep trying to work at solving the problem when it only gets worse. I know you can’t do anything about it, but you can’t just change something in one day. It takes time. If you love your daughter, then she will see it and be able to change for the better. I can’t keep helping you because it’s a risk that could get me in trouble.”
“Fine Christopher,” I replied sarcastically, “If you would have just opened the car door when I had Alexis with me at the restaurant, we wouldn’t have been here and you would be home right now. But now, you have to deal with my bullshit because of it. Say what you want to say, but I fight when I want something, and I’ll keep fighting. So go ahead and give me another speech.” A few tears fell from my face after I thought I had finished crying. “And why are you so judgmental all of a sudden? For the rest of the night, just be quiet. I’m paying you to help me out for other issues.”
“Fine,” Chris said. He had originally been detached from my emotional life, but now he was somehow dragged in. His head was looking in the other direction as if to show that he was uninterested in me. It was probably better that way.
“Let’s go meet Kate,” I said, “I can’t stand being back here.” I turned around and expected Chris to follow me as I cycled back through the hallways to where we had entered.
To my side was a small girl dressed up in a sparkling dress with her head in a small trash bin. She was throwing up while her mother was holding onto her head and tilting the bin in her direction. By the sound of it, the small girl didn’t have anything left in her system. The mom caught me staring at her while holding her daughter. She looked to be rattled as her head turned to face me directly to challenge my intrusion. Her curled dark hair looped over her face and wrinkles discolored her tan face.
I hadn’t realized that I had stopped to watch; it was more in disbelief. I needed to question my mom if she had made Alexis throw up before a competition. Chris tapped my shoulder and began pushing me away. My eyes stayed deadlocked on the mother holding her daughter until my head could no longer turn to see her. I cycled faster so that Chris was no longer pushing me.
“We came from that way,” Chris said behind me, “You’re going the wrong way.”
“There’s not only one way out Chris. Plus we gotta find Kate.” I could hear Chris grunting behind me. His agitation from my stubbornness was beginning to show.
I turned the corner, putting more effort on one side of the wheel to turn. I was excited to have Kate be with me. She usually listened better and gave feedback that was worth using, mostly because she didn’t have much interest in it. Although she was a bit crazy, she helped me gain some sanity.
As I finished rounding the corner, stairs began to trail down towards the lobby. Chris was right; we should have gone the other way.
Applying the brakes as fast as I could, I knew I was going to topple down the stairs. I tried to grasp the wheel to make it stop, but it was too late as I already began leaning forward. My hands caught the side of the railing that was against the wall. My body swung around and my legs swirled in front of me as I was now facing the other direction and saw Chris running to my aid. The wheelchair crashed at the bottom of the stairs, causing the people walking up to scream and run to me. I slowly stopped and grasped onto the rail that had saved my life. Wes had taught me some life saving skills in times of an emergency, and I had used him. I had to remember to write him a thank you card.
My arms remained tense, still holding onto the rail. I slowly let myself down but was caught in Chris’s arms.
“What are you doing Peggy?” he said distressfully. 
“I don’t know,” I said with honesty, “Please help.”
“Of course I’m going to help you,” Chris said as he lifted me down the stairs to me wheelchair. His arms were securely placed under my armpits.
“Thanks,” I replied, “I’m sorry.” 
“Don’t worry,” he said as his breathing increased, “Let’s get you in your wheelchair and checked out.”
The people at the bottom of the stairs had their hands on my wheelchair, inspecting it to make sure it was working. One was a man with a Hawaiian t-shirt and another was a woman, much older. “Are you hurt?” asked the man.
“From what I can and cannot feel, I’m sure I’m fine,” I replied, “maybe just a burn on my hands from catching the rail.”
“That rail saved your butt,” Chris said.
As we reached the bottom, more people had stopped to see what had happened. I didn’t feel as embarrassed for some reason since my life was in danger. Chris lifted me higher and set me in the wheel chair. He checked my arms and then neck, “Any of that hurt?” he asked.
“No,” I replied and looked at all the people around me concerned. The man in the Hawaiian T-shirt patted me on the back and then headed up the stairs with the elderly woman. 
Chris examined the wheelchair for anything broken. “I know you may disagree, but I will be pushing you for the rest of the night.”
“I know,” I replied, feeling my heart calm down. I tried moving the wheelchair—everything seemed in place—though a slight creak in the wheels told me otherwise. My phone had been ringing the entire time I was falling and being helped up.
“Why do they have stairs that go down right around the corner?” I said frustrated, “There was no time to stop.”
“You were going fairly fast Peggy,” Chris replied, “And I don’t think this part was meant for disabled people. It’s something that you need to get used to.”
“I suppose…” I trailed off. People from the lobby began passing me by, unaware of what just happened. Chris picked up a few of my belongings and handed me my phone that was ringing again.
“You good?”
“Yes, thank you,” I said and then answered Kate who was calling me.
Chris pushed me out into the lobby where Kate was. She had been stopped by the guards because she didn’t have a pass, and she looked drunk. Her purple dress was short for her beefy legs and her matching necklace shined in the lobby. She held her phone to her face and uncontrollably swayed her body as she talked with me. 
Finally, I waved her down so she would see me. I wanted Chris to push me faster but I didn’t want to test him after I had ignored him and crashed down the stairs.
As Kate approached, I apologized for not answering her phone and leaving her in the lobby. I knew Chris was judging Kate and that he knew she was drunk.
“If only you knew what happened backstage,” I said with conviction.
Chapter 38
“Let’s go drink,” Kate suggested.
Waiting in the lobby, I was torn between sitting down in the auditorium and leaving from disappointment. It was important to show support to Alexis, but I also didn’t want to appear supportive of the behavior. It felt odd talking with Kate while Chris stood behind me. He wanted to go sit down and enjoy the show so he didn’t have to baby-sit me. 
“You’re already drunk Kate,” I replied, and was still frustrated from everything today. Thinking about what Kate said and watching the dressed up girls on the TVs, I decided that I didn’t want to watch the pageant. “I’d rather stay out here than watch what’s going on in there.”
“What about your daughter?” Chris asked.
“I can see her after, and I’m sure my mom won’t be as crazy. I will have more control over her once this stupid pageant is over. I’m not in the mood to see all of this, especially after seeing how my mom dressed up Alexis.”
Kate interrupted. “How old are you?” she asked Chris. Her voice sounded flirty.
“I don’t feel comfortable answering that,” Chris replied defensively.
“Ah, c’mon,” pried Kate.
Chris ignored her and directed his question to me, “So what do you want to do? We just can’t stand around outside.”
“Well you can stand.”
Kate chuckled and continued to stare at Chris. I could tell her slutty behavior was still the same, yet possibly fiercer than ever. “All I know is this place is a total buzz-kill.”
The lobby wasn’t as crowded as before, but there were still some people walking to their seats. The more I stayed at this event, the more unworthy I felt.
“Excuse me,” a man with a slight Spanish accent said behind me. It caught Chris off guard as he stepped to the side of me. I glanced at Kate first and her disgusted face told me the man behind me wasn’t someone who I wanted to meet.
The Hispanic man finally moved around to where I could see him and the mole on the side of his check brought back memories. His belly expanded over his waist and he wore old jeans with a round belt buckle. His cheeks swelled out around his face and hair was short but still combed.
I wanted to tell him that he got ugly since I last saw him. I remained quiet, knowing that he was going to ask me about Alexis.
Kate spoke up, “Who are you? Say something at least if you’re going to stare at us.”
“Hi Peggy,” he said and stepped closer to me, “It’s me, Miguel. I heard about you having our daughter. It’s a miracle from what I was told.”
I rolled my eyes. “Who told you?
“Ted and Elisa,” he replied, “I still see them at the beach.”
Kate interrupted, “Peggy, please don’t tell me—“
“Not now Kate.” I directed my question towards Miguel. “Why are you here?”
“I wanted to see my daughter in the play,” he said.
“It’s not a play. It’s a stupid beauty pageant. And what makes you think you can all of a sudden show up in her life?”
“Because I’m the dad,” he replied.
“There are a lot of dad’s out there that never see their daughter. I suggest that we keep it that way. Plus you don’t even know if you’re the actual father. I could have fucked another Hispanic guy the previous and next nights.”
Miguel looked at the ground, and then back up to me to say something, but he stopped. I was angry with Ted and Elisa for talking with Miguel. Now I knew why Ted had brought it up before leaving to the airport. He and Elisa couldn’t keep their mouth shut.
“I’d still like to see her to make sure,” Miguel said.
“Why?” I asked, “I told you. She’s probably not yours.”
“Then I need some of her blood.
“What?” I screamed out.
“To see if she is my daughter,” Miguel explained, “I want to confirm if she’s mine.”
“It doesn’t matter,” I said and looked to Kate for help, “Say something to make him go away.”
Miguel began talking before Kate could think, “And I heard about your accident. I’m sorry to hear about that.”
“I already got flowers and condolences from everyone already,” I replied, “You’re too late.”
Kate spoke up, “If you want her, go get her.”
“God dammit Kate,” I replied angrily, “How does that help anything?”
“It doesn’t,” she said catching her balance, “But then we can get the fuck out of here and go drink.”
“I don’t think that’s going to happen at this point,” I replied, “Let’s just go wait outside. Without Miguel. It was nice seeing you, but please don’t make this complicated.”
“Why are you going outside? Doesn’t your daughter perform?” he asked.
“Yes, but…” I stopped, “It doesn’t matter.”
“I can help,” he said out of desperation, “What do you need.” The mole on the side of his face was beginning to bother me again.
“The only thing I need is to leave here with my daughter and you to be gone,” I replied.
“Why don’t you go get her then? Or not have her do this?”
“It’s complicated.”
Kate interrupted, “Just have him go get Alexis and bring her back out here. Then we can leave and go drink. It’s that simple.”
“Why don’t you just do that?” I asked Kate, but then realized that would be a bad idea since she was drunk. “Nevermind.”
“I can do that,” Miguel said, “It’s the least I could do as a father.”
“I told you,” I said, “You might not be the dad.” I knew he was. Regrettably, he was the only one that came inside of me.
“Just have him do it so we can leave,” Kate insisted.
I thought about it for a moment. What was more important; saving Alexis from this pageant, or giving Miguel admission to see my daughter? I knew he was a bothersome stalker who would never leave me alone, though once I had Alexis away from the pageant, the better I would feel. While thinking, I watched a skinny couple hurrying their daughter to the backstage entrance. 
“Ok, we’ll do it,” I looked at Miguel, “This isn’t an invitation to spend time with me and Alexis. In fact, I expect you to be fine with us leaving you once we are finished. Deal?”
Miguel seemed reluctant, but then forced something out, “Sure.”
“We are going through the same backstage entrance as last time,” I instructed, “Kate, you wait in the lobby. Miguel and Chris are going to come with me—“
“Hold on,” interrupted Chris, “I’m not doing anything. I can’t allow you to do any of this.”
“How old do you think I am, twelve?”
The show had already begun as the crowd began cheering and the lights flickered from the auditorium and into the lobby. Our voices were getting louder as the pageant progressed.
Chris started to push me, “Let’s go sit down.”
“I don’t want to watch this,” I said and applied the wheelchair brakes, “I’m not going anywhere and you can’t make me.”
I felt Chris breath heavily from behind me, likely out of frustration. “Peggy.” His voice was stern. “You need to follow my instructions.”
“Chris,” I copied his tone of voice, “No.”
“This is absurd!” he shouted, “I am no longer working for you! Good luck with trying to go backstage again!” he took out his phone and looked back. “You never even thanked me for pulling you off the stairs!”
We watched him leave with his phone to his ear. He was going to call my mom, but I knew she wouldn’t answer since she was behind stage with Alexis.
“We don’t have much time,” I said.
“I miss Chris now,” Kate whined.
“You two are coming with me. We need to go backstage and once we see Alexis, we take her and leave.” I was mainly looking at Miguel because Kate seemed distracted. “If my mom gets involved, don’t let her get the upper hand. She thinks she has the control but she really doesn’t. If I wasn’t in this wheelchair I know it wouldn’t have come to this.”
“So your mom—“
“It doesn’t matter Miguel. No more asking about my personal life. Either do this or go away.”
Miguel nodded his head.
I looked around for Chris but he had disappeared.
“Where do we go after?” asked Miguel.
“Alexis and I are leaving, and Kate, well… I’m guessing to the bars.”
Kate tried to wink and seemed invested in the plan even though she didn’t know much of what was going on. “Don’t worry; I’ll help to the end.”
“And who will help you after?” asked Miguel.
“I’ll be fine,” I replied, “I’ll have Alexis.”
“So what do we do now?” asked Miguel.
“We go backstage. We keep my mom away from Alexis and then take her away. The hardest will be getting my mom away from her; so either you will have to distract her or take Alexis to me. I can only go so far, but if you can have her meet me somewhere, that would be best.” I didn’t like that Miguel was helping me, but he was all I had, besides Kate who was drunkenly walking around. “Kate. Pay attention. Now that Chris is gone, you are going to stay with me in case if anything happens. No making a scene.”
Kate gave me a salute, though it didn’t persuade me of her dedication. 
“Do you need some coffee or something to sober up? At least try to act like a normal person.”
“Do you mean a normal person outside of this pageant or inside this auditorium?”
“Whatever you want it to be.”
“I know what to do,” she said, “Seems like a lot of work just to leave the pageant.”
“This is my daughter you are talking about Kate,” I said, “It will be over soon. Just do as I say”
As we made our way over to the backstage entrance, Miguel tried to push me, but I yelled at him, “I can do it on my own.” From what I remembered of him, he was relentless but idiotic at the same time. I hadn’t really explained much to Miguel and Kate. There was never a plan to begin with, but it seemed like a last attempt to get Alexis and push my mom’s influences away from her.
We tried to walk past the two men standing in front of us. “Passes please.”
“What? You don’t remember me? The only woman in a wheelchair?” I took out Ricardo’s pass and slammed it against Miguel’s chest. “Here is your pass Ricardo.”
One of the guards inspected it and then let Miguel through. The other guard spoke up, “And yours? We remember you but you need to be carrying your pass with you at all times.”
“I left it in there. If you’ll excuse me, I need to go get it.” I started cycling pass them, “And she needs to come back too.” I said trying to pull Kate in with me, but she was out of reach.
“She’s intoxicated,” said one of the guards, “We already told her that she needs to leave the premises.”
Miguel was already walking ahead. “We’ll be right back Kate.”
“Bring your pass next time,” ordered one of the guards.
“I will,” I said but knew I wasn’t going to ever deal with them again.
It was now Miguel and I walking through the crowd of backstage girl performers and proud parents grooming them. We passed girls talking, crying, yelling, and arguing with their parents. I ran over some toes of people passing me by as they quickly jumped back to avoid further collision. Most of them didn’t pay attention to me.
We reached the stairs where I couldn’t go further. “She’s up there,” I pointed, “You need to tell her to come to the stairs where I am so we can leave.”
“How do I know what my daughter looks like,” he asked.
I cringed my face when he said ‘his daughter’ and took out a photo of her from behind my wheelchair pocket. “Get her and bring her back to me.”
Miguel took the photo from me and studied it. He then looked back to me with a smile. “I will bring her back.”
I watched him walk up the stairs as he pulled up his pants. He struggled to make it to the top and then turned out of sight. I sighed, thinking that I had just sent Miguel to go fetch my daughter. 
As I waited, I wanted to go check on Kate to make sure she was behaving herself. She was useless at this point, however, part of me felt good when she was around. I checked my phone. Nobody had called, which meant that Chris couldn’t reach my mom. 
I quickly realized I was in everybody’s path as they walked up and down the stairs. I moved myself to the side of the stairs and continued to look up, hoping everything was going to work out fine. Pageant girls would quickly move back from wardrobe and then to the stage, sometimes holding the hand of their mom. The announcer’s voice echoed through the hallways and down the stairs. 
As I waited, I was becoming concerned that Miguel couldn’t find her or that he had taken her somewhere else, which I didn’t want to conclude. Ted knew Miguel and wouldn’t have told him if he was the creepo I depicted him as, although he was weird. An assembly of girls was walking down the stairs, some discussing the pageant and others complaining.
Suddenly, Miguel appeared at the top of the stairs holding Alexis under his arms. Alexis’s legs were pointing out as she was horizontal, and her head was moving around fearfully. Miguel rapidly moved his feet down to the stairs. Everyone had their eyes on Miguel cautiously as he continued down to the bottom to where I waited.
“Mommy!” Alexis shouted. Tears were smearing her makeup and her hair had been ruffled to the side.
Miguel dropped her to her feet, “We need to go! Right now!”
Alexis gave me a hug as I put her in my lap.
“C’mon. Let’s get outta here.”
Alexis didn’t say anything and looked more relieved to be away from Miguel. She didn’t resist as I turned and headed towards the lobby. Miguel began to push me faster and around the corners that led to where we came from.
“What’s happening?” Alexis asked concerned.
“We are leaving this pageant for good. You shouldn’t be doing this.”
Alexis stayed quiet and exhaled from a deep breath, “Who’s he?”
I hesitated, “He’s helping us. Don’t worry about him.”
We made it to the lobby where Kate was still talking with the guards. They no longer were concerned about her leaving the premises and were laughing as Kate was telling a story. She seemed to be better off than before and wasn’t slurring her words as much.
“Pass them slow,” I told Miguel, “We don’t want them to give them any ideas.”
“I’ll try,” Miguel replied, “But your mom is going to be behind us soon.”
I held onto Alexis tight but immediately loosened my grip from her, thinking I was hurting her. I then put my arm around her shoulder.
“Is that your daughter?” Kate said smirking, “And he’s is the father.”
“Not now Kate,” I said and put my hands around Alexis’s ears, “No talking about these things in front of her. We need to leave.”
We passed through the guards as they said goodbye to Kate. I knew she had been flirting with them, but I didn’t know if the guards were laughing at her or with her. They were older than Kate, and it was possible she had helped decrease suspicion among them. 
I decided to congratulate her, “good job Kate.”
“Anything for my best friend.”
Miguel began to fast walk as Kate lagged behind. She readjusted her purse and skipped to catch up with us. I began laughing, feeling alleviated that Alexis wasn’t going to be tortured by my mom.
“You don’t like this, do you?” I asked.
Alexis shook her head no. This was her biggest show yet, and her frightened look agreed with her answer despite what my mom had said when she was with her.
“We will get you back to school and home for good. How does that sound?” 
Alexis shook her head yes, though still undecided.
“Take us outside,” I said to Miguel who was still pushing me. I then looked to Kate. “Follow us. You are going to get what you want very soon.”
I heard my mom scream as we exited the lobby and made it to the front patio of the coliseum. A giant billboard advertising tonight’s event illuminated everything around it and revealed the rain that was pouring down. Streetlights surrounded the large patio and extended into the streets where the water was flowing in the gutters. Miguel blocked most of the rain, but I could still feel some of it hitting the top of my head. Alexis put her head under my head to shield herself from getting wet.
“Call for a taxi!” I shouted to Miguel. He heard me and continued to push me to the sidewalk near the street.
“We are leaving for good?” Alexis asked.
“Yes we are. It’ll be better,” I said with reassurance. I knew my mom had seen me in my wheelchair with Alexis in the lobby, and she was going to be right behind us. I didn’t want to look towards the entrance of the coliseum in fear that we’d be caught.
Kate looked into the sky, and when she lost her balance, she took two steps forward. She chuckled and then quickly jolted her head around to look behind us. “Here comes your mom Peggy.”
A chill went down my back as I awaited her furious arrival. Miguel was having no luck in finding us a cab and was holding his arm straight up to the cars that drove by. A few cabs had driven by but they didn’t stop.
“Stop them!” I heard my mom yell behind us. The rain droned out some of her voice as it pattered against the concrete and swayed with the cool breeze. I began to feel concerned that Alexis was going to get cold soon. 
I turned around with Alexis in my lap to see my mom walking behind two guards. They stopped in front of me and instructed Miguel to step away. “Give the girl back to her mother.”
“I am the mother!” I screamed back, “That lady behind you is the crazy grandmother!”
The guards looked confused as I backed up to separate myself from them to show that I wasn’t going to give up. I could feel Alexis grasp onto my forearm; she seemed frightened enough to be kidnapped by Miguel. I wondered how much trauma I was causing her at the moment.
“Is that true?” one of the guards asked my mom. They both waited for an answer as my mom stood soaked in the rain. Her sprayed hair had dampened and pressed down over her face and her makeup was dripping from under her eyes.
She combed her hair with her hand and stepped between the guards. “She is mine though.” She stared at Miguel with hatred. “And this man kidnapped my daughter.”
“Don’t call her your daughter,” I replied before anybody else said anything.
My mom stopped me and continued, “He needs to be arrested. He has caused harm to my… to Alexis.”
“That man,” I said, “Believe it or not is the father. Yeah, that’s right. Now it’s two against one and he’ll do whatever I say.” I looked to Miguel to make sure what I said was alright. “You can no longer take advantage of me just because I’m in a wheelchair. And I have Kate to help me out too.” I looked for Kate who was still looking for a cab. I could tell she wanted out of the argument. 
My mom was bewildered, yet infuriated. “Get her out of the rain. You are ruining her big moment. Her dress, her hair, and makeup. All ruined because of you. All this work for nothing.”
The guards didn’t say anything since they didn’t know what to do. I looked at them both. “You are not taking away my daughter from me. If you do, I’m gonna sue you for assault of a woman in a wheelchair and make sure that you’ll never have a job again. And no matter what this lunatic next to you says; I am the rightful guardian.”
“So I’m a lunatic?” my mom replied. Her hair was now wet and makeup rolled down her cheeks from under her eyes. She was beginning to look older as the rain washed everything away.
I grinned at her face. “At the moment, yes. Look at you. Look at what you’re doing to my daughter. She should be out in the rain enjoying everything, but instead you have her dressed up as a doll cooped up inside.”
“You don’t know what you’re talking about,” she replied and looked at Miguel, “So, you are the father? I can’t see any resemblance other than your skin. This is an imposter. Some bum that you hired to steal Alexis away.”
I spoke up before Miguel. “No, he is the real father. Not some stupid decoy daddy. And shame on you for all of this. It’s ridiculous.” I could feel more power being brought to my side for once. She was outnumbered and the guards were stunned. They only called in to their radio and stood perplexed with the situation my mom had created out in the rain.
I looked down to Alexis and cleaned her face with my shirt. Her makeup was smeared and hair was beginning to soak in the rain. I could smell the hair product expelling out from her scalp.
“You have ruined tonight,” my mom said, “There is no way we can fix her dress and hair in a short amount of time.”
“She’s not going into a pageant again. This hasn’t registered in your head, but it’s not happening. Never again!” My shout caused Alexis to jolt her body. She started shivering. I apologized and then looked to Kate who was still holding her hand up for a cab.
“So you want to teach Alexis about life? Be her mother? Show her that this is wrong and you are right?” my mom asked with attitude.
“I thought I was the mother because she came out of me. I already thanked you for taking care of Alexis while I was in a coma, but you have to let go of this. Don’t let go of being her grandma, but let go of this control you are trying to put on her.”
Miguel spoke up, “Peggy is—“
“Shut up Miguel,” I interrupted.
“Is that how you treat the father? Seems unhealthy to me,” my mom commented.
“You don’t know anything about this so you shut up too,” I replied.
She looked insulted and then put her hands on her hips. The water had uncovered her elderly look. She was withering away by herself. In a way, I felt compassion for her but remembered what she was doing to my daughter. She opened her mouth to say something.
“I’m sorry I told you to shut up,” I interrupted her, “Let’s not make this worse than it is. We need to get out of the rain but we are not going back to the pageant.”
“Well, Alexis can’t go in front of the crowd like that. The rain has ruined her.”
“The rain hasn’t ruined her, or you, or any of us.”
Miguel’s pot belly was hanging out to the side of me. I was able to see it through his wet shirt and his belly button. Disgusted, I looked away and over at Kate who had found a cab. The guards were waiting to the side, unwilling to intervene, but still surveying us to make sure everything was being handled without violence. They looked like they had called the police, which made me cycle over to Kate who was talking with the cab driver.
“Where are you going?” my mom asked as she followed me over. The guards followed behind her.
“Leaving,” I replied
“You can’t do that,” She looked to the guards. “Stop them!”
One of the guards spoke up. “Can you wait for the police to show? They are on their way.”
“Umm… No. I shouldn’t have to,” I replied, hoping they were joking.
“This is unjust!” yelled my mom, searching for any policemen around.
I could tell the guards were puzzled as to which side to choose. I needed to leave before they changed their mind. “You can come with us mom,” I suggested and made sure the guards heard me. “We can also get you cleaned up and maybe some help.”
She gave me a dirty look and stepped forward to stop me. Her wet shoes stepped through the puddles that were accumulating.
“Don’t even think about trying to stop me,” I firmly warned her.
Knowing she wasn’t going to stop me, I instructed Alexis to enter the cab. Kate was already in the front seat waiting for us to take a seat. Alexis was drenched from the rain and looked like a little girl for once sitting in the backseat and under the lights. I smiled at her and cycled forward with my hand on the door.
“Help me get in Miguel,” I ordered, “And put the wheelchair in the trunk please.”
Miguel assisted me as I did most of the work. I wanted him for support more than anything. A fall would not be prudent and would only make me look weak to my mom. As I set myself in, I gave Alexis a smile and then looked out to my mom in the rain. Her exhausted face mixed with her wet attire. She was demonstrating to me that there was never a way to look like someone else, or for that matter fight against aging because it will always come back to haunt you.
I heard the trunk close as I closed the door. Rain drops hitting the top of the cab was the only sound that I heard until Miguel tapped my window. I knew that he wanted to go with us. I rolled down the window. “What?”
“Can I see you again?” he asked.
I fumbled my words, “I appreciate everything you’ve done, with such short notice but…” I thought about what I was doing to him and compared it to what my mom was doing to me. He was annoying but I couldn’t say no. “Yes, that’s fine. You can call me whenever. Not every hour like you did in the past though.”
“Can I get a ride to the airport?” he asked, “I’m staying at the hotel in it.”
I grumbled to myself, thinking that I was going to need help getting out of the cab once we got to my hotel. Kate was drunk and I never wanted Alexis to feel she had to help me, yet. “Get in. On the other side.” I moved Alexis over to my side and put my arm around her. 
Miguel finally entered the car and slammed it closed. “Thanks,” he said and looked at Alexis and then to me.
“We’re just giving you a ride,” I assured him.
Kate looked behind us to make sure everyone was ready. The cab driver checked his trunk and asked us where we were going. As Miguel and Kate gave him directions, I looked at my mom standing in the rain. She looked defeated with her arms against her stomach and was shivering. I felt sorry for her. I didn’t know if she was crying or not but she looked miserable, like she had lost her own child.
The cab driver was looking behind him to swerve into the streets once he got an open space.
“Wait!” I yelled behind him. Alexis jerked up again from my impulsive yell. I rubbed the side of her shoulder to affirm that she was ok. “Hold on just a sec.”
I rolled down my window and waved my mom over, “Come over here!”
She looked to the guards and then reluctantly made her way to the side of the cab. “What do you want Peggy?” Her voice was mad but ached in the cold rain.
“Get in mom,” I said.
She blinked her eyes to see if I was serious. “Why?”
“Because you’re cold and need to get into something warm and dry. Just get in.” I opened the door and put Alexis on my lap to give her some room.
My mom looked behind her at the coliseum and then to the guards who were copying down the license plate. She took out a handkerchief and wiped her face, dabbing it around her eyes. She took a deep breath and entered the car, sitting next to me.
“Why are you doing this?” she asked.
“Because a daughter is suppose to take care of her mother.” 
“Are we ready now?” asked the cab driver, “Nobody else?”
“That’s it,” I replied.
My mom studied me for a moment and then looked back at the coliseum as we drove away. 
“Why were you two fighting?” asked Alexis. 
I spoke up, wanting my mom to hear. “We had a disagreement, but it is resolved. Sometimes people get upset at one another because they don’t think the same. We will talk about it more later.”
Kate looked back, “What bar do you want to go to after we drop off Miguel?”
“We are not going to the bar. We are going back to our hotel,” I replied, “but you can go to the bar.”
Kate turned around quickly. I couldn’t see what her reaction was like.
Soon enough, a police car shined its lights from behind us. The cab driver unexpectedly looked in his mirrors and then cursed under his breath as he pulled over to the side.
“Such bad luck this week,” he complained, “This is the second time I’ve been pulled over today, and for no reason.”
I glanced at my mom and clutched Alexis in my arms. She didn’t say anything nor did I. Kate was talking with the cab driver in front which helped get rid of the awkward silence. Miguel was uncontrollably shaking his foot and looking ahead but his eyes turned to the side window.
The cab driver took out his license and shook his head as he grabbed his information for the cab in the glove compartment. “I’d like to hear their excuse to pull me over. Nothing I did was wrong.”
The officer tapped the window for Miguel to roll it down. The other officer was on the other side of us, instructing Kate to do the same. Both officers seemed unhappy to be out in the rain as their foreheads folded and anticipated the rain that was hitting their heads.
“We got a report of a dispute between mother and grandmother; possible kidnapping maybe.” The officer looked at Miguel and then to my mom. “You’re the grandma. Why did you call this in if you’re with everyone?”
“Well…” she started, “It was something small. Just a misunderstanding. Everything’s better and resolved.” She looked in my direction but with an unresolved tone.
The officer focused his attention on Miguel, “And you were running out with the girl. Who are you?”
“He’s the father,” I said, “I’m the mother and she’s the grandma. One big happy family.”
“Why did everyone leave so quickly?” pried the officer.
“We decided we didn’t want our daughter participating in a beauty pageant,” I replied, “Had some disagreements but now we are fine. Right mom?”
The officers looked to my mom. “Yes,” she said aloud.
The cab driver spoke up, “What’s going on officers? Shouldn’t you be asking me for identification and stuff?”
The officer checked his information to satisfy the cab driver. After more questioning, they finally allowed us to leave, which caused an outstanding cab fee that had been accruing the entire time. For the rest of the ride, the cab driver didn’t say anything to us. Kate tried to create attention for herself, worried that nobody would go to the bars with her. I was in no mood to join her while Alexis was by my side.
Although Miguel was ugly and pitiful, he had helped me out, and I admired that he had rescued Alexis. I gave him a hug and told him to call me when we got back so he could see Alexis. All in all, he had earned the right to see her, and from what I learned from my mom, I didn’t want to restrict him access. We watched him run from the rain and into the airport hotel. 
Once we reached our destination, my mom helped me get my wheelchair as we exited the cab. Alexis was waiting near the door with my mom as Kate instructed the cab driver to stick around while she said her goodbyes. She was going to go to the bars no matter what. 
“Thanks for all the help today,” I told Kate, “Even though you are probably sobering up right now.”
“I’m glad everything worked out, but I need to get what I want now, and that’s a studly guy.”
“I’m sure he will be studly,” I said sarcastically, “From what I remember, they usually are not.”
“Whatever Peggy.” Kate never said anything to my mom but gave Alexis a goodbye hug. She said she would call me later and then got into the cab to head to the bars.
I watched the cab speed away, thinking of all the fun she was going to have. Part of me wished I was in the cab with her. “We are all so irresponsible. Doesn’t matter what it is.”
My mom was holding the hand of Alexis, but made sure she waited for me. “What did you say?”
“Nothing,” I said, “Let’s go dry off.”
Chapter 39
After everything settled down, we took a plane flight home and tried to work everything out, though my mom continued to make beauty pageant references. My dad was miserable, knowing he was going to hear all the complaints from my mom for the months to come. I felt like I had gained more respect from my family after I had fought for what I believed in. My parents asked about how Miguel had kidnapped Alexis and delivered her to me. I played it off as if I knew what we were doing and told them that he was going to make sure that I stayed in control of Alexis. If it wasn’t for Miguel and some of Kate, I would have been a gutless mother who had woken out of a coma and found her daughter at a beauty pageant contest.
I was going to allow Miguel to see Alexis every once in awhile since he had helped me out, and I didn’t see the harm as long as he wasn’t weird about it. I was happy as long as Alexis wasn’t under the spell of my mom. Seeing her dressed in regular girls clothing with a backpack around her shoulders eased my memory of her costumed in a twelve thousand dollar dress. My mom relinquished many of her responsibilities for Alexis, which made me understand how laborious mothering was. Accompanying her to the bus stop, I tried my best to explain the arguments I had with my mother, but telling a kid that you fucked up as an adult was challenging. She held onto the straps of her backpack with her head tilted to the side. I didn’t know if she understood what I was saying but she tried to stay focused.
I gave her a kiss and watched her walk up the school bus stairs. Her head was visible through the windows as she finally found a seat. The bus drove off leaving me by myself to cycle back home on the sidewalk. Going back to the home was more uphill but I didn’t mind; it reminded me that I needed to exercise every day. The birds were chirping and flying across the streets as I made my way up the driveway and around the house to where the guesthouse was. The guesthouse had been remodeled so I never needed any assistance. Everything in the kitchen was reachable, the sink was sitting height, and the appliances were resting on the low countertops. 
I moved into the living room where I could maneuver around and have access to anything I wanted. My bathroom was all handicapped accessible and it left me to be independent. Alexis sometimes stayed in the guesthouse with me but also had a room where my parents lived. Pathways were made to the house and the pool so I could go anywhere I wanted. My parents had spent a lot of money on my behalf, which made me thankful. My life would be different if I didn’t have a place to stay with so many amenities. Everyone knew how I valued my alone time and that I didn’t like sharing things with others. Reliability required inconveniences and dependence, which was something I tried to stay away from.
My mom was walking from the pool back into the house. I quickly cycled over to her to catch up with her. “Are you dropping me off near the boardwalk today like you promised?”
“Yes Peggy,” she replied with a towel in her hair. She had just finished swimming, most likely tanning from what I saw. “We can leave once I clean up.”
“Thanks,” I replied, “I’ll wait in the living room.” I followed her inside and up the ramp that had been constructed through the back door so I could visit them whenever.
“How’s Alexis doing? She has spent almost the entire week with you in the guesthouse,” my mom commented, “She seems to be interested in her classes.”
“She’s doing great. I’m gonna raise a smart girl. She will be able to do anything she wants to.”
“That’s nice to hear,” my mom said, “She thinks the world of you. Ever since the first day she met you. I was afraid you’d be more of a friend to her rather than a mom, but you have proved me wrong.”
“Just doing my best.” I found it wise not to make anymore comments about the past and it seemed to be more of a pleasant conversation with her.
“Mm hmm. When I had you, I thought I wasn’t going to be ready, but through all the chaos, everything falls into place whether you want it to or not. Just imagine if you never had Alexis…”
“She is a charm to have around,” I admitted, “It feels like I’m going to live through her for the rest of my life. It’s kinda nice to know that.”
“You’ll get used to this mothering thing soon enough,” she said with poise.
“Thanks.”
I waited for her to get ready and watched TV with my dad. He started watching any kind of women’s sport. I didn’t know if it was because he liked to watch them play the sport or watch the women play with their bodies. Either way, he had become hypnotized by the female body ever since my mom started her body surgeries.
Once my mom was ready, we drove over to the beach. I knew I couldn’t do much around the beach, but I wanted to see it. It had been a long time since the day of my car crash that I had seen the ocean in front of me. The crashing waves, sparkling of the water, the shirtless men, and old memories of lifeguarding all gave me a smile. 
I transitioned from the car and onto my wheelchair in the parking lot. I was only able to stay on the cemented paths, but the view would suffice.
“Do you want me to come with you?” my mom asked.
“Nah,” I replied, “I’ll just be a little while.”
I moved down the sidewalk and found an area where I had a view of the ocean and the boardwalk to the side. I saw the lifeguard stations along the shore and the lifeguards watching over the public. I didn’t want to talk with anyone from work that would spoil my good memories. Plus, I assumed that most of them didn’t like me.
The crashing waves made me feel like I was watching over the water again, like I could run into the ocean and dive in, ready to save whoever needed it.  I moved to the end of the sidewalk and reached down to grab a handful of sand. The softness instantly connected to how the feeling was on my feet. 
I decided from here on out, I was going to practice swimming until I could swim in the ocean. I was doing well in the pool with my dolphin kick and arm strokes. I wanted to re-connect memories with the present, which was going to take a lot of work, but I was up for the challenge. Before I got in my car accident, I noticed I created a habit of watching life go by instead of including myself in it. I knew I was going to swim in the ocean again. Sitting in my wheelchair, I was becoming more inspired with my condition. Now I have to get involved.
Over the hill
I felt like a dolphin gliding over the top of the ocean. My goggles were strapped on tightly as I observed everything below me. I followed the coastline but stayed far out, enough to not be bothered. The warm breeze blew over the top of my body as I moved through the salty blue water. Years and years of training gave me the strength to swiftly move down the coastline. I was in great shape and had reduced my weight to what I had weighed in high school. My stamina was high and I was well trusted to swim in the ocean; I still had an emergency button I could push that would alert the lifeguarding staff, but I never needed them. When an Olympic sized pool was limiting for me, I had to switch to the ocean, which was my goal in the first place.
Since I knew I was never going to gain any function in my legs, I had them amputated so I could try prosthetic legs. I was mediocre with walking, but my real strength, like always, was in the water. Now, I had a prosthetic fin strapped from my waist down to where my legs should be, like a mermaid. My family called me a mermaid in the ocean, but I preferred swimmer. Word has spread along the coastline of people seeing a mermaid swimming in the ocean. I eventually had to speak up and debunk their myth. 
I chose my mermaid fin to be blue; it matched my swim cap, swim suit, and goggles. I tried to blend in with the ocean the best I could. Sometimes, I was able to dip down and then swim up to get a small jump out of the water. At first, the fin was uncomfortable, but after many revisions, it was comfortable enough to swim in. If I wanted, I could hold out my hands and just dolphin kick through the ocean. All this exercise with the fin shaped my stomach into solid rock. I felt like queen of the ocean, and no lifeguard had my capabilities of swimming. In fact, I was the fastest swimmer out there even though I had a giant fin strapped onto me, but I didn’t care. 
The main reason why I got recognition was because one day I saved someone while doing my routine exercise along the coastline. Normally, I stayed focused while swimming in the ocean, but the struggling splashes and bubbles uprising from the hands and feet from someone got my attention. I passed right by the drowning body, and at the moment, my head was turned in his direction. He was a younger man but had a beard that grew down his neck and his body hair was easily visible from my distance. 
I stopped my motion of swimming forward and lifted my head up from the water. As I treaded, my body swayed back and forth from my fin keeping me afloat. I never used it that way since it was tiring, but I wanted to make sure the hairy man didn’t need help. As I studied him flailing his arms, I instantly knew that he had swum out too far. The lifeguard on duty should have been out saving him, but he or she was nowhere to be seen. When it came to drowning, you never knew how long someone could last in the water, or what was happening.
I approached him from behind and grabbed his side with one arm and began pulling him back to shore. It seemed like I could have pulled him by his body hair alone. His eyes were wide as he continued to fight me. I easily pulled him through the waves, still cautious of him grabbing onto me. My fin kicked us past the crashing waves and onto shallow water. Once I knew he could stand, I threw him forward, but it also moved me with him. He was on all fours as I was on my stomach next to him. 
I needed to get back into the ocean.
Everyone around the shore ran towards us, amazed at what they had seen, especially a man being saved by a woman that looked like a mermaid.
“Be more careful next time,” I said to him and quickly moved myself back into the waves. I had to dig my hands into the dirt to pull myself back into the deeper water. The waves tried to push me back, but once my fin was fully submerged, I was able to quickly swim back into deeper water where I couldn’t be seen. I didn’t care about the recognition anymore. 
As I looked at the shoreline from behind the breaking waves, the crowd had their eyes on the horizon, looking for the mermaid that had just saved a man’s life. The hairy man was brushing the sand off his shorts as the lifeguards on duty surrounded him to make sure he was doing fine. Patrons on the beach were pointing in my direction and others had their hands on their foreheads, trying to block the sun. Little kids jumped up and down, excited to see what had just happened. I gave them one last glance, and with a smile, ducked my head in the water and began swimming again.
A story had been created for the man I had saved. This was something he would tell, and then others would tell the same story until it would get embellished every time it was told. It wasn’t the story that I expected or wanted, but it defined me for who I was. To the average person on land, I was a mother and a handicapped woman, but in the sea, I was creating a name for myself. But maybe, it was better to remain a mystery.
The ocean world had its advantages that the land didn’t have, and I was curious to explore the sea life that never knew what it was like to walk or feel their weight on the land. Changing my life and doing something different made me think of where humans were going next, and what was in store for us. Now-a-days, it seems we need to sometimes regress backwards to progress forward. We picture our future to be far grander than the present, and when our imagined future is not reached, we struggle to keep afloat. How we survive begins to define us.
But the truth is, things are never as they seem. 

