Poison & Bile
at
Christmas


LAURENCE WATTS
Copyright © 2021 Laurence Watts
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 1734460766
ISBN-13: 9781734460766
 

To Taylor Swift


“And you’ll save all your dirtiest jokes for me.” 


CONTENTS

1 O’ CHRISTMAS TREE	1
2 KIDDY-FIDDLING SANTA CLAUS 	9
3 LAST MINUTE GROCERIES	11
4 DEAR VIXEN – PART 1	21
5 I HATE YOU MUCH MORE AT CHRISTMAS	37
6 OFFICE CHRISTMAS PARTY PRENUP	39
7 O’ CHRISTMAS SHOPPERS EVERYWHERE	67
8 DEAR VIXEN – PART 2	69
9 THE FORMER MISS GRANGER	82
10 HAPPY HOLIDAYS FROM THE CEO	84
11 CHRISTMAS PRESENTS	93
12 THE TALK	98
13 DEAR VIXEN – PART 3	108
14 CAROL SINGERS COME IN THE NIGHT	121
15 WINTER PLAY	124
16 SANTA IN FLIGHT	131
17 DEAR VIXEN – PART 4	135
18 YOU CAN’T COOK	153
19 AMERICAN NATIVITY	155
20 GLORYHOLES	180
21 DEAR VIXEN – PART 5	182
22 CHRISTMAS EVE BREAKUP 	198
23 O’ COME YE UNGRATEFUL 	205
24 COMING OUT	207
25 DEAR VIXEN – PART 6	226
26 TWAS THE MORNING OF CHRISTMAS	237
ABOUT THE AUTHOR	241











1 O’ CHRISTMAS TREE


These days, Christmas is a byword for crowds, commercialization, cheesy music, flight delays, bad weather, maxed-out credit cards, and spending-time-with-people-you-spend-the-rest-of- the-year-trying-to-avoid. 
Given the above, it would be fair to ask the following question: if Christmas is truly so awful, why write an entire book on a subject in a similarly satirical style to the NPR-friendly tome that made David Sedaris an overnight New York Times-bestselling humorist, radio-, television- and literary-celebrity? 
I blush. 
Reader, the answer is this: for all its faults, I love Christmas with all my heart.
That and I would kill for Sedaris’ sales.
As an atheist, I indulge in all the joys of Christmas with none of the guilt that haunts those who see our generally accepted celebratory norms as sacrilegious. And for the sake of clarity, I define “all the joys” as being red velvet Bailey’s, “candy cane” Hershey’s Kisses, a day off of work, and garish Christmas decorations.
Chief among my favorite Christmas accoutrement is the Christmas tree, with its obligatory glitter, tinsel and sparking lights. 
Each festive tree is like having a mini-Las Vegas in your living room - minus the pimps, hookers and drunken bachelorette parties, of course. 
What’s not to love? 
Each year in the U.S., much fanfare is made about collecting a freshly felled, otherwise-evergreen tree from a local lot. 
In England however, where I spent the first twenty-eight years of my life, locals typically celebrate with plastic Christmas trees instead. Trees that spend the rest of the year boxed-up, lonely and unseen in attics. 
Then, at the beginning of Advent, they are precariously carried down shaky stepladders, assembled from their various stages and brackets, and decorated, to remain on display until Epiphany.
Then they are stripped of their glamor like a disqualified pageant winner, and locked away again for approximately the next eleven months.
Taking the tree down each year always made me sad. Why, I reasoned, restrict such sparkling finery to less than forty days of the calendar? Why couldn’t every day be like Christmas, just like the song by the glam-rock band Wizzard?
I decided every day could. 
Thus, when I moved into my first apartment - the first time I had truly lived on my own - I decided to put my tree up in October. That seemed about the right time to me. 
I finally took it down in March. 
Actually, that is a lie. I didn’t take it down. My mother and godmother took it down “for me” when they visited for my birthday, and were duly  horrified to see that my Christmas tree was still up. 
Mother’s argument was weak: “If you have it up all-year-long, it won’t be special anymore.”
I countered, “So, if I only see you and Dad once a year, say at Christmas, would I be more special to you?” 
She smiled as only mothers can, when they realize they went through all the pain and trauma of pregnancy and labor, only to have breast-fed and raised a smartass. 
Her true objection was not, in fact, me having the tree up for six months of the year and making the holiday season less of a treat. 
Not at all. 
What she really resented was the dust.
The filthy, disgusting, grey dust that slowly - and unnoticed by anyone else except my mother - accumulated on the plastic, imitation branches and baubles. 
She could sense the dust - she could probably hear it forming - and she loathed it with a passion more usually reserved for traitors, pedophiles, politicians, and the French.   
In truth, were there a practical way she could actually have dusted each fake leaf, twig and shiny ball, she might have conceivably let me keep my Christmas tree up forever.  
But there wasn’t. 
Even my mother – a woman who famously irons underwear, hand towels, and socks – is practical enough to realize that keeping a Christmas tree dust-free just isn’t worth her time. 
So, as the dust got thicker throughout January and February, she simply passed innocent comment on the tree, whenever she and my father came for dinner.
Through gritted teeth, her voice creaking, she would say things like, “You know, you really should think about taking that down.”
I would laugh it off, then watch the  perspiration forming on my mother’s brow as she stared at the increasingly drab and matt branches. 
Then in March, emboldened by the presence of my godmother, she finally cracked. 
She didn’t even ask for permission. 
She waited until I left to make a lastminute trip to the local supermarket - to buy fresh milk, tea bags and cookies for the “tea” I had stupidly offered to make - and she pounced on her prey like a salivating lioness with a sudden craving for baby gazelle.
The tree was decapitated, stripped, and back in its box in what must have been less than five minutes. 
Upon my return I cheerfully announced, “I’m back! I got some cherry cake for us to have with the…”
I froze upon seeing the enormous empty space, where the tree had been standing when I left. 
My heart sank. 
My mother sang at me, “Look, we took down your tree for you.” She made it sound like she had done me a favor. 
Her body language said otherwise. 
Her eyes were ablaze with a victorious rage and her bright-yellow rubber gloves were pridefully smeared in grime. 
What she wanted to say was, “You made me do this.”
Somehow, I managed a half-smile, “Thanks. I’ve been meaning to do that.” 
I hadn’t. 
I retreated to the kitchen and - fighting back my tears - prepared tea and cake for my father, mother, godmother and godfather. 
I spat in my mother’s cup. 
Then I drowned the spittle in hot steaming English Breakfast tea, topped it off with warm milk, and gave the contents of her cup a good stir with a teaspoon. 
I carried my offering through, on a tray, into the living room and distributed the refreshments.
I handed my mother hers, “I made yours extra milky. Just how you like it.”
She lowered her head in gratitude, took a big slurpy sip and smacked her lips, “Thanks.”
I returned her warmth, “You’re welcome.”
What I wanted to say was, “You made me do this.”
I should have put the tree up again immediately after my guests left, but, deflated as I was, it seemed like too much effort. 
I should have seen it coming. 
My parents once flew a third of the way around the world to stay with me in Singapore. One day during their visit, I came home from work to find my mother defrosting my freezer. 
She explained, “I just opened the door to take a look and the ice was just solid.”
I knew she meant well, but I couldn’t help myself, “What were you looking for in the freezer?”
She ignored me and beamed, “Look how lovely and clean it is now.”
I sighed, “You’re meant to be on vacation.”
She nodded, “Exactly, so don’t expect me to do anything else for you!”
I retreated to my bedroom to change out of my work clothes and found the contents of my chest-of-draws had been rearranged, the curtains had been washed, and my toilet had been bleached.
Over the years, I have spent Christmas in a variety of locations: with my family in England, with my extended family in California; in the tropical heat of Singapore; at Florida’s Disney World; and on the tiny Pacific-island nation of Palau. 
Which brings me to this fact: Christmas is a global phenomenon. 
Also, to another fact: Christmas is loved and hated in equal measure, with love only perhaps slightly edging-out hate in a photo-finish.
This makes it perfect for comedy.
The sketches, stories and songs included in this book are the result of my own festive observations. 
My satirical takes on traditional Christmas carols can be blamed on my love for the respective work of Flanders and Swann, Victoria Wood, Ivor Novello, Noel Coward, Tim Minchin and the great, great Tom Lehrer. 
For those of you not familiar with Lehrer’s work, I would point you to a New York Times review of his songs that noted: “Mr. Lehrer’s muse is not fettered by such inhibiting factors as taste.” 
I have tried to channel that muse when writing this book. 
Finally, if you are reading the free e-book edition of this manuscript, please consider buying a copy for someone you love (or hate) as a Christmas present.
Even if they don’t thank you for it, I will.  

Wishing you all a very, merry Christmas.

Laurence






2 KIDDY-FIDDLING SANTA CLAUS 


(to the tune of Good King Wenceslas, composed in 1853)

Kiddy-fiddling Santa Claus
Sits in Santa’s workshop
Elves about him dance around 
Bringing children, non-stop
Speakers in the store announce
Santa in his splendor
No one seems to realize
He’s a sex o-ffe-en-der

Kiddy-fiddling Santa Claus
Just served out his sentence
He did time for eighteen months
But he’s unrepentant
Chatting with the kids he meets:
“Would you like some can-dy?”
“Fuck off,” one smart boy replies
“Or I’ll call se-cur-i-ty”

Laughing at the whims of the
Children he’s indulging
Little girl upon his knee
Santa’s sack is bulging
Posing for a photograph
Santa’s face unflinching
If the parents knew the truth
There would be a ly-yn-ching

In comes Amy with her son
She works in the prison
Recognizes Santa and 
Acts on her suspicion
Breaks a vase upon his head
That she’ll pay for later
Then as Santa’s coming round
Stuns him with a Ta-a-ser

From her handbag out she whips
Scissors and a razor
With a swipe and snip she cuts
Off his genitalia
Puts them in her handbag mid
Merriment and laughter
And everyone but Santa lived
Happ’ly ever a-aft-ter.






3 LAST MINUTE GROCERIES


A red-faced Mandy pushed her shopping cart at breakneck speed to the nearest checkout. 
It was eleven forty p.m. on Christmas Eve. In twenty minutes, it would officially be Christmas and the grocery store she was in would close. 
Mandy was on a mad dash to pick up some last-minute Christmas goodies and she had made it by the skin of her teeth. 
She caught her breath and began to deposit the contents of her cart onto the conveyor belt. As she did, she noticed the teller, a young girl with pigtails and acne, pop a large wad of bubble gum. 
Mandy read the girl’s name badge – Stacey - and smiled.
Stacey did not smile back. Instead, she rolled her head and eyes and sighed. She put down her smartphone and began running Mandy’s shopping through the register as if it were a huge inconvenience, and most definitely not what she was paid to do. 
Stacey passed a carton of milk over the scanner. 
Beep. 
Next, the lettuce.  
Beep. 
Then she picked up the giant, family bag of white-chocolate drizzled, yoghurt-dipped pretzels. 
There was no beep. 
Mandy stopped unloading her cart and looked up, “Is there a problem?”
Stacey put the bag of pretzels down in front of her, “Don’t you think you have had enough?”
Mandy stood upright, confused, “I’m sorry?”
Stacey sized her up, “You’re what, 250lbs?”
Mandy raised her eyebrows, “235, and if you must know, I have thyroid issues.”
Stacey popped her gum again, “Do you? Or are you just fat because you eat like a pig?”
Mandy became angry, “I beg your pardon?”
Stacey held up a hand, “I apologize if you’re Muslim or whatever, and the pig analogy offended you, but by any reasonable assessment, ma’am, you are morbidly obese, and I can’t let you buy these.”
Mandy was incredulous, “I can buy whatever I goddamned want!”
Stacey whined, “Can you though? Think about it; if this were a bar and you were already drunk, I would be well within my rights to refuse to serve you. ‘Can I have a white wine spritzer, please?’ ‘No, ma’am, I think you’ve had enough?’ That’s how it would go down. So, I’ll  say it again,” Stacey held up and prodded the bag of pretzels, “don’t you think you’ve had enough?”
 Mandy was flustered, “This is not a bar, my dear, this is a supermarket, and there are no laws against buying snacks.”
Stacey held the bag of pretzels higher, “This is diabetes in a bag! What happens if I sell you these and you get behind the wheel of your car? On the way home, you get an attack of the munchies, break open the bag, and before you can say ‘diabetic coma’, you’ve mowed down two carol singers and a bellringer for the Salvation Army! I can’t have that on my conscience. So, if you really need to buy these, I’m going to have to ask you to pay for them at another checkout.”
Mandy looked around the store, “You are the last and only checkout that’s open.”
Stacey smiled triumphantly, “So. I. am.” She smacked her lips, “So, why don’t I just put these pretzels to one side, and you can come back for them in the New Year when you’ve lost maybe 80 or 90lbs?”
Mandy shook her head, “I don’t have time for this.”
Stacey popped her gum again and leaned back in her chair, “I do. And you now only have fifteen minutes before the store closes.”
Mandy glared at her, “Keep the fucking pretzels then, I don’t want them anymore!” Then she continued transferring the groceries out of her cart. 
Stacey passed a bunch of celery over the scanner. 
Beep. 
Next, she processed some yams.  
Beep.
Stacey picked up a bottle of Baileys, “Can I see some ID please?”
Mandy reached into her handbag, grabbed her purse, and handed over her driving license. 
Stacey shook her head, “I can’t accept this as valid ID, I’m afraid.”
Mandy became flustered again, “Why not? It’s a California driver’s license.”
Stacey pointed to the bottom of the plastic card, “It’s out of date. It says here you weigh 170 lbs. It also says you’re 5 feet 11 inches tall. Did your thyroid issues make you shrink as well as get fat?”
Mandy snatched back the driver’s license, “That license is over eight years’ old! I’ve given birth to two children in that time, and gone through a divorce!”
Stacey managed to sound sympathetic, “Did he cheat on you with someone thinner?”
Mandy flushed, “I put on weight after we separated, if you must know.”
Stacey nodded, “Did he leave you because you because you ate all of your children’s food?”
Mandy shut her eyes, “Have you quite finished insulting me?”
Stacey hadn’t, “Actually, have you seen your children recently? Because from the size of you, it’s possible you may have eaten one or more of them without realizing.”
Mandy reopened her eyes, “That’s it! I want to speak to you manager.”
Stacey cocked her head, “My manager?”
Mandy gritted her teeth, “Yes.”
Stacey looked confused, “You want to speak to my manager?”
Mandy leaned forward, “Yes. Right now!”
Stacey’s was monotone, “Are you going to eat him as well?”
Mandy shook her head, “I’m not going to eat anyone, you stupid child!”
Stacey clarified, “Because cannibalism’s illegal, although probably a healthier diet than what you’re currently eating.”
Mandy bellowed, “Will you call him, or should I go fetch him myself?”
Stacey asked matter-of-factly, “Who said my manager was a him?”
Mandy spat back, “What?”
Stacey shood her head, “That is so sexist.”
Mandy asked, “Is you manager a man?”
Stacy was calm, “Yes.”
Mandy raged, “Then stop being difficult and summon him!”
Stacey held up her hand again, “You don’t have to shout.”
Mandy was exasperated, “Well, it seems like I have to.”
Stacey tutted, “Rude.”
Mandy disagreed, “You’re the one being rude! You called me fat.”
Stacey nodded, “You are fat.”
Mandy was apoplectic “You can’t say that to people!”
Stacey asked, “Why?”
Mandy explained, “It’s not polite, nor is it good customer service.”
Stacey bit her lip, “Don’t you think you’re being overly sensitive?”
Mandy huffed, “No, I don’t think I’m being overly sensitive.”
Stacey tried to empathize, “Is it because you feel guilty you had a family-sized packet of Milk Duds last night?”
Mandy spluttered, “What? I don’t even like Milk Duds.”
Stacey made a second guess, “A giant Hershey bar, then?”
Mandy glared at her, “Will you call your manager?”
Stacey’s eyes widened, “Two giant Hershey bars?”
Mandy screamed, “Call him, NOW!”
Stacey shrugged, “Fine.” She swiveled in her chair and pressed a button on the intercom, “Mr. Wimbley, please come to checkout number six. Mr. Wimbley, checkout number six, please. Thank you.”
Mandy felt relieved, “Thank you.” 
Stacey picked up a bag of chips from the conveyor belt, “Would you like something to nibble on while we wait? He might be a minute.”
Mandy avoided looking at her. 
After a few moments, Mr. Wimbley, the store manager arrived at their checkout, “What is it Stacey, what seems to be the matter?”
Stacey motioned to Mandy, “The customer requested you, Mr. Wimbley. She seems to have some kind of complaint.”
Mr. Wimbley addressed Mandy directly, “Good evening, ma’am. I’m the store manager. In the spirit of political correctness, and without wanting to offend you, what gender pronouns would you prefer I use for you?”
Mandy smiled, remembering an article she had read the previous week in The Atlantic, “I’m a cisgender woman, so she/her/hers would be appropriate.”
“Thank you,” said Mr. Wimbley. He turned to Stacey, “It’s so hard to tell whether they’re male of female when they’re so fat. It distorts all the natural features.”
Stacey nodded, “She’s basically unhappy that I called her fat.”
Mr. Wimbley looked confused, “I see.” He looked back at Mandy, “My colleague tells me you were offended by her calling you fat. On behalf of the store, I would like to apologize.”
Mandy took a deep breath, “Thank you.”
Mr. Wimbley continued, “Would you prefer the term chunky, instead?”
Mandy was flabbergasted, “I can’t believe I’m hearing this.”
Mr. Wimbley backtracked, “Big-boned, then? Gravitationally challenged?”
Mandy complained, “I’m sorry, but I’m not used to being called names in public.”
Mr. Wimbley laughed, “Come on, this can’t have been the first time. You’re telling me you’ve never been called a lard ass? Fatty-fatty boom-boom? A heifer? A porker? A human mattress? A blob? Surely you’ve answered to one or more of those at some time?”
Mandy ignored him, “I came here tonight to spend money in this store.”
Mr. Wimbley quietened, “I see.”
Stacey pointed at the food piled high upon the conveyor belt, “And all I did, Mr. Wimbley, out of concern for the customer’s health and happiness, was suggest that maybe she’d already had enough to eat.”
Mr. Wimbley surveyed the candy, desserts, chips, nuts and ready-made meals in front of him and nodded. He addressed Mandy, “Have you ever considered eating a salad?”
Mandy was furious, “I don’t like salad.”
Mr. Wimbley had another idea, “What about air? That’s calorie free! You could have as much of that as you wanted and never get fat. Well, fatter than you already are.”
Mandy was exasperated, “What business is it of yours what I eat?”
Mr. Wimbley smiled warmly, “We take the welfare of our customers very seriously in this store, ma’am. So, on balance, I think you owe Stacey here an apology since she was only trying to save you from yourself.”
Mandy balked, “An apology?”
Mr. Wimbley nodded, but then stopped, “Unless….,” he smiled, realizing his and Stacey’s mistake, “Oh, my goodness. This isn’t all for you, is it? This is for your family. Or for a party? Or a coach of starving children you’re driving somewhere for the Christmas holiday? Perhaps some of these food items are gifts for other people? Is that it?”
Mandy looked at her watch. The store was about to close. She lied, “But, of course! They’re for my family. They’re all gifts.”
Mr. Wimbley laughed, “Well, then we can ring this up quickly and have you on your way…”
Mandy looked relieved. Christmas wasn’t ruined after all. 
Mr. Wimbley continued, “… just as soon as you provide us with the names, addresses and weights of all the intended recipients.”
Smugly, Stacey pulled out a clipboard from underneath her cash register and reached for pen, “First names are all we really need, plus the name of the family physician if any of them have diagnosed health conditions. Or if they’re just as fat as you.”






4 DEAR VIXEN – PART 1


Tough Love From The North Pole’s Sassiest Therapist

(The Advice Column of The North Pole Gazette)

Dear Vixen, 

Life as a snowman is a smorgasbord of emotions. 
On very special nights, my DNA slowly accumulates in crystalline form in billowy clouds high up in the sky. 
Then, I descend to earth flake by flake, to be deposited on a family’s lawn or in a public park, where I wait patiently for the loving hands that will give me form. 
Not long after, and usually to the merry tune of children’s laughter, little boys and girls, will scoop me up, handful by handful, and slowly bring me to life. 
First my body, round and stout. 
Then they will roll my head about the ground until it is big enough to be placed atop my torso. 
Then with such things as buttons or lumps of coal, they will give me eyes. 
Most will use a carrot for my nose. 
Some will give me a hat and a scarf. 
Others will give me twigs or branches for arms. 
Such has been my life for as long as I can remember. I am born in a flurry of snow, made from the toil and love of children, and then  retreat once again into the soil as the snow melts, to be born again another day. 
It is a magical and joyous life, and I did not think it could get any better. 
Until a couple of Christmases ago. 
My life that day started in the usual fashion. 
There was a bit storm and a lot of snow, which fell to the ground in large flurries.
Somewhat atypically, I was given shape by a slightly older crowd of children than normal, all girls. Their names were Becky, Gemma and Izzy.
Once they had made my body and head, the three of them searched around in vain for items with which to give me features. 
Normally families come prepared, but these girls had been a bit more spontaneous and thus were empty handed. 
So, Becky and Izzy removed wads of chewing gum from their mouths to make my eyes.
 It was kind of disgusting, but as I was able to see again for the first time in a year, so I was grateful nonetheless, not least for being able to see how pretty each of them was. 
Next, Gemma removed a vaping device from her pocket and carved a smile into my face. 
Then, Izzy took off her beanie and placed it on my head. 
Becky then removed her pink scarf and tied it around my neck. 
But they were stumped with why to do for my nose. 
So, while Gemma patted me down and smoothed out my surfaces, Izzy and Becky set off around the park looking for something suitable. 
Soon, they both came running back. 
Becky has found an icicle hanging from a tree branch in the park and she planted it in the middle of my face. For the first time I could smell her perfume. It was cheap and strong, but since I hadn’t smelled anything in months, it was intoxicating. 
Just then, Izzy arrived with a carrot that she had stolen from another snowman in the park, and asked, “What should I do with this, then?”
Gemma flashed a wicked smile and replied, “I know.” 
Then she plated the giant carrot in my crotch. 
This had never happened before. 
It felt… strange. 
The three girls took a step back to admire their creation. 
Izzy laughed, “That is one handsome snowman.”
Becky concurred, “Nice package, too.”
Gemma grinned, “Kinda makes you horny, don’t it?” Before adding, “Selfie time!”
Now, I could lie and say that what happened next was a blur, but the truth is I remember every detail. 
One by one, each of them put their arms around me and took a selfie. 
Izzy took one kissing my cheeks. 
Becky said, “He smells like strawberries.”
That was the chewing gum. 
Then, they repositioned my twig arms around my carrot phallus, and faked expressions of shock, while taking more photos of me with their phones. 
This was the first time I had ever felt my own penis.
The first time I had ever had a penis! 
It was glorious. 
Then Izzy held up her phone and aimed its camera at me, “Let’s take photos of us sucking his dick. It’ll go viral!”
And so, they did. 
Each of them got down on all fours and took selfies of them kissing, licking and sucking my carrot. 
Not to be outdone by Izzy and Becky, for her final shot, Gemma opened her mouth wide and with a giant crunch, bit off the end. 
Then, they took back their beanie and scarf, and left me alone in the park. 
However, the giant smile they had carved on my face remained, long after the drip, drip, drip of carrot juice had ceased.   
So, now I need your advice. 
I feel like I hit the sexual awakening jackpot that day. 
Now, I long for it again. 
Every Christmas since, my mind has been preoccupied with dirty thoughts. 
As soon as my body has been formed and I have been given eyes, I scan the park opportunity. 
Maybe the little blonde girl with the pigtails, will blow me? 
Her mother perhaps? 
Maybe her daddy is a swinger and will carve a hole where my buttocks should be and use me like the snowy sub I clearly am.
It is all I think about. 
When they furnish me with a nose, all I can smell are the pheromones under their winter jackets, and the scent of masturbatory adolescence. 
It drives me crazy. 
Perpetual reincarnation and the joys of continual rebirth and death are nothing next to the sheer snowy ecstasy that I shared with Becky, Izzy and Gemma that day. 
I fear my innocence has been lost.
I fear I am turning into a pervert! 
What do I do? 

Frosty.

Vixen responds:

So, last night, me and the other reindeer had a swingers’ party in the shed where we keep Santa’s sleigh. 
It was a riot. 
It was pitch black, so you didn’t know whose hooves were touching you at any given time. 
It’s great being one of Santa’s reindeer - one night of work a year and then non-stop reindeer orgies for the other 364 days. 
Oh, I’m sorry. 
That was insensitive of me, wasn’t it? 
There you were complaining about the lack of action in your life and here I am telling you about why my balls are perennially aching through overuse and occasionally over-excited biting. 
Do you know what irritates me most about my job? Having to listen to losers like you who think they are the first and only person in the world to have problems. 
Your problem - my little snow-manwhore - is simple: lack of communication. 
It’s that simple.
Why, why, why, do men and women - though it is principally women - complain about their lack of sexual fulfillment, but do jack-shit about it? 
“Oh, I wish he would play with my nipples more” 
“Gee, I wish he would choke me during sex” 
“Boohoo, I wish he’d pull my hair/not pull my hair”
“Aww, I wish he’d fuck me face-up/face-down/face-covered/fuck-my-face/fuck-me-on-FaceTime-with-my-parents-watching”.
Don’t. 
Expect. 
Your. 
Sexual. 
Partners. 
To. 
Be. 
Mind-readers! 
Tell them what you want! 
If they refuse to do it, or it doesn’t turn them on, then the two of you are sexually incompatible. 
Get used to the idea or, better yet, find someone who loves you and what you want in bed. 
Talk to them. 
Not necessarily when you are having sex, it is usually too late by then, and no one wants to be given notes or a scorecard during intercourse. 
I am talking about before or after. 
Talk about your fantasies, drop hints, order toys, so that the seeds are planted. 
If you like something that he or she did to/for you during sex, tell them immediately afterwards in as sexy and glowing a voice as you can. 
If you are shy, do it while spooning, so you don’t have to look them in the eyes. 
But do it.
Otherwise, you have no right to complain.
So, the next time you are standing in a snowy field - gagging for it - say something, or drop a hint. 
Use one of your twig arms to point at your bare crotch as if to say, “How about putting an eggplant here?” 
Leave messages in the snow like, “Lick my snow cone!” and have a big pointy arrow next to it. 
Alternatively, try and get it on with some of the other snow-people - when the humans aren’t looking. 
Or you could just wait another hundred years or so for three more drunk sorority girls to feel like making a snowman. 
The way social media is going, it is bound to be more of a regular occurrence in the future.
Nothing is sacred. 
Blowing snowmen is probably just the next evolution of getting one’s tongue stuck to an icicle when you try to lick it.
And that has been going on since the dawn of time.

###

Dear Vixen, 

My name is Anna. 
I am not a resident of the North Pole, I actually live in Anchorage, Alaska, but I am very familiar with the North Pole having flown there every winter since I was a little girl. 
You see, my father is a pilot for a charter airline that in the winter offers family trips to go see Santa. 
They sell packages to wealthy families so that they can deliver their Christmas lists to Santa in person. 
It sure beats lining up at the local mall! 
Anyway, my father has doted on me since I was a child and, if there was space, he would let me come along for the plane ride. 
Sometimes I would even fly in the cockpit’s jump seat, up with him and the co-pilot. 
When that happened, I would get the most amazing views as we came in to land: Santa’s house, grotto and toy factory, the reindeer stables, all illuminated by the Northern Lights in their full, shimmering glory. 
Each time we landed at the North Pole, it felt like being in a Disney film. 
There was music in the air, talking animals, singing reindeer, friendly polar bears and, oddly, birds tweeting, and flying here and there, despite there being no trees - or insects for them to eat - for miles in any direction. 
Anyway, one year, we had disembarked the plane and the rich families had gone off to see Santa. 
Usually at this point, I would help my father make cups of warm soup for our guests, for when they returned. 
This time, my father indicated he had things under control and waived me off to instead have fun and explore the local area. 
So, I did. 
I wandered around the toy factory, took in the reindeer stables and then, quite by chance, ended up in some kind of administrative office filled with piles of paper. 
The office was empty. 
From the size of the chairs and tables I imagined it would normally be staffed by Santa’s elves, but all of them had left to join the festivities outside. 
I don’t know why, curiosity I suppose, but I picked up one of the sheets of paper on the nearest desk. 
It was a list of names, boys’ and girls’ names in alphabetical order by last name. 
At the top of the sheet of paper was a title in bold font, underlined: The Naughty List. 
I dropped the piece of paper in shock.
 Santa really had a naughty list? 
More than that though, next to each naughty boy and girl’s name was a list of the mischief they had done. 
One boy had sworn at his mother and father. Another had painted the family cat with nail varnish. A girl had stolen money from her mother’s purse when she hadn’t been looking. Another boy had punched a second boy in the face with his fist. 
I froze for a second to process what I had discovered. 
Then, I did what any normal human being would do: I looked for my own name to make sure I wasn’t on Santa’s naughty list! 
It took a while for me to find the right page, but find it I did. 
There, near the bottom, on page 5,462 of Santa’s naughty list, was my name, Anna Vickers, and next to it was the “sin” I had committed that somehow Santa knew about: Anna kissed a boy called Tommy when she was officially Kent’s girlfriend. 
I was devastated. 
Yes, I had told Kent I would be his girlfriend when the two of us were skateboarding in the local park, but we never said anything about monogamy. 
Plus, Tommy had nicer clothes and was a whole year older than Kent, at eleven years old. 
Incensed at the injustice of it all, I picked up an eraser from the table and rubbed out my name. 
By the time I had finished no elf, no matter how talented, would have been able to read my name from the smudged gap left on the paper. 
Worried, I might get caught, I ran out of the office and back to the plane where my father was waiting. 
When we returned to Anchorage, I wondered what the effect of my action would be.
 Would Santa be bringing me presents that Christmas? Had I truly succeeded in wiping my name off of the naughty list? 
Or did they have some kind of back-up process they could use to double check for discrepancies? 
There was only one way to find out: wait for Christmas Eve and see if Santa came. 
That Christmas Eve I barely slept, as I waited patiently to hear reindeer hooves on the roof of my family’s house. 
Eventually I fell asleep. 
But when I awoke the next morning and rushed downstairs, imagine my surprise at finding that Santa had come during the night and brought me dozens and dozens of wonderous gifts! 
In fact, he had brought everything that had been on my Christmas list! 
So, the next year, when my father once again took me to the North Pole, I snuck away again to see if my name was once more on Santa’s naughty list. 
It was. 
My crime that year: I had stolen a bar of candy from a gas station on a family trip down to Juneau. 
So, once again, I found an eraser and scrubbed my name from the list. 
And once again, on Christmas Day, I found that Santa had delivered me a bounty of presents, none-the-wiser of my bad behavior. 
I had found a way to beat the system. 
I could be as bad and mean as I wanted, all year, and all I had to do to avoid being punished for it, was fly to the North Pole with my father, sneak off into the administration office and remove my name from Santa’s naughty list. 
I did it for years. 
Through my teenage years, then my twenties, and now my thirties.
Until last year. 
Last year, I flew to the North Pole with my father, as per usual, waited until everyone was busy with Santa, and then snuck into the administration office. 
I found my name on the naughty list, grabbed an eraser, and was in the middle of removing my name for the umpteenth time, when I heard a noise behind me. 
I turned around and saw two little eyes staring at me. 
They belonged to a chirpy little grey squirrel. 
The squirrel had been carrying a nut, which he had dropped in surprise at seeing me falsifying Santa’s naughty list. 
I cracked a fake smile. 
I felt my cheeks flush with embarrassment at being caught red-handed in the act of committing fraud on Santa! 
What could I do? 
How would I explain this to my father?
Would he lose his job? 
How would I explain this to Santa? 
Or his elves? 
I was certain to be on Santa’s naughty list for the rest of my life! 
Christmas as I knew it could be ruined forever!
Which leads me to my predicament - the reason I am writing to your column for advice. 
How does one get squirrel blood out of a white, cotton-and-polyester-blend dress, and what can I do with approximately 2½ square feet of light grey fur?

Warm regards

Anna

Vixen responds:

Bleach and a hot wash setting should do the trick.
Repeat as often as necessary until the stain is entirely removed. 
This technique also works for most roadkill, next door’s irritating dog, or any unwanted family pets. 
Do not ask me how I know, I just do. 
And the answer to the second part of your question is simple.
Gloves. 
A nice pair of grey fur gloves will go with almost any outfit. 
You’re welcome.







5 I HATE YOU MUCH MORE AT CHRISTMAS


(to the tune of We Wish You A Merry Christmas, composed 16th century)

I hate you much more at Christmas
I found out about your mistress
You caused me such pain and distress
That’s why I shot you dead
So, now I’m in jail
With no hope of bail
The days are so long and listless
I should have just fled

You’d been to your Christmas party
You came home without your car keys
You’d left them around at Marlene’s
And that’s how I found out
I followed you there
And to my despair
You kissed that voracious harpy
And left me no doubt

I’d thought I’d get an acquittal
Since you were so non-committal 
I held in my hand your pistol
And then out rang the shot
And then I cut both your arms off
And then I cut both your legs off
And lastly, I cut your head off
And gift-wrapped the lot

And no one had any inkling
That under tree lights a-twinkling
Your sawn limbs were slowly wrinkling
Til Christmas was here
Then gifts were unwrapped
And Christmas was scrapped
I hope that the gifts this Christmas
Are as good as last year.






6 OFFICE CHRISTMAS PARTY PRENUP


Mr. Bumble
This recording is taking place on December 7 at the head office of Fixit Manufacturing, Inc., in Boston, Massachusetts. 
My name is Mr. Bumble, partner with the law firm Shreddit, Burnett and Lye, and I am  representing Mr. Peter Quandt, Deputy Finance Manager at Fixit Manufacturing. 

Mrs. Smug
And my name is Mrs. Smug, partner with the law firm Baffle, Waffle and Billem, representing Ms. Mary Armstrong, Fixit Manufacturing’s Head of Finance.

Mr. Bumble
Now, the reason Mrs. Smug and I are here today is to facilitate what we understand to be a blossoming relationship between the two of you, but to do so in a manner that fully complies with all state laws, and avoids any perception of favoritism or coercion, given that Peter is a direct report of Mary’s, or, in layman’s terms, that Mary is Peter’s boss. 

Mrs. Smug
Put simply, we are here to protect each of you, as well as your employer, from any liability that may arise from your romance. 
As such, I would like to stress that it is in everyone’s best interests to speak frankly and exhaustively, even if the conversation leads us to discuss what you might otherwise consider to be “private matters”. 
Let’s get straight down to business then. Now, according to my notes the two of you have had a number of lunch dates, a movie night, and even a weekend trip to Las Vegas – I’m sure that was lovely - but the principal reason for today’s meeting concerns an upcoming event that needs to be handled with particular care: the office Christmas party.

Mr. Bumble
Office Christmas Parties are renowned for unprofessional - sometimes drunken - behavior, and so in anticipation of a “good time had by all”, Fixit Manufacturing has asked us to draw up what is commonly becoming known as an “Office Christmas Party Pre-Nup.”  

Mrs. Smug
More accurately however, it is actually a pre-coital agreement, rather than a pre-nuptial agreement. 
We refer to it colloquially as a pre-nup though because most people are stupid and don’t know the difference. 
To be clear: no one is expecting the two of you to get married. No, no, no.
Just to get drunk and fuck each other’s brains out.

Mr. Bumble
So that we can reach agreement quickly, please allow your respective legal representative to speak on your behalf throughout. 
That way we can keep things professional, document what is necessary, and get you back to your normal working lives as quickly as possible. 
To the preamble then. I believe my client sent a Christmas card to your client referencing the upcoming Office Christmas Party, Mrs. Smug, which included certain innuendo and a suggestive hand-drawn cartoon.

Mrs. Smug
My client acknowledges receipt of said correspondence and confirms her planned attendance of the aforementioned party. 
My client take issue however at the nickname your client chose to use - “Jugs” - , which I believe to be a reference to her ample cleavage. 
This is not because she believes such a pet name demeans her – on the contrary, my client has spent more than $20,000 on cosmetic improvements to said body area – but simply because she doesn’t like the way the word sounds. 
We have come up with an alternative list of potential nicknames for your client to consider in any future correspondence, based upon said ample cleavage, which include “the melon lady”, “knockers”, “jubbles”, “Betty Boobs”, “rackster”, “chichi”, “busty”, and “The Mayoress of Hootersville”, which could acceptably be abbreviated to “The Mayoress”. 

Mr. Bumble
Noted. And the cartoon?

Mrs. Smug
My client only hopes that the anatomically correct “self-portrait” your client drew is proportionally accurate. 

Mr. Bumble
I will confer with my client, but from the idiotic smile on his face and the way he is currently thumping the underside of the table with his groin, I believe there to be no issues in that department.

Mrs. Smug
Let us turn to attire then. What is your client planning on wearing to the Office Christmas Party? My client very much hopes he will not be wearing a novelty Christmas sweater.

Mr. Bumble
Since the event will be taking place straight after work, my client has informed me that he will likely be wearing a business suit.

Mrs. Smug
My client would find it hot if your client “went commando”

Mr. Bumble
My client would prefer not to, owing to the large amount of chafing and rubbing he experiences in the absence of underwear.

Mrs. Smug
While that is disappointing, if you client agrees to wear the red silk tie he wore to the  budgeting meeting last week, and further that my client can staple said tie to her desk at an appropriate moment, I believe we can still reach agreement. 

Mr. Bumble
My client is willing to grant that request, but on condition that your client wears the little black dress she wore on the last day of year-end audit.

Mrs. Smug
For the record, that particular dress is dry clean-only, which make stains particularly hard to get out.

Mr. Bumble
My client wishes to assure yours, she won’t be wearing the dress for long, and as such, staining is very unlikely. 
My client also requests that yours not wear any bra that requires more than ten seconds to unfasten.

Mrs. Smug
Ten seconds for your client to unfasten, or ten seconds for a Neanderthal with coordination issues and the IQ of an amoeba?

Mr. Bumble
In this instance, I fear they amount to the same. 

Mrs. Smug
My client protests, since that would seem to rule out the raciest and raunchiest bras in her collection. 

Mr. Bumble
Nevertheless, we must insist as, in the heat of passion, when all blood has left my client’s brain to be otherwise redistributed about his person, he acquires the digital dexterity of an blind, amputee wearing mittens. 

Mrs. Smug
This point is well taken. 
What time does you client expect to arrive at the party?

Mr. Bumble
My client has not indicated a preference. 

Mrs. Smug
My client is open to arriving separately, so long as your client agrees to greet mine with an audible slap on the backside within earshot of Carol from logistics.

Mr. Bumble
Would this be the same Carol from logistics that my client briefly dated last year? 

Mrs. Smug
It would.

Mr. Bumble.
I am reliably informed that Carol is a “heartless bitch who wouldn’t know a good thing if it walked up and headbutted her,”, so my client happily agrees to said request. 
How would your client feel about a public kiss under a sprig of mistletoe?

Mrs. Smug
My client worries about the proximity of pollen in light of her allergies.

Mr. Bumble
And about kissing in general?

Mrs. Smug
My client is open to passionate kissing, so long as it is sensual and not smothering. 

Mr. Bumble
Has my client’s kissing to date been satisfactory? 

Mrs. Smug
My client would rate it seven out of ten. She suggests your client might wish to practice on the back of his hand and to use a little less teeth and tongue. 

Mr. Bumble
Noted

Mrs. Smug
What kind of songs does you client agree to dance to?

Mr. Bumble
That will depend on how drunk is my client allowed to get?

Mrs. Smug
Shall we say, drunk enough to dance to Slade’s Merry Christmas Everybody, yet sober enough to pound my client’s pussy into sweet, tingling, dumb submission? 

Mr. Bumble
I see. Given that level of libation, my client is likely to dance to any song that is played, with the exception of Paul McCartney’s Wonderful Christmastime, which he finds distasteful even when close to passing out. 

Mrs. Smug
Furthermore, let the record show that my client cannot have sex if Mariah Carey’s All I want For Christmas Is You is playing. 
My client was once an enthusiastic Mariah fan, but now feels that Ms. Carey is but a hollow shell of the artist she once was. 

Mr. Bumble
That is perfectly understandable.

Mrs. Smug
In the event that your client drinks so much liquor that he is unable to perform, will he be bringing sufficient supplies of Viagra or Cialis as back-up? 

Mr. Bumble
The good and bad news is that my client’s penis is rarely more than semi-hard at best, which means your client’s sexual experience is unlikely to be affected by any amount of alcohol my client consumes.

Mrs. Smug
How then does he plan to impregnate my client?

Mr. Bumble
I am reliably informed that my client has developed a method that involves using his two forefingers to position his appendage into the required cavity. 

Mrs. Smug
I’m sure my client has had worse experiences. 

Mr. Bumble
From the look of her, we would concur.

Mrs. Smug
Moving on to dietary matters. Will your client refrain from garlic dip, any salad containing onion, and any Asian dish containing wasabi, also to include wasabi-dipped peanuts or any hither unto unspecified finger-food?

Mr. Bumble
My client agrees and in return requests that your client not use any alcohol-based mouthwashes within one hour of performing fellatio on my client. 

Mrs. Smug
I would note that my client has not yet committed to fellatio, or to any other sex act at the current time .

Mr. Bumble
Noted. 
On an unrelated matter, my client wishes to point out that he is allergic to seafood.

Mrs. Smug
Unrelated, you say?

Mr. Bumble
Entirely. 

Mrs. Smug
My client wishes to know if your client intends to use that line to excuse himself from cunnilingus.

Mr. Bumble
That would depend. Do your client’s collective genitalia smell like a three-day old trout? 

Mrs. Smug
Certainly not. 

Mr. Bumble
Or salted herring?

Mrs. Smug
No. 

Mr. Bumble
A crustacean, of any sub-genus then, that has been stranded on a beach for a week, picked at by birds,  and left to slowly decompose?

Mrs. Smug.
Again, no. 

Mr. Bumble
Then, no, my clint does not intend to excuse himself from oral sex with your client. In lieu of his asthma  however, asks that such activity remain brief. 

Mrs. Smug
What kind of technique will your client be using?

Mr. Bumble
My client is fond of drawing each letter of the alphabet with his tongue and repeating said sequence for approximately three cycles.

Mrs. Smug
My client endorses said technique, so long as your client uses the Russian alphabet rather than its English equivalent.

Mr. Bumble
And why is that?

Mrs. Bumble
Because the Russian alphabet contains five more letters. 

Mr. Bumble
Noted. 

Mrs. Smug
Does your client intend to shower for the office Christmas party?

Mr. Bumble
In spite of the cloud of stale air currently circulating around my client, I am reliably informed that he intends to make a special effort for the party itself. 

Mrs. Smug
That would be most appreciated. 

Mr. Bumble
Which leads us to the deed itself. My client would like to have sex on his desk

Mrs. Smug
My client would like to have sex on her desk

Mr. Bumble
Then we are at an impasse.

Mrs. Smug
Could your client manage sex in both locations?

Mr. Bumble
Doubtful. My client is more of a “one-and-done” kind of guy. 

Mrs. Smug
Alas, like so many men.

Mr. Bumble
Is there a compromise location that could be considered? Would your client consent to intercourse in the men’s restroom?

Mrs. Smug
No. My client finds the smell of urine a turn-off. 

Mr. Bumble
Is there a supply closet that could suffice?

Mrs. Smug
My client feels that would entail a lot of standing up, and she intends to be fully inebriated when having sex with your client. 

Mr. Bumble
Understandable. Does your client have a compromise location in mind?

Mrs. Smug
My client feels that both parties might be turned-on if they had sex on the Chief Financial Officer’s desk.

Mr. Bumble
Judging from the current expression on both of their faces, I would say that seems to be a winning proposal. 
My client has some concern however regarding potential repercussions, were they to get caught.

Mrs. Smug
My client informs me that the CFO will be absent from the office Christmas party, since he will be touring Fixit Manufacturing’s Delaware office that same day and cannot be in two places at once. 

Mr. Bumble
Then my client in in full agreement regarding the location. 

Mrs. Smug
To the act of sex itself then. Mr. Bumble, would you like to lead?

Mr. Bumble
Of course. Usually we would have an anatomically correct doll present at this juncture, but my wife and I are currently moving to a new house, so all I was able to find among the packed boxes were my daughter’s Barbie Doll and my son’s Action Man figure. 

Mrs. Smug
I think they will suffice for our purposes.

Mr. Bumble
Mr. Quandt, using the two figures in front of your, please present your intentions towards Ms. Armstrong to opposing counsel. 

[Peter Quandt picks up the figures, one in each hand, and manipulates them]

For the record, my client is indicating he would like to copulate with Ms. Armstrong in what is termed a “Pretzel Dip.”
Then, I believe he is indicating the “Flatiron position.”

Mrs. Smug
On a point of order, could your client agree to clear the aforementioned desk of any pens or pencils before such positions, so as not to accidentally injure my client. 

Mr. Bumble
Noted. 

Mrs. Smug
Please continue

Mr. Bumble
Now I believe he is suggesting the “Wheelbarrow” position. 
Somewhat vigorously. 
Very vigorously indeed, in fact. 
Are you sure, Mr. Quandt? I’m led to believe that puts an awful lot of strain on one’s back?

[Mr. Quandt grunts in affirmation]

And it looks like it would be followed by doggy style. 
[Mr. Quandt grunts twice]

No? Then, I don’t quite understand what you’re…

[Mr. Quandt bashes the two dolls together, grunting loudly]

Are you suggesting “Leap Frog”?

[Mr. Quandt bashes the two dolls together again, harder this time]

No. 

[Mr. Quandt emits a low, dirty laugh brings the two dolls together forcefully]

Oh, I see. I believe my client is suggesting he would like to enter your client’s body through what is colloquially known as “the back door”.
 
[Mr. Quandt grins maniacally crashing the Action Man figure into the Barbie Doll repeatedly, causing the Barbie Doll to break]

Until her head falls off.

Mrs. Smug
My client is open to all of the acts your somewhat overly excited client has demonstrated, with the exception of anal sex and decapitation. 

Mr. Bumble
I’m reasonably certain my client does not wish to kill yours. 

Mrs. Smug
Nevertheless, my client is resolute she does not want any “back door action”, until such day that your client puts a diamond ring on her finger with a minimum resale value of $25,000. 

Mr. Bumble
My client is not currently contemplating proposing to yours, but for the record, would your client be willing to compromise on the price of any such ring? 

Mrs. Smug
No. 

Mr. Bumble
Well, at least I tried. 
Mr. Quandt, you can put down the figurines now, thank you. No, don’t worry about the head, I think it rolled under the filing cabinet. I’ll look for it later. 

Mrs. Smug
Returning to matters at hand, will your client support his own weight with his elbows to avoid squashing my client?

Mr. Bumble
In every position that would afford that opportunity, yes. 
Would your client be prepared to bark like a dog during intercourse?

Mrs. Smug
What kind of dog did you have in mind?

Mr. Bumble
Something small and submissive. Like a Pekingese.

Mrs. Smug
A Pekingese? My client is minded to agree, but only on condition that your client concurrently make protective growling noises in the spirit of a German Shepherd or Great Dane.

Mr. Bumble
My client agrees, though I would like to point out that said noises may be indistinguishable from the regular grunts that comprise his natural language. 

Mrs. Smug
That is understood. 
Does your client promise to pull my client’s hair during copulation?

Mr. Bumble
That is a definite “Yes”.

Mrs. Smug
Will you client call mine a “dirty little slut” during said hair-pulling?

Mr. Bumble
My client feels like this might be a trick question and seeks clarity as to whether or not that is your client’s wish.

Mrs. Smug
It is her wish. 

Mr. Bumble
Then my client will happily oblige. 

Mrs. Smug
My client also has a fetish related to my client’s joint work with yours that she would like catered to.

Mr. Bumble
Can you elaborate?

Mrs. Smug
Here is a list of finance-related phrases your client might consider saying during intercourse.

Mr. Bumble
“Amortize this, you bean-counting whore.”
“That’s a little bigger than a rounding error, right?”
“I haven’t done this in ages, the cashflow from this is going to be huge.”
“Can you feel my gross margin getting bigger and bigger?”
“Hold on tight, because this takeover’s about to get hostile.”
I believe my client can say most of those without laughing, so that should be fine. 

Mrs. Smug
Excellent. 
How long will sex last for?

Mr. Bumble
My client’s legs tend to cramp after about ten minutes.

Mrs. Smug
How unfortunate. My client seldom climaxes with less than twenty minutes of hard pummeling.

Mr. Bumble
If your client would be willing to attempt “Cowgirl” or even “Reverse Cowgirl”, intermittently throughout the session, I think that could take some of the weight off of my client’s shoulders -  or more accurately his hamstrings and calves. 

Mrs. Smug
My client agrees. 
  Moving on to contraception. Will you client be using a condom?

Mr. Bumble
My client claims to be allergic to latex.

Mrs. Smug
How convenient. I presume he would prefer my client to take matters into her own hands then. 

Mr. Bumble
So long as those hands don’t try and put a condom on my client’s limp penis, then yes. 

Mrs. Smug
Noted. My client is on the pill, anyway. 

Mr. Bumble
Oh, there was one other thing we need to discuss. My client wishes it to be known that he would like to have sex on the photocopier.

Mrs. Smug
Given your “one-and-done” description of your client’s performance, that would seem to require further explanation. 

Mr. Bumble
My client only wishes to penetrate yours on the photocopier for a brief period of time. 
The principal goal of which would be obtain a facsimile of our clients cojoined genitalia, rather than climax.

Mrs. Smug
My client is open to the idea, but would like to know which photocopier your client has in mind. The one in accounting or the one in logistics?

Mr. Bumble
My client informs me that the photocopier in logistics would afford more privacy and looks sturdier. 

Mrs. Smug
Does your client envisage sitting on the photocopier while my client rides yours, or otherwise inserting himself into my client while she sits atop of the unit?

Mr. Bumble
My client is more interested in the latter of those two scenarios.

Mrs. Smug
My client wishes to know if the copier in question prints in color or black and white?

Mr. Bumble
As I understand it, the machine in question is capable of both. 

Mrs. Smug
My client is willing to participate, so long as any resulting media is printed in black and white rather than color. 
My client believes that would make the resulting images more “artistic” and make her feel less like a cheap whore. 

Mr. Bumble
Understood. 
After sex, how much longer does my client have to stay at the party?

Mrs. Smug
The prospect of sex with your client aside, my client generally finds office parties to be sad, underwhelming affairs, and would be happy to go home almost immediately afterwards. 

Mr. Bumble
Will they leave the venue separately or together?

Mrs. Smug
My client does not envisage spending the night at your clients, or inviting him back to hers. 
Instead, she imagines she will spend the night replaying the evening’s events over in her mind while gently massaging her lady parts. 

Mr. Bumble
My client would be interested in witnessing that.

Mrs. Smug
Alas, my client will require some “me time” after sex with your client. 
My client also remembers from their Las Vegas trip that your client snores like a congested hippopotamus. My client is instead looking forward to a relaxing night’s sleep to recuperate. 
Also, my client also intends to drink so much liquor that she is likely to vomit, and does not wish you client to see, hear or smell said convulsions. 

Mr. Bumble
Turning to work the next day. Does your client agree to tell everyone that my client is the best sex she has ever had?

Mrs. Smug
Unfortunately, my client has a previous contract with “Alan in maintenance” regarding that claim. 
My client could however commit to at least saying that sex with yours was very good. 

Mr. Bumble
In which case, could your client at least use the phrases “mind-blowing” “tub-thumping” and “multi-orgasmic” when sharing details of the night’s events with colleagues?

Mrs. Smug
My client draws the line at “tub-thumping” because it sits outside her regular vocabulary, but can agree to scratch the other two phrases - along with your client’s name - into the cubicle walls of the ladies’ third floor restroom. 

Mr. Bumble
Then I think we are all set. 
All that is left to do is for you both to sign this waiver of liability, stating that you both agree not to hold Fixit Manufacturing, Inc. responsible for any lackluster sexual activity, unwanted or unplanned children, long- or short-term emotional trauma, future employment place awkwardness, clothing stains, physical injuries or sexually transmitted diseases.
[Mary and Peter both sign]

Mrs. Smug
Our work here is done. We will email you both a copy of today’s agreement as well as send Human Resources a copy for each of your personnel files. You are now free to return to your respective workstations. 

[Mary and Peter look at one another awkwardly and leave the meeting room]

Mr. Bumble
I don’t know about you, Mrs. Smug, but after all that, I need to take a very cold shower. 

Mrs. Smug
How very restrained of you, Mr. Bumble. 
I was planning on barricading myself in the company’s disabled restrooms and knocking a quick one out with my Rampant Rabbit. 

Mr. Bumble
I’ll shake hands now with you then, and be on my way. 
Merry Christmas, Mrs. Smug.

Mrs. Smug
Merry Christmas to you, Mr. Bumble.






7 O’ CHRISTMAS SHOPPERS EVERYWHERE


(to the tune of O’ Little Town Of Bethlehem, composed 16th century)

O’ Christmas shoppers everywhere
How stupid we must be
To buy the tat and useless crap
We gift our families
The latest whims and gadgets
Are all that will suffice
Just one week on, with Christmas gone,
They’ll sell for half the price

Oh, Christmas shoppers everywhere
Pay heed to what we say
When you give treats, include receipts
So they can be exchanged
Don’t give gift-cards or money
It shows a lack of thought
Raid your accounts, spend large amounts
Since love’s not earned, it’s bought

How frantically, how frantically
The husbands rush to buy
Perfumery and jewelry
In homage to their wives
Each gift should shine and sparkle
Gift-wrapped and neatly tied
Each man’s afraid he won’t get laid
If she’s not satisfied

O’ little children everywhere  
Enjoy this time we pray
When you grow old, your heart grows cold
As Yuletide fades to grey
When Christmas has no meaning
You’ll bitch and fight and scream
And though you’d shirk, you’d rather work
All week ‘til New Year’s Eve.






8 DEAR VIXEN – PART 2


Tough Love From The North Pole’s Sassiest Therapist

(The Advice Column of The North Pole Gazette)

Dear Vixen, 

Well, it finally happened. Those well-meaning people down in Scandinavia are finally giving my husband the Nobel Prize for Peace, in recognition of his lifelong philanthropic efforts – specifically giving away millions of toys to the world’s children, year-in, year-out.
Now, you might think that he doesn’t need any recognition. I mean, what child grows up not knowing who Santa Claus is? He’s on the cover of nearly every Christmas card, they’ve made hundreds of films and Christmas specials about him - not that we get any royalties, though – but even so, why would a veritable icon need the kind of validation that a Nobel prize provides? 
If only you knew! 
Between you and me, he and I have shared some dark days. He frets over the naughty boys and girls list all year, trying to find reasons not to exclude any child. 
He is heartbroken every time a child says they no longer believe in Santa Claus. 
The long summers, with not much more to do than stockpile toys and skin polar bears. 
It all adds up. 
Time has taken its toll on Santa. 
I remember when his beard was alabaster. Now it is the color of chalk!   
So, he needs this. 
This is proof that he is still relevant. Proof that he is still loved. And confirmation of the deserving nature of his work, which he funds entirely out of his own pocket.  
What then is my question for you? It’s simple: what should I wear to the awards ceremony? It will be the most important night of his life and I do not want to let him down. 
Please help me with this important decision. 

Sandra Claus

Vixen responds: 

Mary, Mary, Mary... That used to be your name, right? Before you got your hooks into Santa, you little star-fucker. 
Mary Christmas - I remember her. A sweet young girl, fond of candy canes, and with a preference for the more mature gentleman. 
Then, before you could say, “Nice ring, Mary!” she ensnared the most famous man in the world, changed her name to Sandra Claus and moved to his gated community in the North Pole.
So, you want some fashion advice, do you? 
Here is some for free: this evening is not about you! 
It’s HIS big night, not yours! 
You’re the plus one, although from the size of you these days you’re more like a plus two. 
Keep in mind that you’re the supporting cast, and try and not look desperate for attention when the paparazzi are snapping pictures of your famous husband.
Now, what should you wear? I’ve got it! Why not go as the frumpy, old, home-baker and bag lady you normally look like? 
I’ll tell you why: because you normally dress in a way that makes Santa’s elves look sexy and stylish by comparison. And they make their own clothes out of sack cloth! 
So, rather than look like a walking advert for a thrift store, you are going to need to do something you’ve never done before and dress to impress. I don’t expect you to recognize these names, but I’m talking Dior, Prada, Gucci or Valentino, darling. 
Pick something you think would look good on Kate Moss and then immediately have them put it into storage.
Next, I’m going to need you to find a department store and buy a large mirror so that you can take a long, hard look at your sorry, lady-hulk, whale-of-a-self. 
See that mound of cellulite in the mirror that’s blocking out the sun? That’s you. 
Lose. 
Some. 
Fucking. 
Weight.
Since you are clearly incapable of controlling your insatiable appetite for baked goods, I suggest you get your mouth wired shut, thus restricting your dietary intake to liquids-only. 
Stock up of laxatives too, as you are carrying enough water-weight to sink a lifeboat. 
Once you’ve lost a hundred pounds or so, we’ll need to do something about your hair. 
A hat would be the easiest way to cover up those mangles, but the Nobel ceremony is held indoors, and so that would breach etiquette. 
Instead, I’m thinking you should prune back as much as you can and dye what’s left whatever color makes you look less like the walking dead.
Next comes make-up. 
You are going to need a lot. 
I would suggest buying it in bulk and having a bricklayer apply it to your face with a trowel or shovel. 
If you slip him a twenty, he may even hit you in the face with it, so that the resulting swelling diminishes your crows’ feet and removes one or more of your excess chins.
On the night in question, try and say as little as possible. Better to have them think you are a fool, than open your mouth and remove all doubt. 
Come to think of it, it might actually be best if your mouth were still wired for the ceremony. Look into that.
Try and walk the red carpet elegantly - practice beforehand walking around the grotto with an elf balanced on your head - let your husband take center-stage, and try and smile like you are not a needy nobody, plucked from obscurity. 
Oh, and sex appeal. 
Get some. 
I’m sure that “festive stocking” of yours hasn’t been filled in decades, but it would be nice not to imagine Santa trapped in a loveless marriage, surrounded by a bunch of pygmies and farmyard animals. 
The rumors are already rife. 
Try not to give them further credence, eh?

###

Dear Vixen, 

I am such a silly elf. 
Pepper says I am the silliest elf in the whole of the North Pole, but I remember her once getting a lollipop stuck up her nose during a pogo stick race that went wrong, and trying to remove afterwards by running backwards and forwards through clouds of sneezing powder, so I think she might actually be sillier than me. 
Then there’s Tinsel, of course, who always wears his pants on back-to-front and compensates by walking everywhere backwards so that people won’t notice. 
So, at worst I am probably only the third silliest elf in the North Pole, which I don’t think is really so bad.
Except that I just made a huge mistake!
Pepper, Tinsel and I were on the toy factory assembly line when Pepper thought it would be fun to pop a balloon right behind me just as we were stuffing the teddy bears with sawdust. 
She knows that loud noises make me jump! 
So, the balloon pops and I jumped seven feet into the air, landing right in the middle of the administrative group. 
Sawdust went everywhere! 
Children’s Christmas lists went everywhere! 
Then, Pepper ended up laughing so much that she fell backwards into vat of gingerbread dough, and as Tinsel ran over to help her, he slipped on some spilled muffin icing, and slid headfirst into a pile of thousand-piece jigsaw puzzles! 
Mr. Giggles - the head of the administrative group - was not pleased. 
Not at all. 
He told us to grow up, which I thought was unfair because at 3’ 2”, I am already a fully grown elf.
Pepper and Tinsel are too. 
Then Mr. Giggles pointed at the mess we had made of the paperwork. 
All the boys’ and girls’ Christmas lists had got muddled up – kids tend to be greedier these days, so their lists typically run on for three or four pages. 
Well, after the kerfuffle, you could not tell whose page two was whose! 
Which means that some children are going to get presents from Santa that they never asked for, and others are going to miss out on the things they most wanted! 
What am I to do? 
I simply cannot bear the thought of a child unwrapping a GI Joe, when what they really wanted was a Tamagotchi, or a pack of baseball cards. 
Help me! 
How do I undo the damage I have done?

Bushy the Elf

Vixen responds:

OK, elf, let us not beat around the bush (pun intended) with pleasantries and half-basked advice. 
Let’s cut to the chase.
Have you given any thought to the notion of suicide? 
I know I’m supposed to tell you that the heinous crime you have described does not matter, but the truth is it does. 
You have ruined some little girl’s and boy’s Christmas. 
Possibly a number of them.
There is no denying it. 
What if they blame Santa for the mishap and not you? 
What if this leads to them not believing in Santa anymore? 
Could you live with yourself if that happened? 
Of course not. 
This is why your near-term death is the only way out of this predicament. 
I’ll take your stunned silence as meaning that you are in complete agreement with me and move on to exactly how you should go about ending your sorry existence of a life. 
Have you considered poison? 
There is not much of it in the North Pole, but I think the lead-based paint they use on the wooden toys is toxic in sufficient quantity. 
You could try that.
Ooooh, ingest the green paint, since that will make your deathbed look much nicer. 
Now, the problem with poison is it can be slow acting, which unfortunately gives someone time to save you. 
Also, your body’s self-defense mechanism will kick-in and attempt to expunge the toxins - imagine projectile vomiting as an Olympic sport and you being the gold medal-winner.
So, poison should really only used as a last resort. 
Cutting is fairly effective. 
Elves have short limbs too, so if you chose that route, it shouldn’t take too long. 
Remember: cut lengthways across the major arteries, not widthways, since that makes reparative surgery harder and maximizes blood loss. 
Elves have blood, right? I remember debating this once with another reindeer once who suggested that Elves were actually made of sheepskin and lemonade. 
He wasn’t the brightest. 
Either way, slicing a major body part is dramatic and shows oodles of remorse. 
Bear in mind, you will also get marks for artistic impression, so think carefully about how you will bleed and how you will look when someone finally finds your leached and tattered body. 
You would think hanging would be easy for an Elf, right? 
I mean, you are a short race. 
You could probably hang yourself from the underside of a dining table using a bootlace. 
But the problem, as I understand it, is that you weigh next-to-nothing, leaving insufficient downward force to choke the life out of you when the “rope” goes taut. 
So, hanging is out unless you have a pair of lead or concrete boots handy.  
Electrocution might be fun, but of course there are no power lines up here at the North Pole.
 You could try flying a kite, like Benjamin Franklin, on a night when the aurora borealis is particularly fierce, but I have a feeling your kite would fail to gain sufficient altitude to really fry you.  
No, when all is said and done, your best bet is what I am about to recommend. 
It will take some nerve and planning, but I think you are up to the challenge.  
First things first - write a suicide note. 
Remember - this is your time to shine. 
Make it all about you. 
Embellish everything. You were researching a cure for cancer, you had just written a bestseller - which you burned, so your death is actually doubly sad - all you ever wanted to do was make children happy etc., 
That kind of sentimental garbage. 
You want to be remembered, so make it memorable and, most importantly, make them cry.
 Write it in blood if you can and remember, if you are squeamish, the coroner is unlikely to investigate whose blood it was written in, so if you need to, use someone else’s. 
Next, pick something dramatic to wear like a wedding dress, a military uniform, or even your birthday suit, a la Marilyn Monroe. 
Finally, sneak into Santa’s sleigh on Christmas Eve and hide among the toys. 
You are small and funny-looking, so hide out among the teddy bears and toy dolls, no one will notice you there. 
Then, as we reach altitude over Budapest, throw yourself out of the sleigh, and plummet to the ground screaming, “goodbye cruel world!!!” 
The sleigh party will be in such a hurry, delivering presents to all the boys and girls, that we won’t have time to stop and save you. 
And Budapest is world-famous for its gothic architecture, which maximizes your chances of landing on something sinister-looking and spiky. 
You will make all the morning papers. 
It will be fabulous, but also tragic, which is the exact mix you should be aiming for in my opinion.
While suicide might initially seem like an extreme reaction to your incompetence, believe me when I say, it is a lot more compassionate than the alternative. 
Santa does not tolerate failure. 
He runs a very tight outfit. 
Ever wonder why his robe is red? 
It is dyed with the blood of elves who have disappointed him in the past. 
Ever wondered what that white pompom is on the end of his hat? 
It is made from the whiskers of Elves who “disappeared” after they “got things muddled up” once too often. 
Personally, I do not believe the rumors of Santa’s cannibalism, but global warming is reducing food stocks in the North Pole, so Santa’s pet polar bears are always hungry. 
Oh, and one last thing. 
Before you end your sad, stunted existence of a life, remember to leave a will and remember to leave me something nice. 
Do you have anything nice? 
If not, maybe you could mention me your suicide note, referencing our strong friendship or something like that?
Then I can read it from time to time, remember you, and smile. 
I always like a good laugh.









9 THE FORMER MISS GRANGER


(to the turn of Away In A Manger, composed in1885)

The former Miss Granger
Laid down next to Ron
And silently wondered
Where she had gone wrong
She’d born him two children
But sadly, each one
Had been born a ginger
She’d hoped they’d be blonde

She dreamt of her schooldays
And brave Master Krum
Her life would be different 
If he’d been the one
If she had wed Cormack
All smiles and blonde curls
She would have been envied
By all of the girls

She looked at her children
And depressed and dismayed
She’d tried to use magic
But ginger they’d stayed
So, if all else failed her
She’d reach for her wand
And turn them to frogs
Then drown them in the pond.






10 HAPPY HOLIDAYS FROM THE CEO


Dear valued No Place Like Home™ employee,

First and foremost, happy holidays to you, your family, friends, pets, and anyone else that might be important in your life. 
On behalf of No Place Like Home™ - The Best, Little Gift Shops In The World™ - I would like to wish all of you a cracking Christmas, a happy Hanukkah, a kick-ass Kwanza and a thoroughly superb Solstice! 
Whichever gender-neutral, race-indifferent version of Santa Claus you celebrate coming down/though your chimney/feature wall/solar-powered-gas-effect-electric-heater, I hope he/she/they bring you all that your heart desires! 
Secondly, I want to thank you all for the hard work and energy you delivered for our company, this past year. Together, we have made tremendous progress and I can’t wait to see what we achieve over the next twelve months. The world is literally our macramé, gift-wrapped, personalized oyster! 
As a reminder, our U.S. employees will get Christmas off from work. Enjoy it guys, you’ve earned it! 
Our British and Canadian employees will also get Boxing Day off – that’s the day after Christmas for those of you who don’t know. Congratulations! Enjoy those boxes! 
Meanwhile our European employees get approximately two weeks of Christmas vacation owing to the better work/life balance their socialist governments insist upon. Well played, comrades! Just remember that the downside to all that time off is boredom, skin cancer (if you decide to vacation somewhere sunny), socialized medicine (yikes!), and knowing that your taxes go to keep murderers alive for the rest of their lives because you’re too chicken shit to execute them. 
I digress. 
Over the years, we have developed No Place Like Home™ into and a brand and business that stands for environmentally friendly, family-oriented, organic, fair trade, tolerant profitability. 
As such, the sale of our company to MegaTech™, which some of you will have noticed was announced to the New York Stock Exchange this morning, might strike some of you as contrary to our corporate ethos as you currently understand it. 
That is absolutely not the case! 
One of our core beliefs is to create value for shareholders, and the handsome premium that MegaTech™ is paying for No Place Like Home™ will mean some very happy Christmases and Hanukkahs for our core shareholders (most of whom are middle class, white Christians and Jews). 
Management is also in line to make a pretty penny, so that’s good news too! 
Nevertheless, in spite of the uncertainty some of you may feel about our changing ownership, I want to ensure you that nothing is going to change. 
Well, apart from who owns us. 
And the plans they have for our company. 
Regardless, let me assure you that No Place Like Home™ will retain its values and identity, and that it will continue to operate as an independent subsidiary within the MegaTech™ conglomerate. 
That means that we will still control our own destiny. 
We will all remain family. 
That being said, I do want to inform you all of some changes that you should expect as of January 1, related to the takeover.
First of all, everyone employed in our packaging department in Cleveland, Ohio, is being redeployed. 
And by redeployed, I mean to whichever company employs you next, because you’re all fired. 
In future our packaging needs will be handled by MegaTech’s Bangladeshi affiliate. 
While our new Bangladesh-based partner does not currently share our commitment to carbon neutrality, nor use 100% recycled packaging materials, they are (thanks to some very innovative loopholes they have found in their local child labor laws) 90% more cost effective than our Cleveland-operations, despite being located on the other side of the planet. 
Note: all soon-to-be-ex-employees of our Cleveland plant will be eligible for a $50 Christmas Kroger’s voucher and unlimited free access an online resume-writing resource. 
We salute you and thank you for all you have contributed to our company. 
Next, I would like to address the telemarketers at our call center in Nashville, Tennessee. 
Good news! You are not fired! 
That is, so long as you agree to relocate to the Philippines where MegaTech™ is consolidating all of its call center operations, on a new campus to be built among the slums of Manila. 
Thanks to the significant investment MegaTech™ is making in English language courses and western cultural awareness there, it is planned that our Filipino operatives will have comparable English comprehension to the average Floridian within six months, and the average New Yorker around a year later. 
For those of you who do relocate, take lots of bug spray with you as Dengue and Malaria tend to flare up during monsoon season. 
You guys are going to love it there! 
I wish I could go myself, but someone has to stay here and manage our U.S. operations, gosh darn it. 
Next, I would like to address the sharp drop our marketing department can expect in next year’s advertising and marketing budgets. 
We will no longer sponsoring Greenpeace, the Human Rights Campaign, Amnesty International or the American Civil Liberties Union. 
Instead, we will be partnering with The Real Housewives of Lubbock, Texas – an exciting new reality television series produced by MegaTech’s entertainment division – which our parent company feels better reflects our new corporate identity, which will officially be No Place Like Home - A MegaTech Group Company™.
Or NPLHAMTGC for short. 
Other than that, the rest of our company’s operations will remain unchanged - other than a ban on all future overtime, an immediate 30% reduction in headcount, a hiring freeze and the cancellation of our employee stock scheme. 
Oh, and our corporate headquarters will be closing with all future administrative responsibilities and functions carried out by MegaTech™ employees at their existing head office. 
But wait – there’s even more good news! 
As reported today, exclusively in the Wall Street Journal, MegaTech’s offer for all outstanding No Place Like Home™ stock has been agreed to at a price of $45 a share! 
That represents a premium of more than 25% to our closing price on Friday! 
As such, No Place Like Home’s Management and Board of Directors were unanimous in recommending the offer to shareholders as a well-deserved holiday gift! 
Doubtless, you will have read that I personally stand to make more than $20m from the takeover. 
I wish that were true, but this figure is deeply inaccurate and does not include the stock I have registered in my wife’s name in addition to my family trust. 
So, it’s actually more like $40 million. 
But that’s before tax! 
And tax in the Cayman Islands can reach pretty high levels, let me tell you! 
Anyway, putting my own personal enrichment aside for the moment, I am reliably informed by Human Resources (you’re all fired by the way – see the above note about administrative functions) that the average No Place Like Home™ employee stands to make more than $2,000 from MegaTech’s acquisition of our company. 
That pays for Christmas, right? 
Of course, it does. 
Just remember to save some of it, because as previously mentioned, you have a 30% chance of being fired in January. 
If I may, allow me now to share a moment of clarity I had recently. 
It took place in the Bahamas a few weeks ago, when we were finalizing the terms of the takeover. 
All of a sudden, I was struck by all that we’ve achieved together: all the stores we’ve opened; the joy we’ve brought to consumers the world over; the sheer number of overpriced greetings cards, giftwrap, and novelty items we have cumulatively sold. 
It was these things that I thought about while negotiating my new role at MegaTech™, agreeing to sacrifice my Chief Financial Officer (who I never truly liked), and contemplating whether I would buy a yacht or a fourth house with the windfall I would stand to make. 
Together we created something really valuable. 
$45-per-share-valuable, to be exact. 
Unfortunately, your Christmas bonuses have had to be cancelled. 
Do not cash the checks! 
In an oversight, we didn’t seek approval from MegaTech™ before we issued them (my bad) and our new owner needs that money to plug the black hole they have in their pension scheme. 
On the bright side, our two companies will be merging our Customer Loyalty Schemes, which means that customers can collect loyalty points regardless of whether they’re buying novelty snow globes at one of our stores, or fracked gas, diesel engines or factory poultry at one of our new sister companies. 
Let me also address the elephant in the room: why announce the sale of the company right before Christmas, potentially putting a dampener on whatever celebrations you and your family might have planned? 
Answer: in order that you can all make better-informed decisions. 
No Place Like Home™ has always placed its employees at the heart of its decisions. 
Armed with the knowledge of our acquisition, you can all now decide if it’s prudent to further rack-up your credit card debt this Christmas, or hang on to the receipt for little Johnny’s game console, so that you can return it - still in its box - and instead have food in the month of January. 
We genuinely care about you.  

With festive greetings

David Snyderman, Esq.
President and Chief Executive Officer of No Place Like Home, Inc. – A MegaTech Group Company™.







11 CHRISTMAS PRESENTS


(to the turn of The Twelve Days Of Christmas, composed in1885)

As a present for Christmas
My true love gave to me
A loofah shaped like Elvis Presley

As a present for Christmas 
My brother gave to me
Two potted plants
Which I’m sure to kill within a few weeks

As a present for Christmas
My sister gave to me
Three car tires
Why only three?
What a Christmas this was going to be

As a present for Christmas 
My mother gave to me
Four pairs of gloves
I said cash
Why did she ask
If she didn’t want to listen to me?

As a present for Christmas 
My father gave to me
Five coffee mugs!
And they didn’t match
Two had spots
He’s color blind
What a mis-er-a-ble present for me

As a present for Christmas
My auntie gave to me
Six packs of condoms 
Then winked at me!
I felt unclean
She’s sixty
Put her in a home
‘Cos she’s getting old and far too creepy

As a present for Christmas
My uncle gave to me
Seven books of crosswords
That he’d half-finished
But could not do!
I’d like to take
“Three across”
(And) Shove it up his ass!
But instead, I fed the dog his car keys

As a present for Christmas 
My grandma gave to me
Eight velvet cushions
That looked quite familiar
They were re-gifted
I gave her them!
One year ago
For Christmas
What a dozy bitch
But at least I knew I had the receipt

As a present for Christmas
My grandpa gave to me
Nine bags of peanuts
Mum is allergic
And she started choking
An-a-phyl-ac-tic
Needs mouth to mouth
I had to French- 
Kiss my Mum
Now I’m scarred for life
And its possible she gave me herpes

As a present for Christmas
My cousin gave to me
Ten bars of chocolate
He’d bought in Belgium
Eight months ago now
Past their best before dates
We didn’t notice
Gran eating them! 
She had to have
Her stomach pumped
What a greedy cow
So, the rest I fed my nephew and niece

As a present for Christmas
My neighbor gave to me
Eleven silk red roses
Just what I wanted
To start a brothel
Or undertakers
Or a fucking florists
How very tacky!
What’s wrong with socks?
I would have liked
Them much more
What a waste of time
And there’s nothing good to watch on TV.

As a present for Christmas
My best friend gave to me
Twelve shorthaired gerbils
And some cardboard tubing
What was he thinking?
Why was he smiling?
Why was he limping?
In walked my poor mother
She thought them rat-like
Screamed down the house!
I dropped the cage
Out they ran
Gerbils everywhere
So, I packed up and decided to leave

On the day after Christmas
I gathered the receipts… 

…so that I could take back

Twelve shorthaired gerbils
Eleven silk red roses
Ten bars of chocolate
Nine bags of peanuts
Eight velvet cushions
Seven books of crosswords
Six packs of condoms
Five coffee mugs!
Four pairs of gloves
Three car tires
Two potted plants
And loofah shaped like Elvis Presley







12 THE TALK


Michael sat on the edge of his son’s bed and tussled his child’s hair, “Jason, I know it’s Christmas Eve, but there’s something Mommy and I need to tell you. Unfortunately, Mommy decided only one of us needed to do this, so we drew cards. She picked a jack, and I got a seven. So, you are going to have to hear this from me. Where to start? Do you believe in the tooth fairy? 
Jason shook his head and replied meekly, “No.”
Michael smiled, “Good boy. It’s ridiculous, right? You lose a tooth, you place it under your pillow, and during the night some fairy supposedly flies into your room and leaves you a quarter.”
Jason corrected him, “A dollar.”
Michael’s voice rose an octave, “A dollar? When I was a kid all I got what a quarter. Anyway, it doesn’t add-up, right? Why does the tooth fairy want rotten teeth? Where does she get the money from? How does she get into the house without setting off the alarm? How does she know your tooth fell out in the first place? There are too many unanswered questions, and you are too smart to accept those inconsistencies blindly. So, you rightly deduced that the tooth fairy isn’t real.” 
“Every time one of your teeth fell out, your mother and I would creep back into your room once you were asleep, take the rotten tooth away and leave a coin in its place. It was a white lie that we preserved in order to make your childhood more enjoyable; to shield you from the rigors of the real world.”
“Sometimes we would make the switch in the morning when we came in to wake you. Usually, we just tossed the tooth in the garbage. Now, what are your thoughts on the Easter Bunny?”
Jason replied softly, “I don’t think he’s real either.”
Michael squeezed his son’s arm, “Good boy. We raised a smart kid. And you’re absolutely right, the Easter Bunny doesn’t exist either. All the eggs and chocolate you get at Easter comes from your mother and I. We typically buy the overpriced candy at Wal-Mart or Costco.”
“Now we’re getting to the crux of the matter. The tooth fairy was a lie we told you to make you happier. The Easter Bunny is a lie we told as well. Note: we did these things for your benefit. So, tell me, what do you think…” Michael paused as he noticed a giant picture of Santa Claus on a Christmas card on his son’s bookshelf, “… of Mommy and Daddy’s marriage?”
Jason looked confused, “Is it a lie too?”
Michael beamed with pride, “Yes! Yes, it is! Oh, thank God, you get it. I thought this was going to be really hard, but you are such a smart boy, it’s not going to be difficult at all, is it?” 
“So, listen, Daddy and Mommy haven’t loved each other for about five years, and we will be divorcing in the new year, selling this house, and your Mom will be moving to Oregon with ‘Gary’ and I’ll be moving to Denver. You’ll get to decide who you want to live with.”
Jason’s face was blank, “You don’t love each other?”
Michael buried his face in the raised palm of his right hand. He peaked out from behind it to look at Jason, “Did you just guess that I was going to say Mommy and I have been living a fake marriage, based on the Tooth Fairy and Easter Bunny answers?”
Jason nodded. 
Michael closed his eyes again, “So, you had no idea that Mommy and Daddy don’t love each other?”
Jason shook his head. 
Michael sighed, “Sweet Jesus. OK. Let’s start again. Pretend I didn’t just say all of that.” He looked to the ceiling for inspiration, “I’ve got it. Jason, do you have a best friend at school?”
Jason nodded, “Leroy.”
Michael continued, “Great. What do you like about Leroy?”
Jason smiled, “He has really smooth skin.”
Michael looked suspicious, “How do you know that? Scratch that, it doesn’t matter. Leroy sounds great, and I bet he’s a lot of fun and just as smart as you, and you guys have a great time together, am I right?”
Jason nodded, “He has the best collection of baseball cards.”
Michael nodded, “He sounds awesome. Now, do you have any other friends at school? Clearly not as awesome as Leroy, because he’s your best friend, but other children who are friends of yours nonetheless?”
Jason thought long and began to count on his fingers, “Janet, Colton and Sayeed.”
Michael smiled, “Good. Now, how would you feel if you found out that Leroy had gone away on a really fun beach vacation with Janet and that they two of them were now calling each other best friends?”
Jason pondered, “Would he still be my best friend?”
Michael tutted, “He’ll say he is, but can he really be? If he’s best friends with Janet as well? Can you have more than one best friend? No, right? Best means best. There can only be one.”
Jason asked innocently, “Why would Leroy prefer Janet to me?”
Michael sighed, “Because Leroy is a slut who doesn’t really know what he wants in a best friend. One moment it’s this, the next moment it’s something else.” 
“And how would you feel if you pleaded with Leroy just to be your best friend, and only do with you the things that best friends do, and Leroy told you he didn’t think he was suited to only having one best friend?”
Jason looked gloomy, “Sad?”
Michael nodded, “Yeah, you’d be really sad. And angry too, that you agreed to ever be best friends with someone who is that immature, selfish and manipulative.”
Jason looked at his father, “Does Mommy have another best friend? Other than you?”
Michael corrected him, “To be clear, Mommy and I are no longer best friends, but yes, when we were best friends, Mommy also wanted to be best friends with your Uncle Gary. Here’s some more news for you, sport: Uncle Gary is not really your uncle. He’s just fucking Mommy. They’ve been lovers for the past five years and at one point there was talk that Uncle Gary might actually be your biological father, although subsequent DNA tests have disproved that. You are definitely my son… against all the odds.”
“But when Uncle Gary comes to our house, which you have to admit is pretty frequently for an uncle, right? Well, once you go to sleep, Daddy goes and sleeps in the spare bedroom, which isn’t actually the spare bedroom, it’s where Daddy’s been sleeping for the past five years.”
“Uncle Gary then fucks Mommy in Mommy and Daddy’s bed with his beer-can-sized dick. And by the way, Daddy isn’t poorly endowed. Daddy’s got a big swinger too. But the difference between Daddy and Uncle Gary is that Uncle Gary is happy for Mommy to have as many ‘best friends’ as she would like, and the two of them go off to ‘special’ resorts together and have ‘parties’ with other similarly-minded people.”
 Michael continued, “The only reason I have put up with your slut of a Mommy for the past five years is because of you. Otherwise, I would have left her sorry ass, years ago.”
“The only decent thing Mommy has done in her entire life, was agree that you are more important than either her or I, and that we would sacrifice our happiness - well mine, mainly, she still got to sleep around like the tramp she is - so that you could have a happy childhood until you were old enough to understand the truth, which you now are.”
“There are other things about Mommy that Daddy hates as well: she eats with her mouth open, she snores, and she’s lazy and entitled. If you are lucky, you won’t have inherited any of those traits, but you will have inherited your Daddy’s big dick. We won’t really know until you hit puberty, so it’s not something we need to dwell upon right now.” 
“Also, Mommy has no self-control. We had to rebuy all of your Christmas candy three times because Mommy kept getting high on cannabis and unwrapping and eating it all.”
“What else? She can’t hold down a job. In fact, the only good thing she has ever done is bring you into the world so, in a way, I actually pity Uncle Gary because he has his work cut out for him living with that bitch.”
Jason looked at his father, “We’re moving to Colorado?”
Michael corrected him, “I’m moving to Colorado. Your Mommy and Gary are moving to Oregon, where they plan to set up a weed farm so Mommy can be high every day for the rest of her life. I’ve never heard of anyone overdosing on cannabis, but I’m hoping she might break new ground and become the first.”
“The point is: you can choose which of us you want to live with. You just have to think very carefully about what you want and what would make you happy. Mommy and I have agreed to abide by whatever decision you make.”
Jason mumbled, “What about Leroy?”
Michael dismissed this, “I thought we had already concluded that Leroy cheated on you with Janet?”
Jason shook his head, “No, you made that up.”
Michael looked confused, “Did I? That’s weird. It felt so raw and real. Well look, the truth is that there are lots of boys out there with… smooth skin… so, if you come with me to Colorado, I’m sure you will find a new Leroy who has skin that is just as soft.”
Jason folded his arms, “He has nice hair too.”
Michael placed his hand on his son’s right arm, “Slow down there, buddy. I’m sure Leroy is a really wonderful kid, but people often aren’t as great as we think they are. Looks fade and can blind us to someone’s true self.”
“Daddy never wanted to be in a fake marriage, hearing Mommy, through the walls, being pounded by other men every night for five years, but he was blinded by Mommy’s big… personality, and ended up paying the price.”
“You will find another Leroy in time. Maybe even a better Leroy. And you and old Leroy can stay in touch, if you still remember who he is in six months’ time. You can visit each other during holidays, and write and call each other.”
Michael continued, “But whether you move in with me or go and live with Mommy and a bunch of sex hippies, you are going to have to say goodbye to Leroy, at least for now. That’s just the way it is.”
Jason nodded as if he understood, “Can I come and live with you?”
Michael brought his face down level with his son’s and almost sobbed, “Of course you can. But are you sure you don’t want to be a sex hippy in the woods with Mommy and Uncle Gary?”
Jason shook his head.
Michael took his son in his arms and hugged him long and hard, “I think you made the right decision. We’re gonna have a great time in Colorado, you and I. I’ve put in an offer on a mountain house that sits on ten acres of land. We can go skiing in the winter, and build snowmen, and have snowball fights.”
“Then in the summer, we can go hiking in the mountains, go fishing and grill. You’ll love it, I promise. I’ll make sure you do.”
“Just remember that both Mommy and Daddy love you, and although we no longer love each other, the love we have for you was enough to overcome what eventually became a deep hatred and resentment for one another.”
Jason nodded, “I love you, Daddy.” 
Michael kissed his son on the forehead, “I love you too, Son. This was a good talk. If we can handle this, the ‘birds and the bees’ conversation in a few years’ time is going to be a piece of cake.” 
As he stood up, he turned and once more saw the Christmas card on his son’s bookshelf, “Santa Claus isn’t real either. You knew that too, right?” He patted his son on the head, “Of course, you did. Merry Christmas, champ.”







13 DEAR VIXEN – PART 3


Tough Love From The North Pole’s Sassiest Therapist

(The Advice Column of The North Pole Gazette)

Dear Vixen, 

I am writing to you with that age-old problem: what should I buy my wife for Christmas? 
This annual conundrum has reached crisis levels this year, as all my previous gifts have disappointed her. She says, if I don’t put some thought into it and get it right this year, she’ll divorce me. 
I know not to get her a gift card. 
I’ve tried that a couple of times, and no matter what store I pick, whenever she opens the envelope, her expression resembles that of a bulldog having just licked piss from the leaves of a nettle. 
You would think she would enjoy the empowerment a gift card gives her, but no. 
She complains, “Why not just give me cash?”
I reply, “Because that would have shown a lack of thought.”
But she thinks gift cards show a lack of thought, which of course is untrue. They show that I know and remember where she spends all the money from our joint account.
One year, I bought her sexy underwear, which again I thought would be empowering and exciting for her. It turns out however that was “selfish” on my part. 
As she threw the matching silk bra and panties at me, she shouted, “This isn’t a present for me, it’s a gift to your own goddam-self!”
I tried to explain that her gift of aftershave was equally as self-serving, but she shook her head, stormed into the bedroom and muttered something about me otherwise “smelling like a sumo-wrestler’s armpit”.  
The following year I made yet another blunder. 
She had been talking all year about wanting to see Hamilton, the award-winning Broadway show. 
So, I bought her a ticket. 
Unfortunately, I only bought her one ticket. I mean, who wants to watch a bunch a guys prancing around, overacting and singing?
She screamed, “You expect me to go all the way to New York City to see the show on my own like some loser who doesn’t have friends? Or a loving husband?”
I wanted to say yes. 
The thing is, I always make trips to Las Vegas on my own - although that’s because “going solo” in Vegas has other benefits that I can’t go into detail about here. 
The next year, in act of desperation, I bought her a new vacuum cleaner. 
She threw it through the living room window. 
She’s just not practical! 
We needed a new vacuum because the old one was broken and she’s the one who predominantly used it - my chores, for the record include emptying the trash, catching spiders, maintaining our cars, and keeping the yard tidy. 
So, after her tantrum was over, we still needed a new vacuum, plus now a new windowpane as well. 
I’ve thought about getting her clothes, but I have no idea what her size it, what colors she likes, or what kind of clothes suit her. 
Last year, in a heated exchange she yelled, “Think! What do you think I would look good in?”
I erred and said, “A body bag?”
She stayed at her mother’s that weekend.  
I am at my wits end. 
I've asked her what she wants but she just says, "Surprise me!" 
Everything with her is a test. 
Any suggestions you can make would be gratefully received. 
I'm worried another mistake on my behalf will mean I'm going to lose her. 

Ken

Vixen responds:

You bought her sexy underwear? 
Wait, is that the phone? Excuse me. 
Oh, it’s for you, Ken, it’s the 1950s and 60s saying they no longer exist, and that sexual pleasure isn’t just for guys anymore! 
What were you thinking? 
Have you tried putting on a Victoria’s Secret floral embroidery bra, panty and garter belt combo? 
Don’t answer that, but…
It. Takes. Forever. 
Trust me.
It’s like having a second job. 
As a hooker.  
What you need to ask yourself, sober and in all seriousness, is: what do women want? 
The answer is simple. 
They want to be listened to. 
And not to be thought of as crazy. 
Now, you don’t need me to tell you that listening is a heck of a lot of work. 
I mean, no man has time for that shit. 
Not when there is a cornucopia of ball-scratching, sports-watching, masturbation and bromanship to occupy your time with. 
Did you know a man thinks of sex every seven sec…?
Sorry, lost my train of thought there for a moment. 
Where was I? 
Oh yes, a unique and thoughtful Christmas present for your wife. 
I’ve got it! Why don’t you give her something she’s never had before? 
An orgasm. 
Did you now, a recent survey suggests that 10-15% of women have never had an orgasm? 
What do you think the equivalent statistic is for men? I haven’t done the math myself, but I’m guessing zero. 
Men really are the worst. 
Why more women don’t try lesbianism, I have no idea. Is it the flat shoes? Is it the au naturel body hair? We’ll never know. 
Yes, the perfect gift for your wife would be a night of selfless lovemaking on you part. And if you’re not up to it, there are plenty of escort services available online for “the discerning lady” in your life. 
You could even watch, although that might not be good for your self-esteem and would cost extra. 
Another idea would be to give your wife a near death experience. 
I hear there are companies, much like adventure travel agents, who you can pay to stage a home invasion and kidnapping for a friend or loved one. 
To the recipient it feels totally authentic. Then, after a day or two of genuinely fearing for their life, they are released and let in on the prank. 
It sounds amazing. 
Just think of the adrenaline pulsing through her veins. Think how high her heart rate might go. 
That kind of a gift beats any day at a theme park or a tandem parachute jump. 
And if you’re lucky, something will go wrong, and they might actually kill her. 
It would be an “accident”, of course, but it’s a possibility.  
Because let’s be honest, isn’t that what you really want? 
When you say, “I'm worried another mistake on my behalf will mean I'm going to lose her,” do you really mean it? 
You want to lose her, Ken, don’t you? 
You might not realize it, but subconsciously you have been trying to drive her away for years with this cavalcade of inappropriate Christmas gifts. 
If that is the case, I have a host of ideas slightly less illegal than murder, that could help you get rid of your wife. 
Does she have a rabbit you can boil and then gift wrap? That would do it. 
Nothing says, “I don’t give a fuck about you or your selfish desire to be loved and understood at Christmas,” like a lucky rabbit’s foot key ring, made from Fluffy, her erstwhile pet bunny. 
She would leave you, Ken. 
And the good news is she’ll leave the TV behind when she goes.  
Alternatively, you could try driving your wife insane. Christmas is the perfect time. It’s stuffed full of work and family pressures. 
Play with her, Ken. 
Steal her favorite shoes in October and then give them to her giftwrapped, on Christmas Day, pretending you have never seen them before. 
When she protests and accuses you of foul play, suggest that she see a shrink. 
After that, the next step would be marriage counselling. Then it’s just a hop, skip and a jump to the divorce court. 
My bill is in the mail. 
You’re welcome.

###

Dear Vixen,

You would think that as Santa’s most famous reindeer – the one with a song named after him and a famously glowing nose – that by now I would have earned the respect of the other reindeer in Santa’s pack. 
This is sadly not the case. 
Truth be told, I am still ridiculed for my distinguished snout -  despite it having saved at least one Christmas. 
Let me repeat that: I. Saved. Christmas.
What other reindeer can say that? None!
Nevertheless, they ignore this and continue to treat me like an outsider. 
They shun me. 
I’m “too young”, “too inexperienced”, I’m not a “team player”, I should “get a nose job” and “a personality transplant” while I’m at it. 
I am still not allowed to play in any reindeer games. 
That gets me the most. 
If it weren’t for all the happy children who joyously sing my name every winter, this kind of bullying would get me down. 
I don’t want to let my oppressors win, but part of me wants to just cut their negativity out of my life and move on. 
I confess to have thought about quitting the pack and moving to Hollywood. The agents down there said movie studios would love me. 
They say I could be a superstar. 
Aside from the obvious films about Christmas Eve that I could be cast in, one agent has brought up the idea of me playing a reindeer secret spy, a zombie reindeer, a reindeer with superpowers and  - with enough make-up and prosthetics - a horse in virtually any cowboy film a movie producer might wish to make.  
It’s very tempting. 
They say it would be a great way to give back to all the children of the world. 
I’m not sure I can do it though. 
When I think about leaving, I remember my commitment to Santa and how much he would need me if ever there’s bad weather again on Christmas Eve. 
He needs me. 
And that is why I stay, and why I put up with the name-calling, avoiding, and the mean tricks.
I once woke up to find someone had used a black sharpie to draw dots all over my nose while I was sleeping. 
It took about five hours of snickering and references to swarms of giant ladybirds invading the North Pole before I finally caught on found a mirror. 
What should I do? 
I just want to help Santa, and make friends with the other reindeer in the pack. 
Is there anything I can do to win them over?

Rudolph

Vixen responds:

Well, well, well. I knew it wouldn’t be long before a sob story from you arrived in my mailbox. 
Oh, how the mighty have fallen. 
Let’s cut to the chase. 
Do you want to know why the other reindeer don’t like you? 
It’s real simple: because everyone else earned their place in the pack by effort and hard work. 
How did you earn your spot as Santa’s ninth reindeer? You were born with a deformed luminescent nose. 
What did you do to earn that nose? Nothing. 
You’re not strong or quick. You don’t have a work ethic. You’re just like Michael Phelps with his giant flipper feet, except that at least Phelps put his time in at the pool. 
When it comes down to it, you’re just the reindeer equivalent of LED headlights, except that at least they wouldn’t slow us down. 
And they can be powered down when they’re not needed. 
Do you want to know something else? You joining us was only meant to be for one night! 
How did one night turn into a lifelong place in Santa’s pack? Do you know how rare it is to have fog covering the whole fucking world? 
Every city on every continent? 
And for that freak weather to occur, without warning, on Christmas Eve! 
Basically, Rudolf, you’re like a one-night stand who won’t go away. You were the guy, or girl, that gets fucked out of curiosity, but who you would never want to admit to sleeping with, never introduce to any of your friends, and who gets passed off as your “visiting cousin” to anyone that saw you in public together.
As Andy Warhol predicted, you got your fifteen minutes of fame, but following that brief and undeserved time in the spotlight, you should have returned to the fringes of society. 
You didn’t. 
You stayed, like a bad smell, a bad taste or bad breath. 
You have halitosis by the way. 
That’s why we put you at the front of the pack, so your mouth isn’t directly pointed at the rest of us.
Hollywood wants to make you a star, do they? You make me sick. 
Take the money then, I dare you. 
Try riding ours and Santa’s coattails all the way to the bank with your little kiss-and-tell story.
See where it gets you. 
You’ll be broke and offering free blowjobs on the corner of Hollywood and Vine before you can say, “talentless, short-antlered juvenile.” 
The only films you’ll ever be cast in are viewable exclusively on OnlyFans.com. 
Even then you’ll just be a novelty prop. Like that horse in the Mr. Hands video from the mid-2000s.  
We were pulling Santa’s sleigh while you were still sucking on your mother’s teat, in whatever slum it was you were born. 
Impersonation – that’s the essence of what you’re doing; cashing in on a brand you had no role in building. 
What’s another word for that? Oh, that’s right: theft. 
The phrase “criminal” also comes to mind.  
But you enjoy the limelight. 
You know what I heard the other day? Light-emitting noses lose their luminescence as the animal in question gets older. 
Especially once they finally go through puberty. 
What will you do then? What’s your back up plan, huh? 
If all else fails, I suppose you could dye your fur black and white and be one of those donkeys in Tijuana that the tourists have their photos taken with, thinking they are zebras. 
Alternatively, there are innovative clubs in Bangkok where you could get intimate on stage with some of the locals after they have finished their ping pong routine. 
Quit thinking you’re the star of the show and realize that you are just one tiny dot of light in an otherwise brilliant constellation.
And buy some breath mints. 








14 CAROL SINGERS COME IN THE NIGHT


(to the tune of We Three Kings of Orient Are, composed in 1863)

Carol-singers come in the night
Lock your doors and turn off the light
Screeching, groaning, whining, moaning
Neighbors and pets take fright

  Oh, Martin Peel’s a software geek
  Works alone at home each week
  Loud and shaming, serenading 
  Every stranger that he meets

One young couple find themselves trapped
They ran in to a cul-de-sac
Begging, pleading, ear drums bleeding
All they can do is clap

  Oh, Laura Jones takes one deep breath
  Overweight and stone-cold deaf
  Lungs of iron, like a siren
  Sings like she’s on crystal meth

Mrs. Smith has made a mistake
Ventured out to close the front gate
Damning, glaring, cursing, swearing
Forced to accept her fate

  Oh, Margaret Sumner used to smoke
  Gets mistaken for a “bloke”
  New age nomad, sounds like she’s had
  Gasoline poured down her throat

Grandpa Brown in his chair does rock
Sees them come and lets out a cough
Blanking, scoffing, TV-watching
Hearing aid turned to “off”

  Oh, Paul Delaney walks along
  Stumbles through a festive song
  Energetic, but dyslexic
  Every other word is wrong

Walter hides behind a tall fence
Peering out his gaze is intense
Wincing, aiming, firing, maiming
Shoots two in self-defense

  Little Ben makes his approach
  Stutters like he’s seen a ghost
  Like a relic, so angelic
  Mums and Dads fear the most

Here is how the moral goes
If you can’t sing, don’t: it shows.
Please remember next December
Or you’ll get the garden hose.







15 WINTER PLAY


Dear Principal, 

I am writing to formally complain about the school’s recent school production, “Winter Play”. 
To this end, I note that the production was staged in the exquisite Sedgeworth Theater, named after my late father, in honor of a rather generous donation he made to your once noble institution. 
I remember how proud he was the day the plaque was unveiled.
 Well, let me tell you, he would be spinning in his grave right now - had we not had him cremated and then scattered his ashes on the putting green of the eighteenth hole of the Pine Valley Golf Club.
Where should I start? 
Let’s begin with the title: “Winter Play”. 
The performance, baffling as it was, more or less told a bastardized (no pun intended) version of the birth of Our Lord Jesus Christ. 
As such, why not call it The Nativity? 
When did we become so politically correct that we cannot recount the birth of Christ without pandering to the loony left? 
These day’s it’s all “Merry Winterfest” and “Happy Holidays”. 
This has to stop. 
Christmas is about the birth of Christ, no matter what the Jews says about it being “so close” to Hannukah. 
Did they get to you? Or was it the socialists? 
Quite frankly, this is the start of a very slippery slope towards atheism and anarchy. 
As the principal of the most prestigious school in New Jersey, it is up to you to put the brakes on this decline in our society’s moral fabric.  
Even before I took my seat, I was suspicious about what lay in store. That new teacher from California - the blonde one who took over the Theater Studies department last Fall - greeted me and asked me if I wanted  a glass of non-alcoholic mulled wine and some vegan nut loaf. 
Had I consumed any, I would surely have choked on them during the performance! 
I am all for imaginative retellings of the birth of Christ, but this one went too far. 
Act one started well enough, with us being introduced to Mary. Then, in the space of the first five minutes we were told that Mary was a rape victim survivor, a lesbian, and in a committed same-sex relationship with Josephina, a sales assistant at Home Depot. 
In Act two, Mary gave birth to Jesus, who despite being mere minutes-old, informed everyone in the cattle shed that “she” was transgender and would henceforth be known as Jessie. 
Just then, John the Baptist, Mohammed and Buddha turned up to bless the child and were cheered on by all the farmyard animals: three sheep, two sacred cows, four paraquets, a giraffe, two octopi, a dragon, an alien, a tyrannosaurus rex, a unicorn sporting a rainbow-striped tank top, Humpty Dumpty, Little Bow Peep, a cop, a native American, an army soldier, a biker, a construction worker and a cowboy. 
I know that, due to modern class sizes, we have to invent characters so that every child has a role in the school’s nativity but in my day, it was three Magi, a few shepherds, some angels and the kind of animals one could expect to be served for dinner on Sundays. 
What was Mohammed doing at the birth of Christ? 
Ignoring the fact that Islam is a violent religion incompatible with democracy and modern living, Mohammed wasn’t born until almost 600 years after Jesus was born! 
Conversely, Buddha (if he even existed) was born six hundred years before Christ! 
Even ignoring these anachronisms, the fact is we should not be grooming children to become suicide-vest-wearing members of the Taliban, or worse, tree-hugging pacifists! 
Do you think America won the Cold War through pacifism? I think not. It was by the blood sacrifice of generations of God-fearing young men from the Midwest who fought for their country’s freedom. 
Kids have to know what is wrong and what is right, so that they can pick up a gun and shoot what’s wrong when commanded to do so.
It’s as simple as that. 
Now let us talk about the casting. 
A more precious mother would be writing to you asking why her daughter - Joanne in my case -  did not get a solo.
That is not my principal concern - although if you cannot see her God-given talent, I’m not sure what you are doing running an educational establishment.
No, my complaint concerns the bunch of misfits and delinquents you did choose to showcase.  
Let us start with the young girl you gave the solo to. I believe the teachers and other children refer to her as Nini because her full name in unpronounceable for anyone whose first language isn’t Tagalog. 
She was one of the parakeets. 
Believe it or not, Nini’s lack of range, tone-deafness and limited understanding of English weren’t actually the worst things about her performance. 
Instead, it was her lisp, stutter and braces that turned the front two rows of the auditorium into the equivalent of the Splash Zone at Sea World. 
With hindsight everyone in those rows should have been issued with protective plastic wraps and hats. 
Next, let’s talk about etiquette, shall we? 
Typically, the worst crimes one sees at juvenile productions are the picking of noses and the flicking of boogers (thankfully usually at other children and not at the audience). 
Not so, for your production. 
One of the reasons I am perhaps unsure of the plot of “Winter Play” was that I spent most of the time watching six-year-old Erica Hustings dry humping one of the stable’s supporting beams. 
Of course, she is too young to know what she is doing, but for the love of God, someone should have stopped her from doing it in front of an audience of three hundred adults, which included the local Mayor, Mayoress and the district’s sitting Congressman. 
One didn’t know where to look! At the live child-porn taking place on-stage, or at the shaking set - and in particular at the lantern dangling precariously over Jesus/Jessie’s manger! 
By Act Two, Erica had thankfully been removed from the production and the dangling lantern had been taken down from the rafters and placed safely next to Jesus/Jessie’s manger.
Unfortunately, this is exactly when little Jose Ramos began picking his underwear out of his butt crack. 
That might have been easy enough to ignore had Billy Wilmore, dressed as a unicorn, not minced across the entire stage in order to help him. 
All of these children should have been hidden from view. 
That’s why you cast them as sheep. 
You tell them just to lay down and be still at the back of the barn, while more gifted children – like my Joanne – can more thoughtfully and skillfully retell the salvation of the human race.  
I could go on. Why was Mary a foot taller than Josephina? Why was Jesus/Jessie fully grown at birth? Why pick Lisa Edwards’ daughter for any role when everyone knows she’s a cry baby who wets herself every five minutes – which of course she did, which is why the cowboy fell over at the end of the Second Act when he attempted to lasso one of the escaping octopi. 
And why did the play end with a rendition of YMCA? – although that at least finally explained why seven of the children were dressed like the members of The Village People. 
Why not end with the National Anthem? 
Or the Lord’s Prayer? 
Or a Christmas carol? 
Or better yet, an official apology for the appalling and blasphemous excuse for a Christmas concert that “Winter Play” was?

Yours-in-extreme-disappointment-and-hopeful-for-immediate-changes-in-the-Theater-Studies-department

Mrs. Carol Greene.
(Mother of the very talented Joanne Green).







16 SANTA IN FLIGHT


(to the tune of Silent Night, composed in 1818)

Recently, rather than using their time to find a cure for cancer, a group of scientists instead published a study allegedly proving the non-existence of Santa Claus.
  They calculated that although Santa has 32 hours in which to complete his task of bringing gifts to each good boy and girl in the world – which assumes that he starts at the International Dateline and works his way East to West during the local hours of 10p.m. on Christmas Eve and 6a.m. on Christmas morning – in order to complete his mission he would have to travel so fast, his sleigh would be subject to the same atmospheric conditions as a meteorite or spacecraft entering the Earth’s atmosphere. 
This sounded like a good idea for a song: Santa In Flight.

Choir:

What a sight, Santa in flight
Traveling near the speed of light
Ninety-two mil-li-on stops to be made
Three hundred th-ou-sand tons on his sleigh
Air resistance be cu-rsed
Rudolph gets vaporized first

Then, following publication of the supposed physical impossibility of Santa’s existence, a second group of scientists took time away from perhaps studying global warming to publish a defense of Santa Claus. 
They noted that although humanity has yet to come across a breed of heat-resistant flying reindeer, there remain some 300,000 species on the planet yet to be classified and that, as such, their existence could not be ruled out.
Secondly, they noted the possibility that Santa may use some form of ion shield to protect himself against incineration as he jets about Earth on Christmas Eve.
I remember nothing of the science I learnt at school, so I’ll take their word for it. I do however remember being a child and leaving out a carrot for Rudolph and a piece of pie for Santa, which brings us to our second verse:

Choir:

What a sight, what a guy
Every house leaves out some pie
Claus takes a bite from each one as he leaves
Just over four billion ca-lo-ries
What a great way to go-o
Santa just laughs, yo-ho… blurgh

Santa is presented in popular culture as a fat man with a white beard, dressed in red. It’s possible the beard was once blonde or brown and has merely been discolored by tons icing sugar over the years. 
I cannot imagine however how large a man would be if he consumed four billion calories in one night, even if he did Atkins for the rest of the year.
Anyway, our third and final verse details what I imagine might happen to an unidentified aircraft of considerable mass, traveling at supersonic speed, as it approaches the Eastern coast of the United States:

Choir:

What a sight, airmen take fright
Consoles flash red warning lights
Air wings are scrambled and war is soon waged
Twenty-two Patriot missiles engage
Santa, kiss your ass farewell
You should have used DHL.







17 DEAR VIXEN – PART 4


Tough Love From The North Pole’s Sassiest Therapist

(The Advice Column of The North Pole Gazette)

Dear Vixen, 

I was doing a gig with Santa in a Midwest shopping mall, last week, when one of the little children in line to have their picture taken pulled at the hem of my smock. 
I turned to the child and in my happiest elf voice said, “Are you here to see Santa?”
The young boy replied, “No, I’m here to see the Baby Jesus.”
I was confused, “This is the line for Santa.”
The young boy looked angry, “Then where is the line for Baby Jesus?”
I ignored him, knelt down beside him, and in my happiest elf voice said, “Don’t you want to sit on Santa’s knee and tell him everything you want for Christmas?”
The boy shook his head, “All I want for Christmas is God’s blessing and the promise of eternal life.”
I smiled, “Wouldn’t you prefer a medieval-themed Lego set? Or a trampoline?”
The boy shook his head and glared at me, “You need to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and savior!”
I began to shake a little. My mouth felt dry, and my voice cracked, “You’re remarkably eloquent for a five-year-old.”
The red-faced boy shouted back at me, “I’m almost six!”
I looked up at his mother who shrugged her shoulders, “His father’s an evangelical. We separated years ago, but he still gets to brainwash the kid every other weekend.” 
I grinned uneasily, “I see.”
The boy leaned forward and looked me right in the eyes, “How many elves were there at the birth of Jesus?”
I improvised, “Two. We were behind the oxen.”
The boy snapped, “Liar!”
I countered, “Not true! We’re just short, so we tend to go unnoticed.”
The boy pointed at me and firmly stated: “There were no elves at the birth of Jesus. Or penguins. Or reindeer. Santa is a fraud! You’re all the work of the Devil and you’re all going to Hell unless you repent!”
I took a deep breath and smiled, “Would you like a candy cane?”
He didn’t.
It wasn’t until later in the day that it hit me. We were packing up the fake trees and makeshift grotto when the boy’s words popped back into my head; how many elves were there at the birth of Jesus? 
The bible does not mention any. 
Adrenaline welled up inside me; there are no elves mentioned in the bible at all! 
Was my version of Christmas all a lie? 
Was I just a figment of my own imagination? 
Did Jesus die for my sins or just for human sins? 
Why is there no mention of elves being in Heaven? There are plenty of angels and cherubs, but not one mention of a happy smiling elf on the other side of the pearly white gates. 
Do they not celebrate Christmas in Heaven? 
How do the kids in heaven get their presents at Christmas time?
As my head spun faster and faster… I realized I was having an existential crisis. 
That’s why I’m writing to you. You always give such good advice, I’m sure you can easily put my mind at ease by telling me the answer to this apparent contradiction between doctrine and tradition?

Yours in anticipation

Merry the Elf.

Vixen responds:

Merry, thank you so much for your letter. You’re not the first resident of the North Pole to write to me on these matters. Many a reindeer, elf, robin redbreast, talking snowman, and polar bear has written to me over the years on the same subject.
I count three questions. 
I will answer each in turn. 
Let us start with who is/was Jesus and what the fuck does he have to do with Christmas? 
I’m pleased to tell you that the answer is short, sweet, and simple: nothing. 
Jesus Christ has nothing to do with Christmas.  
He’s a has-been, a do-gooder who had his time, and has since been eclipsed in popularity by the likes of John Lennon, Princess Diana and Michelle Obama.
In fact, show me a miracle that Jesus is said to have performed that David Blane or David Copperfield haven’t since bettered?
Jesus fed five thousand people with some fish and some bread? Sounds like a bad meal to me, but big deal! David Copperfield made the Statue of Liberty disappear!
Jesus walked into the desert and stayed there for 40 days and 40 nights being tempted by the Devil? Amateur! David Blane spent 44 days in a glass box hanging from a crane over London’s River Thames, being taunted by, and having to wave to, members of Britain’s working class on their way to and from work each day. 
Who had it harder? 
In summary, the only things linking Jesus Christ and Christmas are five consonants and one vowel.
To be fair, that was not always the case. 
Various churches and Christian organizations have, at times, tried to claim rights to Christmas - based on a misplaced association with their founder - all to no avail. 
A famous legal case ended up settling the matter. 
Jesus Christ vs Santa Claus reached the U.S. Supreme Court in the Spring of 1953, roughly five months after Jimmy Boyd topped the billboard chart with “I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus.” 
The Christians - represented in court by Mississippi’s Hattiesburg Church of Resurrection, Incest, Racism and Bigotry - sued North Pole Records - Boyd’s erstwhile record label - for breach of trademark, breach of copyright, theft of trade secrets, slander, libel, making the archbishop turn red with anger and spill his tea… and blasphemy. 
North Pole records, which unbeknown to the bible-thumpers was majority owned by Santa Claus Inc., counter-sued for defamation, bringing a frivolous lawsuit, boring Sunday church services, bad fashion sense, hypocrisy, never having paid a single cent of tax to the Federal or state governments despite basically operating as corporations… and acting as a monopoly. 
It was a long, drawn-out case, that Santa Claus Inc. and North Pole records eventually won based on two pivotal factors in the case: 
1) When the defense asked to call “God” as a witness, the Hattiesburg Church of Resurrection, Incest, Racism and Bigotry were unable to provide him and… 
2) Since Jesus said, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me,” the judge was particularly sympathetic to North Pole Records’ monopoly argument, decreeing that “a competitive market in the matter of life-after-death was in the best interests of everyone”. 
Thus, in his judgment, he handed over all rights to Christmas to Santa Claus, Inc., securing the livelihoods and wellbeing of every magical Christmas character, and ensuring special and memorable Christmases for each and every child in the world forever.
Turning to you next question: are there Elves in Heaven? 
Of course, there are. Did you learn nothing at Elf Sunday School?
Most people know the story of creation as told in the Bible. 
On the first day God created light and dark. On the second day he created the sky. 
On the third day he created plants and trees and the seas. 
On the fourth day he created the stars, moon and sun. 
On the fifth day he created birds and fish. 
On the sixth day he created dogs and cats and people. 
Then he fell asleep on the seventh day because he was exhausted. 
Most people don’t know the rest of the story.
When God awoke on the eighth day of creation, he was famished and wanted a snack. So, he created light and dark chocolate and became sick from eating so much. Then he created junk food and takeout because he figured “what the heck” his diet was already ruined so he might as well make it his “cheat day”.
On the ninth day, he created Santa Claus and, realizing Santa would need someone to keep him warm during the cold North Pole nights, created Mrs. Claus out of some leftover baby back ribs.
On the tenth day, God created snowflakes, elves and glitter. Some speculate this is because he had consumed some odd-looking mushrooms that had sprung up next to day three’s plants and trees. 
He was also found clinging on to a tree for dear life and when asked why he said it was because he “…didn’t want to fall off the world…” and was worried “… the pink dragon was angry at him for eating the last slice of pizza.”
On the eleventh day, God created trade unions. 
This is because the elves were already unhappy with their individual employment contracts with Santa, which they likened to slavery, and demanded something called “collective bargaining.” 
On the twelfth day the elves were still unhappy, so God created the minimum wage, which he set at a level high enough to keep the elves above the poverty line, but low enough that they would never been able to afford to live in California. 
On the thirteenth day he created sandals.
Finally, on the fourteenth day he created mojitos and weed because he needed something to take his mind off the fact that, by creating most of the world in seven days and then resting, he had inadvertently created Mondays… and he now had a case of the Sunday Scaries.
No one remembers much after that.
Lastly, you ask how many elves were at the birth of Jesus Christ? 
The answer is easy: none. 
Why? Because Jesus was born on Christmas Day and, having worked all winter - making toys for all the children of the world - the elves were exhausted, and had left the North Pole for a well-deserved summer vacation in Cancun.
In summary, Merry: you is smart, you is kind and you is important. 
Now get back to work you lazy excuse for an elf. Do you think those toy trains paint themselves?

###

Dear Vixen,

I have been the victim of an elaborate kidnapping and I need your help to get me back to where I belong: San Diego.
Currently, I am in the North Pole. 
Ridiculous, right? You might think that would be a good place for a polar bear like me to be, but that is absolutely not where I am meant to be. 
Two weeks ago, I had my own spacious exhibit in the world-famous San Diego Zoo and life was peachy. 
I had lots of toys to play with, my own swimming pool, I was greeted daily by hordes of admiring, camera-wielding humans, I was hand-fed buckets of delicious fish by the zookeepers, and I had sex-on-tap in the form of Penelope, the best looking female polar bear in the zoo. 
Penelope was also the only female polar bear in the zoo, but I didn’t let that bother me. 
Best of all, San Diego Zoo’s polar bear breeding program was intensive. 
Like it was intense!
But then I was kidnapped. 
Or rather bearnapped.  
One moment I was playing coy with some human children - “No, I’m not photo-ready. I’ve just woken up from a nap! No, my fur it all matted. Oh, alright than, if you insist! Make sure you get my good side. Who am I kidding? They’re both my good side! Look I’m a wild animal!” Growl, growl, growl. Claw, claw, claw. Adoration, adoration, adoration. You get the idea. 
Then, before you can say, “tranquilizer-dart-in-the-back-of-the-neck,” I was hogtied, stuck in a giant container with barely enough breathing holes, airlifted out of the zoo, and flown here, a.k.a. a giant wasteland of nothing but snow and ice. 
There has to have been a mistake, and I demand to speak to whoever is in charge.
Where are the crowds? 
Where am I supposed to sleep? 
Most importantly: how do I order room service, what is the password for the damned Wi-Fi, and why is it so fucking cold all of the time?
 Someone needs to inform maintenance, pronto, because the heating system here is clearly broken. 
I think the lights are going too. 
It’s getting darker here every day.  
Above all, I am famished. I got so hungry the other day I ate snow. 
What else am I supposed to do? It’s not like I can catch my own food. 
That’s barbaric. 
If I have to catch and kill my own food every day, I’d rather be vegetarian. But, of course, there aren’t any vegetables up here! 
It’s all just snow, ice, icy snow and… well, you get the idea.
Then there are the “locals”, if you can truly call a polar bear you have to swim twelve miles to in frigid waters a local. 
They. 
Are. 
Savages.
I confess to feeling horny the other day when all of a sudden, my Spidey-senses began tingling, informing me there was a potential mate a few miles to the east of me. 
Well, by the time I swam there, it was as if I had taken a month’s worth of cold showers! 
In addition, after hours of being plunged into bitter ice-cold water, my male-polar-bear-bits had shrunk to the size of a koala bear’s. 
And I was a grower, not a shower, to begin with! 
Even if I had still had the urge when I finally climbed out of the ocean, the female in question was all: “Did you bring me a gift? Is it fish? Are you going to fight me? Let me hear you roar. Why are you out of breath, you only swam twelve miles? Actually, I think there’s another male about fifty miles that way, who I think comes from more hardy stock. I’m going to save myself for him. Or maybe the two of you can fight to the death over me? That sounds fun. Let’s do that.”
What. 
A. 
Psycho.
I cannot stay here. I’ve heard rumors of other zoo animals being “returned to the wild”, which of course might make sense if you were being “returned” to somewhere warm. 
If they had sent me to Mauritius, I dare say I would be singing a different tune - perhaps one accompanied by a ukulele or steel drums. 
But who in their right mind would live in the North Pole? 
No human in his right mind would live here. That’s why there’s no native population! 
Plus, how can I be returned to somewhere I’ve never been or have no recollection of ever having been?
If someone doesn’t fix this, I will sue. 

Yours, freezing my nuts off

Percy the Polar Bear

Vixen responds:

Dear Percy, 

I feel for you, I really do. Tell me, have you considered changing professions and becoming a flying reindeer? Because then you could just fly back to San Diego whenever you felt like it. 
And you could avoid all that swimming. 
No? 
Fine, have it your way. 
Let me break this to you gently: you’re fucked. 
There are no regular flights out of the North Pole to anywhere. We’re not really on the “travel map” up here. 
That’s why Santa likes it so much. He and his elves can work away all year, uninterrupted, prepping for Christmas Eve.
Instead, the best thing I can do for you is offer you some perspective. Namely, let’s think together about all the ways that the North Pole is better than San Diego. 
Let’s start with, “in the North Pole, you need never worry about being sucked into the porn industry.” 
Can the same be said for San Diego? 
No, it cannot. 
San Diego is to the porn industry what Los Angeles is to mediocre daytime dramas. 
It may be sunny every day of the year in San Diego - never too hot, never too cold - but behind every sun-kissed, leafy palm, is a man or woman earning below minimum wage (or a twenty-something buckling under a mountain of student debt) blowing some other hapless individual on camera for a crisp $20. 
$50 if they’re prepared to swallow. 
A typical day in San Diego starts with brunch – the waiter has done porn. 
Might be followed by a stroll along the beach – the lifeguard has done porn. 
Some shopping in an open-air mall – all the retail workers have done porn. 
Lunch at a fashionable bistro – used the previous night as a location to shoot porn. 
Some hiking in the afternoon – every hiker you meet on the trail has done porn or knows someone who has done porn. 
Dinner with some friends – they either film porn, direct porn, have dated a porn star, or fluff the “models” during the timeouts needed to avoid leg cramp. 
San Diego is so synonymous with porn that the local’s favorite burger joint is “In and Out”. 
The locals will tell you that “salty fishy smell” in the air during May and June is the marine layer, but it’s not. 
Here in the North Pole, you have no such worries. Here, your dignity cannot be bought. 
The next advantage that the North Pole has over San Diego is a lower risk of skin cancer. 
Well, technically that’s not entirely true, but it’s certainly lower in winter. 
In Autumn and Winter, you will be protected from the sun’s dangerous ultraviolet rays by the fact that it’s dark for 24 hours a day, 163 days in a row. 
The bad news is, it’s 24-hour sunshine for another 187 days. 
So, I hope you packed some factor 1000 sunblock and remember to reapply every few hours or so.
The remaining 15 days are perfect however, with beautiful sunsets and sunrises. 
You won’t be able to enjoy them though because the light will either appear blinding compared to the five months of darkness you just experienced, or blurred because your corneas have been scorched from six months of endless sunshine. 
What’s next? Oh yes, all that swimming. 
Yes, it seems like a lot of effort right now, just to catch a fish, or just to meet some ungrateful potential mate who would rather wrestle with you than “wrestle” with you, but look on the bright side: think of all the cardio you’re going to be getting. 
You are going to have a summer body to die for. 
Imagine what Penelope is going to think - if you ever see her again - when she gets a look at your “revenge body”. 
You’ll be down to a 30-inch waist faster than you can say “who’s stupid idea was it to live life like an Olympic triathlete?”
Talking about endless night – which I was before we got on to all the weight you’re going to lose – have I got an awesome concept to share with you: hibernation. 
Remember all those days in San Diego Zoo when you really didn’t want to get out your cave and greet all those ungrateful snotty, obese children? 
Remember how all you wanted to do was stay in bed? 
Well, now you can! 
For five months! 
You are going to love it! 
Ever had a vitamin B12 injection? This is like that on steroids. 
You are going to wake up feeling like a billion dollars – albeit also slightly famished because you won’t have eaten for almost half a year. 
One quick tip for hibernation in the North Pole however: don’t fall asleep on a thin piece of the iceshelf.
You only make that mistake once. 
No one likes to be woken from a deep winter’s sleep by the sound of cracking of ice and being plunged into frigid waters. 
If you really cannot stand the Arctic cold however, I have awesome news for you in the form of global warming! That’s right, because thanks to mankind’s self-destructive nature, ability for self-deception, and utter stupidity, your winter wonderland is about to become the new French Riviera, faster than you can say “where are all the wrinkly humans going to live once Florida is underwater?”
So, pick a shady spot, preferably one that’s currently about 10-15 feet above sea level, and wait it out. 
In next to no time, you’ll be sitting under a parasol enjoying the warmer climate you’re used to, while humanity fights over the few remaining scraps of fertile land available to grow food. 
What’s that? You can’t wait that long? 
I have another idea then. 
My advice would be to do something clever with that homing beacon they’ve tagged to your left ear. 
Consider attaching it to a seagull or a killer whale, something that will arouse suspicion and force them to come out here and look for you. 
Then, once they have landed and the search party has moved sufficiently far away from the helicopter, jump inside, start up the rotors and fly yourself out of here to the nearest international airport. 
Which is probably Reykjavik. 
While you wait for a flight back to San Diego, treat yourself to something tasty from Starbucks as a reward for a cunning plan, well-hatched.  
I’ve heard the male baristas are tastier than their female counterparts.
They tend to be meatier and a lot less crunchy.








18 YOU CAN’T COOK


(to the tune of Hark The Herald Angels Sing, composed in 1739)

Why on Earth did we condone
Hosting Christmas at your home?
When we did, we overlooked 
The simple fact that you can’t cook:
Turkey that’s still cold and raw
Gravy that’s too thick to pour
Cranberry sauce that looks like blood
Petit pois with lumps of mud
Brussels sprouts disguised as slime
Phone for help while there’s still time

Runner beans that taste like rope
Carrots that will make you choke
Sausages wrapped-up in ham
Taste like lard inside of spam
Cabbage that is limp and wet
Jell-O that has failed to set
Prawn cocktail served up lukewarm
Watch the salmonella spawn
Open wide and say a prayer
Have some seconds if you dare

Father may not make it through
Cousin Jimmy’s turning blue
Maggie tried a Brussels sprout
Popped it in and spat it out
Uncle Pete lies on the floor
Grandma’s waiting by the door
Off she goes to find a cure
Will they live? Who knows for sure?
Peace on Earth, goodwill to men
At least you won’t be asked again.







19 AMERICAN NATIVITY


Mary sat on the toilet and sighed, “Fuck my life.”
She looked down again at the pregnancy test she held in her right hand. 
Why hadn’t she bought a model that used colors to determine the result; say, blue if you weren’t pregnant, and pink if you were? That at least would have left some room for ambiguity. 
Unfortunately, Mary had chosen a brand that simply stated ‘Pregnant’ or ‘Not Pregnant’ on a small liquid crystal display.
She looked at the tiny little screen and silently read her fate: “You’re fucked.” Technically it actually read ‘pregnant’, but in this instance the two phrases were synonymous. 
Just then, Charlene, Mary’s sister, shouted through the bathroom door, “How much longer are you going to be in there? I’m dying for a pee.”
Mary barked back, “I’m taking a dump, go away!” 
Shaking her head, Charlene limped off in the direction of their kitchen. It wasn’t far away, since the trailer they lived in was modest. As she undid the buttons on her jeans, she called back, “Make sure you light a candle afterwards!”
A thought entered Mary’s mind, “Don’t you dare pee in the kitchen sink either, you skank!”
Five minutes passed.
Mary exited the bathroom and exhaled, “It’s all yours.”
Charlene shrugged, “It’s okay… I don’t need to go anymore.”
Mary looked at her, then at the kitchen sink, “You didn’t…”
Charlene shook her head violently, but unconvincingly, “No, the urge just, like … left me.”
Mary sighed and held up the pregnancy test, “I’m pregnant.”
Charlene initially looked happy, then quizzical. “Do you know who the father is?”
Mary shook her head, “No.”
Charlene thought for another second, “Do you know what color it is going to be?”
Mary groaned, “No.”
Charlene’s innocent smile returned, “Well, that’ll be a nice surprise then, won’t it?”
Mary’s mood brightened, “I guess. Although, difficult to explain to Joe if it comes out not looking like him.”
A lightbulb switched on inside Charlene’s head, “Oh yeah, Joe’s here by the way! He came over while you were in the toilet. He’s in the living room.”
Mary gave her sister a look that might have killed her, were she not already braindead, “Why the fuck didn’t you tell me?” She hid the pregnancy test in her jean pocket and walked to the other end of the trailer.
Charlene looked confused, “I just did.”

###

Joe winked at his girl as Mary approached the sofa, “Alright, babe?”
Mary looked back at him. There was a ketchup stain on Joe’s white tank top, “Did you eat already? I thought we were gonna get Taco Bell?”
Joe nodded, “Had to, babe. I was starving.”
Mary slouched on the couch next to him, “Well, what am I going eat?”
Joe let out a snigger and grabbed his crotch “I got something for you, right here.”
Mary rolled her eyes, “I’m serious. Drive us to Sonic. I’ll get a burger and you can get a shake.”
Joe liked that idea, “Anything for my baby girl.”
Mary kissed him, “I’ve got news by the way.”
Joe perked up, “Yeah? So have I.”
Mary gestured to him, “You go first then.”
Joe reached into his jean pocket, “I got two letters in the mail.”
Mary smiled, “Yeah? Who are they from?”
Joe shook his head, “I don’t know. I’ve never been one for reading.”
Mary held out her hand, “Do you want me to read them for you?
Joe smiled, “Awww, would you, babe?”
Mary took the letters from him and opened the first, “It’s from your doctor.” She paused. “It’s about your sperm count.”
A dirty look enveloped Joe’s face, “Yeah? What does it say? Am I breaking records as well as bedframes?”
Mary broke his news, “It says your infertile owing to a long period of untreated chlamydia.”
Joe looked glum, “It’s still a mystery to me how I managed to get chlamydia. You’re the only girl I’ve ever been with.”
Mary smiled awkwardly, “I’ve heard you can pick it up off door handles.”
Joe nodded haplessly, “Oh, well that makes sense then.”
Mary considered her options, “How’s you dad doing, Joe?”
A wave of sadness fell on Joe, “Not good. They say he only has a few more weeks to live.”
Mary looked comically sad, “Babe, I’m so sorry. Still, if he does pass away, you’ll at least inherit the farm, the grocery store and the oil well, right?”
Joe shrugged, “I’d give up all of that to keep my dad, babe.”
Mary nodded, “I know, babe. I’m just saying at least there’s a silver lining.”
Joe sighed, “I guess.”
Mary considered her next words carefully, “Do you believe in miracles, Joe?”
Joe took a moment to consider his religious beliefs, “Never really thought about it to be honest.”
Mary inched closer to him and put her arm around him, “Thing is, Joe… I’m pregnant.”
Joe gasped, “With a baby?”
Mary decided to be very specific, “Yes. With your baby, Joe.”
Joe was confused, “What’s that got to do with miracles?”
Mary spelt it out for him, “Because you’re infertile. Remember the letter I just read? You must have used your last live shot to put a baby in my belly.” 
Joe was flabbergasted, “Well… talk about a stroke of luck!”
Mary smiled broadly, “Right?
Joe held out his hand and touched her stomach, “I’m going to be a daddy?”
Mary smacked her lips, “Yeah. Thing is, Joe, I don’t want to have a baby with you unless we’re married. So, since we’re not, I was thinking of just flushing it down the u-bend.”
Joe was horrified and pleaded with her, “No, babe. I’d love to raise this child with you. Of course, I’ll marry you!”
Mary balked at the lack of ceremony, “Then you need to propose to me, Joe.”
Joe urgently looked around, then pulled off one of the rings from his keychain. He got off of the sofa and bent down on one knee, “My beautiful Mary, will you marry me?”
Mary held out her hand for him to place the keyring on her finger, “I will.” She watched him fumble for a few moments, “It goes on the fourth finger, Joe. No, fourth. From the other end.”
Joe looked up at her and grinned, “It’s perfect.”
Mary corrected him, “It will do for now, but you’re buying me a proper ring when we next go to the mall. With diamonds. Now, about the wedding, we should have it soon. What are you doing this weekend?”
Joe screwed up his face, “I’d love to get married quickly, babe, but we have to go to Bethlehem.”
Mary looked confused, “Arabia?”
Joe shook his head, “Nah, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.”
Mary was thrown, “Why the fuck do we have to go there?”
Joe pointed to the letter she hadn’t opened, “It says so in there. My brother got one too. It’s for the census the Federal government does every ten years.”
Mary ripped open the second letter, “I don’t want to go all the way to Pennsylvania for some stupid census.”
Joe shrugged, “We have to, babe, it’s the law.”
Mary eyed him with suspicion, “You don’t give a fuck about the law. I met you two weeks after you were released from prison.”
Joe became flustered, “I told you before, babe, I was framed”
Mary corrected him, “You were the getaway driver for a bank robbery, Joe. Or you would have been if you hadn’t shown up on the wrong day.”
Joe insisted, “We are going to Bethlehem, Mary. I’m your husband. Or I will be.”
Mary threw up her arms, “OK, Sherlock, how the hell are we going to get there? I can’t fly, I’m pregnant.”
Joe thought long and hard, “We’ll take the bus.”
Mary closed her eyes, “Jesus Christ.”
Joe wrapped an arm around her, “It’ll be fun, babe. Like a road trip. From the Nazareth Trailer Park in Bakersfield, California, all the way to Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. Me and my Virgin Mary.”
Mary corrected him, “You can’t call me that! Alaskan Airlines phased out the Virgin name when they took us over. Plus, I haven’t set foot on a plane in almost a year, what with the cutbacks.”
Joe grinned, “I know, babe. I just like calling you that because it sounds kinky.”

###

It took them eight months to get to Bethlehem. 
In part, this was because neither Mary nor Joe could read Greyhound Bus’ routes and schedules. 
Another factor was that neither one of them had a particularly strong sense of American geography, which led to a dozen or more wasted weeks traveling in the wrong direction. 
The trip was yet further complicated by Mary’s insistence that they visit her family in Michigan, Dollywood in Tennessee, Disney World in Florida, and Cedar Point amusement park in Ohio, all of which she claimed were, “on the way.” 
None of them were “on the way.” 
When they finally arrived in Bethlehem, it was Christmas Eve, cold and snowing. 
Mary looked ready to burst.   
Joe’s father had died many months before and Mary had been on a spending spree with her husband’s inheritance. 
Mary held her belly with both hands as she and Joe exited the last Greyhound bus, “Thank fuck we’re finally here. OK, where’s the nearest Hilton?”
Joe looked at his phone, “There is no Hilton, babe.”
Mary looked confused, “Don’t be stupid. There isn’t a square mile of America that doesn’t have a Hilton hotel.”
Joe showed her his phone, “I’m telling you, babe, there isn’t one.”
Mary did not like this, “Well, I’m not moving from here until you’ve secured us a decent hotel room. My back is killing me. You try walking around with a bowling ball pressing down on your bladder. I almost peed myself twice on the way here.”
Joe acquiesced, “OK. You wait here, my angel.”
With that, Joe began to make phone calls to the nearest hotels.
But there was no room at the Comfort Inn. 
He tried another, but there was no room at the Quality Inn either. 
With no alternative, he decided to look for an Airbnb. It wasn’t long before he found something, but he wasn’t certain of its suitability.  
Joe sheepishly announced his find, “I’ve found something, babe.”
Mary stood up and stretched, “Thank God for that. Let’s grab an Uber then, my feet are killing me.”
Joe hesitated, “It’s a little rustic.”
Mary shook her head, “I don’t give a fuck. Right now, I’d sleep in a barn.”
That made Joe smile. 
A quick Uber ride and they were there. 
Mary stared open-mouthed at their accommodation, “It’s a fucking barn!”
Joe protested, “You said you’d sleep anywhere! Even in a barn! Those were your exact words!”
Mary grabbed him by his jacket, “It’s just a phrase, Joe. I didn’t fucking mean it.”
Joe smiled uneasily, “Everywhere else was full, babe. It’s Christmas Eve!”
Mary gave up, “Un-fucking-believable. If I give birth in this animal-dumpster tonight, I will slit your throat from ear to ear while you sleep, do you hear me.”
Joe picked up their luggage and followed his heavily pregnant wife into the wooden outbuilding, “Yes, babe. Let’s get you settled down for the night.”

###

A few hours later, Mary woke Joe with a punch to the face, “Wake up! It’s starting.”
Joe, half-asleep and half-dazed, managed a reply, “What’s starting?”
Mary spoke through her contraction, “The fucking baby! It’s coming out!”
Joe was confused, “But you’re not due for two more weeks.”
Mary grabbed his throat, “Then he or she is premature, just like their daddy.”
Joe sprang into action. Or rather non-action, “What can I do?”
Mary gasped, “Have the fucking baby for me?”
Joe laughed nervously, “I can’t do that, babe. Can I?”
Mary wheezed, “Drugs! I need drugs.”
Joe thought hard, “I know a guy in Fresno.”
Mary slapped him across the face, “Not those kind of drugs, you moron. Anesthesia!”
Joe still didn’t get it, “The Disney princess?”
Mary slapped him across the face in the other direction, “I need an epidural!”
Joe finally understood, “Got it. Where would I get one of those from?”
Mary screamed, “Take me to a fucking hospital!”
Joe hesitated, “About that, babe… Do you have health insurance?”
Mary shook her head, “No.”
Joe was confused, “Don’t you get health insurance from the airline?”
Mary grabbed his hand and crushed it in her own, “They fired me, Joe! Fourteen months ago. I meant to tell you, but I could never find the right time.”
Joe winced with pain, “They fired you?”
Mary explained, “They accused me of blowing one of the passengers in first class.”
Joe eyed her, “Did you?”
Mary faked indignancy, “No way! I was just trying to pick up a stray peanut that had fallen into his lap.”
Joe considered her explanation, “With your mouth?”
Mary replied, “I had a trash bag in one hand and a flight-safety card in the other. It was just a misunderstanding. Anyway, we’re going to have to use your insurance.”
Joe turned pale, “I don’t have any, babe.”
Mary turned equally ashen, “What?”
Joe explained, “How else do you think we’ve been able to travel for months on end? I had to quit my job to come with you on this trip.”
Mary thought out loud, “But we still have the money from your inheritance, right? We can pay for a hospital with cash.”
Joe shook his head, “We’ve spent it all, babe.”
Mary grabbed him by the throat once more, “He left you a farm, a grocery store and a fucking oil well!”
Joe choked, “It was only a small oil well, babe. We’ve run through all the money. There’s really none left!”
Mary released her grip and tried to stay calm, “No more money?”
Joe confirmed, “No, babe.”
Mary squinted, “So, I’ll be giving birth tonight in a barn, with no drugs and no medical care.”
Joe smiled, “I’ll be here, babe. I’ll hold your hand.”
Mary softly took one of his hands in hers, brought him close and whispered, “I’m going to break every bone in your left hand, Joe. Just so you know what I’m going through.”
Joe winced, “OK, babe.”
Mary continued, “And when I’m done with your left hand, I’ll move on to the right.”
Joe asked, “Is it really going to be that painful?”
Mary gave him context, “Imagine passing a basketball through the slit of your penis, Joe. Imagine the skin and flesh slowly tearing as you piss and shit yourself because you’re pushing so goddamned hard.”
Joe shook his head, “Sorry, babe. I didn’t know.”
Mary summed up, “It’s the closest a woman gets to death without actually dying.”
Joe nodded, “Are you sure you don’t want me to wait outside, until it’s over?”
Mary smiled maniacally, “Oh, no. You are staying right there.”

###

After twenty, long, blood- , urine-  and feces-filled hours, Mary finally gave birth to a bouncing baby boy. 
As she held their firstborn in her arms, Joe rocked back and forth on the floor, looking every inch like the human-punching-bag he had unwillingly been.
There was a knock at the barn door.
Mary looked up, “Who the fuck is that?”
Joe shook his head, “No idea, babe.”
Mary barked an order at him, “Well, go and see who it is!”
Joe stood up slowly, hobbled over to the barn door, and opened it, “Who the hell are you?”
A shepherd answered him, “We are local shepherds, good sir, come to pay our respects to the Messiah.”
Joe eyed them with suspicion and sniffed, “Are you guys high?”
A second shepherd answered sheepishly, “No...”
A third giggled.
Mary called out, “What do they want?”
Joe shouted back, “It’s a bunch of stoned shepherds. They think one of us in the Messiah.”
Mary’s voice sweetened slightly, “Have they got any left, or did they smoke it all?”
Joe turned back to the shepherds, “Got any gear on you? She’s been through one hell of a night.”
The first shepherd held out his hand, “All we’ve got left are edibles.”
Joe looked down, “What the fuck is that?”
The shepherd explained, “It’s a cannabis muffin.”
Joe nodded, “I can see that, but why is it shaped like a sheep’s face?”
The second shepherd explained, “We’ve got a soft spot for sheep.”
The third shepherd giggled again. 
The first shepherd had a proposal, “We’re willing to share a muffin with your woman, but only if we can stay the night in the barn. We’re freezing our nutsacks off, out here. We won’t be a nuisance.”
Joe looked around. There was plenty of room in the barn. He nodded, “Alright, deal.”
The third shepherd nudged the second who added, “How do you feel about sheep?”
Joe was puzzled, “What do you mean?”
The second shepherd continued, “My friend here would like to bring Edna in with us.”
Joe looked around, but couldn’t see the woman he was referring to.
The second shepherd elaborated, “Edna’s his sheep. His very special sheep.”
The third shepherd turned red. 
Joe looked down and saw a ewe with big eyes looking up at him, “Is she your…”
The second shepherd interrupted, “It’s the love that dare not bleat its name. You got a problem with that?”
Joe was nonchalant, “You’ve got weed, right?”
All three shepherds nodded. 
Joe opened the barn door fully, “Then it’s no business of mine.”
The first shepherd nodded, “Very kind of you, sir.” 
The shepherds filed into the barn. 
Joe stopped the second as he passed, “You really think one of us is the Messiah?”
The second shrugged, “That’s what the minotaur sitting on the giant toadstool said.”
Joe returned to Mary and presented her with the muffin, “Here, babe.”
Mary looked at him in horror, “I need drugs, Joe! Not carbs!”
Joe explained, “It’s an edible, babe.”
Mary eyed it suspiciously, “Why is it shaped like a sheep’s face?”
Joe replied, “They’re shepherds.”
Mary took a bite from the muffin and surveyed them, “Bunch of sheep-shagging halfwits.”

###

A few hours later Mary was woken by further banging on the barn door. Bleary-eyed, she looked around her to see everyone else in the barn stone-cold passed out.
She eyed the half-eaten muffin in her hand with suspicion, “What the hell did they put in this?”
The banging persisted, but Mary was still weak from giving birth, so did not move. Plus, she couldn’t feel her feet owing to the large quantity of unidentified drugs she had just consumed. 
She looked across the barn and saw the third shepherd spooning with Edna, his sheep. Mary threw the remainder of her muffin and hit the sheep square in the face. Edna let out a startled bleat, waking her human lover from his slumber. 
Mary barked, “Answer the door or I’m calling the ASPCA!”
The third shepherd stood up quickly and rushed over to open the barn door.
Three men dressed in fine robes stepped into the barn. 
Mary panicked, “If you’re Feds, I had no idea! I just thought it was his pet.”
Edna bleated. 
The first man identified himself, “Fear not, fair maiden. My name is George Caspar, a chess grandmaster, and I have come all the way from England to pay homage to your newborn son, whom I know to be the savior of all mankind.”
Mary looked down at the muffin again, “The savior of all mankind, you say?”
George held out a gift, “I know it to be true. The scripture tells of this moment, and I have followed the stars to be here on this night. Look, I have brought gold for the child as an offering!”
Mary’s eyes widened, “Gold?” She snatched the trinket from him, “Well, now you come to mention it, he does look a bit savior-ish. Especially after a feeding. I mistook you for a fool, but you are indeed a very wise man.”
Their second gentleman introduced himself, “Greetings, blessed mother. My name is Paddy O’Melchior. Two years ago, I was the winner of Ireland’s version of Who Wants To Be Millionaire? I too heard of tonight’s miracle, and I have come to pay my respects to the Lord of Lords.”
Mary looked him up and down, “And did you bring the Lord of Lords a gift like the lovely gentleman from England?”
Paddy nodded, “Oh, to be sure. I present to you with a gift of frankincense.”
Mary studied the bowl of resin, “Is it valuable?”
Paddy assured her, “Yes, ma’am. It is a high-quality incense.”
Mary wondered why, “Can it make you high?”
Paddy shrugged, “I don’t believe so, ma’am, but it is a symbol of deity.”
Mary continued, “Do you still have the receipt? Because the Lord of Lords would prefer gold. That’s what he told me just now.”
Paddy looked amazed, “The babe can already speak?”
Mary tutted, “Of course he can’t speak, but a mother just knows these things, Mr. O’Melchior. Plus, he is a deity, like you said. He and I speak telepathically to one another and he’s adamant that he wants gold. Not incense! Clearly you are not a very wise man.”
Paddy was crestfallen, “Perhaps I should take the gift back then?”
Mary pressed the frankincense to her bosom, “The Lord of Lords just said I should hold on to it for safe keeping until you can return with some gold.” She turned to the third member of their company, “And that goes for you too, if you also didn’t bring gold.”
The third man stepped forward and bowed, “My name is Rod Balthazar, I am a rocket scientist, and I have journeyed all the way from Australia to meet your son, the King of Kings. I have brought him a gift of myrrh.”
Mary turned her head sideways and blew a raspberry. 
Rod stuttered, “It is an embalming oil and a symbol of death.”
Mary screwed up her face, “How very unwise of you, when clearly the Lord of Lords and the King of Kings is in dire need of gold! How can you expect him to have a kingdom if he has no gold?”
Rod explained, “The myrrh is symbolic, for it is prophesized that your son will die so that all mankind can live forever…”
Mary covered her son’s ears with her hands, “He’s only just fucking been born and you’re talking about him dying? He’s a baby, you can’t just kill him! He’s not going to grow up to be Hitler, is he?”
Rod looked at child, “He is forecast to be a beacon of hope and peace for the world.”
Mary eyed him, “Are you a doctor?”
Rod Balthazar shook his head, “Not of medicine, ma’am, no…”
Mary wagged her finger at him, “Then I suggest you stop spreading morbid rumors about my son - the Lord of Lords and the King of Kings - before he turns you into a frog.”
Rod bowed, “Whatever you command O’ Holy Mother.”
Mary added loudly, “And in case it needs saying again, he said he wants gold. Lots of it!”
The three wise men nodded silently, then stood motionless. 
Mary broke the silence, “So what happens now?”
Gingerly, George Casper asked, “Has your son yet been circumcised?”
Mary was confused, “Has he been what?”
Paddy explained, “Has he had the outer skin of his penis removed as a token of his covenant with God?”
Mary looked at her son, “It’s a penis, Mr. O’Melchior, not a banana that you can just peel.”
Rod produced a Swiss army knife from his pocket, “Aye, it must be done with a blade, ma’am.”
Mary called out to her boyfriend, “Joe, wake up! He’s got a knife!”
Joe came to and stumbled to Mary’s side, “Who are these men?”
Mary explained, “They are pedophiles who want to cut off your son’s penis. Look, they tried to bribe me with gold!”
Joe looked at each of them, “Which one of you wants to cut off my son’s penis?”
All three of them raised their hands. 
George explained, “It is a rite of passage.”
Joe shrugged, “So’s getting your head flushed down the toilet on your first day of school, but that ain’t happening here today either.”
The baby began to wail.
Mary whined, “Look, you’ve made the Lord of Lords and the King of Kings cry!”
Joe wasn’t sure he had heard Mary correctly. 
Mary explained, “That’s who they think he is. They think he’s royalty or something.”
Paddy looked at the child concerned, “He is tired. You should lay him down somewhere to rest.”
Mary was sharp-tongued, “Put him down where, genius? We don’t have a bed for him. In case you haven’t noticed, we’re in a fucking barn!”
George pointed to a nearby trough, “Why not lay him in that manger?”
Mary recoiled, “Animals eat from that.”
The third shepherd chimed in, “Mangers can be fairly comfortable if the straw’s soft.”
Mary shot him down, “Another word from you, sunshine, and we’ll all be having lamb chops for dinner.”
Joe whispered to Mary, “I suggest we create a distraction and hot-foot it out of here with the swag they brought.”
Mary mumbled back, “Agreed. But how are we going to do that?”
Joe looked down at an object at his feet. He picked it up and offered it to the three wise men, “Muffin?”

###

Once the last wise man had passed out, Mary and Joe assembled the gifts, wrapped their newborn son in newspaper, and walked out of the barn and into a waiting Uber. 
Joe sighed with relief, “Well, that was weird.”
Mary agreed,  “You can say that again.”
The Uber driver turned around to them, “Where to then? I’m not seeing a destination in the system.”
Mary answered, “Anywhere but here.”
The Uber driver nodded and drove off into the night, “Fair enough.”
Joe stared at his son for a moment, “Babe, why is our baby black when you and I are both white?”
Mary laughed awkwardly, “We’re just lucky, babe. It just means one of us has some African American blood in our family tree. It’s like having red hair; it can skip generations and then just show up, you know?”
Joe grinned, “I didn’t know you had some African-American in you?”
Mary became lost in thought, “I haven’t. Not for a few weeks, anyway.”
Oblivious, Joe laughed out loud, “It’s a fucking miracle, that’s what it is.”
Mary smiled, “Christmas is a time for miracles, babe.”
Joe nodded, “What shall we call him?”
Mary thought, “What about Stan?”
Joe shook his head, “He doesn’t look like a Stan.”
Overhearing their conversation, the Uber driver had a suggestion, “Isn’t it obvious what you should name a boy born at Christmas?”
Joe didn’t catch his drift, “Bing Crosby?”
Mary nudged him, “He means Jesus.”
Joe shook his head, “You can’t give a black kid an Hispanic name. He’ll be a laughingstock at school.”
The Uber driver had a second suggestion, “Why don’t you name him after the place her was conceived?”
Joe’s face lit up, “Great idea. Where was that, babe?”
Mary looked at her son, “Safeway’s parking lot.”
Joe’s face flushed with pride, “Safeway, I love it. He’s going to be the coolest kid on the block, the lucky bastard.”
Mary closed her eyes and rested her head on her husband’s shoulder. 
The Uber driver rolled his eyes as he drove them into the Pennsylvania countryside. 
A thought occurred to Joe, “Babe?”
Mary answered, “What?”
Joe stated, “We don’t shop at Safeway. We always go to Wal-Mart.”








20 GLORYHOLES


(to the tune of Ding Dong Merrily On High, composed in 16th century)

If you’re morbidly obese
Or if you’re not a ‘looker’
There’s a thrill that you can seek 
Far cheaper than a hooker
Glor-yholes
So simple and alluring
Glor-yholes
Although they smell of urine

If you’re closeted or bi
Or bored of masturbation
Find a toilet that’s inside
A park or railway station
Glor-yholes
Discrete and so delightful
Glor-yholes
Pretend that you’re George Michael

Tap your foot inside the stall
Pray that your neighbor’s hunky
Poke your todger through the wall
And let him spank your monkey
Glor-yholes
Come get your scrotum fondled
Glor-yholes
Then whitewash someone’s tonsils

Leave your worries far behind
Just let your chestnuts dangle
Or if you feel so inclined
Back-up and clutch your ankles
Glor-yholes
Just like a wooden sphincter
Glor-yholes
In Summer or in Winter

Glor-yholes
Take care you don’t get splinters.







21 DEAR VIXEN – PART 5


Tough Love From The North Pole’s Sassiest Therapist

(The Advice Column of The North Pole Gazette)

Dear Vixen, 

Let me start at the beginning. 
Once upon a time there was a girl called Perma Tan – that was me. Tan was my family name. 
I lived in Southern California amid the palm trees, manicured poodles and golden beaches. 
I was happy, but I was lonely. 
Then, one night on a weekend trip to Denver, Colorado, I experienced snow for the first time. 
Can you imagine it? 
I had seen it in the movies, of course, and on Christmas cards, but never in real life! 
Giant, crystalline, silver flakes of fluffiness, descending from the heavens in each and every direction. Kissing my skin, crunching underfoot, and carpeting the roads and rooftops in icy cotton wool. 
It was magical! 
That same night was the first time I met Jack Frost, my future husband. 
He was in town sketching ice portraits on house windows. Our eyes met and, well… it was love at first frostbite.
Fast-forward a few years and the two of us are living as husband and wife in the North Pole with Santa and his menagerie.
It was a dream come true. Jack was everything I could want in a man – cold-hearted, for sure, but what man isn’t? Handsome, mysterious and hung like a prehistoric stalactite. Everything a SoCal girl could ask for.  
Anyway, things were just dreamy until a few years back when we were taking down the Christmas decorations. 
As Jack removed our Christmas stockings from the mantle of the fireplace, I noticed him caress the fabric in an unusual way. 
He must have noticed me looking, because he turned to me and, with a glint of mischief in my eye, suggested I try them on. 
They were ornamental stockings, but I did as he asked and before they were half-way up my legs, he was upon me - frisky as hell. 
In the weeks that followed, he had me try on all number of boots, slippers, moccasins, stilettos, clogs, socks, pop socks and stockings. 
I hadn’t known it at the time - and I like to think he hadn’t either - but it turns out I married a foot fetishist. 
Now, every time we have sex, Jack insists on licking, caressing, sniffing, and dry humping my left foot, followed methodically by my right foot, and then both of them together. 
What do I do? Feet do nothing for me, and I’m worried about the damage me contracting athletes’ foot or a verruca might do to our marriage. 
Should I tell him it is not just my thing? Everything else about our marriage is perfect? Do I compromise on this one aspect?

Yours

Perma Frost

Vixen responds:

What’s funny about your letter is that I always misheard the lyrics to the Nat King Cole song as “Jack Frost Nibbling at your Toes.” 
After many years, Blitzen informed me the true lyrics were actually “nipping at your nose,” though in light of your story the former seems infinitely more appropriate. 
What to do, what to do? 
Half of all marriages end in divorce, you know, which logically means the other half end in death. So, how much do you dislike this fetish of his? Enough to leave him, or enough to stay with him long enough to watch him die? 
It’s a tough call. 
Think upon it and let me know later. 
So, our Jack is into feet, is he? It doesn’t surprise me. It’s always the quiet ones you have to watch, and Jack is of course one of the quietest. 
I can think of three possible course of action for you. Each have their pros and cons.
Here’s my first suggestion: leave him. 
Leave the North Pole and go back to SoCal – is that really what you call it, by the way, it sounds like an artificial sweetener. 
Go back to being Perma Tan, with your sun-bleached blonde hair and melanomas swarming over your leathery, wrinkled skin like fungi over a cowpat. All because you can’t put up with a bit of toe-nail fungus. 
You know, in times gone by, women weren’t even expected to enjoy sex. In Victorian London, women were told to “lie back and think of England” while their husband went about his business. Women simply accepted it was their lot in life to please their husbands. 
Of course, back then everyone was also fucking their servants, but that is beside the point. 
Now, while it’s possible that among the four billion men on this planet, there might be a man who is 100% compatible with you, it’s also possible that he lives in China, you’ll spend your whole life looking for him, and find him just in time for the two of you to be buried together. 
Might it not be better to spend your time with someone who ticks most of your boxes, and enjoy life while you can.
Which brings us to option number two: compromise. 
You’re not into feet. 
I get it. 
Feet are disgusting. 
Mine are. 
I mean, what’s the point in keeping them clean when the stable floor is literally covered in reindeer shit? 
Anyway, my point is this: Jack didn’t know he was into feet until his epiphany with the Christmas stockings. 
Maybe he might enjoy a different fetish just as much, and maybe the two of you can discover one that you also enjoy. 
The internet is full of information on fetishes and fetish groups. 
Have you considered watersports? 
Or fisting? 
Or some light BDSM? 
Does the idea of dressing up as a teddy bear and getting fucked via an all-too-accessible flap in your costume’s groin area appeal to you? 
I believe they are called furries. 
They even have their own conventions.
The point is, whereas previously fetishists were made to feel perverted and lonely, the Internet now enables people to share their perversions with other and find like-minded perverts with which to act out the most unspeakable of acts. 
If you can imagine it, there’s a webpage and accompanying support group for it, I guarantee it. 
I myself am a fetishist, by the way. 
A few years ago, I decided to invent my own fetish and I am actively recruiting other interested fetishists to my cause. 
My fetish is about being fucked immediately after someone has irreversibly transferred one million dollars into my bank account. 
It drives me wild. 
Seriously. 
I decided to term the people who share in my fetish Demi Moore Super Whores because a million dollars is what Demi Moore’s character in Indecent Proposal was offered by Robert Redford to sleep with him. 
Furthermore, I have designated Demi Moore Super Whores into tops and bottoms. 
Demi Moore Super Whore Bottoms, like me, are the ones into whose account the money is wired.
Demi Moore Super Whore Tops are the ones effecting the payment. 
I have yet to meet a Demi Moore Super Whore Top, but if you come across one, do send them my way. 
I digress. 
Option number three is: make this work for you. 
Fine, you are not into him sucking every one of your ten toes before sex, but approach the issue constructively. 
Tell him you only enjoy his foot fetish if you get to wear a brand-new pair of Jimmy Choos or Prada pumps. 
The effect of this is two-fold. 
One: you get to build the most fabulous collection of ladies footwear ever assembled.
Two: since each pair of shoes will set him back north of $700, you’re ensuring you won’t have to put up with Jack the lad’s tongue all over your medial and lateral plantar as often as you otherwise might. 
You’re welcome.

###

Dear Vixen, 

Something terrible has happened. 
As, you very well know, flying reindeers mate for life, unlike our non-flying cousins in the rest of the world. 
It’s been many years since I met Dancer, but the first time I saw those brown doe eyes, shiny auburn coat, and wrinkled wet nose, my antlers went all wonky and tingly. 
She and I have been together for as long as I care to remember. 
In my heart, I know she is all I will ever need. 
She is my everything. 
Admittedly, she is a little longer in the coat and tooth these days - her dancing days are well and truly over - but she’s still the only one for me. 
Then, those new reindeer joined our pack, on a trial-basis, last December. 
Do you remember? 
Santa was trying them out, planning for a future when some of the older members of our pack are put out to graze. 
There were four of them: Tinkler, Blinker, Mincer, and Red.
Tinkler was never going to make it as one of Santa’s reindeer owing to his incontinence. 
Santa was irritated enough by the splash and spray on the subsonic practice. Imagine what would happen on a supersonic run? 
So, before you could say “golden shower”, Tinkler had been sent back to Greenland. 
Then there was Blinker. 
Blinker was the stupidest, most clumsy reindeer I have ever met. Principally this was because of the pleasure he took in a very simple act: blinking. 
I don’t know why it is such a source of joy for him, but his predilection for it meant he walked around half the time with his eyes closed. 
Santa sent him packing after he walked into Mrs. Claus, causing her to drop an entire tray of warm milk and cookies. 
Then there was Mincer: gayer than a box of Christmas tree baubles. 
Now, no one in the North Pole is homophobic, but soon every man, elf and male reindeer grew tired of his smutty jokes and continuous come-ons. 
“How do you know you’re not gay if you’ve never tried it?” 
“Maybe you’re bisexual?” 
“What if you close your eyes, stick it in a little, and we keep it our little secret?” 
From that last comment you will also remember his other annoying habit was an obsession with playing Pin The Tale On The Donkey.  
Santa didn’t fire him. 
Instead, Mincer met another gay reindeer online and quit his job so the two of them could live in Mykonos carrying tourists up and down the beach. 
And finally, there was Red. 
She was pretty as hell. 
She reminded me so much of Dancer when she was young. 
Red was spritely, flirtatious, with thick powerful thighs that could probably crush the life out of you, were you for some unknown reason caught in between them. 
Anyway, one day I was coming back from my evening stroll when I heard a cry for help. 
It sounded like Dancer. 
As I approached, I found a reindeer with her head stuck between two bars of the iron fence that separates Santa’s garden from the airstrip. 
In my heart of hearts, I thought it was Dancer playing a game with me. 
She and I would role play from time to time to spice up our sex life. 
As I walked up to her, a spring entering my step, I called out dramatically, “I’m coming, poor, trapped, defenseless, little reindeer. I’ll save you! We just need to wriggle you free somehow. Now, what’s the best way we can do that?” 
Then I rose up, mounted the doe, and pounded her good and hard for maybe twenty minutes.
The good news is, by the time I had finished, I had managed to dislodge her head from the fence. 
The bad news was, it was now clear to me that the doe I fucked wasn’t Dancer. 
It was Red. 
I had inadvertently cheated on my life-mate. 
Red didn’t leave the North Pole until about four weeks later. Clearly, she wasn’t as unfazed by the incident as I was, though we never talked about it publicly and Red always kept a healthy distance from Dancer. 
Then one night, I was with a group of reindeer, drinking and shooting the breeze around a campfire, when Red came over and joined in.
Comet asked her, “Where are you from, Red? Norway?”
Red answered, “Sweden, actually. From the island of Svalbard.”
I smiled at this news, “That’s where my mother lives. She moved there after my father passed away and I was assigned to Santa’s sleigh team.”
Red looked at me for the first time since the night of the iron fence incident, “Maybe I know her. There aren’t many flying reindeer in Svalbard. What’s her name?”
I smiled, “Flora.”
Red looked confused, “That’s my mother’s name.”
I laughed uneasily, “How strange. There can’t be many flying reindeer in Svalbard called Flora, can there? Mom actually remarried after Dad passed. I believe I have some half-brothers and sisters out there that I have never met. The eldest daughter was called Scarlet, I believe.” 
Red spat out her hot cocoa, feigned illness and retired to the stables. 
She left the North Pole the next day and I never heard from her again. 
I immediately wrote a letter to my mother, inquiring about Scarlet and asking if she went by any other names. 
My mother confirmed my worst suspicions: as a baby, Scarlet hadn’t been able to pronounce her two-syllabled name, but she had mastered another that her mother and father approved of: Red. 
I cheated on my life-mate with my half-sister. 
What do I do? 
Do I tell Dancer I was unfaithful? Do I mention the incest? 
In short: help. 

Prancer

Vixen responds:

First of all, old reindeer like you don’t get put out to graze, you idiot. Haven’t you noticed there isn’t any pasture at the North Pole? 
Do you want to know what happens to the old reindeer once you’re not strong enough to pull Santa’s sleigh? 
I have two words for you.
Glue.
Sausages. 
You will never find it, but there’s a secret entrance to an underground slaughterhouse behind the toy factory. They keep the sausage making machine there, permanently ticking over, just in case.
And all those wooden toys the elves help Santa make? There are so many of them. And they require a lot of glue to hold them together. 
So, rather than entertaining ideas of munching away on dandelions in endless green fields in your latter years, I’d start thinking about your last request. Rumor has it, Santa and Mrs. Claus let condemned reindeers decide what drink they get washed down with. 
Venison is notoriously fatty, so I’d pick something acidic like Dr. Pepper, if I were you. 
Something for you to start to ponder, anyway.  
Now, what did you write in about? 
Oh, that was it: you fucked your sister behind your mate-for-life’s back. 
It’s all coming back to me. 
Should you tell her? Should you not tell her? 
It’s irrelevant. 
What makes you think Dancer doesn’t already know? The syphilis you doubtless gave her – and believe me, Red has a reputation in flying reindeer circles, why do you think she left Svalbard? - has probably ravaged what’s left of her girly reindeer bits. 
Other than you, who could she have contracted it from? 
She knows, and clearly, she’s decided not to make a public fuss about it. 
That is different, of course, from her forgiving you. If I were her, I’d be planning a way to extract the most amount of pain and suffering out of you; a slow physical and mental torture that would play out over years. 
Other than that, all that is really left to talk to is the guilt you feel. 
How bad should you be feeling right now? 
Well, people have been writing to me with their problems for what seems like forever. This in itself is strange because I try my best not to offer any practical advice that might actually help people. 
In your case however, what I feel I can do is point out all the sins that are worse than incest that you haven’t committed, in the hope that will make you feel better. 
Let’s start with Necrophilia. 
Yes, you cheated on your dried-up haggard of a life-mate with a younger, more nubile model, but… at least she was alive. 
You could have a thing for corpses! 
That would be much worse. 
Plus, since females rarely enjoy sex as much as males, especially post menopause, the idea that females could be subjected to yet more unwanted sex even after they are dead, is particularly unnerving.
Have you ever taken a shit in an elf’s mouth - either as a sex act, to win a bet, or just because the elf in question was a mouth breather and made the mistake of falling asleep at a party, or on a bus you were also riding? 
That, though timelessly amusing, is definitely another act worse than incest! 
Unless you are also an elf and the mouth in question happens to be your brother or sisters, but these are details not relevant to your case.  
Something else that’s worse than incest: stump sex with an amputee. 
Even if they are into it.
Even if it’s the thing that makes sex with them special.
Regardless of what orifice of yours their stump is inserted into, it’s a crime against humanity and decency! 
And a possible source of infection for both parties.
Lastly, did you ever masturbate as a teenager to the sound of your parents having sex? 
You know, you were laying there one night, in you pajamas, when through the wall you hear the sound of your mother wailing or you father grunting furiously. 
It should have scarred you for life. 
You should have covered your ears before they bled, but no, instead you reached for the fun-stick between your legs and decided to bang one out. 
You might as well have been in the room with them. 
Importantly, all of the things listed above are objectively worse than incest. Oh, I should add one other - listening to folk music. 
Makes me shudder, just thinking about it. 
Anyway, so long as you have not partaken in any of these activities, there is still some hope for your soul. 
Not much, but some. 
Don’t you feel better now?







22 CHRISTMAS EVE BREAKUP 


So, look, I’ve been doing some thinking and I think we should break-up. 
There, I said it. 
I know it’s Christmas Eve and all, which might make this seem like harsh timing… but really there’s no good time, is there? 
So, I figured why not do it now and avoid the awkwardness of spending another awful Christmas with your parents and all the incessant questions like, when are we finally going to get married? Or have a baby? Or go camping with them to that godawful campsite they keep raving about in the middle of nowhere, with no cell reception and no Wi-Fi?
This is easier for both of us. 
Of course, I know it will still be awkward for you. You’ll have to go to your parents alone and explain why I’m not there. That’s going to suck, but at least you and your mother can bitch about what an awful person I am, right? She’ll enjoy that much more than having to make small talk with me. 
Do you remember last year? “Why don’t you eat meat, Kara?” “How come you’re so fat when you eat so little?” “Didn’t you wear that sweater last Christmas?” “That lipstick makes you look like a hooker.” “Is that glitter in your hair or are your roots showing?” “Michael’s other girlfriends visited us much more often than you do.” “Mary, down the road, has six grandchildren Six! Have you ever been tested to see if you’re infertile?”
I don’t expect you to give this message to your mother, but if you could try and convey to her, in a polite way, that I look forward to the day I can piss on her (hopefully) shallow grave, I would appreciate it because, honestly, never seeing that self-centered bitch is one of the biggest benefits of no longer dating you.  
There are others. 
Having discussed breaking up with you at length with my therapist, he has made it very clear that you’ll likely feel blind-sided, and that you’ll need closure; that this will be easier for both of us if I tell you what I believe was wrong with our relationship, so you can either choose to improve upon those elements of your character, or else hate me for bringing them up and making you feel bad.
So, just remember what follows is for your own good: your personal hygiene sucks; we’re sexually incompatible; I hate your family (obviously) and I worry you’ll turn into them; you have no ambition; and I think I can do better than you. 
Let’s start with your personal hygiene.
Your body odor makes me want to vomit; your feet smell like one of those extra-moldy, sweaty, European cheeses; and you have halitosis (look it up) that could halt a termite infestation. 
You should consider showering more than once a week. You should wash your clothes more often, more thoroughly, and use some kind of scented fabric softener, and you should be brushing your teeth at least twice a day, flossing, and using mouthwash. 
I know you want to be loved for who you are, but that’s going to be a hard ask for anyone when you smell like a hobo. 
Let’s talk about sex. 
I LOVE sex. 
Just not with you. 
When I say we’re sexually incompatible, I don’t mean that I’m into S&M and you only want vanilla sex. 
I mean, we’re incompatible because I don’t want to have sex with you. 
Ever. 
I was attracted to you once, I think. I don’t remember why now; I think it’s because you had a geeky vibe. But I now realize just how bad at sex you are and that, to put it bluntly, I want to be a slut. 
You were the first man I ever had sex with. We waited until our wedding night. With hindsight, that was a huge mistake. It was the sexual equivalent of buying a house sight unseen. 
Our wedding night itself was just the first of many anti-climaxes (pun intended). I gave you the benefit of the doubt that night because we were drunk, and you personally cut our wedding cake into 110 individual pieces so that our guests could each take a piece to go (thank you for doing that, by the way). 
I thought you were just exhausted. 
I have since realized you are just bad in bed. 
Foreplay is neither optional, nor a waste of time; you need to think more about actually pleasing your partner; and you need to not insist on being called daddy, grinding your teeth during intercourse, and making cat sounds.
Obviously, I hate your family. 
I also know that you didn’t choose them, that they’re set in their ways, and unlikely to change. 
Nevertheless, I have three suggestions for you about how you can prevent them torpedoing your future relationships: never see them again, try to be less like them, and euthanasia. 
I get that your mother has nothing going on in her life, and I also get that you are an only child and her one source of pride in this world. But you need to cut the cord once and for all. 
She’s like an old dog that has never been told she’s not the alpha. 
She needs to get on with her own life – hopefully, there is not much of it left – and stop trying to involve herself in the running of yours. 
There is only room for one woman to be that close to you. You need to decide if it’s your wife or your mother, and unless you want to die alone, childless and unloved, it cannot be your mother. 
Pick wisely. 
Think about who gives you blowjobs. I think that rules out your mother, but honestly, I’m only ninety-nine percent certain. 
Let’s talk about what you want in life. 
Pride in your achievements, confidence and a good group of friends are all attractive qualities – unless those achievements are exclusively in a virtual world, your confidence comes from having reached Level 326 and being made a Grand General of some fictitious army, and all of your friends are similarly antisocial gamers whose first language is “nerd”. 
If you could channel twenty percent of the energy and effort you put into gaming into a business, for example, you would be a millionaire. 
Alas, you are just rich in “ultrararium”, or whatever the hell it is you’re mining with your space armada buddies. 
Finally, I came to the realization - in part because of all the above and also in part from the self-improvement I’ve undertaken - including the boob job you bought for me as a Christmas gift, last year, (thank you, again) - that I can do better than you. 
Guys now look at me the way you look at the latest Marvel or Star Wars movie trailer. Even though they’re creeping on me, they make me feel valued in a way that you were never able to. 
I want a guy with muscles, who’s going to treat me like a hooker in bed, then make me breakfast the next morning, raise two beautiful children with me, and help me in building a successful interior design business.
I don’t want to waste any more of my life. On reflection, the only reason I have for wanting to grow old with you, would be being there when your mother finally dies. 
I’ve actually fantasized about switching off her life support machine myself. Man, that would feel good. 
Anyway, I hope all of the above is helpful.
My therapist says I need space and that I need to find myself. He says I can’t love anyone else until I’ve learned to love myself. 
My therapist is also the man I’ve been having an affair with for the past six months. 
Also, I’m more of a cat person.  
If you bought any Christmas presents for me, please donate them to a goodwill store. Better yet, if you still have the receipts, consider just getting your money back.  
I didn’t buy you anything. With hindsight was my subconscious setting me a deadline of Christmas Day to break up with you. 
Anyway, I know this is like the longest text in the world. I hope it goes through. 
There’s no need to reply, as my mind is made up. 
Also, I’ll be turning off my phone after I hit send and getting a new number. 







23 O’ COME YE UNGRATEFUL 


(to the tune of O’ Come All Ye Faithful, composed in 13th century)

O’ come ye ungrateful
Pagan, part-time Christians
Oh, come ye, this Christmas Eve to our midnight mass
Come for the carols
We know you like a sing-along

But where were you at Easter?
Oh, where were you at Easter?
Exploring Chichen Itza
On a weekend mini break

Look, wretched people
A plastic baby Jesus
Sits in a manger with some stuffed animals
Oh, how degrading
When will I make bishop?

For you we lit the candles
For you we lit the candles
For you, the thieves and vandals
Of this once Holy day

Give us your money
Dig deep in your pockets
Notes, checks and I.O.Us, we’ll take all you’ve got
We’d like a crèche please
And the roof needs fixing

We’ll see you in a year’s time
We’ll see you in a year’s time
Or sooner if The Reaper’s bell chimes…

…Merry Christmas to you all.







24 COMING OUT


Sandra Jacobs called out to her husband, “Ted? Ted? Where did we put Justin’s stuffed baby giraffe?”
Ted, who was in the living room, shouted back, “Didn’t we give it to goodwill when he left for college?”
Sandra tutted and continued rummaging through the wardrobe of their spare bedroom, “No, we did not. First of all, that thing was so tattered, no goodwill store in San Francisco would ever have taken it. Second, I would never let us throw out Justin’s favorite stuffed animal. He carried that thing around for the first seven years of his life. He slept with it every night. The amount of drool contained in that thing must be incredible.”
Ted raised an eyebrow, “Why are you trying to locate it?”
Sandra exited the spare bedroom triumphantly holding the remnants of what was once a soft toy, “Because if he’s going to come out to us, I want him to feel as relaxed and secure as possible. This is his home. His safe space. I want him to know that he and his partner are welcome here any time they want.”
Ted shook his head, “You’ve lost it, woman.”
Sandra threw her arms up in the air, “I just can’t help it, I’m so fricking excited! We’ll be able to go to Pride Parades together. We can go on marches to the State Capitol. I’ll be able to join PFLAG. We’ll get to look for a surrogate for his children. Oh, oh, I wonder if Cousin Penny would do it?”
Ted snorted, “She already eats enough for two.”
Sandra shook her head, “Ted Jacobs, how dare you fat-shame that lovely girl.”
Ted put down his newspaper, “Diabetes is nothing to be proud of, Sandra.”
Sandra began aggressively to plump the pillows on the living room sofa, “No, but beauty comes in all shapes and sizes. If you ask me, they ought to ban Adobe Photoshop.”
Ted nodded, “And fast food. Anyway, what makes you think Justin is going to come out?”
Sandra smiled and looked to the heavens, “A mother can sense these things. I’ve known he was a gay ever since he asked for that My Little Pony Dream Castle when he was five years old.”
Ted agreed, “Not to mention the gay porn you found under his bed when he was fifteen. I suppose my real question is, why do you think he’s going to come out to us now? Why tell us at Christmas?”
Sandra sat down next to her husband, “Logic. He had no time to experiment when he lived with us. This is his first Christmas, since going away to university. By now he’ll know if he’s a top or a bottom, if he’s into scat, fisting, or puppy play. If he likes big buff black men or sassy Latinos…”
Ted’s eyes opened wide, “I see you’ve given this a lot of thought.”
Sandra continued, “And we raised him right. Now that he’s come to terms with his sexuality, he’ll want to tell us. We have no secrets in this family. We’ve always led by example. Every time I got a vaginal fungal infection, I shared it with the family.”
Ted corrected her, “You shared the news. Thankfully, you kept the infection to yourself.”
Sandra nodded, “Because I wanted Nancy not to feel ashamed if and when she felt similarly unfresh. And you were totally forthcoming about your erectile dysfunction.”
Ted returned to his newspaper, “I seem to remember you telling everyone, rather than me, but your point is made.”
Sandra suddenly remembered, “And, of course, he’s bringing Ben.”
Ted shook his head, “They could just be friends.”
Sandra disagreed, “A son doesn’t bring just anyone home with him to spend Christmas with his family. Oh, I hope Ben is a painter. Or a poet. Or a fashion designer.”
Ted added, “Or an engineer, military officer or a sports coach…”
Sandra silently dismissed his suggestions, “Whatever he is, I just want him to be a flaming queen. I hope he wears guy-liner, a nose ring and has fifteen piercings in his face.”
Ted contemplated such a man, “That would make TSA screenings problematic.”
Sandra was undeterred, “I want them to hold hands at the Christmas dinner table. I want them to be out and proud! I want Justin to feel that he can be his authentic self in front of us.”
Ted sighed with content and placed his hand on his wife’s knee, “That would be lovely.”
Sandra removed his hand and stood. Her eyes flashed, “Then I’m going to take a festive family photo of all of us for Instagram and tag Stephanie Sox! She’s been relentlessly posting all the Black Lives Matter marches she’s been going on with her daughter and her daughter’s new African American boyfriend. Well, fuck you, Stephanie Sox! I’ve got a lesbian daughter and a gay son, beat that! My life is going to be way more interesting than hers.” She played with a curl in her hair, “And if we’re really lucky, Nancy will eventually realize she’s transgender; the holy grail of liberal political circles.” 
At that moment, Nancy came out of the second spare bedroom, “Did I hear someone mention my name?”
Sandra looked adoringly at her daughter’s short hair and jeans and t-shirt combo, “Yes, darling. I was just saying that if you find yourself leaning more towards being a Chaz- rather than Chastity-Bono, your father and I will gladly pay for your top surgery.”
Nancy rolled her eyes, “I don’t want to be a dude, mom.”
Sandra moved to straighten some ornaments on the fireplace mantle, “Never say never, darling. One day you may wake up and decide that what you really want for Christmas is your very own penis.”
Nancy screwed up her face, “Gross.”
Sandra added, “And you can keep dating Jennifer. We’ll support whatever relationship decisions the two of you make.”
Nancy walked into the kitchen to grab a  drink, “Jennifer likes girls, mom. That’s why she’s  a lesbian.”
Sandra nodded sympathetically, “Of course she does, darling. And if she had wanted to spend Christmas here with us, you know she would have been more than welcome.”
Nancy stared at her mother, “She’s helping out at the homeless shelter, Mom. Do you know how many homeless there are in San Francisco?”
Sandra nodded, “Not precisely, but from the look and smell of the streets, I would say a lot.”
Nancy poured herself a scotch, “She wanted me to go with her, but I told her you would never forgive me.”
Sandra concurred, “You have to be here to support your brother.”
Nancy looked confused, “What’s he done now?”
Sandra tutted, “He’s introducing us to his boyfriend! I think bringing Ben will make it easier for him. That way he can say, “I love this man,” rather than, “I like dick in my butt.””
Ted rolled his eyes, “He could be a top! Or versatile!”
Nancy laughed, “I’ve told you this before, Mom, but you never listen. Justin’s not gay.”
Sandra covered her ears, “You’re wrong. And today is going to prove you wrong. Anyway, what would you know? You’re a lesbian.”
Nancy laughed, “I’ve spent more time with him than either of you!”
Sandra’s voice became smug, “I carried him in my womb for nine months. We were as one. I think I would know.”
Nancy pounced, “Then put your money where your mouth is. $50 says Justin isn’t gay.”
Sandra was outraged, “This is not the kind of thing you bet on!”
Ted however was intrigued, “What odds are you offering.”
Nancy turned to her father, “One for one.”
Ted gave it some thought, “What if he’s bisexual?”
Nancy laughed, “Do we believe in bisexuals?”
Sandra was outraged, “Yes we do. Sexuality is a spectrum! I once had a rather gay weekend in Boise, in my early twenties. But no one is making a bet, do you hear me?”
Ted nodded to his wife, “Of course not, my dear,” then winked at his daughter. 
The doorbell rang. 
Sandra’s heart skipped and pounded in her bosom  “Oh, my good they’re here. And I haven’t even put out the pot pourri.”
Nancy rolled her eyes again, “I’ll get it.”
Sandra shoved her daughter out of the way, “Like hell you will. This is my moment, not yours.” She rushed over to the front door, flung it open and threw her arms around the son she had not seen for twenty weeks. 
Justin winced as she planted a giant kiss on his right cheek, “Mom! We FaceTime like, twice-a-week.”
Sandra gushed, “I know. I’m just so happy to see you.” She turned to her son’s traveling companion, “And who is this handsome man?”
Justin laughed, “Handsome? I don’t know who you’re looking at, Mom, but this is Ben. He’s a good buddy of mine.”
Sandra had misheard, “He’s a fuckbuddy of yours? Are you keeping things casual for now?”
Justin yelped, “No, Mom, he’s a friend! He’s just a friend!”
Sandra proffered her hand for Ben to kiss, “Well regardless of what consensual physical acts you are, or are not, partaking in with my son, you are very welcome in our home.” 
Ben paused and then reluctantly kissed Sandra’s hand, “That’s… that’s… very kind of you, Mrs. Jacobs”
Sandra beamed, “Please, call me ‘Mom’.”
Justin turned to Ben, “Call her Mrs. Jacobs.”
Ben nodded.
Sandra motioned them into the house, “Come, meet the rest of the family. Dinner will be ready shortly,” then she floated back into the kitchen to finalize the Jacobs family’s Christmas dinner. 

###

Ten minutes later almost all of them were seated around the dinner table. 
Sandra waltzed over, carrying a large plate, “Did anyone order roasted organic tofu?”
Nancy complained, “What is this, the 1990s? They sell meat made from plants these days, Mom.”
Sandra half-smiled, “How is any so-called ‘meat made from plants’ going to compare to my secret family recipe for roasted tofu and chestnuts?” She offered a serving spoon to Ben. “Ben, when did you become a vegetarian?”
Ben smiled, “I’m a meat-eater Mrs. Jacobs.”
Sandra laughed, “I’m not talking about cock, Ben,” she covered her mouth to hide an aside, “although I’ve heard that if you don’t swallow, it doesn’t count.” She returned to normal volume, “No, I’m talking about your diet.”
Ben blushed, “So was I. I’m a carnivore, technically an omnivore though because I eat fruits and vegetables as well.”
Sandra paused, “Oh. Justin’s a lifelong vegetarian. He respects all forms of life.”
Ben smiled, “So do I, but I believe that God put animals on earth, and placed man above them. I don’t believe in animal cruelty though.” 
Sandra half-laughed, “Some people would describe murder as sort of cruel, no?”
Ben remained cheerful, “I wouldn’t”
Sandra looked at her son. Then back at Ben. “How interesting. Isn’t that interesting, Ted?”
Ted considered the room, “Very. Tell us, how did the two of you meet?”
Justin shuffled in his chair, “We met at a university society cocktail event.”
Sandra probed, “What kind of university society? Save The Rhino? The Peace Corps? Or was it the feminist society?”
Justin was silent. 
Ben looked at his feet, “It was a UMS meeting.”
Ted contemplated the acronym, “University Music Society?”
Sandra imagined showtunes and jazz hands, “Oh, that sounds fun! It’s been years since I’ve seen a live Sondheim production. The last one we saw was…”
Justin coughed, “The University Mormon Society.”
Nancy spat out a chestnut. 
Ted thought he might have misheard, “The Mormon Society? Like Joseph Smith and special underwear and all that?”
Ben corrected him, “Temple garments are only required when visiting a temple, Mr. Jacobs.”
Sandra’s face fell, “This is a practical joke, right? What were you doing at a meeting of Mormons?” 
Justin was silent, before sitting upright, “Broadening my horizons.”
Sandra’s expression turned hostile, “What?”
Justin pleaded with his parents, “You told me to keep an open mind when I went to university! To meet new people and experiment!”
Sandra was flabbergasted, “But not with Mormons! Or klanspeople for that matter! I mean how specific did we need to be?”
Ted looked at Ben, “Are you a Mormon, Ben?”
Ben sat up just as proudly as Justin had, “I am, sir.”
Ted had a follow-up, “Did you brainwash my son into your batshit ways?”
Justin protested, “Dad! Don’t be disrespectful!”
Ted’s voice got louder, “Are you kidding me? We raised you as an atheist!”
Justin explained, “You raised me to question everything and seek my own truth!”
Sandra interjected, “But not this! This isn’t truth. Mormonism is the Ponzi scheme of religions! If you’re going to get religious on us, why couldn’t you be a Buddhist? At least they have a temple in Chinatown. Instead, you’ve fallen into a cult!”
Nancy added, “Not to mention, they were one of the biggest opponents of gay marriage before the Supreme Court ruled it was a constitutional right.”
Ben closed his eyes, “And that is one policy area where The Church and I do not agree.”
This seemed to move Sandra, “Oh, well I suppose that makes things a little better.” She felt relief flooding through her body, “I suppose it could have been worse. I mean, you could have joined the National Rifle Association.”
Justin avoided her gaze, “Can we change the subject?”
Sandra studied her son, “You didn’t join the NRA, did you?”
Justin shook his head calmly, “No, Mom, but…”
Ted looked concerned, “But what?”
Justin shrugged, “I mean, you could Google it and find out, so…”
Ben interrupted, “I’m President of the Brigham Young University National Rifle Association Chapter.”
Nancy spat out a lump of tofu, “What the fuck?”
Sandra put her hand on her son’s shoulder, “We raised you to be a pacifist.”
Justin explained, “I only believe in gun ownership as a means of self-protection.”
Ted wagged his finger at his son, “Those arguments are the ones they use to keep military-grade weapon on the streets, which is why we have so many school shootings! You know that!”
Ben remained calm, “Actually, Mr. Jacobs, I believe there would be substantially fewer shooting fatalities in schools if students and teachers were allowed to be armed.”
Sandra screamed, “They’re places of learning! You can’t turn them into the Wild West! The only people who should have guns are the police. That’s how they do it in other counties!”
Ben shook his head, “I don’t believe we need to follow the example of lesser countries.”
Nancy pointed at Ben, “Lesser counties with higher rates of literacy, higher life expectancy, lower rates of teen pregnancy, lower incarceration rates, and higher standards of living?”
Ben shook his head, “And you called me brainwashed? That’s just fake news.”
Sandra was triggered, “Fake fucking news? Are you kidding me? Justin, you brought this rightwing nutjob into our home to share Christmas dinner with us? He would have had Jesus shot as an illegal migrant before the Romans could crucify him!”
Ben retorted, “You would have had Mary abort him and called it birth control!”
Sandra rose from her seat, “Abortion isn’t birth control, it’s about a woman’s right to control what happens to her body. Do you remember being in your mother’s womb, Ben? No? Funny, because you were just a bunch of parasitic cells at the time!”
Justin stood up from his seat, “STOP! Right now. Mom, sit down. Ben, don’t say another word.” He addressed the room, “Mom, Dad, Nancy, there’s something I need to tell you.”
Sandra sat down, silent.
Ted cleared his throat, “What is it, son?”
Justin rambled, “I didn’t know whether Christmas would be the right time to say something, but I have to get something off my chest. Something that’s been bugging me for ages.”
Sandra looked at her son sympathetically, “You can tell us anything, sweetheart. We’ll still love you.”
Justin swallowed, “The thing is…”
Sandra inched towards him in her chair, “Yes?”
Justin started again, “I’ve been doing a lot of soul-searching while I’ve been away.”
Sandra inched towards him again, “Just like we taught you.”
Justin closed his eyes and nodded, “Right. And I’ve thought a lot about who I am.”
Sandra was now practically on top of him, “And whoever you decide you are, we won’t love you any more or any less than we do right now.”
Justin felt the right words coming, “So, the thing is, what I’ve realized is…”
Nancy felt herself leaning forwards. 
So did Ted. 
Justin closed his eyes, “The things is… I’m…”
Sandra placed a finger over her son’s mouth, “Let me say it for you, it will be easier. You’re… gay.”
Justin swiped his mother’s hand away, “What? I’m not gay! Nancy’s the gay one.”
Nancy turned to her father and silently mouthed, “Fifty dollars.”
Sandra was confused, “What about the My Little Pony Dream Castle we bought you? And the gay porn we found in your room?”
Justin corrected his mother, “That wasn’t gay porn! That was a men’s physique magazine from back when I thought I wanted to get into body building. Before I realized they all did a ton of ball-shrinking steroids to get that big.”
Sandra questioned herself, “But you played with those ponies! You sat there, on the carpet, and held little races between them, and combed their hair with little brushes.”
Justin’s face fell into his hands, “Oh my God, Mom. I’m a brony! A guy who likes my little ponies. It’s not a gay thing.”
Sandra sensed her world crashing around her, “Not a gay thing? I know a gay thing when I see one. You think I didn’t know that chauffeur of Liberace’s wasn’t secretly bumming him offstage?”
Ted held up his hand, “If you’re not gay, what was this important thing you wanted to tell us?”
Justin took a deep breath and spoke his truth, “I’m a Republican.”
Nancy went into cardiac arrest, but no one noticed. 
Sandra exploded, “Wash your fucking mouth out with soap and water! A Republican? Are you kidding me? Did you see what Trump did to this country? You’re not a Republican, you’re a feminist, you’re for quality, you’re for free and fair voting…”
Justin added, “And small government, and low taxes, and religious freedom…”
Sandra pointed at Ben, “Did he tell you you’re a Republican?”
Justin shook his head, “No, Mom, I figured it out on my own.”
Sandra wiped tears from her eyes, “What am I going to tell your aunts and cousins?”
Ted shook his head, “Could we say you’re an independent? We can’t tell them you’re a Republican, it makes us look like failed parents.”
Justin noticed his sister had crumpled in a heap on the floor, “Is Nancy OK?”
Sandra dismissed his concern, “She’s just doing it for attention. Ignore her, she’ll be fine.”
Ted laid his soul bare, “You have to understand, son, this is San Francisco. You can’t just be openly Republican here without making yourself into a target. There will be repercussions. Freedom of speech is one thing, but freedom of speech does not equate to speech free from consequences. We’re your parents. We want to protect you against all the harm that’s out there and this… this is something we can’t protect you from.”
Justin nodded, “That’s why I’m going to go away for a while.”
Sandra cocked her head, “Where?”
Ben answered for Justin, “Fiji. We’re going to be missionaries there.”
Ted shook his head, “Ben, you are dead to me. You don’t get to speak in my house.”
Sandra pleaded with her son, “Maybe this Republican thing is… just a phase. Have you thought about being gay? I mean, really thought about it? Could you do it for me? It’s not too much to ask, is it? Maybe you just haven’t met the right man yet? You could even be one of those self-hating gay Republicans, if you want. Doesn’t that sound like fun?”
Justin spoke slowly, “I don’t like dick, Mom.”
Sandra leveled with her son, “Neither do I, but the great thing is that men don’t want to come anywhere near you once you’ve shat out two ungrateful children. I’m like a cavern down there. No man wants that. It’s liberating.”
Justin placed his hand on his mother’s shoulder, “I have a gift for you, Mom.” He handed her a Christmas present.
Sandra took it from him, “It looks like a book.”
Justin nodded, “It’s a very special book.”
Sandra knew the answer, but asked anyway, “It’s not The Joy of Gay Sex, is it?”
Justin shook his head, “It most definitely is not.”
Sandra wiped a tear from her eye, “Is it The Book of Mormon.”
Justin nodded, “I wrote an inscription in it, for you.”
Sandra held back tears, “Does the inscription say, “Kidding, I’m gay.”?”
Justin shook his head again, “It’s says Merry Christmas, love from Justin.”
Sandra dropped the present to the floor, clasped her son in her arms and whispered in his ear, “This is the worst Christmas ever, you ungrateful little cunt.”
Justin winced, “Mom, you’re hurting my neck.”
Sandra smiled and tightened her grip, “Do you remember that baby toy giraffe you used to carry around when you were a little boy?”
Justin yelped, “Yes. He was my favorite.”
Sandra smirked, “I’m going to take him into the garden this evening, douse him in gasoline, and burn the little fucker along with your My Little Pony Dream Castle, do you hear me?”
Justin protested, “You can’t burn the Dream Castle, it’s made of plastic. Think of all the toxic smoke you’ll release into the atmosphere.”
Sandra smiled at the notion of a little bit more poison entering her son’s world, “Exactly. Merry Christmas, sweetheart.”








25 DEAR VIXEN – PART 6


Tough Love From The North Pole’s Sassiest Therapist

(The Advice Column of The North Pole Gazette)

Dear Vixen,

I am part of a special logistics team, charged with the just-in-time transportation of a VIP philanthropist, across multiple time zones, legal jurisdictions, and climates, on a single night, once a year, every year.
Basically, I’m one of Santa’s reindeer. 
Anyway, all of the above is difficult enough, but it is made even harder for me because I am situated behind another reindeer in the pack whose favorite foods include beans, lentils, Brussels sprouts and cabbage. 
It’s disgusting. 
It’s bad enough that I have to stare into another reindeer’s ass all night, without having to worry about being blasted in the face by a gust of ‘reindeer wind’. 
I swear the reindeer in question does it deliberately. 
It’s worst upon take off because that requires a great deal of leg action to get us airborne, but he will literally wait until I make a comment about how nice the scenery is before letting one rip. 
Right into my face. 
“Greenland’s looking lovely tonight, don’t you think? or “Look at the twinkling Christmas tree in Union Square!”.
It is unbearable. The stench fills my nostrils like the feeling of Velcro attaching itself to and then pulling on every nose hair I have. It’s eye-watering and gut wrenching the same time. 
What can I do? 
I’ve tried wearing the strongest colognes imaginable, but they do nothing to mask the smell. 
I’ve thought about carrying a wine bottle cork with me and plugging the offending asshole just as I see it opening, but the danger there is that, while I block any initial burst, the pressure might build up to the point where the cork itself ends up being fired into my face like a bullet. 
I’ve thought about asking the reindeer in question to eat less gas-inducing foods, but I’m worried he will just laugh at me. 
What should I do?

Disgusted and Confused.
 
Vixen responds:

Dear Disgusted and Confused… A.K.A Comet!!!!!!
You whiny, entitled, sensitive, little bitch. 
Did you really think I wouldn’t know it was you writing this letter? You must be even more stupid than I imagined. 
So, you don’t like looking at my asshole on Christmas Eve, eh? 
Just think how bad it feels having to look at your face all night. 
What’s that, chain-smoking Jim? 
Do I have a match? 
Yeah, I do: Comet’s face and my ass. 
Where do I even begin? 
First of all, flatulence is a perfectly natural bodily function; the Pope farts, the President of the United States farts, the Dalai Lama farts, hell, even the Queen of England farts. 
Palace guards tell me she’s actually known to let off a real stinker, on occasion. 
Therefore, the chances are that you fart too! 
Which makes you a hypocrite! 
Now, you may be more discrete than other people - yours may fall into the more silent-but-deadly category compared to my loud trumpeting - but my point is this: don’t demonize the actions of others when you are just as guilty. 
Or maybe you don’t fart. 
Maybe your body absorbs all the methane back into your body before it escapes your furry reindeer sphincter. 
Or maybe you just store it in your body somewhere, like some giant fart-filled reindeer-shaped hot air balloon, slowly growing larger and one day set to explode! 
Are you either of those things? No. 
You’re just a tell-tale little princess. 
Well, princess, I have some news for you: do you want to know who wrote to me the other day? The reindeer who stands behind you in the pack. 
Do you know what he was complaining of? Your halitosis, your stinky hooves and your body odor. 
Do you know why I never told you? Because I’m nice. 
Do you know what I told him? I told him to suck it up, which is what you should have done. 
But oh, no, you couldn’t do that. 
You deserve special treatment. 
Well, Comet, I’m going to give you very special treatment this Christmas Eve. So special in fact, you had better be praying that Santa leaves a gas mask in your Christmas stocking this year. 
Here’s what I’m thinking. 
Have you heard of Sonya Thomas? She’s the Korean-born American competitive eater who currently holds the world record for eating baked beans. She once ate 8.4lbs of baked means in 2 min and 47 seconds. That same day, after she returned home and went to bed, overnight, her husband nearly died of asphyxiation. 
The only thing that saved him was a small crack under their bedroom door that let just enough oxygen in to prevent him from suffocating. 
Nothing is going to save you though. 
I’ll have a lot more than three minutes to prepare for our Christmas Eve outing this year. 
I’m going to eat so many baked beans, I’ll make Sonya Thomas look anorexic. 
You’re going to wish you’d never joined Santa’s reindeer troop, that you’d never been born with a nose, that Santa Claus doesn’t exist, and that Joseph and Mary never found that stable and that their firstborn died of hypothermia on the dirty streets of Bethlehem. 
I hope you have written a will. 
Don’t bother with an organ donor card as I think what I have planned is going to taint every major organ that you have.  
Love and kisses, Vixen.

###

Dear Vixen,

I need your advice. I’m an upstanding member of the community, I’m Chairwoman of the local Women’s Club, Secretary of the local Future Farmers of America chapter, a committed Christian, and I once held the state record for the most number Girl Scout cookies ever sold in twenty-four hours.
My family are my world. I have sacrificed everything to bring them up right. 
Let me describe my crisis succinctly: my son has asked for a Barbie Doll for Christmas. 
My son. 
Now I am second guessing everything about him. The gentle politeness I once saw in him, I now fear is effeminacy. 
He is at an impressionable age, and I worry that giving into his desire to play with dolls will lead him down a slippery slope from which there is no return. 
What do I do?

Janet

Vixen responds:

Damn it, Janet! What fucking century are we in?
No seriously, tell me because I took way too many drugs last night and I can’t actually remember. 
It’s the 21st, right? 
Is Amy Winehouse still alive? 
She died? 
Man, she knew how to party. 
You know they tried to make her go to rehab, but she said, “No, no, no.” 
Had she said, “Yes,” I suppose things might have turned out differently. 
Anyway, where was I? Oh, yes… tearing your bigoted dumb ass a new hole. 
So, you are worried about your son becoming a little fairy, are you Janet? 
Do you think withholding the Barbie doll he so dearly covets will change that, if he is? 
Of course not. 
What kind of world do you inhabit, if you think possessions can make him gayer or straighter? 
Do you think buying him a G.I. Joe will make him more likely to eat pussy in his later years? 
No. 
If you buy him a G.I. Joe, he will act out Duke boning Storm Shadow faster than you can say “real American hero.” 
That’s. Not. How. It. Works. 
Kids do not get gayer by listening to Elton John and then straighter by listening to Eminem. 
 Moreover, the color pink doesn’t make boys gay, nor blue make little girls want to munch rug. 
The notion is ridiculous. 
Especially if the child in question is color blind. 
You either like the taste of oysters or snails. Rarely do people like both. Unless you are bird, but they eat all kinds of shit, including other bird’s eggs, so it is best to avoid them as role models.  
Janet, do you think you could ever make love to a woman? 
No, right? 
I mean, maybe for a million bucks, but certainly not for free. 
That is because it’s simply not in your DNA to want to do that. 
You like, dick! 
And maybe you and your son have that in common! 
If that is the case the best thing you can do is accept the fact and not screw up his fragile little mind up by sending him a million-and-one signals that his is somehow wrong, broken, a disappointment to you, or unloved as a result of him just being himself.
I get that you want to protect him from all the other bigoted Janets and Karens in your middleclass neighborhood, but the simple fact is: they don’t matter. 
Not to your son. 
Yes, they can make snide remarks to him when he is young, but before you know it, he will have left home and bolted to a homosexual metropolis like Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago or (my favorite) New York. 
They have the best Cosmopolitans. 
What you have to realize is that your concern over your child’s obvious homosexuality has nothing to do with his wellbeing and everything to do with yours. 
You’re not worried about him being bullied at school, if you were, you would have paid more for the dental work you decided you “couldn’t really afford” for him, when in fact you spent it on a Michael Kors handbag for yourself. 
Kids are vicious, Janet. Those gnashers are going to get him noticed for all the wrong reasons and it is your fault. 
Michael Kors is gay by the way. He probably spent the money from the handbag he sold you on poppers, lube and a pair of matching leather harnesses for him and his partner.
You are also not worried about your son “going to Hell”. Though believe me, having raised him in Nowheresville, USA, if he does end up “down there” your suburban upbringing will have more than prepared him. 
No, you are worried about what your fellow congregation members think of you. 
What an awful Christian you must be to have brought a homosexual into the world, like you could have done anything to assist or prevent that from occurring. 
Let me make this clear: this is not about you. 
But it could be, as I will now explain.
Instead of trying to manipulate your child into your preferred sexual destiny for him, it’s time to turn your little faggot’s shirt-lifting to your own advantage. 
Do you know how many fashion designers are gay, Janet? 
All of them. 
Except for Vivienne Westwood, but she’s just weird. 
My advice to you, Janet, is make this work to your advantage. 
Your son could be the next Dolce or Gabanna. The next Alexander McQueen. The next Tom Ford, Calvin Klein, Giorgio Armani, Hubert de Givenchy, Pierre Cardin, Yves Saint Laurent, Christian Dior or Karl Lagerfeld. 
He might even be the next Rodolfo Alfonso Raffaello Pierre Filiberto Guglielmi di Valentina d'Antonguella. 
That’s Valentino, darling. 
But you get the idea, right? 
Think of all the free shit he could send your way when he is head of some French fashion house, or better yet has his own label. 
Ever wanted a pony, or a stable, or a racecourse for your birthday? 
This is how you get it. 
My advice: buy him the Barbie Doll, plus every outfit and shoe accessory for the doll that you can lay your bigoted little hands on. 
Get him fabric scissor too and every episode of Project Runway on Blu-ray or Netflix or whatever it is the kids watch TV trash on these days. 
Tim Gunn – another poof. 
I tell you they are everywhere. 
Well, except for in your church. 
I mean, who ever heard of a gay priest?






26 TWAS THE MORNING OF CHRISTMAS

(based on A Visit from St. Nicholas by Clement Clarke Moore, published in 1823)


Twas the morning of Christmas and all through the dwelling
The Richardson children were screaming and yelling
For Saint Nick had paid them a visit alright
And partied on L.S.D., all through the night

Their stockings were slung ‘cross the floor without care,
Mid stray lines of cocaine and large tufts of dog hair
Their contents exchanged, with their seams close to popping,
They were now filled with boogers, clipped toenails and droppings

Poor Tiddles, the cat, stumbled dazed and confused
With a lipstick moustache, and belly of booze 
While Fido, their dog, whimpered, frozen and wary
At the top of the Christmas tree, dressed like a fairy

The fish tank fared worse, with its water now murky
Full of floating marshmallows, whole yams and sliced turkey
While family portraits were now each adorned 
With sharpie-drawn glasses, beards, freckles and horns

The cabinet housing father’s antiques and vinyl
Had been reimagined as Saint Nick’s urinal
Sadly, his next feat had ended in folly
As he tried thrice to mate with a wreath made of holly

The kitchen was ransacked, the bar had been emptied
The chandelier smashed from a stunt he’d attempted
The tree lights were blown out, the gifts had been singed, 
Then Saint Nick had passed out from his drink and drugs binge

Later, Bob Richardson, crept down the stairs
A touch apprehensive of what he’d find there
But steadfast and armed with his new Smith and Wesson
Determined to teach his intruders a lesson

When Bob saw the carnage, his temper ran wild
Plus, reindeer had scared him since he was a child
Thus triggered, he vowed each trespasser be slain
So, he fired a warning shot through Dasher’s brain

Dancer fell next at the shell cases dropped
Shocking Cupid so much that he died on the spot
Next Blitzen and Donner in death throes did shudder
As a bullet passed through one and then through the other

Prancer enraged, reared up, antlers expressed 
Then he barreled at Bob like a demon possessed
But Bob saw this coming and threw out a knife
Which pierced Prancer’s sternum, thus ending his life

Vixen and Comet fell next to the ground
In a rat-a-tat-tat that echoed around
Rudolph sensing his ending was nigh 
Took a hoof-ful of pills and then bid life goodbye 

Still, Bob remained calm, for no laws had he broken
He’d claim self-defense and deer season was open
But while he was pondering venison steak
Saint Nick seized his chance to make good his escape

He didn’t get far as his senses were fried
With two feet made of lead and kaleidoscope eyes
He charged into a wall, promptly breaking his neck
Still, LSD sometimes can have that effect

And so, Bob dug a hole, in his yard, in the dark, 
And then walked to his toolshed and pulled out a tarp
And he said to himself as Nick’s grave he did cover,
“Merry Christmas to all, for there won’t be another.”

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Laurence Watts is a British-born, American writer and editor. 

He co-edited the final installment of Quentin Crisp’s autobiography The Last Word, published in 2017, and its companion And One More Thing, published in 2018. 

In 2018, he also published Life After Phillip Morris, which he co-wrote with four-time prison-escapee and conman Steven Jay Russell. 

The following year, he edited transgender flag creator and activist Monica Helms’ autobiography More Than Just A Flag, published in March 2019.

In December 2020, he published Threesome, a collection of comedic plays, co-written with Kevin Burnard. 

In October 2021, he published Poison & Bile at Christmas, a collection of comedic sketches and lyrics, themed around the holidays.

He has written for CNN, the BBC and The Guardian. 

He studied at Queens’ College, Cambridge University. 
He has no filter.
