
Pretenders

By Nathan Allen

Copyright 2022 Nathan Allen

Smashwords Edition

Cover image by Colibrian@99designs

Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. Thank you for your support.


 
CONTENTS

1992
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
1993
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
1994
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37

Also by Nathan Allen
 
All Against All
Hollywood Hack Job
Horrorshow
The War On Horror: Tales From A Post-Zombie Society
The War On Horror II: Return Of The Undead Menace 
 

 
1992
 
 
Chapter 1


24 September 1992
 
Dear Fawn,
London calling to the faraway towns!
Yeah, yeah, I know you’re sick of hearing me tell you this, but I’m still going to say it one more time: you really need to get yourself over here, pronto! London, Manchester, Bristol, Reykjavik, Berlin – maybe the message hasn’t traveled all the way across the pond yet, but the nineties will be taking place on THIS side of the Atlantic. This is where it’s all happening. Remember, you heard it here first.
Forget tired old LA sweetie, its moment has passed. I know you had your reasons for staying back and everything, but Europe is where it’s at. This is the land of infinite opportunities. The place is so vibrant, so ALIVE! The wall is down, the Soviet empire has crumbled, the cultures are intermixing, new and old worlds coming together in a glorious melting pot, a hub of boundless creativity unlike anywhere else on the planet. Paris is no more than a short trip on the Eurostar. Amsterdam is a six-hour ferry ride away. Spain is a two-hour flight. The clubs, the fashion, the culture, the atmosphere. You haven’t lived until you’ve been here – you’ve only existed.
And the music! Oh my god, it is PHE-NOM-EN-AL!! Check out this rollcall of talent: Massive Attack. Paul Oakenfold. Spiritualized. Jesus Jones. My Bloody Valentine. Stereo MCs. These are the performances I have witnessed in just THE LAST NINE DAYS!! Some of those names might not mean anything to you, but trust me, the sounds they generate are like transmissions beamed in from the fourth dimension. A soundtrack to a near-future utopia. Track down some of their imports if you can.
I hope all is well in your corner of the world. I’m thinking of coming home for Christmas, but who knows? When you’re living in the center of the universe, why would you ever want to leave?
Anyway, I’m off to Brussels with friends in a week’s time, and then on to Prague after that. I’ll try and get another letter off before then, or maybe I’ll write one on the train ride between the two cities, but if I can’t, I know you’ll forgive me. So much is happening right now that it’s sometimes difficult to remember where I am or what day it is.
Karli xoxoxoxo
 
 
 
Halcyon nightclub was located along a stretch of Los Angeles urban ennui better known for its car dealerships and constantly proliferating chain restaurants than its electrifying nightlife.
The supply closet doubled as the backstage dressing room. A mop and bucket sat in the far corner, filled with murky days-old gray water. The shelves were stacked with gallon-sized bottles of disinfectant and ammonia. There was a distinct rotten cabbage smell, most likely due to a rodent carcass decomposing somewhere in the walls or ceiling.
A sheet of mirrored glass the size of a newspaper was glued to the wall. Beneath that was an old dresser with no two legs the same length. The room pulsated in time with the synth bassline of “I Feel Love”. This was the closing number for Janice, the Donna Summer impersonator currently performing on stage.
Fawn de Jager sat alone beneath a bare light globe hanging from the ceiling. She folded the letter in half once she had finished reading it, then slipped it back into the envelope and stashed it away in her bag.
Two years ago, her best friend Karli Cook had left LA for Europe on what was supposed to be a three-month trip but soon stretched out to six months, then a year, and now indefinitely. It wasn’t difficult to see why she kept putting off coming home. Reading her fortnightly correspondence was like a glimpse into another world, a fantasy life closer to that of an international model or jet-setting socialite than of someone she had known since the age of eleven. While it always brought a smile to her face to hear about the all-night beach parties in Barcelona, the awe-inspiring ruins of the Acropolis of Athens, and the geothermal spas in Iceland, the fact that Fawn had to read about it while sitting on an uncomfortable plastic bucket chair in a dingy dressing room, wearing rubber bracelets and a puffy thrift store dress, and she could not be over there with her, meant that each of these missives came tinged with sadness.
Three quick knocks, and then the door was flung open.
“You ’bout ready, Fawn?” the club’s manager said, sticking his head inside. He was a stout man in his fifties, with a horseshoe of jet-black hair encircling an otherwise bald head. She often wondered why he bothered to dye it – did he really believe this made him look younger, despite it only covering one-third of his scalp? She had met him six or seven times by now and still had not made the effort to remember his name.
“I’ll be right there,” she said.
She couldn’t summon the energy to become upset by the way he had barged into the dressing room unannounced, as if those three rapid knocks were enough to absolve him of inappropriate behavior. After performing for more than half her life, she had come to expect this from a certain type of club manager. She had learned from a young age never to remain in a state of undress for too long, and she knew to drag some sort of obstacle in front of the door should the situation demand it.
The manager left without closing the door, and she reviewed the setlist one more time. She would open tonight’s show with “Holiday”, as she did most nights, before segueing into the mid-eighties party starters: “Into The Groove”, “Lucky Star”, “Material Girl”, “Open Your Heart”. A few slower tracks would follow (“Oh Father”, “Crazy For You”), before a ninety-second instrumental medley to facilitate a costume change, shedding the puffy dress and oversized neon sweater to reveal a much skimpier outfit underneath, and then onto the fan favorites (“Borderline”, “La Isla Bonita”, “Causing A Commotion”, “Everybody”). She would bring it home with a bracket of classics that should have the dancefloor at least half full: “Like A Prayer”, “Papa Don’t Preach”, “Vogue”, “Like A Virgin”, “Express Yourself”.
She adjusted her wig and did a final touch-up of her makeup. She looked the part, and now it was time to act the part. She would step onto that stage and give it everything she had. She would deliver a show so good that, to the untrained eye or the vision impaired, they were watching the real Madonna – if she happened to be putting on an impromptu performance in a club with a capacity of three hundred, upstairs from an all-you-can-eat seafood buffet.
She was still the most in-demand performer for Ze-Rocks Tribute Artists.
Fawn didn’t always enjoy these shows, and some nights were more of a struggle than others, but she would never dare complain. She was doing what she loved. Being paid to sing was better than any day job. And it would all be worth it in the end.
It had to be. There was no plan B.
 
 
Chapter 2
 

The office of Silver Star Records and Ze-Rocks Tribute Artists was situated in a Los Feliz strip mall, accessible only via a narrow staircase. A drycleaners occupied the floor below. Next to that was a shady-looking Armenian guy hawking counterfeit jewelry and fake gemstones to passers-by.
Fawn trudged up the stairs the morning after her show at Halcyon. Gordon, the agency’s Lionel Ritchie impersonator, was leaving just as she was arriving. They exchanged quick hellos as they passed
The haggard appearance of her manager was something she was ill-prepared to deal with at such an early hour. Julian T. Rockefeller had the ash-gray complexion of a man who had gone days without seeing direct sunlight. His eyes looked like he’d been smoking two packs a day and using his own face as an ashtray. Fawn’s heart sank when she saw the condition he was in. She tried to ignore the rumors, and he never did anything in her presence, but his colorful past was all on public record, and the evidence often right in front of her. In addition to every other problem in her life, the last thing she needed was having to worry about her manager, the man who also ran the label she was signed to, making decisions about her career on day three of a five-day coke bender.
His shirt was marked with unsightly sweat patches, and his hair was sticking out at different angles at the back and the sides. The slept-in-the-office look didn’t inspire confidence in his capabilities as a manager. His hair wouldn’t look half as bad if he’d just get it cut. It was thinning at the front, but like so many men staring down the barrel of middle age, he kept it longer in a desperate attempt to hold onto the last threads of his youth. This only accentuated the receding, thereby making him appear older. She’d dropped the occasional hint about how much better it would look if he cut it short, but he never caught on.
“Two more shows have come in for next week,” Julian said, tossing an envelope on the desk after she took her seat. “One’s at a nightclub. The other’s a corporate event.”
She collected the envelope without responding, opening it and tallying up the bills inside. She insisted on being paid in cash after he had written one too many bad checks, and she insisted on counting it out in front of him after he’d short-changed her one too many times. She didn’t bother being discreet about it, either. She no longer cared if it annoyed or offended him.
“The corporate gig’s on Wednesday,” he continued, his eyes becoming even more bloodshot after rubbing them with his thumb and forefinger. “Some accountancy firm, I think. Early evening, mixed crowd, range of ages. Stick to the hits. Nothing obscure. Definitely none of the raunchy stuff, otherwise it might get uncomfortable.”
His British accent was harder to decipher on days like this; a string of syllables mashed into one continuous gurgle. Fawn needed to lean in slightly and pay close attention if she was to pick out enough words to figure out what he was trying to say.
“Friday will be at Velveteen. Younger crowd, so you can throw in some of the newer tunes. A few deep cuts, if you see fit. Might wanna do that new single. I’ll see if I can get you an advance copy of the album. You can ’ave a listen and decide if there’s anything worth adding to your set.”
The new Madonna album, Erotica, was scheduled for release later that month, accompanied by what appeared to be a softcore pornography coffee table book with the less than subtle title of Sex. The hype leading up to the book and the album’s release had been off the charts, with the press getting all hot and bothered over the risqué content, and conservative groups declaring it would lead to the downfall of society and the destruction of the traditional family unit.
Millions of Madonna fans were counting down the days until the 20 October release date, but Fawn was less than thrilled by the prospect. She enjoyed Madonna’s songs, or at least she enjoyed them before she had to sing them every other night for the past two years. She preferred her pop hits of the mid-eighties over her more recent material. But wherever Madonna went Fawn had to follow, which meant she would soon be wearing even fewer clothes on stage and singing about bondage and obscure fetishes, the thought of which filled her with dread. It wasn’t that she was a prude or uptight; it had more to do with the section of the audience that would display their appreciation through wolf-whistles and lewd comments rather than applause. She could be singing about taxation law and she would still have to endure drunken creeps gawping at her. God only knows how they’d respond to these new songs, which were basically three and a half minutes of heavy breathing set to music.
She also doubted Julian had the industry connections to score an advance copy of what was one of the year’s most anticipated releases. This may have been his attempt at impressing her, talking himself up and exaggerating his influence, which he had a habit of doing. She hoped that’s all it was. It would be concerning if he believed he still had that kind of power.
“Can’t wait,” she said, as she went to stand. The back of her chair bumped against the filing cabinet as she pushed it out. The office was about the size of a walk-in closet. The windows didn’t open, or if they did she had never seen them open, and so the place always smelled like the inside of a cupboard. When she first came here, Julian insisted this was just his temporary base, but it soon became clear this was all he could afford.
“Fawn, before you leave, there’s something else I wanted to talk to you about,” he said, motioning for her to sit back down. “What do you think about Cher?”
“What about her?” Fawn said.
“I’m thinking about adding a Cher to the talent roster. She’s more popular than I realized. I assumed she was past her prime, but it turns out the poofs love her. We’ve been getting a few requests, so if you’re interested in picking up some extra work, let me know.”
“You’re asking if I want to do Cher shows as well?”
“It’s a chance to double your work and take home some real dosh. You could be doing shows every night of the week, if you wanted.”
Fawn closed her eyes and let out a small sigh. “Julian, I do not want to do shows every night of the week.”
“No bother. I just thought I’d offer it to you before I took out an ad.”
“But why would you even ask me that? You know I want to stop doing the tribute act stuff and start focusing on my own music. You said you were going to help me with that.”
Julian winced, as if struck by a stabbing pain between his ears. Fawn wasn’t sure if it was her words that had caused this, or if this was his nocturnal activities catching up with him.
“We’ve discussed this already,” he said, opening the top drawer of his desk and rummaging around inside. “I will help you with your own music. Soon. But these things take time, kid.”
“I’ve given it time. More than two years of my time, in fact. I never wanted to sing other people’s songs in the first place, and I want to do my own stuff now.”
“I understand, but it’s simply not possible at the moment. The money’s just not there. Everything we have is tied up in the Warpistol album.”
Warpistol. A bunch of underperforming and overindulged adolescents. Just hearing their name was enough to make Fawn retch. Julian, for reasons known only to himself, had funneled a river of money into their career development and hedonistic lifestyle ever since he signed them. Fawn had unwittingly contributed to those funds, thanks to the revenue she had generated with her Madonna performances.
“Their album is almost complete,” Julian continued, eventually finding what he was looking for – an aspirin packet. He popped three tablets from the blister pack. “It’s slated for release early next year. Once it’s done, they’ll head out on tour and we’ll have a much healthier cash flow. Then we’ll have the resources to devote to your career, and you will become Silver Star Records’ number one priority. Nineteen ninety-three will be your year, I promise.”
I promise. Two words that came easily for Julian. Fawn had heard them so many times that they had been rendered meaningless. It was a verbal tic, a way to end a sentence, the way others finished their sentences with “you know what I mean?”
The sad thing was that she had no choice but to go along with it. She had put all her faith in Julian, trusting him when he said he could turn her into a star. This was the sunk cost fallacy; she continued to do everything he told her in the faint hope that he would eventually deliver on his promises. The alternative was to cut her losses and throw away the last two years of her life – something she could not afford to do.
 
 
As with many things in Julian T. Rockefeller’s life, his entry into the music business was something he fell into without much planning or forethought. He was born in Reading, England in 1949 to an upper middle-class family, and he breezed through his school years without exerting himself any more than necessary. His parents knew that he was spoilt and sorely lacking in ambition, and so shortly after his final exams he was put to work at Lipshut’s Electrical, the business founded by his grandfather and run by his father and uncle.
He had about as much enthusiasm for the job as he did for his studies. Having to rise early and put on a shirt and tie was an unfair imposition on an otherwise carefree lifestyle. His days were nine-hour sentences of sweeping floors, counting stock, and trying to talk housewives into purchasing the more expensive vacuum cleaner over the cheaper version, even though they more or less performed the same task. The part of the job he hated most was the loading of cumbersome washers, dryers, and refrigerators into the company truck and delivering them to customers’ homes, where he would then have to unload them and lug them inside the house. This was torture for someone with a pathological aversion to physical work, although there was one fringe benefit to all of this – it gave him round-the-clock access to the keys to the truck.
The late sixties witnessed a surge in demand for young men in sharp suits belting out the pop hits of the day. Exciting new bands such as the Beatles, the Who and the Rolling Stones had turned a generation of teenagers on to the thrill of pop and rock music, but few fans would ever have the opportunity to see these bands up close. The next best thing was having their hits replicated at the local clubs and dance halls by one of the many combos that had sprung up across the country.
Julian lacked the talent to play in a band – he could wring a few chords out of a Rickenbacker, but he couldn’t keep time to save his life. The one thing he did have was access to a large vehicle. The company truck may have been an industrial refrigerator on wheels with the turning ability of the QE2, but it was perfect for transporting bands and their gear to and from gigs. He took it out whenever it pleased him, and he made some easy cash by renting out his services three or four nights a week.
His father and uncle eventually caught on to what he was doing, but by then he had saved up enough to buy a second-hand lorry of his own. He ignored his father’s protests and quit his job, and he spent the next few years as a driver/roadie for dozens of local bands. He grew tired of the physical work soon enough, but by then he had figured out that he could make more money for less work by becoming these bands’ tour manager. He also began putting on shows of his own – booking venues, hiring the talent, selling tickets, and not really caring if anyone other than himself got paid in the end.
After a decade of managing and touring with countless groups, he had seen just about all the British Isles had to offer, along with the occasional jaunt over to mainland Europe, but what he really wanted was to get to America. His wish was granted in 1979, when he talked his way into a job as part of Status Quo’s touring party. He was hired as stage manager – a role he wasn’t remotely qualified for, but one he managed to bluff his way through by delegating his tasks to anyone beneath him. His greatest contribution to the tour involved sourcing drugs for the band and their hangers-on; something he discovered he had a unique talent for.
Status Quo returned to the UK following a disappointing tour, but Julian stayed behind. His newly discovered drug-sourcing ability had made him popular with many of the American bands whose orbit he had come into. He crisscrossed the continent for several years, bouncing from road crew to road crew, and he was never short on work – this was an era where no serious rock band was complete without at least one British guy in their entourage. His Rolodex, brimming with the names and phone numbers of the premium narcotic suppliers in every major American city, guaranteed his job security.
In 1982, his industry connections helped him land a job as a talent scout for Atonal, a young independent label based in Los Angeles that specialized in the new hard rock sound exploding in popularity across the world. He was there for eighteen months, where he spent more time propping up the bar at the Rainbow and the Whisky A Go Go than at the label’s Palo Alto headquarters. 
Atonal was acquired by Atlantic Records in 1983. Despite Julian achieving nothing of note during his year and a half at the label, his new employer chose to retain his services, and he found himself with a steady salary for the first time in his life. He also had a job he had no desire to do – a position in sales and marketing, something he found almost as mind-numbing as selling vacuum cleaners. He was more interested in hitting the town with the label’s talent roster, many of whom were happy to invite this yappy Brit with access to the best coke and Mandrax pills into their inner circle.
Employee turnover at most labels was high, and Atlantic Records in the mid-eighties was no exception. Staff were quitting or getting fired on a weekly basis, which allowed Julian to move up the ladder by dint of keeping out of the way. He went from his sales and marketing role to publicity rep, then to head of press, and then on to artist relations. He only ever did enough work to get by, but he could think on his feet and play label politics as well as anyone. He wouldn’t hesitate to throw a colleague under the bus if it helped him get ahead, and he would happily take credit for the success of bands – such as Foreigner, AC/DC, and Quiet Riot – that he had nothing to do with.
In 1986, the Atlantic Records board of directors, mistaking proximity for competency and correlation for causation, promoted Julian to the head of A&R.
This was where he really came into his own. Armed with a thick book of blank checks, he embarked on a spending spree that would make Liberace blush. Obscene sums of money were thrown at any band with long hair, loud guitars, lipstick, and leather trousers. Ninety percent of them came and went in the blink of an eye, ending up as nothing more than tax write-offs, but every so often a Twisted Sister or Cinderella or Ratt or Skid Row would break through, and their success allowed the powers-that-be to look past his many failures.
His behavior during this period epitomized the era. It was all about excess, all the time. Everything had to be bigger, brasher, in-your-face, more. Why spend two hundred grand on the debut record of an unknown band when you could blow through two million? Why shoot a music video in two days on a Burbank soundstage when you could fly the band and their entourage to São Paulo on a private jet and spend a week filming on location? It was a philosophy that crossed over into his personal life as he burned through multiple cars, homes, friendships and marriages, his lifestyle fueled by a never-ending expense account and South America’s highest quality pharmaceuticals.
During his tenure, he managed to alienate and ingratiate his colleagues in equal measure. He was forever burning his bridges and rubbing people the wrong way with his boorish behavior, but as long as the river of cash continued to flow, he was allowed to get away with it. Perhaps his most notorious legacy was his penchant for shameless publicity stunts. He loved nothing more than using an offensive quote or a salacious rumor to drum up some free press; anything that would stir up controversy and get his artists’ names in the papers. He knew that any instance of outraging public decency translated to an extra hundred thousand record sales.
He was on top of the world, and he bought into the hype. He believed everything that was said about him, and he grossly overestimated his own abilities.
But as the decade wound down, signs were afoot that the era of decadence and these garish rock and roll Caligulas might be coming to end. Top ten singles came around every six months rather than every six weeks. Albums that would have shifted three million units had they been released in 1985 struggled to go gold in 1989. The public were harder to shock, and so Julian’s stunts weren’t nearly as effective as they once were. Strange, foreign sounds without a guitar in sight were infiltrating the top forty, and selling dumb rock music to dumb American teenagers was no longer the fish-in-a-barrel exercise it once was. He threw record deals at scores of bands that were blatant rip-offs of other successful acts: there was a Guns N’ Roses clone, a Bon Jovi clone, a Def Leppard clone, and about ten Mötley Crüe clones. These acts replicated the bands they mimicked in every conceivable way except for sales figures. One by one, their albums stiffed. He let Faith No More slip through his fingers, and he passed on Soundgarden and the Black Crowes. Pressure was building to deliver the hits and keep his job, and he grew desperate.
He decided to go for his most audacious publicity stunt to date. It was one that was of questionable taste. His colleagues warned him not to do it, but he ignored them. Julian was a lifelong gambler with an addiction to risk, and so he went all in.
The band he was attempting to launch was called Obadiah. In their publicity shots, they wore black cowboy hats and leather jackets with no shirt underneath. They hadn’t done much for Atlantic Records besides hoovering up their money, but Julian was convinced he had discovered the Iron Maiden of the nineties. He only needed to get their name out into the wider world to set the ball rolling.
A press release was sent out stating that the light aircraft the band was traveling on had disappeared somewhere over Arizona. Authorities were scouring the area for the wreckage, but it was presumed that all five band members on board had perished, along with the pilot and several crew.
The top brass at Atlantic were furious when they found out what Julian had done, especially after he had explicitly been warned not to, but he was unapologetic. He assured them he had everything under control. The press would soon run stories lamenting the tragic loss of life, these five young men cut down in their prime, before the band would emerge days later, having fortuitously missed their doomed flight due to their vehicle breaking down on the way to the airport, leaving them stranded and cut off from all communication. Their remarkable tale would be irresistible fodder for the news media here and around the world, leading to greater name recognition, increased radio play, and ultimately record and ticket sales.
He knew the risk he was taking, but he also knew he could get away with literally anything if it made money. The board could bellyache about ethics and morality all they liked, but their only real concern was the bottom line. He even promised that if he was wrong about the stunt and Obadiah did not have a platinum record by the end of the year, he would walk away from his position as head of A&R.
They would never find out whether or not the stunt would have worked. That was because a day later, on 27 August 1990, Stevie Ray Vaughan’s life was tragically cut short when his helicopter crashed shortly after take-off following a show in Chicago. Prior to this, Julian’s plan to fake the band members’ deaths in an aviation accident was considered to be in poor taste. Now, it was indefensibly loathsome.
His fate had been sealed. Ahmet Ertegun himself ordered his immediate termination.
He may have found himself out of a job, but the setback barely made a scratch in Julian T. Rockefeller’s unshakable self-belief. He had been one of the industry’s most successful executives, and in his mind there was nothing stopping him from reclaiming that mantle. He would do it all again, only this time he would do it on his own terms. He now had free reign to do what he liked without all the lawyers and bean counters breathing down his neck.
Five days on from his dismissal, following two nights of heavy partying at CC DeVille’s Calabasas mansion, he decided to start his own label. He would call it Silver Star Records.
Few noticed when Obadiah, the band that was said to have perished in a fiery plane crash five months earlier, released their debut album in February 1991. It sold 6,492 copies in the first year of release. They were dropped from Atlantic Records and disbanded a short time later.
 


Chapter 3


From a distance, the Van Nuys apartment complex that Fawn called home looked like half a dozen pink and white shoeboxes stacked on top of one another. Eighty percent of the occupants were dewy-eyed actors who had migrated to LA in pursuit of fame and fortune. The remaining twenty percent were recent divorcés in between permanent residences.
The complex was a ninety-minute, two-bus journey from Julian’s office. The rent ate up a substantial portion of her weekly income, but anything cheaper would come with an even more grueling commute. Fawn always stepped off the bus two miles before her stop to walk the rest of the way. If she ever saw an opportunity for exercise, she took it.
She kicked off her shoes as soon as she walked through the door. She rehydrated with a glass of cold water and went about finding something to eat. She opened the cupboard, her eyes alighting upon an unopened box of soda crackers, before closing it again. Snacking in between meals was a bad idea, and it would cancel out the calories she’d burned on her two-mile hike. Instead, she went straight to the bathroom and stepped on the scales. She was up to 121. Her hunger disappeared when she saw those numbers. She had gained three pounds in the past forty-eight hours. 
An acapella rendition of “I Think I’m Gonna Like It Here” from Annie filtered through her walls, courtesy of her new neighbors – a thirtysomething woman and her preteen daughter who had moved in a month ago. They had ventured to Hollywood from somewhere in the south for pilot season, and they spent much of their spare time belting out showtunes duets at full voice; something Fawn found impossibly charming the first time she heard it, but whose charm had faded considerably in the weeks since.
She could feel a headache coming. She wanted to lie down on the couch in front of the TV and forget about her problems for the next couple of hours, but she knew she couldn’t do that. There was too much to do. There was always too much to do.
Her bag was still unpacked from last night’s performance. She tipped all her clothes into the middle of her bedroom floor, tossing anything that needed to be cleaned into the laundry pile and squeezing the rest into her bulging wardrobe. Madonna’s ever-evolving look meant that Fawn was forever shelling out for new outfits and changing her style to keep up. It was expensive, even if she could claim it all on tax, but at least she didn’t have to go through as much as Kelvin, the agency’s Michael Jackson impersonator.
Next, she hauled a cardboard box filled with her ex-boyfriend Jesse’s CDs, magazines, clothes, and other junk out to the sidewalk and propped it up on top of a trashcan. This was something she had been threatening to do for months, and now she had finally done it. She held onto the three good CDs he owned for herself (Purple Rain, Tango In The Night and Remain In Light) and left all the soft rock and camp metal for any passers-by to rummage through. She pictured a bunch of impressionable teenagers coming across the stash, filling their pockets with freebies, and then going on to form some godawful band in which they wore leather waistcoats and performed songs influenced by Judas Priest and REO Speedwagon.
Jesse played guitar in a group called Kilgore Trout, although he and Fawn had met when he was part of Ze-Rocks’ Queen covers band. They had broken up two months ago, and she had contacted him numerous times to tell him that she would dispose of his belongings if he didn’t come around to collect them soon. He kept promising to pick them up, “when I get around to it, babe”. She decided that she had given him ample opportunity to do this. He probably assumed she wouldn’t follow through with her threats.
He had pursued her for months before she agreed to go out with him. She brushed off his advances to begin with, not because she thought it would be a bad idea to become involved with someone who was basically a co-worker – although that was part of the reason – but because she’d been around enough musicians to know it was best to avoid them. He was persistent though, promising that he was nothing like those malignant LA douchebag rockers she might have encountered before, and that if she could look past the hair, the clothes, and the tattoos, she would see that he was a well-raised, respectful Midwestern boy who only wanted to play music. Eventually, she gave him a chance.
He broke it off with her three months later when Julian offered him a spot in Warpistol as third guitarist for their live shows. He was apologetic but insisted it was for the best, claiming that he did it to protect her feelings. He believed the relationship was unlikely to withstand the pressures that came with life on the road, and it was better they end it now and remain friends before real feelings were hurt. She didn’t buy that excuse for a second. She knew that he would soon be off touring the world and partying with the likes of Aerosmith and the Red Hot Chili Sex Pests, with the accompanying smorgasbord of groupies and controlled substances, and he just wanted to indulge in as much as possible with a clear conscience.
She went back inside once she had cleansed her apartment of his remaining junk, and she peeled the shrink wrap off one of the CDs she had purchased on her way home. Julian’s office may have been in an inconvenient location, but it was also a short walk from Redacted Records, a goldmine of a store that she had stumbled across one day that specialized in cheap second-hand CDs, tapes, and vinyl, as well as not-so-cheap rarities and imports.
The CD she had purchased today was by a UK group called Orbital. Karli had recommended their eponymous debut album in one of her recent letters, and Fawn always loved the music Karli would tell her about. Listening to them made her feel that little bit more connected to her best friend, despite being on opposite sides of the world. Her CD rack was filled with albums bought solely on her recommendation: Screamadelica, Blue Lines, Loveless, Lazer Guided Melodies, The Stone Roses, Nowhere, Club Classics Vol. I, The White Room, Pills ’n’ Thrills and Bellyaches, Connected. Groundbreaking sounds were emerging from the UK and Europe, where it seemed like music was being reinvented on a weekly basis. Acid house, ambient techno, Balearic beat, shoegaze, trance, trip hop, breakbeat; it was like nothing that had come before. Little of it had caught on Stateside, but that was only a matter of time. Music this revolutionary couldn’t be confined to just one corner of the globe.
The disc loaded and she pressed play. Track one opened with a Star Trek sample, followed by a sequence of hypnotic alien bleeps. Fawn fished Karli’s letter from her bag and laid down on her bed.
Reading these letters was always bittersweet. She was happy that Karli was having such an amazing time, but a little forlorn that she couldn’t be there with her. This felt like an encapsulation of Fawn’s current experience – everyone else was off having the time of their lives, while she was spinning her wheels and going nowhere. She knew it was wrong to envy someone you cared so much about, but it wasn’t always possible to control your emotions.
The hardest part was knowing that she could be over there too. When Karli and Fawn turned twenty-one, they both gained access to the trusts holding the money they had earned as kids. It wasn’t a life-changing amount, but it was more than either one of them had ever had before. Karli made plans to head to Europe, and Fawn was ready to go along with her – but then the deal with Silver Star Records came along, and she decided to stay back and focus on her music. Things were just starting to happen for her, or so she was led to believe. Had she known she would spend the next two years performing cover songs to indifferent audiences, she may have reconsidered.
The Orbital CD had stopped for several minutes before the silence registered. Fawn looked across to her stereo. The album had played all the way through to the end. She had wasted more than an hour lying there, and it was now 5:05 p.m. If she was going to do a show at the Holloway tonight, she had better get moving.
The Holloway was a venue in North Hollywood, and one of several where she regularly performed her original material. Anyone was allowed onstage, and no money was involved. Countless bands, from Oingo Boingo to Jane’s Addiction, had played there over the years before they made it big. It was sometimes difficult for Fawn to find the time and the motivation to do these shows, especially with her Ze-Rocks commitments taking up most of her nights, but she made the effort to keep turning up. If she took a night off, she’d be climbing the walls wondering if that was the night Prince wandered through the doors, spotted her performing, and decided that she would become his next collaborator. There must be thousands of brilliant artists out there languishing in obscurity who would never know they had missed their one and only chance to make it big because they had taken the wrong night off.
If she wanted this badly enough, she would force herself to get out there and do it. If she didn’t, somebody else would take the spot that should have been hers.
 
 
Los Angeles was a brutal town, and not for the meek or the timid. When Fawn first began actively pursuing a career in music, she sought out a community, a movement, a happening; something like the vibrant San Francisco scene of her parents’ era, or London in the Swinging Sixties, or the New York of the late seventies. A haven for creative types, and a fertile environment simmering with endless possibilities.
She soon discovered such a thing did not exist in LA. It never had, and it probably never would. Seattle and Manchester may have been having their moments in the spotlight, but here it was much different. It was dog-eat-dog, crabs-in-a-barrel, every man, woman, and child for themselves. Musical Darwinism, a rock and roll Lord of the Flies. If you wanted to make it, you had to fight for your spot and not be afraid to fight dirty, otherwise you’d get trampled on.
 
 
 
Chapter 4
 

The first Fawn heard of Silver Star Records, the new label founded by former Atlantic Records honcho Julian T. Rockefeller, was through an article in the LA Weekly toward the end of 1990. Their inaugural signing was Warpistol, a white-hot local glam metal act that combined Halen-esque riffs with KISS’s theatrics and the outlandish wardrobe of the New York Dolls. The label’s formation and Warpistol’s seven-figure multi-album deal were both announced at a notorious press conference held at the Chateau Marmont, which ended with band members gargling Smirnoff, picking fights with journalists and each other, hurling furniture into swimming pools, and making widely criticized comments about the ongoing tension in the Middle East.
Fawn was in her early twenties, but by that point she had been writing her own songs for ten years, having first tasted fame at the age of eleven as one half of the Christian pop duo Pure N Simple. She had sent her demo to as many labels as she could, where she received the occasional “thanks, but no thanks”, although most enquiries were met with a cold shoulder. She often wondered if any of them had bothered to listen to her tape at all. Maybe they saw her name and remembered her as the plump preteen from that corny early-eighties pop act, and the tape went straight in the reject pile.
She wasn’t about to give up on her lifelong dream though, and so she kept plugging away, working on new songs every day and putting on shows wherever she could. She tracked down Silver Star’s address and mailed in her demo, along with a short note detailing her background and hopes for her career. She didn’t have high expectations – she was a long-forgotten former child star trying to make the difficult transition to adult pop stardom, whereas Julian T. Rockefeller was famous for working with the hard rocking, hard partying hellraisers that tore up the Sunset Strip during the eighties – but she figured she had nothing to lose. Much to her surprise, he called her up a couple of weeks later to invite her in for a chat. She was even more surprised when he offered to manage her and give her a record deal within the first ten minutes.
The meeting passed in a blur. Fawn barely had to say a word as Julian rhapsodized about his plans for the label, her career, and for shaking up the industry at large. He was effusive when praising her music, declaring that within minutes of popping her demo into the tape deck he had glimpsed the future of commercial pop. He wanted to put her in the studio as soon as humanly possible. He was going to get her music in record stores, on the radio, and on the soundtracks of major Hollywood movies, or he would die trying. The public needed to hear her remarkable talent, and he would do everything in his power to make that happen.
This was the first instance of Julian overpromising and underdelivering, and it would not be the last.
The label burned through a good portion of its cash reserves much faster than anticipated, mostly due to Julian’s permissive attitude toward Warpistol, showering them with money the way he did with his bands at Atlantic, only without the benefit of a major conglomerate like Warner Music to supply the checks. His solution to these financial woes was to start up Ze-Rocks, a talent agency that booked cover artists. Tribute acts were commonplace in the UK, but less so in the States, and so he saw a gap in the market where there would be little competition. This new venture brought in some much-needed revenue and helped keep the label afloat.
Plans for Fawn to record were placed on hold, and Julian convinced her to do a few gigs as a Madonna tribute act in the meantime. He assured her that this would provide her with more on-stage experience, and it was an opportunity to hone her skills and become “match fit”, like an athlete preparing for the big leagues, or the Beatles in Hamburg. 
The shows were fun to begin with. She was being paid to sing on stage and in front of an audience, even if they were someone else’s songs while she was doing her best facsimile of that person. She dived into her new job with the same zeal and ferocity that she brought to her singing career. Other performers would do a passable imitation of the artist they were covering, but Fawn strived for authenticity. She learned Madonna’s entire back catalog, from early obscurities through to B-sides and album deep cuts, even though she would never need to sing most of those songs. She studied and practiced her dance moves, mimicking her idiosyncrasies and mannerisms right down to the way she held the microphone and flicked her hair from her eyes. She was a technically more proficient singer than Madonna, so she trained herself to sing with a slightly limited vocal range. She rehearsed every single day, and she spent a small fortune in keeping up with her ever-changing style. The regular income meant she didn’t need to wait tables anymore.
She soon became Ze-Rocks’ most popular performer. There were times where some in the audience believed they were watching the real thing, although those that did were usually very young, very old or highly inebriated.
But as the months rolled on, the thrill of doing the shows wore off as Fawn watched her own dreams go nowhere. These gigs were only supposed to be a temporary diversion, but as more time passed, Julian displayed less and less interest in developing her career. He appeared happy to keep her where she was, bringing in money by having her play casinos, fairs, festivals, clubs, bar mitzvahs and birthday parties.
Julian insisted he knew what he was doing. He assured her that he had a clear career path mapped out for her. Nothing happened overnight, he would tell her, and she needed to pay her dues and go through a period of struggle, otherwise she would have trouble appreciating success when it eventually came. The worst thing that could happen to an artist was for them to get everything they ever wanted right away. “Look at Clapton,” he once said when she complained about his lack of action. “He wanted Pattie Boyd and he couldn’t have her, so what does he do? He’s inspired to write ‘Layla’, one of the greatest musical compositions since Edison invented the phonograph. That’s what suffering does for your art. You can’t write a song like that just by imagining what it must be like to be in love with your best friend’s wife. You have to live through the pain. But then she ends up leaving George Harrison and shacks up with him, and he was never the same after that. That creative fire was extinguished, and he starts writing maudlin pap like ‘Wonderful Tonight’, one of the worst pieces of music since Edison invented the phonograph. The lesson here is that if you get too much too soon, it can affect you in the long-term.”
Fawn went along with Julian’s plan to begin with, albeit begrudgingly. He was older and had more industry experience, and so she assumed he knew what he was talking about. But as more time passed and he continued to stonewall, she began to lose faith in this strategy. It made sense for her to gain onstage experience, just as it made sense for Daniel LaRusso to paint fences and wax cars to learn the fundamentals of karate, but if he was made to do this night in, night out for years on end and with no end in sight, he might begin to suspect that Mr. Miyagi was just using him as a source of free labor.
A dozen other acts had signed with Silver Star Records around the same time as Fawn. One by one, they departed the label when better offers came along, or they simply grew disillusioned with Julian’s empty promises and gave up. By mid-1992, only her and Warpistol remained.
She didn’t want to come across as ungrateful. Singing pop songs in nightclubs was far from the worst way to make a living, and it was much easier than telemarketing or waitressing, but now she was over it. She was no longer just stagnating; she was regressing. She had to move forward, or she would be stuck doing this for the next ten years. The industry was becoming increasingly youth focused, which meant her window of opportunity was shrinking with every day that passed. Something needed to happen soon, otherwise it never would.
 
 
Even though she didn’t arrive home until well after midnight, Fawn still set her alarm for six-thirty to go for an early morning run. The 121 pounds on yesterday’s scales played on her mind throughout the rest of the night. She tried not to let it affect her performance, but she couldn’t say for sure that it hadn’t. She could hear the voice of the Whispering Cynic, that malicious internal heckler who loved nothing more than to feed her self-doubt and point out her every shortcoming, snickering in her ear at least once.
The gig itself was unremarkable. She was given a twenty-minute, five-song slot, wedged in between an arty noise-rock trio and an all-white reggae collective. She played to an audience of seventeen, none of whom were diminutive purple-clad musical geniuses from Minneapolis. One or two songs received polite applause; the rest were met with polite indifference. Several drinkers moved away when she began so they could drown their sorrows in peace. Tuesday was never the most exciting night at the Holloway.
She returned from her run after ninety minutes, her joints aching and her legs and lungs burning. She had a quick shower, then spent the rest of the morning putting together another demo for an independent Chicago-based label she had heard about. She compiled a list of fifteen songs that she thought would appeal to them, which were narrowed down to five and shifted around several times to determine the optimal running order. She then screwed up the sheet of paper and started over. She did this three more times before settling on the eventual track listing. The songs were dubbed onto a cassette, and she composed a short note to introduce herself and explain why she would be a good fit for their roster.
Once she had that ready to mail, she pulled out the CT-660 keyboard she had used for the past few years, and the HR-16 drum machine she had picked up from a pawn shop a few months ago, and she spent the next two hours trying to come up with something for a new song.
For as long as she had done it, songwriting had been this enigmatic process that she still didn’t really understand. There were times where melodies and lyrics would come to her at the most arbitrary moments – in the shower, on the bus, in her sleep – but the minute she sat down to develop them into something more than abstract ideas, inspiration was nowhere to be found. Sometimes she listened back to one of her compositions and couldn’t believe how good it was, as if it had been written by a much more accomplished songwriter. Other times she felt like quitting, steadfast in her belief that her talent had peaked, her best work was behind her, and she would never create anything worthwhile again. Sometimes it felt like the more she learned, the less she understood.
She managed to put together a simple five-note minor key melody that might one day blossom into a full song, but for now was just another snippet that she had recorded to magnetic tape and added to her growing collection of half-formed ideas.
Lunch was two carrots, an apple, and black coffee with no sugar.
At one o’clock, she watched the bootleg video of a recent Madonna concert in Tokyo that she had bought from a guy on the street a few days ago. She hadn’t incorporated any of these newer songs into her set yet – she wanted to make sure she knew them inside out and back to front before performing them for an audience. She paused the video midway through, then got down on the floor and began doing push-ups. Madonna had such an amazing, toned figure, closer to that of a professional athlete than a typical pop princess. It must have taken her years to achieve such a look. She managed fourteen push-ups before she stopped, struggling for breath, her shoulders and ribs killing her, her body still exhausted from her morning run. Any further strenuous exercise was out of the question. She picked herself up from the floor and decided she didn’t want that ropey arms look anyway.
She had never really been the biggest Madonna fan, but the one thing she admired above all else was her ferocious drive and incredible work ethic. She had read about her early days, where she boarded a bus from Michigan to New York in 1978 with nothing more than thirty-five dollars in her pocket and a relentless desire to succeed, and then went on to transform herself into one of the biggest stars on the planet through sheer force of will. It was something Fawn thought about every day as she went through her own struggle. There was a basic formula here that she had to adhere to – if she wanted to make it ahead of the countless other hopefuls, she just had to work harder than all of them. It was that simple. Distractions had to be ignored. Weakness needed to be eliminated from her psyche. Every day she saw people just like her, desperate wannabes out there hustling and trying to make something of themselves, and there was very little that separated her from them. Any one of them could make it big, but only a tiny percentage would. It all came down to who wanted it the most.
At 2:15 p.m., she did a quick touch-up of her dark roots, something she did every three weeks. She became a blonde a year and a half ago; a tactical career move after she figured out that blondes had enjoyed greater chart success than brunettes over the past twenty years (Madonna, Debbie Harry, Stevie Nicks, Kim Wilde, ABBA, Annie Lennox, etc.). Dyeing her hair was something she had always wanted to do, although she never went through with it before then because she didn’t want Karli to think she was copying her.
The rest of her afternoon was spent downtown, her backpack filled with flyers, stapling them to power poles and dropping them off at record stores, salons, bookstores and coffee shops. She had to do something to get her name out there and get more people to her shows.
She arrived home just before five p.m. and stepped back on the scales. They hovered stubbornly between 120 and 121.
She stepped off and began preparing for her Ze-Rocks show booked for later that night.
This was her daily routine, and it had been for years. She had her ups and downs, and some days it was harder to stay motivated than others, but her focus never wavered. There were times where she considered quitting and doing something else with her life, but then she would enjoy a small victory, such as a larger than expected crowd at one of her shows at the Holloway, or she would come up with a song that she knew had the potential to become something special, and this would keep her plugging along. She was playing the long game. She deliberately didn’t have anything to fall back on, otherwise she would fall back. Nothing happened overnight, but sooner or later a tipping point would arrive. All this hard work would be worth it in the end.
 
 
 
Chapter 5
 

The ringing telephone at the headquarters of Silver Star Records and Ze-Rocks Tribute Artists was answered by Lance, a David Bowie impersonator that Julian also employed on a part-time basis to help out around the office. He was no great shakes as a performer; he was at least fifty pounds heavier than Bowie at any stage of his career, he struggled to hit the high notes on songs such as “Life On Mars?”, and he had a perplexing habit of including at least one or two Tin Machine songs in his sets – a “criminally overlooked period”, in Lance’s opinion. But Julian continued to keep him on the payroll, mostly because he was the only person he knew who could set up and operate the computers.
Lance knocked on the door to Julian’s office once the call had ended.
“There’s been another incident involving Warpistol,” he said. “We’ll need to find them new accommodation. They’re now permanently banned from the Marriott.”
Julian appeared delighted by the news, his face lighting up like a Christmas tree. “What was it this time? Arrested for drunk and disorderly? Streaking through the dining room?”
“Nah, nothing that exciting. Apparently the drummer and bassist were caught riding their jet skis in the hotel’s indoor swimming pool.”
“Oh. Not quite as rock and roll, then?”
“I wouldn’t say that,” Lance said. “It was made worse by the fact that there was a group of senior citizens in the middle of a calisthenics class at the time.”
“That’s more like it,” Julian grinned, as he clapped his hands together. “Let’s get right onto it. We’ll put together a statement to fax to all the media outlets. I’ll call one of me mates at MTV and get ’em to pump the story. This could be their Zeppelin at the Hyatt House moment.”
Warpistol were in the process of recording their debut album, and they were Julian’s great white hope for Silver Star Records. There was a huge gap in the market right now for their brand of rock – big, brash, and unapologetically ballsy. More than anything, there was a massive demand for rock bands to start behaving like rock stars again. People wanted to see them hurling TVs through hotel windows and snorting lines with porn stars in Jacuzzis filled with Jack Daniels. They didn’t want to see them dressed like janitors while they moaned about the environment or raised awareness for women’s reproductive rights.
Guns N’ Roses were still the undisputed titans of the genre, but it would be some time before they were ready to follow up their Use Your Illusion double set. They were still slogging their way through a mammoth world tour, and according to press reports, Axl was feuding with a different member of the band every night of the week. The way things were going, Julian wouldn’t be surprised if their next album didn’t see the light of day until ’95 or ’96.
Bon Jovi were still huge, but they seemed to have abandoned the idea of being a proper rock band some time ago. They appeared content to churn out middle of the road soft rock for perfume commercials and Meg Ryan movies.
Aerosmith, Van Halen and AC/DC had all managed to hold it together, despite the latter two replacing hugely charismatic frontmen with a couple of salaried temp workers, but all three were getting a little long in the tooth and only selling records to their existing fanbase rather than anyone under thirty-five. As for the rest of the heavy hitters from that era – Mötley Crüe, Whitesnake, Poison, Cinderella, Skid Row, Stryper, W.A.S.P., Warrant, Europe, Quiet Riot, etc. – they had all faded away in recent years, leaving a chasm of unfulfilled demand in their wake, and no one was stepping up to take their place. Kids these days were so desperate to rock out they were latching onto third-rate backwoods bands like Pearl Jam and Stone Temple Pilots – musicians who looked like they should be pumping gas into Ferraris rather than driving them down Sunset Boulevard at eighty miles per hour with a Sports Illustrated model in the front seat.
Julian was still having trouble wrapping his head around the paradigm shift that had taken place in the rock world over the past year. It was like a mass delusion had swept the nation’s youth. Most of these grunge bands could barely sing or play. Their songs sounded like they were recorded on twenty-dollar Radio Shack cassette recorders, and they had about as much charisma and stage presence as week-old pizza. They weren’t even trying to entertain. They sucked on purpose. Thankfully, the whole thing was nothing more than a fad, and it would all blow over soon enough.
Just last week, he listened to mixes of a few songs from Hair Of The Dog That Bitch Ya, Warpistol’s debut record. Silver Star had poured almost three-quarters of a million dollars into the recording so far, but it was worth every penny. The sound was incredible, with crisp, clear production, songs that smashed through your speakers like a brick through a plate glass window, and layer upon layer of guitar overdubs. It reeked of money and glam and sleaze. Nine hard rockers, including three Desmond Child co-writes, two power ballads, both courtesy of Diane Warren, and a Rose Tattoo cover. At least six of those twelve tracks were future strip club anthems. More than anything, the record sounded fun, which was what rock and roll was supposed to be. You’d have to be nine parts dead not to enjoy this.
He had been in the business long enough to know there was no such thing as a certainty, but Warpistol was about the closest he ever would get to one. There was just no way this band could fail. They would have the entire playing field to themselves, and Hair Of The Dog That Bitch Ya was a twenty-million-seller in the making, a juggernaut of Back In Black or Appetite For Destruction proportions. All across the globe, there were countless fans presently uncatered to, dying of boredom as the world focused on dour soap-dodgers with underbites playing feel-bad rock on downtuned guitars.
This band would be his ticket back to the big time. No more cramped offices and getting around town in a second-hand Nissan. No more flying economy and begging for a table at the Ivy. He would be back where he deserved to be, enjoying private jets and five-star hotels with a supermodel on each arm. Warpistol’s success would be two fingers to Atlantic Records for his unjust dismissal, and to all those who said his career was over.
 
 
Julian’s plans for launching Warpistol involved setting off a barrage of outrageous publicity stunts, one after the other. This was a skill he had developed as a tour manager in the seventies and early eighties, and one he had perfected during his tenure at Atlantic. Publicity, in his opinion, was like bottled water – there was no point paying for something that the world gave you for free. Nothing captured people’s attention like a well-orchestrated stunt – whether that was John and Yoko staging their bed-in to promote peace, or the Sex Pistols sailing down the Thames during the Queen’s Silver Jubilee to promote “God Save The Queen”, or the time Pepsi “accidentally” set Michael Jackson’s hair on fire when selling carbonated candy water.
Only a few weeks ago, Sinead O’Connor outraged millions when she tore up a picture of the Pope on Saturday Night Live. Celebrities such as Frank Sinatra and Joe Pesci were furious at the disrespect shown toward the Catholic faith. Julian was furious that he hadn’t thought of it first.
Great promo was the difference between a lasting career and lifelong obscurity. In real terms, there was little that separated the artists that filled stadiums and those that spent their lives playing to half-empty clubs. Anyone could become a star, and any song can become a hit, with the right amount of exposure. Talent rarely entered the equation, which was why the charts were always clogged with elevator music. If the docile masses heard a song often enough, it was only a matter of time before they convinced themselves that they liked it. You can shove pretty much anything down the public’s throat and tell them it tastes good, and they’ll simply nod their heads and agree with you.
It was for this reason that he was happy to allow Warpistol to indulge in every conceivable rock and roll cliché. It may have cost a fortune, but it was an investment to build their reputation and fanbase, and he would recoup his money many times over. He estimated that one in every five who read about their antics would ultimately go out and buy the record.
Publicity stunts that Julian had planned to promote Hair Of The Dog That Bitch Ya included: cursing on live TV; instigating feuds with other prominent bands and artists (U2, Depeche Mode, Morrissey, MC Hammer, Sting); staged disappearance of a band member; the trashing of hotel rooms (real); the trashing of radio stations on-air (real); the trashing of record label offices (staged); smoking and consuming alcohol on live TV; rumors of flings with TV starlets; rumors of paternity suits with supermodels; rumors of band member being the illegitimate offspring of a prominent public figure (Marlon Brando, Richard Nixon, a Bee Gee); playing a different song on live TV to the one originally agreed upon; abducting rock journalist during interview; blasphemous performances in the Bible Belt; on-stage nudity; impromptu free concert that results in traffic disruption; announcing disbandment to become missionaries.
 
 
 
Chapter 6
 

Eighty people had gathered around the manicured lawns of the beachside Malibu home once owned by Omar Sharif to celebrate the birthday of Kaylee Melius. Her father was Jasper Melius, a successful LA real estate agent, and he had gone all out for the eldest daughter from his third marriage. A photo booth and an outdoor cinema had been set up for the occasion, and a cocktail bar had been brought in to make the occasion bearable for the parents. Entertainment was to be provided by a Madonna impersonator.
Fawn had turned up assuming the birthday girl was fifteen or sixteen. She was a little disheartened to learn that she would be turning eleven. Nevertheless, it was a job. She was being paid to perform, and so she soldiered on.
A few of the kids seemed to enjoy the show, with some of the younger and less self-conscious ones venturing onto the dancefloor. They were joined by a couple of tipsy mothers, who managed to wave their arms in the air out of time with the music without spilling too much of their drink. The majority of the guests, however, were spoilt LA princesses who stood back with folded arms. “That’s not the real Madonna,” she heard one girl sneer, like a know-it-all kid exposing a mall Santa. The birthday girl was heard complaining that she really wanted Boyz II Men.
Jasper Melius interrupted the performance five songs in to inform Fawn that some of these songs were not suitable for a children’s birthday party. He wore a shirt with red, yellow and green vertical stripes, tucked into white Chino shorts that perhaps should have been a few inches longer.
“I’m playing Madonna songs,” she said, trying to remain diplomatic and not speak to him as if he was an imbecile. “That’s what I do. That’s what this show is.”
“You’re performing for ten- and eleven-year-olds,” he said, his pungent whiskey breath wafting over her. “It’s not appropriate for kids of that age to be listening to music with that kind of message.”
Fawn thought that drinking to the point of heavy intoxication at a children’s birthday party was not appropriate either, but that didn’t stop most of the adults here. She also wanted to point out that she was giving them the toned-down, PG version of her set, but she decided against this.
“I’m only providing the service I have been hired for,” she said, as politely as she could. “I’m sorry if you don’t think these songs are appropriate, but you approved the setlist before the booking went ahead. I’m giving you exactly what you asked for.”
Jasper Melius inhaled, nostrils flaring, clearly unhappy about having his vacuousness pointed out to him. He prepared to launch into an argument, until he seemed to realize an adequate response was beyond him in his current state.
“Sing something else,” he said instead.
“Something else?”
“Something nice. Something we can all enjoy. Something like ... like Whitney Houston.”
A small piece of Fawn died inside. “I can’t do that. I’m sorry.”
“And why not?” He said this with genuine befuddlement, a man unaccustomed to hearing the word no.
“Because I’m a Madonna impersonator, which means I only do Madonna songs. I’ve never performed as Whitney Houston. I don’t know any of her songs.”
Jasper’s eyes were like two empty fields with tumbleweeds rolling across.
“What are you talking about? Everyone knows Whitney.”
“Yes, but I need to rehearse the songs before I can sing them. I don’t have the right backing tracks with me.” A short breath. She tried holding it in but couldn’t. “And this is not how these things work, sir. I can only put on the show I have been hired for, and I don’t take requests from the audience. If you wanted to hear Whitney Houston songs today then you should have booked Suzanne, our Whitney Houston impersonator.”
Jasper Melius stepped forward, moving into her personal space, his jaw tightening. “I am not ‘the audience’, missy. I’m the one that’s paying you.” He jabbed his finger in his chest as he said this, as if tapping on a button that pumped up his self-importance. “If I want you to be Whitney, then you’ll be Whitney. Got it?”
Sitting in her apartment later that night, while her neighbors belted out an acapella version of “A Boy Like That” from West Side Story as if they were performing at the Ahmanson, Fawn wrote on a yellow legal pad:

 
Goals for 1993
1. New management
2. New record deal
3. Record an album
 

That was what needed to happen, and in that order. She was unlikely to have the opportunity to make an album if she stayed at Silver Star Records, and thanks to a number of highly restrictive clauses that Julian had slipped into her contract, she’d struggle to free herself without new management.
It would be a lot of work, but one way or another she was going to make it happen. There was nothing she wasn’t willing to do. Like the Madonna of ’78, she would make herself a success by sheer force of will. She had to – time was running out, and she wasn’t getting any younger. She couldn’t afford to waste another year waiting for something to happen.
 
 
 
29 December 1992
 
Dear Fawn,
Something has happened. Something big.
Okay. Deep breaths, Karli. Start at the beginning and go from there.
As you know, I’ve been picking up some occasional vocal work while I’ve been over here – live performances for DJs, one-off studio gigs, radio jingles (I know, the glamour). Anyway, a couple of months ago I was laying down some backing vocals for Seal’s next album (didn’t get to meet him, but still cool, right?). While I was there, I met a man by the name of Claude Magritte, who’s this big shot at Sire Records and an executive producer on the album. It turns out he already knew who I was – years ago, he worked for the label that distributed Pure N Simple’s music in the French-speaking territories (did you even know that Pure N Simple – or Belles Filles Vierges, as we were known in those parts – had French-dubbed versions of the albums??). So he asked me what I had been up to, and I told him how I’d been doing the odd show here and there and how I had been writing my own stuff for the past couple of years. I gave him a copy of my demo and didn’t think anything would ever come of it, until I got a call from a scout at Sire last week who said he wanted to meet with me and, well, long story short ... I GOT A RECORD DEAL!!!
Whoa. Me, Karli Cook, is now a signed artist to Sire Records. Seymour freakin’ Stein knows who I am. Still feels weird to write those words.
I really, honestly, truly can’t believe any of this has happened. I keep expecting to wake up and find out that I dreamt the whole thing. I got the news five days ago, on Christmas Eve, and my feet haven’t touched the ground since. It blows my mind to think that something I wrote in my tiny bedroom in Shoreditch or in a hostel somewhere in Austria will be listened to by thousands of people, or maybe even more. I promise that when the first CD rolls off the presses, I will send you a copy!
More than anything I need to thank you, because without you none of this would have happened. I hate to admit it, but I was so envious when you got your deal with Silver Star. You were doing something that I had always wanted to. But the fact is, your success spurred me on to go out there and make something of myself. Without you, I may not have found the courage to do something as crazy as flying to Europe by myself to pursue this impossible dream.
I keep thinking about us as kids, and all those times we stayed up past our bedtimes listening to the radio and playing records, dreaming of the day when we would be like the stars we idolized and imitated – real pop stars I mean, not kid pop stars. Imagine what it would have been like had we known where we would both end up one day? Isn’t life weird sometimes, the way things pan out?
Hey, crazy idea, but wouldn’t it be unreal if we did a joint tour when our albums came out? We could each perform our solo songs, and maybe even dust off a few cheesy Pure N Simple classics for old time’s sake? I know, I know, I’m getting WAAAY ahead of myself, but still, wouldn’t that be something?
Thinking of you, as always. Happy new year!!! I can’t wait to find out what 1993 has in store for us!
Karli xoxoxoxo




 
1993
 
 
Chapter 7
 

“We’ll make our move the moment Tony Okura steps out that door. I’ll cross over to the other side of the road. He’ll be coming this way, so I’ll be walking toward him. What I need you to do is drive up to where that no standing sign is, the one outside that Korean grocer, and do a U-turn. If there’s traffic, just go. We can’t afford to wait for someone to let us in, otherwise we could miss our chance. Once you’re on the other side, drive up next to him. Get as close to the curb as you can, and if possible, try to time it so that you draw level with him just as I’m about to reach him. As soon as the back door opens, I’ll grab him and throw him inside.”
Steven sucked up some more Sprite through the chewed-up end of his plastic straw. It was lukewarm and flat. He wound his window down a couple of inches to let some air in. Outside was only mildly warm, but the intensity of the Californian sun’s midday rays was nudging the temperature inside the van up by the minute.
His assistant Rahul Srivas sat behind the wheel, nearly two decades his junior and born half a world away. He studied an 8 x 10" photograph of an Asian man in his mid-forties; a gentleman whose grooming, wardrobe and posture hinted at considerable wealth. The name Tony Okura was written along the bottom. He was, according to Steven, “a rich importer or something – computers, technology, all that stuff”.
Their vehicle was a 1977 Volkswagen Type 2 van with an unappealing greenish-brown paint job. They were in Culver City, parked on West Washington Boulevard, just down from the La Cienega intersection.
“Floor it as soon as we have him,” Steven continued. “Again, don’t wait for anyone to let you in. Just pull out. The traffic’ll stop for you. After that, head for the freeway. We don’t wanna have to stop and start every couple of minutes. Don’t do anything that might attract unwanted attention. Not too fast, but not too slow either, because that’ll look suspicious. We don’t want the LAPD sticking their snouts in the back, do we? In the unlikely event that we do get pulled over, let me do the talking. You don’t speak unless I tell you to.”
Steven watched Rahul as he said this, trying to ascertain whether he was taking this all in, or if he was just nodding to himself.
“Think you can manage that?” he said.
A pounding from behind prevented Rahul from responding. There was a small window that separated the front of the van from the back. Steven pushed it open. Half a woman’s face was visible through the gap.
“What?” Steven said.
“How much longer you gonna make us wait?” the woman said, her voice a smoky rasp.
“Hopefully not too much longer.”
“That’s what you said last time.”
“And it was true last time, wasn’t it? Just as it’s true this time. Hopefully, we won’t be waiting here too much longer.”
“Can you put the air conditioner on?” This came from a second voice, a younger woman further back in the rear. “It’s gotta be a least two hundred degrees in here.”
Steven laughed like he had a chicken bone lodged in his throat. “Honey, this thing has clocked up more miles than the cast of The Golden Girls. What do you reckon the chances are that the A/C still works?”
“Can we at least open up a door?” the first woman said.
“Good one. Let’s open all the doors and give the world a glimpse of our mobile bordello. That’s a terrific idea, Mandy.”
“My name is Denise, jackass.”
“Pleasure to meet you Denise Jackass, but while you’re inside this van, your name is Mandy.”
“This is like being in an oven,” Mandy/Denise said. “We’re in an unsafe working environment.”
“And it reeks of dog hair,” another voice said. A third woman with a slight Jamaican accent.
Steven had paid seventeen hundred dollars for the van at the end of last year. The previous owner used it for her pet grooming business. He’d made Rahul clean it out three times already, but the smell was harder to exhume than a poltergeist.
“When we get on the road, I’ll switch the fan on and get some air circulating,” he said. “Anyway, you’re not being paid to complain. Do something useful while you’re waiting. Go over the script one more time. Run your lines. Make sure you know your character inside and out.”
“Thanks for the tip, Hitchcock,” Mandy/Denise said. “I’ve been having trouble getting into the mindset of a nympho prison escapee.”
“I think I might have some water,” Rahul said. He searched his backpack until he found a bottle that was almost full. He passed it through the slot.
“Good to know there’s at least one gentleman left in–”
Steven slid the window closed before she could say any more. “So you’re clear on what you have to do?” he said.
“I think so,” Rahul said.
“I don’t need you to think, Rahul, I need you to know.”
“I know what I have to do. I’m just not sure why.”
“Don’t worry about the ‘why’ part of all this. Just worry about the ‘what’, which is what the client has asked us to do.” Steven finished off the rest of his Sprite before tossing the empty cup out the window and into the gutter.
“Tony Okura wants us to throw him into the back of the van, where he will be forced to have sex with four prostitutes?” Rahul spoke the last few words much quieter than the ones preceding them.
“That’s right. Apparently Mr. Okura is a religious man, and he believes adultery is a sin. But if he is forced into it then, in his mind at least, he hasn’t done anything wrong. He’s discovered a morality loophole.”
“But he’s not being forced into anything, is he? We’re being paid to abduct him. And he’s paying the, uh, the ladies as well.”
“Yes, Rahul. Everyone here is being paid. We’re being paid very well, in fact.” Steven was tiring of these questions on every single job, and the need to repeat everything before it sunk in. “Mr. Okura’s true motivations, or whether any of this holds up under cross-examination from an angry wife, is none of our business. Our job is to do what the client has asked us to do, and to do it without judgement. Discretion and open-mindedness are the most crucial aspects of this job. And trust me, this guy is far from the biggest weirdo you’ll ever have to deal with.”
Steven’s unconventional business venture had come about inadvertently. A lifelong movie fan, he arrived in LA from Jacksonville, Florida in 1984 with dreams of becoming the next John Carpenter or George Romero. He had penned a script called The Mantis Club; a horror film about a pod of insect-like extraterrestrial beings disguised as exotic dancers attempting to interbreed with the human population. Like praying mantises, they would bite the heads off their male partners after mating. He sent the script out to agents and to all the studios, but the few who read it baulked at the gratuitous violence and explicit sexual content.
These setbacks failed to dampen his enthusiasm, and he decided he didn’t need anyone’s permission to make his own movie. If films like Eraserhead and The Evil Dead could be made outside the studio system and for next to no money, so could The Mantis Club. He would do this on his own terms, funded by credit cards and his savings. He shot bit by bit, mostly on weeknights at his favorite strip club, and mostly with his favorite strippers in the roles of the extraterrestrials.
Only then did he realize just how expensive making a film could be, and how quickly money vaporizes during a production. The funds ran out after six weeks, when he had about twenty minutes’ worth of footage in the can.
He managed to pick up work on TV and film crews in the meantime. After a few years of this, he grew tired of taking orders from some headset-wearing despot, and so he set up his own video production business. He called it Frequency21, and the initial aim was to develop his craft by producing short films and pop music promos, until he learned there was more money to be made by shooting weddings, bar mitzvahs and corporate gigs. He continued work on The Mantis Club in his spare time, filming additional material whenever he had the cash to pay for film stock and fake blood.
In 1991, a high-profile New York-based businessman hired Steven to produce a series of in-house videos for his luxury hotel. Soon after completing the project, the client approached him to request his services for what he called “an unusual one-off personal assignment”. After signing a menacing non-disclosure agreement, the client outlined his request: he wanted to be kidnapped, stripped, tied up and humiliated by a domineering Eastern European woman.
Steven would not be the one doing the actual kidnapping; two members of the client’s security staff would take care of the physical component. Steven’s role was to capture the moment for posterity. He wasn’t sure about this, but any lingering doubts were erased when he saw the amount of money put before him.
The job went ahead, which Steven filmed and edited. The client was said to have been thoroughly satisfied with the final product. The event was a tremendous encounter, he said, the likes of which he had never experienced before.
After some preliminary research – which mostly involved talking to the prostitutes he frequented and purchasing a few European fetish magazines from an adult bookstore – Steven discovered that fantasies involving kidnappings were far from unique, and especially prevalent in men with a certain level of social cachet. It appeared that for many who enjoyed enormous power in their everyday lives, nothing turned them on more than being placed in a helpless and vulnerable situation, and at the mercy of an authoritarian woman.
He set up a second business, this one specializing in simulated kidnappings. He consulted several legal texts at the library, and he sought the advice of one of his Mantis Club actresses who was stripping her way through law school, just to be sure that no laws were being broken. He couldn’t get a definitive answer from either, but he was confident that as long as he had the explicit consent of the client prior to the interaction, and as long as he was not creating a public nuisance, there was nothing he could be charged with.
The name of the business was Supreme Seizures. It was registered and paid tax. On the registration form, Steven listed it as one that offered “adventure sports and extreme lifestyle experiences”.
Business was slow to begin with, but word of mouth helped it grow. At first, this brought in a bit of extra cash on weekends. Then the number of bookings increased, to the point where some weeks his side gig was more profitable than his day job. His filmmaking ambitions roared back to life, and the extra funds were poured into continuing work on The Mantis Club.
A couple of years ago, he was ready to throw in the towel and head back to Florida with his tail between his legs. The success of Supreme Seizures had given him a new lease on life. In another year or two, his film would be nearing completion.
The increased workload led to him hiring Rahul, an Indian kid who got the job by virtue of being the first to reply to his ad and willing to accept cash in hand. He gave him the job of shooting and editing all the weddings and bar mitzvahs that he had booked but didn’t have time to do himself. After a couple of months of this, he brought him in to help out with the kidnappings as well. Steven did these on his own to begin with, but he soon discovered that having two people was better than one, especially if he had to film them at the same time. The clients didn’t enjoy the experience as much if they felt they could escape at any time.
Another half an hour passed as they waited for today’s client to emerge. Denise/Mandy complained some more about the heat. Steven ignored her for as long as he could, before finally sending Rahul to the newsstand across the road. He told him to fetch some Cokes for the women in the back, and to pick up the latest issues of Penthouse and Hustler for himself.
Supreme Seizures had purchased ads in both magazines this month. Prior to this, marketing had been limited to suggestively worded classifieds in trashy local rags, or flyers stuck to telephone poles outside the various sleaze pits around the city. Now, he had stepped things up a notch by shelling out for one-eighth of a page ads in the back of the two leading publications catering to American perverts. They weren’t cheap, but he was confident the uptick in business would make the investment worthwhile.
Rahul hurried back across the road with the Cokes. He passed them through to the women in the back.
“Where are the mags?” Steven said.
“They were sold out,” Rahul said, climbing back behind the wheel.
“What do you mean sold out? They only went on sale a couple of days ago.”
“I guess they were popular,” he said, avoiding Steven’s gaze.
“Both of them were sold out?”
“Yes. I think so.”
“Go back and ask–”
“Is that Tony Okura?”
Rahul pointed across the road. An Asian man in a dark suit had stepped out of the building they were supposed to be watching.
Steven snatched the photo from the dash. He looked at the man on the street, then back at the photo. He checked his watch. It was almost twenty past one. The appointment was booked for twelve-thirty, but they had to allow a degree of flexibility with some clients, most of whom led busy lives.
“That’s him,” Steven said. He rapped his knuckles on the window behind him. “Showtime, ladies! Time to get into character.”
He flung the door open and jumped out of the van. Rahul turned the key in the ignition, and the motor coughed to life.
 
 
The clapped-out van with the rumbling exhaust and the pond scum paintwork had been hovering in Tomohiro Sato’s peripheral vision for some time now. He paid no attention when it first appeared, assuming it must have been a befuddled driver searching for an address. But the longer it crawled alongside him, the more unnerving it became. The van remained level with him the whole time, accelerating when he increased his pace, slowing down when he did the same. He didn’t feel threatened – it was probably some bored idiot amusing himself by trying to intimidate a random member of the public – but the joke was wearing thin.
After two minutes of this, he’d had enough. He came to a standstill. The van also stopped.
He turned to face the vehicle and stood there with his hand on his hips. He was challenging this clown to make a move, asking them how much longer they were going to persevere with this childish game.
The side door opened. Inside was dark. The windows were blacked out.
A tiny alarm sounded in his head. It wasn’t a loud, screeching siren. More of an amber light blinking on and off, like the check engine light in his car. A sixth sense warning that this may not be all it seemed, and to proceed with caution. It wasn’t that he felt unsafe – the odds of anything shady happening on a busy street in the middle of the day were minimal. He was probably just being paranoid.
This paranoia was justified seconds later when someone slammed into him from behind.
A beefy pair of arms wrapped around his torso, and he felt himself being thrust forward. He struggled to free himself, trying to put up a fight, but his arms were pinned and the grip was unrelenting. The assailant, whoever this was, had a significant weight advantage. He was the size of a gorilla, with a body mass at least fifty percent greater than his own. He felt his feet leave the ground. There was nothing he could do to halt the momentum.
“Hey! Hey!!” was all he managed to come out with.
He was tossed inside and hit the floor hard, grazing his hands against prickly carpet. 
The door closed, and he found himself in complete darkness. The van took off, the exhaust hacking like an emphysema patient.
The shift from daylight to darkness had rendered him near-blind, his pupils slow to adjust. He stretched his arms out in front of him, groping the empty space until his hands found the door. He pulled at the handle. It was locked.
The air inside was stifling. It was so hot and thick that breathing became a challenge. It smelled of diesel and filth and ... noxious perfume?
Movement behind him made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. He was not alone.
A nickel-sized gap in the blacked-out windows allowed a small amount of light in. It was enough to make out the outlines of three other passengers. No, four. These were his captors. Or perhaps they too had been grabbed off the street and thrown in here.
A red neon light flicked on, flooding the interior with a kind of seedy brothel vibe. A foam mattress was positioned in the center of the floor. The human outlines came into focus. They were women, not men, as he’d first assumed. Attractive women, all in identical outfits: form-fitting polyester jumpsuits with the front zippers pulled down low. Each displayed far more skin and curves than he would have thought possible in such a garment. From his vantage point, the jumpsuits appeared to be all they were wearing.
“Who are you people?” he said, the shakiness in his voice signaling his terror. “What’s going on? What do you want from me?”
“Well, hello there handsome,” the redhead nearest to him said. “My name is Mandy.”
“I’m Candy,” said the second woman, a dimpled blonde twirling a pair of handcuffs.
“I’m Sandy,” said the third, a buxom brunette one pothole away from spilling out of her jumpsuit.
“And I’m Brandi,” said the fourth. She was a mixed-race woman who had to be at least six feet tall with the body of an Amazonian warrior queen. She filmed him with a portable camcorder. “You’re probably wondering what’s going on.”
Tomohiro’s pupils shifted, and he got a clearer look at his companions. All had mascara and eyeliner streaming down their cheeks, as well as melted clown-face lipstick smiles, probably due to the van’s sauna-like conditions. The humidity had turned their stylized hair limp and lifeless. They resembled four semi-deflated balloons.
They inched forward, closing in on him.
“Us girls busted out of prison this morning,” Mandy said.
“The conditions they kept us in were intolerable,” Sandy said. “We have spent five years locked up in that hellhole. Five years! All that time, surrounded by two thousand women and fifty homosexual prison guards.”
“Two thousand women,” Candy said. “Imagine that, if you will. All us girls living together, eating together, showering together, sleeping together.”
“Which isn’t as bad as it sounds,” Brandi said. “When you’re in a tight situation, you work with what you have.”
The foursome burst into a chorus of cutesy giggles.
“But that couldn’t go on forever,” Candy said. “We needed a man’s touch.”
“It’s been so long for all of us,” Mandy said. “If I don’t find a man in the next ten minutes, I don’t know what I’m going to do.”
A brief lull. Mandy prompted Sandy with a small nudge.
“But we’ll have to move fast,” Sandy said. She spoke in a kind of wooden cadence, placing emphasis on words seemingly at random. “The police will be combing the city as we speak. Prison escapees don’t remain at large for very long. Chances are, we’ll be apprehended by day’s end.”
“Which means we don’t have much time,” Brandi said. “We’ll need to make the most of this opportunity.”
“So this is what’s gonna happen, sugar,” Mandy said. She ran a finger along Tomohiro’s red-hot cheek. She appeared to be the eldest of the four, resembling a sexy, sweaty Peggy Bundy. “We’re gonna keep you here for a little while. You will be our own personal play toy. And once we’ve had our fun, we’ll all have some memories to take back with us when they lock us up again.”
Tomohiro went to speak “But–”
“Shush, honeypie.” Candy pressed a finger to his lips. “In case you haven’t figured it out yet, you don’t have a say in any of this. Just lie back, do as we tell you, and this will all be over soon enough.”
“Struggle all you want, but you’ll never be able to overpower all four of us,” Brandi said, zooming in on his face with the camcorder.
“Although it might be more fun if you try,” Sandy said, giggling some more.
In his present state – dazed, confused, and lightheaded from inhaling a cloud of Chanel No. 5 fumes – Tomohiro was still some way off making sense of what was happening to him, or how he came to be in this situation. His initial response was to offer these women legal assistance. After all, he was a senior partner at a top-tier law firm, and he might be able to help with their situation.
But he remained silent. Partly because his firm specialized in administrative law and would be of little use in a criminal case. But mostly because he was curious to see where this was all going. The sensible thing, he decided, would be to keep his mouth shut and just go along with it.
 
 
 
Chapter 8
 

Velveteen was Fawn’s least-favorite venue to perform at. The rear exit of the West Hollywood nightspot was rendered inaccessible when the owners decided to plonk a DJ booth right in front of it. Not only was this a serious fire hazard – and this was an establishment known to pack in the clientele far beyond what their license permitted – it also meant that once the show was over, she was forced to leave via the front doors, passing the people she had just performed for along the way.
Tonight’s set sailed by painlessly enough, and without any major embarrassments, save for the obligatory catcalls and a small amount of drunken mockery. She hurried backstage the moment it was over to change back into her regular clothes. She now steeled herself for her walk of shame.
The club’s speakers thumped with the music of C&C Music Factory. Cringeworthy handbag house to Fawn’s ears, but this liquored-up crowd couldn’t get enough of it.
With her head down, she tried to make herself as inconspicuous as possible. It was easier to slip by unnoticed once she was out of character, although the bulky bag slung over her right shoulder drew unwanted attention every time it knocked into someone. She pushed forward and hoped for the best.
Moving through the crush was like fighting through a rugby scrum. Every few seconds she was jostled by a random arm or elbow. A stray hand holding a lit cigarette came within millimeters of searing her cheek. Moments later, a guy twice her size with his shirt halfway unbuttoned stumbled back as he laughed at a joke, almost knocking her to the floor. For him, the contact barely registered.
It took four minutes to traverse thirty feet of floor space, and only three wandering hands brushed against her along the way. On a night like tonight, she counted that as a win.
Finally, the exit was in sight. She would be outside in less than ten seconds, and this night would soon be nothing more than a bad memory.
She stopped when she spotted Roderick Knight by the bar.
He wore stylish dark blue jeans and a black turtleneck. He sipped on a martini and chatted with an older woman who looked like Bette Midler. It may have even been Bette Midler, or perhaps it was just someone who looked a lot like her. She couldn’t say for sure, but it was about an eighty percent match. It wasn’t beyond the realm of possibilities, since celebrities and music business types were known to turn up to these tribute shows from time to time. They had a kitschy appeal that they could enjoy in an ironic and detached kind of way.
It was only last week that Fawn had read about Roderick Knight in The Hollywood Reporter, where he was featured as part of their 30 Under 30 Power List. His story was fast becoming legendary among industry circles; how he had gone from sweeping floors and sorting mail at Atlantic Records at the age of seventeen, to discovering several platinum artists as a junior talent scout before he had reached the legal drinking age, and who then broke away to launch his own artist management firm at the age of twenty-four. Knight Vision currently represented more than a dozen of the hottest up-and-comers in music, television, film, and professional sports. Right now, Roderick Knight was the boy wonder who could do no wrong.
Fawn had read the THR feature twice. Both times she imagined what someone like that could do for her career, if only she had the opportunity to meet him. Now that opportunity was right in front of her. The question was what was she going to do about it?
She was gripped by indecision when the woman who may or may not have been Bette Midler emptied her wine glass and made her way toward the ladies’ room. Now there was just Roderick Knight and an empty seat. Fawn had never been particularly religious, despite once being part of a famous Christian pop act, but she knew this could only be a sign from above. She didn’t believe in coincidences. If circumstance had led her and Roderick Knight to be in the same place at the same time, there had to be a reason for it.
Networking was a part of the job she struggled with the most. For some it was second nature, but she never really knew how she was supposed to go about making connections and sell herself. Still, she was going to fight through the fear and discomfort and just do it. Opportunities like this were limited, and you had to make the most of every chance that came your way. Nobody knew when their last chance had been and gone until long after the fact. Besides, the alternative was to spend the next two weeks hating herself and bemoaning her lack of courage. No, she wasn’t going to allow herself to do that. She was going to give it her best shot. She might even let him hit on her, if that was what he wanted. Karli used her looks to her advantage whenever it suited her, and while Fawn may not have been as genetically blessed as Karli, she still received her share of male attention, especially since becoming a blonde.
She had taken no more than two steps when the Whispering Cynic, her inner enemy and the neurotic manifestation of her every doubt and insecurity, breathed in her ear.
He doesn’t want to be bothered, it told her.
He won’t be interested.
This is not the right way to do things.
There are a hundred girls in this room alone who have more of a right to speak to Roderick Knight than you.
Stop it, she told herself. Successful people didn’t allow negative thoughts from imaginary adversaries to dictate their lives. Moments like this were the reason she carried her demo tape with her everywhere she went. If she couldn’t withstand a few minutes of awkwardness to go over there and speak with him, she may as well quit music altogether and get a real job.
She was going to walk over there, sit in that seat, and give her best ever pitch. She wasn’t even going to ask if that seat was taken. Karli wouldn’t ask. She would act like she was doing him a favor by giving him two minutes of her time.
A deep breath helped billow her courage. She placed one foot in front of the other. She did this again, and again, and before she knew it she found herself sliding into the vacant chair.
Roderick Knight glanced up from his glass. Strong, confident eye contact was maintained. He was even more baby-faced in person than in his press shots.
“You’re Roderick Knight,” she said.
Ugh. Idiot. There was no second chance to make a first impression, and her first impression involved telling him who he was. It wasn’t the greatest start, but she couldn’t afford to dwell on her mistake. There was still time to recover.
“That’s right, I am Roderick Knight,” he said, his tone neither welcoming nor hostile. “And you’re Cher.”
“Um, yeah. I am. Or I was, before. But now I’m Fawn.” She smiled, but inside she was dying by the cumbersome way the words were tumbling out of her. She had to remind herself to breathe.
You’re delusional if you think this will work, the Whispering Cynic said.
“I liked your show,” Roderick said.
“Oh. Thank you.” A compliment. That was a positive sign, or maybe he was just being polite. “Thank you,” she said again, unnecessarily.
“I have to say, it was bold of you to include some of Cher’s lesser-known material,” he said. “The safe option would have been to stick with the hits: ‘Gypsys, Tramps and Thieves’, ‘If I Could Turn Back Time’, ‘I Found Someone’. But you had the courage to throw in an obscurity like ‘Where Do You Go’. That took gumption. Most of this crowd wouldn’t have been born when that song came out, let alone have heard of it.”
Her smile widened. His praise seemed genuine, or maybe he was just highly skilled in the art of BS. Whatever the case, it helped her to relax. She was also confident that, if his extensive knowledge of Cher’s back catalog was anything to go by, along with his expensive clothes, his immaculate grooming, and a possible friendship with Bette Midler, he wasn’t likely to be hitting on her anytime soon.
“I only do this part-time though,” she said. “I’m actually a singer. A real singer, I mean, with my own songs and everything. In fact, I have a tape right here if you’d like to take a listen.”
She stuck her hand inside her bag and felt around for where the tape should be. She grasped bunched-up clothes, her boots, and her makeup kit, but no tape. She had the horrifying thought that she had left it behind. Or perhaps she’d lost it. Of all the nights for this to happen.
She pulled at her costume and reached further inside. Her Cher wig tumbled to the floor, as did the CD with her backing music. Some Valley girl behind her burst out laughing.
Stay calm, she told herself. Stay focused. Chances were that this girl was laughing at something unrelated. Even if she was laughing at her, it didn’t affect her.
You’re making a fool of yourself, she heard the Whispering Cynic say.
Finally, she felt the sharp edges of a plastic case, wedged into a far corner. Immense relief washed over her.
“I know you’re probably not interested in talking about work right now.”
Stop apologizing. Be more assertive. You’re doing him a favor by talking to him.
“But the songs on this tape are better than anything KIIS-FM have played in the last six months. I want you to be the first to hear them.”
Better, even if it did sound forced.
“If you could take a listen,” she said. “I have no expectations. I’d just like to hear your thoughts.”
“Look, I’d love to, but I can’t accept an unsolicited demo,” Roderick said, just as the DJ segued into Rozalla’s “Everybody’s Free”, sparking whoops from the philistines on the dance floor. Fawn had to concentrate to hear what he was saying over the volume. “It’s a legal thing. Managers and producers are getting sued all the time. Artists are claiming their songs have been ripped off, or their work has been stolen after they handed someone a demo.”
“Oh. I see. I’m ...”
She swallowed the words I’m sorry. Karli would never apologize. She would keep talking until that no became a yes. The worst he could do was say no a second time. That might create a moment of embarrassment, but so what? It wasn’t like she was ever going to see this guy again. Two hours from now, he probably would have forgotten that they had ever met.
“I’m ... I know you probably think I’m like every other fame-hungry wannabe you see around Hollywood,” she said. “You might think I’m using ‘pop star’ as my backup plan in case ‘TV star’ and ‘movie star’ don’t work out, but that’s not the case. I’m a musician and an artist. This is what I do. This is all I do. Music is my life. I’ve been singing since I was four years old, and I’ve been writing songs since I was twelve. I’ve performed in front of an audience nearly fifteen hundred times, and I’m currently a signed artist with Silver Star Records.”
There was a slight but noticeable shift in Roderick’s expression. “Silver Star Records?”
“They’re a ... boutique label, based here in LA.” She was pleased with herself for coming up with such a flattering euphemism on the fly. “It’s run by a guy called Julian T. Rockefeller.”
“I’m familiar with the label. And with Julian. Me and him, we ...” Roderick’s index finger circled the rim of the martini glass for a moment. “We go back a few years.”
He picked up his glass and took a sip.
“So, it’s Julian who has you doing the Cher stuff, I assume?” he said.
“Just for now.” She decided not to mention the Madonna gigs that she also did four nights a week.
“Let me guess – Julian is your manager as well?”
Fawn confirmed this with a small nod.
“You know that’s not an ideal situation? For you, I mean. It’s great for him, but not so much for you.”
“Well ... I have been thinking about getting new management.” She wanted to be more direct, but she couldn’t think of a better way to phrase it without coming across as desperate.
“I would advise you to do a lot more than think about it. You need a new manager, if you’re serious about your career. Or you need a new label, one or the other. If Julian is acting as your manager, your boss, and the head of your label, he’s not going to do anything for you. I’ve known you for all of two minutes and already I can identify one major conflict of interest.”
“You can?”
“Sure. Right now, you have a manager with no incentive to promote you as an artist. If you’re doing these Cher shows, you’re making money for him. The moment you stop doing that and start working on your own material, you’ll be costing him money. Your biggest problem is that you’re too good at your job, and the longer you remain in a situation like that the harder it will be to break out of it.”
Just as he said this, Fawn saw the possible Bette Midler returning. She figured now was a good time to leave. She didn’t want to overstay her welcome.
“I see what you mean,” she said as she vacated the stool. She had given it a shot, but it was obvious that this interaction was not going to lead to any major breakthrough. At least she wouldn’t die wondering. “Thanks for the advice.”
“Hold on a minute.” Roderick’s hand went for his back pocket. He took out his wallet. “Here’s what you can do. I can’t accept your tape here, but if you send it to my office, someone will take a listen. I can’t promise anything, but if it’s any good we’ll be in touch.”
He handed Fawn his business card. She played it cool as she accepted it, her face a mask of indifference, but inside she was beaming. It was almost as if she had pulled off a magic trick. She had ventured outside of her comfort zone, and something had happened.
It was only a small victory, but it was a start. The Whispering Cynic had been silenced, at least temporarily.
Perhaps this was what successful, confident people did all the time: asking and then receiving. It probably came naturally to them, and they did it without thinking.
“Do me a favor, though?” Roderick said, just as Fawn was reaching for her bag.
“Of course,” she said.
An impertinent smile crossed his face. “Say hi to Julian for me. It’s been far too long.”
 
 
 
Chapter 9
 

“You took the wrong man! You idiot jackanapes grabbed the wrong man!”
“I am so, so sorry, Mr. Okura. Really, I can’t tell you how embarrassed I am about this whole debacle. I can assure you nothing like this has ever happened before.”
Steven was at his base of operations, a rented retail space in Reseda where he lived and worked. It was located on Sherman Way, previously an auto parts store, and now the place he ran Frequency21 and Supreme Seizures out of. He also shot and edited parts of The Mantis Club here when he had the funds to do so.
“I pay you eight thousand dollars!” Tony Okura bellowed. He was not a large man, but his words were delivered with such intensity that Steven instinctively took a backward step. “I give you all the money and you let some other chump steal my lady fun time!”
“I understand you’re upset, but I can explain.” He was doing his best to remain calm, fighting the urge to squash him like a bug between his thumb and forefinger.
“Oh, you can explain, can you? Okay then. Explain away, Mr. Muscles. Right now it look like you grab the first Oriental you see and assume it me. Please tell me how that not the case.”
He was about to protest his innocence, until he realized that was more or less what had transpired. It was a simple and regrettable case of mistaken identity, along with a slight mix-up with the address – he and Rahul had been waiting at a location on West Washington Boulevard, whereas the staged kidnapping was supposed to take place at the same street number on East Washington Boulevard. This explanation did nothing to placate Tony Okura. He had been ranting for more than ten minutes, and there was no indication that he was even close to getting it all out of his system.
A nearby monitor broadcast footage of the doughy Asian man they had mistakenly bundled into the van as he was being entertained by four lascivious female prison escapees. Steven carefully reached across and pulled the cord from the wall socket to shut it off. Tony Okura appeared to be in a somewhat reasonable mood when he first showed up this morning, accompanied by two grim-faced minders, to enquire as to why yesterday’s booking had not gone ahead as planned. It wasn’t until he saw another man enjoying the experience he had paid for that he blew his top.
The two associates he had arrived with were Japanese men in their late forties or early fifties, both wearing silvery-gray suits and dead-eyed expressions. Introductions had not been made, so Steven didn’t know who they were or what their role was with regards to Mr. Okura. They may have just been ornamental, there to keep up appearances. They looked too slight to be his bodyguards, although their mere presence was unsettling enough. It was the way they stood mute a few paces behind their boss, casting unblinking glares in his direction. Steven would have picked up the screaming little homunculus and tossed him out on the street were it not for these two. Or if he hadn’t thrown his back out during yesterday’s job.
“Mr. Okura, I apologize again for the mistake,” he said wearily. “You have every right to be upset. But what’s done is done. I can’t change the past, can I? But I can make it up to you. I can reschedule.”
“Ohhh, no. I’m done with this whole racket. Done! I demand refund!”
He was hoping he wouldn’t ask for his money back, even though he was entitled to it. Of the eight-thousand-dollar fee, six thousand had gone to the four escorts hired for the occasion. Steven had used the remaining two grand to pay off some outstanding debts. He had a long-overdue bill for a shipment of film stock that had to be taken care of, and a further $600 that went to his bookie. His current bank balance was $83.71, and he still owed Rahul three weeks’ wages.
Convincing Tony Okura to reschedule might be the easiest way out of this mess. He and Rahul could do the job for free, and he might be able to convince Heidi to extend him a line of credit with regards to the escorts.
“A refund? I’m happy to do that, but are you sure you wouldn’t prefer–”
“Twenty-five thousand dollars. You have until end of month to pay up.” Tony Okura was now all business. He spoke in a calm and measured voice, as if his daily allotment of rage had been exhausted.
“Twenty-five thousand?”
“Twenty-five thousand.”
“But you only paid us eight.”
“And now you give me twenty-five. Not only did you fail to deliver, you also cost me my time. That is price I am setting. Non-negotiable.”
“But–”
“This is not negotiation! You pay me twenty-five or I come back in less forgiving mood!” The rage had returned with triple the ferocity. It was like there was a good cop and a bad cop fighting for control inside the one diminutive body. “If money is all I take from you, consider yourself lucky!”
With that, he turned and left. The two associates remained where they were.
A nervousness came over Steven. He wondered if these two were going to attempt to take something as collateral. The cameras and editing equipment here would have been worth close to $25,000. If they wanted to take that he could try stopping them, but he wasn’t sure he could fight off all three at once. Especially not with his aching back. He also had prints of The Mantis Club sitting on the shelf in full view. They were worthless to anyone else, but they amounted to years of his life. He wanted to rush over to protect them, but he knew that would only draw attention to them.
One of the men stepped forward without warning and swept his arm across Steven’s desk. The phone was knocked to the floor, along with a few pages of paperwork, several pens and a calculator. The man took a step back and surveyed the scene, satisfied by the slight mess he had created, before he and his colleague left without a word.
Steven was more than a little perplexed by all of this. It was such an over-the-top performance, and obviously designed to intimidate him – something it had been moderately effective in doing – but if Tony Okura thought he was going to pay him more than three times what he was owed, he was living in a fantasy world. He could take the case to a small claims tribunal, although he doubted the married man and prominent local businessman would want to make any of this public. Even if he did, the worst that would happen was that Steven would be forced to pay back the original eight thousand dollars; something he was happy to do, even if a lack of funds meant it would likely be several months before that could be arranged.
He wasn’t concerned. An honest mistake had been made, but he hadn’t done anything wrong. He had nothing to worry about.

 
Later that day, Steven discovered he had something to worry about.
A yellow envelope had been jammed under his front door. He found it as he was closing up for the day. Inside was an invoice that looked like it had been created on a home computer and printed on a dot matrix printer. It was a demand for $25,000 in cash, to be paid by 4/30/93. This included $8,000 for “REFUND” and $17,000 for “PAIN AND SUFFERING”.
The envelope contained several other pages. They were photocopies of articles from the LA Times and the Daily News from the past five years. Scrawled along the top of the first page in barely legible handwriting was one word: “MOTIVATION”.
Steven read through the headlines:

 
LOCAL BUSINESSMAN QUESTIONED OVER RIVAL’S DISAPPEARANCE
 
OKURA DENIES LINK TO HEADLESS BODY
 
IS THIS LA’S MOST DANGEROUS MAN?
 

Each article described Tony Okura in similar terms: a mysterious Japanese-born businessman with a shadowy past who made his fortune by importing semiconductors and microprocessors during the tech boom of the mid to late eighties, before branching out into bars, nightclubs and restaurants.
But the image he presented to the world may or may not have been a front for his less legitimate activities.
Steven pressed on, his intestines contracting further with every paragraph – and with every glimpse of one word in particular that featured prominently in each article. It was a word that might explain the two men accompanying Tony Okura that morning. It might also explain the missing pinky finger on his left hand.
That word was Yakuza.
 
 
 
Chapter 10
 

“Julian, I’m sure there’s a reason why you’ve handed me this copy of Penthouse and you’re grinning at me like that,” Fawn said, peering down at the image of a scantily clad Cindy Crawford on the cover of the magazine’s April 1993 edition. “But I don’t think I want to know.”
“Just hear me out,” Julian said, leaning forward in his seat, almost bouncing up and down with excitement. “I know you’ve said no to this in the past.”
“And I’ll continue to say no in the present and future as well.” She put the magazine down and pushed it across the desk.
“It’s just one shoot. One quick shoot. That’s all it’ll be. Imagine the publicity! It could do wonders for your profile. I know this guy who’s friends with Bob Guccione, and he assures me he can get you a double page spread.”
“No, Julian.”
She noticed how long his hair was now. It must have been months since his last haircut. She prayed to god a man of his age wasn’t planning on growing a ponytail.
“It’ll be tasteful, I promise. Absolutely no pressure to do full nudity. I mean, if you want to do full nudity, that’d generate even more press.”
“No, Julian.”
“Look, you don’t have to give me an immediate answer.”
“But I am giving you an immediate answer.”
“Okay, but all I’m asking is that you give it some thought. Can you do that for me? Don’t dismiss it straight away, because I don’t think you understand how beneficial this could be for you.”
“Julian, stop! When you asked me to come in here today, you said you wanted to talk about finally doing something to get my album made. I didn’t think you were going to ask me to take my clothes off – again. You really need to stop doing that. It’s creepy and inappropriate.”
“You say it’s inappropriate, but I say I’m being realistic. Sex sells, Fawn. Always has, always will, and there’s no point in pretending otherwise. So you have two choices: either you take advantage of the fact, or you pout and complain and get nothing done and go nowhere. What do you want to do?”
“What I want is for people to take me seriously. That will never happen if I do Penthouse. It’ll be hard enough for anyone to look past the whole Christian kiddie pop thing as it is.”
“That’s where the Penthouse spread will help you! Don’t you get it? The public love seeing a former child star all grown up and, uh, you know, developed. Look at what it’s done for Drew Barrymore. She gets her kit off for one magazine, and now she’s a major star again. And in your case, you’re like the good Christian girl who’s discovered her nasty side. It’s twice as good. It’ll drive everyone wild.”
“Forget it! It’s never going to happen. Not in this lifetime. And if this is your idea of taking me seriously as an artist, you and I have vastly different perspectives.”
There was a peculiar onion odor in the office that Fawn could smell as soon as she walked through the door. It seemed to come from the trash can in the corner. Lance hadn’t been in for the past few days, and it seemed that Julian would prefer to allow whatever he had tossed in there to fester rather than empty it himself.
“Fawn, no one wants you to succeed more than I do. No one. It’s just that, right now, the label is in a complicated financial situation.”
“You promised that as soon as the Warpistol album was complete, the label would focus its time and resources on mine. Six months ago, you and I sat in these very chairs and you told me that I would be Silver Star’s number one priority in 1993. Those were your exact words.”
“And you are our number one priority. Or you will be, when the time is right. Believe me, I wish I could wave a magic wand and make it all happen, but it’s just not possible right now.”
“Yes, you keep saying that. ‘It’s not possible right now’, ‘We’re in a difficult financial situation’, ‘You have to be patient’. But you know what? I’m tired of being patient. I have fifty songs written now. Good songs, too. We could go into the studio tomorrow and lay down the best twelve. It’d take no more than a couple of weeks.”
“Right, except that all costs money. Studio time, session musicians, producers, engineers. They don’t work for free, kid.”
“Warpistol cost the label fifty thousand dollars last week when they trashed their hotel rooms!” The indignation had almost launched Fawn out of her seat.
“Alright, alright, calm down.”
“Calm down? You wrote a check to cover the damage those idiots caused without batting an eyelid! That could have paid for my whole album!”
“To be fair, that did bring the band some great publicity–”
“And do I need to remind you of how much money I have made for you over the past three years by putting on a wig and costume six nights a week and humiliating myself in front of crowds of drunks?”
“I know you have, and I appreciate that. Really, I do. But you’re putting the cart before the horse. I keep telling you, music is not the most important part of being a musician. It’s all about exposure. Brand recognition. Putting yourself out there and getting your name into the public consciousness. That’s what gets you added to MTV and on the playlists of radio stations across the country. That’s what gets people coming to see your live shows. Once that happens, then we can think about putting out some of your music.”
“For the last time, I am not doing Penthouse.”
“Fine. That’s a no to Penthouse, then. We can think of something else. Just not an album. Not right now, with our current debt and cash flow issues. But that’s only a short-term thing, I promise. Warpistol are on tour, they’re building their audience, word of mouth is spreading. Things are about to take off in a big way. Once that happens, the revenue will come in and we can think about your next move.”
“And how long is that going to take? Do you expect me to stick around and wait until Warpistol start turning a profit?”
Julian let out an exaggerated sigh. “I don’t know what you want me to say, Fawn. That’s the way the business works. Nothing happens overnight. You need to be patient.”
“I’ve been nothing but patient, Julian, and I’m sick of performing these endless, soul-destroying shows, only to watch another band use the money I’m making for you as strip-club confetti. I’m going out there night after night so a bunch of posers in eyeliner and spandex can live out their adolescent rock star fantasies.”
“Okay, we’re going in circles here. You say you want to make an album, I say we’re skint and can’t do that just yet. Is there anything more to add to the conversation, or should we call an end to the meeting?”
The traffic zooming by on the street outside was the only sound heard in the office for the next twenty seconds. Fawn needed a moment to work up the nerve for what she was about to say. It was something she had rehearsed countless times in her head over the past few days. Now it was time to put her plan into action.
“You have two weeks,” she said.
“Two weeks for what?”
“Two weeks to show me you’re serious about my career. I’ve been with you a long time. I’ve done everything you’ve told me to do without questioning it, and I did it because I trusted you and assumed you knew what you were doing. Now it’s time for you to repay that faith. You need to make something happen, and soon. Something concrete.”
“Sure. I’m happy to discuss ideas–”
“No. No more talk, no more ideas, no more brainstorming sessions that end with you asking me to do soft porn. I want action. I need to see tangible proof that you’re working for me, and that something will happen this year. Not next year, not 1999, not when Warpistol go triple platinum and sell out the Forum. This year. And if you’re not able to do that ...”
She paused for effect, careful not to leave it too long for the silence to be misconstrued as indecisiveness.
“If you can’t do that, I’m leaving Silver Star Records, I’m leaving Ze-Rocks, and I’ll be seeking new management.”
The look on Julian’s face was not what she had hoped for. His expression was of someone waiting to hear the punchline.
“Blimey, Fawn. When you started doing the Cher shows, I didn’t expect you to take on her diva attitude as well.”
“Did you hear what I just said?”
“I heard you, I’m just ...” Julian cleared his throat by coughing into his hand, something he appeared to be doing to hide his amusement. “This is a tough industry. To be honest, I think you’ve been a bit sheltered, and you don’t really understand how cutthroat it can be. Plenty of girls in this town would kill to be in your position. You have a manager, a record deal and full-time employment. You’re on a pretty good wicket, all things considered. Now if you want to leave, I won’t stand in your way, but you have to realize you can’t just pick an agency out of the Yellow Pages and expect them to take you on. It’s not that easy.”
“And what if I already have someone interested?”
“Uh-huh. And who would that be?”
Fawn allowed a few seconds to pass before giving her answer. “If you must know, I’ve been speaking with Roderick Knight.”
Julian gave up trying not to laugh. He let forth with a short burst. “Roderick Knight?”
“That’s right. From Knight Vision.”
“I know who he is. You’re telling me he wants to manage you?”
“I didn’t want to tell you this, but I met with him the other day.”
“Course you did, pet.”
“He was at my show. The one at Velveteen. I was talking to him at the bar afterwards. Nothing’s official, but he gave me this before I left.”
She maintained her poker face as she plucked Roderick Knight’s business card from her pocket and placed it on Julian’s desk. She positioned it the right way around for him to read.
“He told me to send in my demo. He seemed genuinely interested in my music, which is a lot more than I can say for you. And I don’t think he was trying to pick me up, if you know what I mean.”
The smile vanished as soon as Julian laid eyes on the business card. Fawn was pleased with herself, especially as she had managed to achieve all this without uttering a single untruth – even if her story did contain a few vital omissions.
“He also said it was a bad idea to have the head of the label as my manager. It’s a conflict of interest, and I think he has a point. A good manager should be in my corner and have my best interests at heart. They should be looking for a better deal if the label isn’t doing enough for me. Clearly, that’s not something you’re ever going to do.”
A small panic came over Julian. All trace of smugness had disappeared. “You don’t want to do that,” he said.
“Give me one reason why I shouldn’t.”
“Because ... because we have a deal! You signed a contract.”
“Oh, so now we have a deal, do we? As far as I can tell, I’m the only one holding up my end of the bargain. I don’t think my contract should be too hard to get out of, either.”
She wasn’t sure how true this was. She had discovered – much too late – that the deal she signed three years ago was rather restrictive and might take some wrangling to get out of, but she wanted to give the impression that freeing herself from it was a mere formality.
“And you just said a minute ago that if I wanted to leave, you wouldn’t stand in my way,” she added.
“Alright, alright, just ... give me some time to make something happen,” Julian said. “Give me a month.”
“No. You’ve had three years, almost. It’s two weeks, like I said. If you’re serious about this, and if you’re serious about me, you’ll figure something out.”
Julian pulled in a deep breath, and he ran his fingers through his hair. It was clear he had been rattled. “I’ll get right on it, I promise. I promise.”
For the first time that day, and possibly the first time that week, Fawn managed a smile. “I can’t wait to see what you come up with.”
 
 
 
2 April 1993
 
Dear Fawn,
I’ll be honest with you, I’m maybe kinda just a tiny bit tipsy right now and I haven’t slept for something like 30 hours and my brain’s sorta fried so apologies if you’re having trouble reading my handwriting or I’m not making any sense but I needed to get my thoughts down on paper while they’re fresh in my mind.
This letter is being composed on a train as it hurtles through the Belgian countryside. Me and some of the team I’m working with here decided on a whim to ditch the studio and go to this rave we’d heard about that was being held in an abandoned government building in East Berlin. I honestly don’t have the vocabulary to accurately describe what I have just been through, other than to say it might have been the most transcendent moment of my life. Seeing a gathering of thousands of people of different ages and backgrounds and races and cultures coming together as one at the site of what was once a monument to tyranny was something so beautiful and so spiritual that it brought tears to my eyes more than once. It was a feeling of togetherness and peace unlike anything I have ever experienced. This is what it truly means to be alive. I believe I now have a better understanding of what human beings were put on this earth for.
And yet ... something was missing. YOU were missing. Throughout this past day and night and now day again, you were never far from my thoughts. The only thing that could have made it better was if you were here with me. We’re a team, you and me. Always have been. I know you have your own thing going on and that’s cool, but I just needed to share these insights with you. Live, girl!! Take risks!! Do something incredible with your life, because I KNOW you’re capable of so much more! We only get one shot at this life, eighty or ninety years on this planetary playground and then BOOM it’s all over and we turn to dust particles and a couple of decades later everyone forgets about us and it’s almost as if we never existed in the first place. We all know this but we don’t REALLY know it because nobody ever wants to acknowledge it or talk about it properly and we definitely don’t appreciate it as much as we should. Nothing lasts forever. People are born, people die, walls are built in fear to divide us, love tears them down again to unite us. The world keeps spinning, and the greatest century in the history of human civilization reaches its epic conclusion in less than seven years. SEVEN YEARS! Can you even comprehend such a far-out concept as living in the twenty-first century? We are now closer to the year 2000 than we are to 1985. Let that kernel of truth sink in for a moment.
Sorry if I’m rambling but I needed to get this all down. I miss you!!
Karli xoxoxoxo
 
 
 
Chapter 11
 

Drinking on a weekday afternoon was not unusual for Julian during his eighties heyday. Atlantic Records didn’t have a problem with it. Hell, they encouraged it. They were the ones picking up the tab. Back then it was part of the culture, a way of building rapport with the artists. These days he tried to exercise a little more restraint, given that he needed a clear head to run the day-to-day operations of the label. He wasn’t always successful in doing that, and there was the occasional lapse. Like today, when an emergency situation had arisen, and he was being haunted by a ghost from his past.
He emptied his glass.
The source of his anguish was still on his desk, right where Fawn had left it – Roderick Knight’s business card. He stared at the 3.5 x 2" piece of paper with simmering blood. This was a taunt, no doubt about it. A challenge. An attempt by his former underling at needling him. It didn’t affect him, though. Not really. Whatever games that slimy shirtlifter wanted to play, Julian wasn’t interested. He wasn’t about to take the bait.
But still. Why couldn’t he stop looking at it? Everything about it infuriated him. Even the design. Especially the design. It was made to look like the insert of a blank cassette tape, with embossed handwritten lettering spelling out his name and contact information. Roderick Knight was a millionaire, and he had paid some graphic design team however many thousands of dollars to leech off an underground DIY subculture that he had never been a part of. And that was before he even got to the ludicrous job title he had bestowed upon himself: Roderick Knight – Creative Artist Advocate. Ugh. Pillock.
What he should do was call him up to let him know he wasn’t falling for it. The phone number was right there. He should do it. No, wait, that was a terrible idea. He wouldn’t want to give him the satisfaction. Definitely don’t do that. No, no, no. Don’t do anything as daft as call that number.
Don’t make that call, Julian.
Don’t make the call.
Do not make that call.
Julian ripped the card in half, and he refilled his glass.
 
 
“Hello, Roderick Knight.”
“Listen to me, you piddling insect. I’m only going to say this once: stay away from my artists.”
“I’m sorry, who is this?”
“If I hear about you ... don’t act like you don’t ... you know who this is ...”
“Dad?”
“What? Look, if you think you can just–”
“I’m kinda busy right now, Dad. I’m at work. Could you call back at another time?”
“I don’t know what you’re playing at, or if you’re trying to start something, but if I hear about you sniffing around my talent again, you’ll, you’ll, you’ll be starting a fight that you might not be able to finish. Have I made myself clear?”
“I’m afraid nothing about this conversation is clear.”
“Oh yeah? So how about I come around there now and pay you a visit? Huh? Maybe we should sort this out face to face. What do you think about that?”
“Wait a minute. I recognize that slurring Limey accent. This is Jeffrey, isn’t it?”
“I’m not going to tell you again! If I find out you’re trying to poach any of my artists, you’ll regret the day you were born.”
“Oh, Jeffrey. As tempted as I am to lure Warpistol from your clutches, you can rest easy. I won’t be going anywhere near them. Judging by ticket sales, you won’t have to worry about too many others going near them, either. Between you and me, I think lycra rock has had its day. But what would I know, right? You’re the legendary star-maker, not me.”
“I’m not talking about Warpistol–”
“Did you read that Mick Wall review in Kerrang? ‘Warpistol might be the worst thing to happen to popular music since Mark David Chapman’. Ouch. That was brutal.”
“I said I’m not talking about Warpistol, you cretinous runt!”
“Runt? You know that I’m actually taller than you–”
“I’m talking about Fawn de Jager! She’s my artist. I discovered her, not you. She’s mine! Now stay away from her!”
“I’m sorry, I don’t have the slightest idea what you’re talking–”
“Consider this your first and final warning! If you go near any of my artists again I will cut off your bollocks and see you in court!”
“In that order?”
“What? Listen to me–”
“Look, Jeffrey, it’s two in the afternoon and I can smell the gin on your breath from here. You need to stop. Seriously. I say that as ... well, not as a friend. Or as someone who really cares about your wellbeing. Come to think of it, I’m not sure why I said it. Maybe I’m thinking of the people around you, because I know from experience what they would have to put up with. Seek help, for their benefit as much as your own, because this behavior is not dignified. You can’t get away with it anymore.”
“Stay away from Fawn de Jager! I’m not going to tell you–”
“Right, right, you’re not going to tell me again, even though that’s the third time you’ve told me, and even though I don’t know who that is. Now look, maybe your memory’s fading in your old age, or perhaps you’ve woken up disoriented from a long nap and thought it was still 1987, but either way, you need to remember that I don’t work for you anymore, and I haven’t worked for you for years, which means you can’t order me around, you can’t threaten me, your words have no effect, and I don’t have to listen to any of this. Go back to rehab and goodbye.”
 
 
 
Chapter 12
 

Up until a couple of minutes ago, Roderick Knight assumed the worst of his hangover was behind him. It took only one ninety-second phone call of manic screaming to disabuse him of such a notion. The woozy head had returned, as had the dry mouth and the sensitivity to light. He reached for his café au lait, but only a few drops remained.
He was still mad at himself for staying out so late on a weeknight. This was not the way he wanted to run a business. It was fine to blow off steam once in a while, but lately “once in a while” was turning into “once or twice a week”. Venturing out to clubs and conducting meetings in crowded bars may have been a part of his job, but he had to start treating it like a job and be more professional about it. Maybe he should cut out the booze altogether if he couldn’t say no after the first two. He’d just received a timely reminder of what could happen if you enjoyed the industry’s permissive side a bit too much. The last thing he wanted was turn into that.
“Who was that?” Abbie said. “I could hear him word for word.”
She was his assistant of three months, a studious girl only just out of her teens. She was in Roderick’s office taking his lunch order when the call came through.
“That was my former boss, Mr. Jeffrey Lipshut,” Roderick said. “Or Julian T. Rockefeller, as he prefers to be known.”
“That was Julian T. Rockefeller?”
“Yes, and that was what I had to put up with every day for five years. Every single day. Keep that in mind the next time you complain about your job.”
“I never complain about my job!” Abbie said, before she realized Roderick was making a joke. “I mean, um ... he’s a pretty big deal, isn’t he? Julian T. Rockefeller?”
“Used to be a big deal,” Roderick said, rubbing at his eyes. “He used to be somebody, but now he’s a nobody.”
“But wasn’t he one of the top guys at Atlantic? Like, one of the most powerful men in the industry?”
Roderick couldn’t help but crack a smile. For all his shortcomings, even he had to concede that few were more skilled in the art of mythmaking and self-promotion than Julian T. Rockefeller. During his tenure as the head of A&R at Atlantic Records, he had somehow convinced the industry and the wider music press that he was rock’s answer to Clive Davis or Berry Gordy, a talent-spotting savant with an eye for the next major superstar, and everything he touched turned quadruple platinum. He claimed credit for the success of numerous bands: Foreigner, AC/DC, Journey, Skid Row, Judas Priest, Ratt, Quiet Riot and Twisted Sister among them, but the truth was a little more prosaic, and Julian was responsible for none of those artists. He drank with them, did blow with them, flew first-class with them, made money off them, and he signed off on all their expenses, but none were his discoveries. He either inherited them, or they had been brought to the label by someone else. Much of his success came down to being in the right place at the right time and having a mouth as big as his ego.
Bands that Julian did personally sign and champion heavily but went nowhere: Syxx Vyxxyns, Prom Night Massacre, Mudd, Taurus Blue, Y Kant Tori Read, Bloodborne Virus, Trenchfoot, Obadiah. Each act had over one million dollars spent on their development and promotion. None sold more than thirty thousand records.
Bands that Julian passed on: Bon Jovi, in 1983, and Guns N’ Roses, in 1985. The combined sales of these two acts now exceeded one hundred million units.
“That was another lifetime ago,” Roderick said with a sigh. He had no desire to revisit the past, especially in his present state. “Anyway, forget about lunch, I’m not that hungry. You think you could just fetch me a Gatorade?”
“I’ll get right on it,” Abbie said, as if the future of Knight Vision hinged on the completion of this one task. She scribbled something down on her notepad and zoomed toward the door.
“Before you leave.” Roderick looked down to the name he had scrawled across the back of yesterday’s lunch receipt during the call. “Fawn de Jager. Does that name mean anything to you?”
Abbie didn’t respond right away. She appeared to be cycling through a number of different answers, reluctant to admit to not knowing something that she should.
“It’s okay if you don’t know who she is. I don’t know either. I just wondered if you’d heard of her.”
“I don’t think I have,” Abbie said, almost apologetic until the perfect response came to her. “But I’m sure I can find out!”
Roderick smiled. “If you could, that would be amazing.”
Abbie had turned up at the Knight Vision offices three months ago with a résumé in her hands and her brightest smile on her face. The business had been going for less than a year by that point, and Roderick was not really in any position to take on more staff, but he was won over by her enthusiasm. Someone had given him a break once, and now he needed to do likewise. Abbie was probably familiar with Roderick’s own backstory – the one that had been embellished slightly over the years, both by the press and himself – where he did the same thing: turning up on Atlantic Records’ doorstep as an eager seventeen-year-old the day after his high school graduation and promising to work harder than anyone else in the organization if he was just given a chance.
He knew that for Knight Vision to succeed, they would need committed, passionate staff – people in it for the long haul who would treat this as their calling, rather than as just another job or a stepping stone to something better. He also needed to surround himself with staff younger than himself to give him a heads up on who or what the next big thing was. He may have only been twenty-five, but already there were moments where he felt out of touch with what the kids were into these days.
He glanced down at the name on the receipt again. His handwriting looked like something spat out by a polygraph. Only then did he notice the tremor affecting both his hands. He was still shaking, nearly ten minutes after the call had ended. He hadn’t seen Julian in years – he barely gave him a moment’s thought these days – and yet he could still have such an effect on him. It was humiliating, like a grown man being intimidated by his fifth-grade teacher.
He needed to step out of the office and get some air. He told his secretary he was heading out, and he didn’t know when he would be back.
The purpose of the walk was to clear his head, but despite his best efforts he found it impossible to think about anything other than Julian. Bizarrely, he wondered if he had been too hard on him. Despite their history, and even though it was fun, there was little honor in kicking a man when he was down – and Julian T. Rockefeller was most certainly down. The man who once ruled the Sunset Strip as he rode the coattails of some of the eighties’ premier hard rock acts was now booking Elvis impersonators from his strip mall office. He had invested everything he had in Warpistol, an embarrassing anachronistic parody band about a decade late to the hairspray-rock party. There were rumors that he had sold one of his houses to fund the label, and had taken out a second mortgage on another. Julian was a cautionary tale, the dictionary definition of hubris, and emblematic of the swift rise and even swifter fall this industry was notorious for. One minute you’re rubbing shoulders with Jack Nicholson courtside at LA Lakers games, the next you’re begging for nosebleed seats to watch the LA Clippers play.
Any residual feelings of guilt soon vanished into the ether. Roderick only had to recall the torture inflicted upon him during his Atlantic days to realize he still had some way to go before they had evened the score. All the personal abuse he endured on a daily basis. The yelling and screaming, and the relentless stream of homophobic remarks. The ridiculous demands and erratic moods. The sheer delight that Julian seemed to take in making his life a living hell, as if humiliating a teenage assistant was a fringe benefit of being the head of A&R, along with limos and private jets. Chairs had been hurled across rooms, ashtrays thrown at heads, drinks tossed in faces – and not always cold drinks. He once emptied a trash can onto the floor and ordered Roderick to clean it up, just for the fun of it. Just because he could. He presided over a culture where anything resembling courtesy or humanity was considered a weakness. A minute and a half of gentle mockery didn’t come close to making up for five years of hell.
Anyone else he might have felt sorry for, but not Julian.
Still, he had to give him credit for one thing: if it wasn’t for him, Roderick probably wouldn’t be where he was right now. He was an inspiration to the young Roderick Knight, mostly due to the fact that if someone so bad at their job could achieve so much success, and if Julian could become the head of A&R at a major label despite having no idea what he was doing, anyone could make it with a bit of hard work and discipline, along with a generous helping of shameless self-promotion.
The day Julian was fired from Atlantic Records was the best day of Roderick’s life. It was like a giant weight had been lifted, and he no longer had to walk around in constant fear. It was no coincidence that his own career began to flourish around the same time. He was promoted to junior A&R scout, where he had a hand in bringing a succession of artists to the label that ended up going gold and platinum. His confidence grew in tandem with his ambition, and he was being earmarked for bigger and better things. There was even talk that he could have Julian’s old job within five or six years. But he baulked at this, and he saw that his opportunities lay elsewhere. He handed in his resignation, almost on a whim, and he began making plans to move into the field of artist management. He had served his apprenticeship, and it was time to move on.
He arrived at the intersection of Wilshire and 26th. He had been walking for about twenty minutes by now. A silver Pontiac pulled up to the lights next to him as he waited to cross. Its subwoofers pumped The Chronic at a volume that made his eardrums rattle. He didn’t know the name of this track, or any of the tracks, but he had heard these songs enough times over the past few months for the sound to be instantly recognizable. The album was so ubiquitous that he had absorbed it by osmosis.
The driver didn’t look much different from him: white, middle class, mid-twenties.
Mariah Carey, Pearl Jam and Garth Brooks may have been ruling the charts right now, but this was the sound that ruled the LA streets. As recently as a couple of years ago, rap was still considered a passing fad, or, at best, a niche concern, and a sound predominantly limited to black audiences. It was something you would hear coming out of lowriders cruising Compton and South Central. These days, you could hear it coming out of Pontiacs in Brentwood and Camaros in West Hollywood. Now it was beginning to flood white suburbia – the point of critical mass. The rap world was one that Roderick didn’t know much about, but he was eager to keep an ear to the ground. Some of the younger Knight Vision staff knew a lot more than he did, so he would be relying on them to keep him up to date. Things were about to blow up in a big way, and he didn’t want to be left behind.
He returned to the office half an hour later. His secretary was on a call. She placed her hand over the receiver as soon as she saw him walk in.
“Abbie wanted me to give you this,” she said, nodding toward the corner of her desk. There was an A5-sized envelope next to a bottle of Gatorade. “She said it came in yesterday’s mail.”
Roderick ignored the Gatorade and picked up the envelope. He flipped it over to look at the sender’s details on the reverse side. He saw the name Fawn de Jager, along with a return address.
He opened it up. Inside was a handwritten note and a cassette tape.
“Well, well.” A wry smile grew. “Let’s meet the girl that’s got Julian T. Rockefeller so worked up.”
 
 
Track one: “Lovesick Society”. An up-tempo dance-pop number. Cheap lo-fi production, but acceptable quality for a demo. Maybe done for a hundred bucks in someone’s basement set-up. A James Brown drum loop, Chic guitar riff and Duran Duran bassline. The vocals arrived twenty seconds in. Strong voice. Lyrics were decent, if nothing to get excited about. The usual pop fluff, with obvious rhymes.
It was a sound that wasn’t fashionable in 1993, but that was irrelevant. Pop music remained immune from fluctuating trends. This whole alt-rock revolution currently taking over the world was a blip, a brief detour from the norm. Counterculture movements, from the flower-power hippie scene of the sixties to the nihilistic no-future punks of the late seventies, typically sputtered out after a couple of years. By his reckoning, the alternative nation was living on borrowed time. Another twelve months at the most. After that, the music world will return to its default setting, and the general public will go back to listening to pretty girls and cute boys singing catchy ditties about falling in love.
Roderick listened to the track for forty-five seconds before he hit fast forward.
Track two: “Glide”. Opened with a basic, minimalist instrumental track – stabs of piano, a pulsating drum machine loop, and a barely there, deliberately off-key synth bassline. It gradually developed, the mood mutating in eight bar increments, eliciting a kind of woozy hypnotic vibe. It was more than a minute into the song before the vocals arrived. They were low and subdued, half-sung half-whispered, until they took off in the chorus. It had a kind of European vibe, but in a good way, and not in a cheesy Eurodisco way.
This was nothing like what was currently being played on the radio. It was closer to what had been happening in the UK for the past half-decade, where the influence of acid house and rave culture was infiltrating the mainstream. That wasn’t necessarily a bad thing; the US usually took three to five years to catch up with whatever was happening on the other side of the pond, and so it would be good to stay ahead of the curve.
Fast-forward to track three: “Broken Not Bleeding”. A frantic blast of synth-pop, like Human League covering the Ramones. Anthemic choruses, with lyrics about self-empowerment and overcoming adversity. Catchy. Strong earworm potential. He could imagine drunken twentysomething women stumbling around the streets, heels in hand, singing sidewalk karaoke versions of this song as Friday night gave way to Saturday morning.
Track four: “Kisses In The Dark”. Lightweight. Forgettable. It sounded like an attempt at writing mall-pop for Debbie Gibson. Hard to believe this and “Glide” were from the same artist. This track only received twenty seconds of his time.
The final track was called “Revelations”. It was just her vocals with a spare piano accompaniment, her voice oscillating from a whisper to a howl and then back again. Strangely beguiling, and nothing at all like the tracks that came before it. In fact, all five songs were distinct from one other. Fawn de Jager came across as an artist still searching for her true voice, trying on a variety of masks to see which one fit best. This song was a showcase for her impressive range, but mercifully free from the overwrought vocal histrionics that marred so many similar tunes. He listened to it the whole way through.
Once it was finished, Roderick did something he had only ever done a handful of times – he rewound the tape back to the start, and he listened to all five tracks in full.
Excluding track four, the songs were good. Two of the songs, “Glide” and “Revelations”, were particularly good, while “Lovesick Society” and “Broken Not Bleeding” would slot comfortably into the next Paula Abdul or Belinda Carlisle release. The girl was not lacking in talent. But how good was she? If he had picked this tape out at random from the submissions pile without knowing anything about the artist, would he still be giving her this much attention? Or was he doing this because Julian had screamed at him to stay away, and he was like a child who only wanted to play with a toy because another kid was already playing with it?
He couldn’t articulate it, but something about these five songs intrigued him. There was a spark there, an indefinable quality lurking beneath the rudimentary production. Maybe it had to do with the fact that he had spent the past six months listening to tape after tape of third-rate Nirvana clones, endless dirges of feedback, distortion, and garbled vocals, and this was like a ray of sunshine after a monthlong downpour. Or maybe it was because, over the course of the past hour, his hangover had finally lifted.
Or perhaps his judgement had been affected by Julian’s phone call, as much as he hated to admit that his former boss and tormentor could have such an influence over him. Roderick took pride in his professionalism, and he always made sure to remove emotion from any business decision. It was a rule he had no intention of breaking, especially not for Julian T. Rockefeller. More than one man in this industry had precipitated his own downfall by allowing his ego to get the better of him. He would not pursue an artist simply as an act of provocation against a former adversary.
But one meeting couldn’t hurt. If this Fawn de Jager could whip Julian T. Rockefeller into such a frenzy, he had to see what all the fuss was about.
 
 
 
Chapter 13
 

There was no more vodka. Julian made the distressing discovery when he unlocked the bottom drawer of his filing cabinet, the spot where he kept his emergency stash, only to be reminded that the bottle he had just sucked dry was the emergency stash. This was a most troubling development, and not only due to the blank spot in his memory that had erased any recollection of him retrieving the bottle in the first place. If immediate action was not taken, he was in danger of ending the day in a state of near sobriety.
A cold panic hit. This was an unacceptable outcome.
It was early evening. A smog-tinged orange-gray LA sunset hung outside his window. Pieces of Eight by Styx skipped and jumped on the CD player in the corner. The disc was marked with bumps and scratches; Lemmy once used it to chop up lines of speed during a party at Julian’s house in ’88.
He considered his options. He could take this as a sign to call it a day and head on home, or he could trudge the block and a half to the nearest off-license to purchase another bottle. He was leaning toward the latter option, although if he did that he’d likely end up sleeping in the office again.
He settled on option number three: stay where he was and continue to stew in his own misery.
The copy of Penthouse was in front of him, the one with Cindy Crawford on the cover. He flicked through a few pages, looking for something to help him forget about his problems, but all it did was dredge up a feeling of intense longing. It was only a few short years ago that he was cavorting with Penthouse models on yachts and partying with them in Billy Idol’s hotel suite. Now they were nothing more than static two-dimensional images printed on glossy paper. There was so much distance between his life and theirs that they may as well live on different planets.
He came to the letters page. Reading those never failed to lift his spirits. They were always outrageous, and probably fabricated, and they seemed to follow a set template (opening with I know this sounds like it’s made up, but it really did happen ... before detailing some absurd fantasy scenario that almost certainly did not happen), but they were entertaining enough to take his mind off things, and if there wasn’t anything happening for himself in that department he could at least live vicariously through other people.
He tried reading the first one, something about a traveling salesman snowed-in at a hotel with a trio of nubile Swiss tourists, and the lengths they went to keep warm, but the text kept drifting in and out of focus, never staying still long enough for him to read more than a few words at a time.
He tossed the magazine aside. Right now, he’d trade his Rolex for another drink. Or he would have, if he hadn’t sold it last month to the Armenian guy in the shop next door.
Everything in his life was falling apart. He could feel the weight of the world bearing down on him. Warpistol continued to bleed the label dry, with every razed hotel room and five-figure bar tab bringing him one step closer to bankruptcy. This was mostly his fault, since he had encouraged their every indulgence from day one, but it was supposed to be an investment, not dumping his life savings into a big pile and setting it alight. The first two singles off Hair Of The Dog That Bitch Ya had sunk without a trace after being ignored by radio and MTV. The planned publicity stunts hadn’t blown up the way he had expected them to, either. None of the other bands had taken the bait when Warpistol tried to instigate feuds with them. Spin magazine dismissed their instrument-trashing antics on The Jon Stewart Show as “pre-packaged rebellion”, despite drowning in their own superlatives whenever Kurt Cobain did the same thing.
Just this week, Julian had phoned a dozen tabloid rags to plant rumors about the band’s lead guitarist dating Erika Eleniak from Baywatch. This had been a sure-fire way of getting free press in the past, but none considered the story newsworthy. In fact, Erika Eleniak had issued her own statement denying the rumor, insisting that they had never met, and that she had never heard of Warpistol. It was rare moments like this where he actually missed living in the UK with those Fleet Street parasites. You only had to dream of a story involving celebrities and the red tops would happily splash it across their front pages.
It just didn’t make sense that the band had not taken off. There were tens of millions of rock fans out there presently uncatered for; the ones that had sent Dr. Feelgood and Hysteria to the top of the charts only half a decade ago. Fans who just wanted to rock out and have nothing but a good time, and not listen to some hygiene-averse bedwetter who sucked on purpose warble on about how sad his parents’ divorce had made him feel. Those fans didn’t vanish overnight or start listening to country and western. They were out there, eagerly awaiting the emergence of the next great rock behemoth. The fact that Def Leppard had sold six million copies of their last album, despite it being a substandard effort with no hit singles, demonstrated how hungry the public was for that sound.
He tried to hold his nerve, but it wasn’t always easy when he was submerged in debt. Something had to happen soon, otherwise he didn’t know what he was going to do.
And now, on top of everything else, he had to deal with these dramas involving Fawn.
He genuinely wanted her to be a success, but he didn’t have the resources to make that happen. He already had one act that he had literally bet the house on; one that was peeling years off his life with every new invoice that crossed his desk. A second act bleeding money might send him to an early grave.
The alternative, though, was to lose her altogether. He wouldn’t miss her nagging, and she would be one less problem for him to worry about, but there would be two drawbacks to her departure. The first was that, for almost three years now, she had been Ze-Rocks’ most reliable earner. She was in high demand with the tribute act circuit, and she brought in a lot of repeat business. Her work helped keep the lights on.
But Fawn leaving Ze-Rocks wouldn’t be the end of the world. It would be an inconvenience, but she was replaceable. Losing her to Roderick Knight, though – that was something he could not abide. Here was a bloke who, five years ago, couldn’t get a simple lunch order right, and would cry in the bathroom or file a complaint with HR if you so much as frowned in his presence. Now he had hoodwinked the media and the industry by somehow turning himself into the most talked-about player in artist management. He was emblematic of what the scene had become – weak, limp, inoffensive, politically correct, and the furthest thing from what rock and roll was supposed to be. Roderick Knight’s success represented everything that annoyed and confused him about the modern music industry.
And what was he doing sniffing around Silver Star’s artists? Did Roderick know something he didn’t? Was it possible that Fawn had the potential to become a platinum-selling artist and he hadn’t even noticed? Stranger things had happened, and he had to admit that he hadn’t been paying too much attention to her lately. She had mentioned earlier that she had written fifty songs, but he hadn’t listened to any of her music since that first demo. Come to think of it, he wouldn’t be able to hum a single tune of hers with a gun to his head.
For his birthday a few years ago, a friend visiting from England had gifted him a small coffee cannister packed with ecstasy tablets, the new drug that had swept his homeland the previous summer. “It’ll blow your mind wide open,” the friend promised, and he was not exaggerating. Julian tried his first one a couple of days later. He enjoyed the sensation so much that he took another, and then another, and then another. When he finally floated back down to earth four days later, he discovered that he was twenty pounds lighter, and he had signed Fawn de Jager to Silver Star Records – along with eleven other artists.
Unbeknownst to him, the drug significantly enhanced the listening experience. Everything he heard sounded magical. He would have offered his fax machine a five-album deal had a fax come through during those lost days.
Perhaps Fawn had written a number of sure-fire hits over the past three years and he was none the wiser. Maybe that was why Roderick Knight was pursuing her. Or perhaps this was a deliberate provocation. Maybe Roderick was trying to steal Fawn just to get back at him.
There and then, he made a vow: Roderick Knight would not get the better of Julian T. Rockefeller. He would do everything in his power to prevent that from happening. And he was not going to lose Fawn. In fact, he would turn her into a star, just to prove that he could.
Today’s events had all happened for a reason. It was an opportunity to show the world that he was up for the challenge, and that he still had it. All he needed was that one killer idea to set everything in motion.
He leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes. Think, Julian. You’ve done it before, so you can do it again. Maybe another drink would help pry open his mind’s creative nucleus. That was it. He needed another drink. A couple of lines would be even better, albeit harder to obtain. But he could hurry down to the off-license and pick up another bottle, then come back to the office and pull an all-nighter. Just like the good old days. It was time to utilize the power of positive drinking.
He may as well keep going, since he was already well on his way to getting lashed. No point doing anything in half-measures. It didn’t matter that it was the middle of the week. Rock and roll lifers like him didn’t adhere to banker’s hours, and there was nothing wrong with a guy in his line of work blowing off steam every now and then. If anything, it should be encouraged. Someone needed to carry on in the spirit of true rebels like Jim Morrison and Jimi Hendrix, or Keith Moon and Bon Scott, otherwise the squares had won.
Scratch that. Those four were all dead.
Someone needed to carry on in the spirit of true rebels like Keith Richards and Ozzy Osbourne. Those two were still kicking around, at least for now.
And then he jerked awake with a hack and a snort.
The office was now drenched in darkness. Tommy Shaw was still warbling on the stereo about long nights and impossible odds. Several disorienting seconds passed before he remembered where he was. He must have slept for an hour or more.
He hauled himself out of his chair and fumbled around for the light switch. He caught his reflection in the window just as the light flickered on. The place was an ungodly mess, and so was he. He had passed out with his head back and his mouth wide open. He felt like he may have given himself permanent neck damage. A patch of drool had formed on his shirt, and a pound of sludge had formed between his ears.
He collapsed back into his chair. The heavy buzz had given way to the early stages of a blinding hangover, and the small spark of optimism from earlier had been smothered by existential despair.
He looked around for something to soothe his desiccated throat. He found a plastic cup, but that was empty, as was the water cooler. It pained him to swallow. He had been snoring like a broken generator ever since he blew out a chunk of his septum a few years back – an unfortunate but all too common occupational hazard.
Julian stared at the wall in front of him, and he asked himself how did it all come to this. Here he was, this once-mighty emperor of the Sunset Strip, now broke and desperate and middle aged and drooling on himself in his broom closet of an office, struck down by three years of Sod’s law. Maybe this was his rock bottom moment. Or maybe not. He knew from watching others crash and burn that no matter how far you fell, you could always fall that little bit further.
After an indeterminate period of feeling sorry for himself, his eyes drifted down to the magazine on his desk. The copy of Penthouse. The pedestal fan had blown it open to a page of classified ads. One heading in particular stood out. His vision settled long enough to focus on a few words. It was for a local outfit by the name of Supreme Seizures. He read the ad three times.
Like magic, the fog inside his head cleared and the cogs began to turn. Lightning struck, and he experienced a moment of pure inspiration, the likes of which comes around maybe once every four or five years.
The solution to his problems had arrived, as if whispered by a higher power.
 
 
 
Chapter 14
 

It was the hottest day of spring so far. Fawn lugged the heavy box of flyers up the hill toward her apartment complex. She had stepped off the bus three miles from her home instead of the usual two, unable to tolerate being sealed inside that motorized sardine can a moment longer – the stifling air, the passenger who smelled of cheese, the one who cleared his sinuses every thirty seconds, the one who would “accidentally” lean into her whenever they took a corner.
She had just been to Kinkos, after performing another set at the Holloway the previous night to an audience of nine. She may as well have been playing to nine mannequins, for all the response she received. There were few things more depressing than singing the songs that she had poured her heart and soul into, only to hear the clinking of glasses and clearing of throats once it was over. She needed to ramp up her promotional efforts and get people through the doors if she wanted her shows to have any kind of atmosphere.
Just as she was about to leave Kinkos, she spotted Jennifer McElrath coming through the doors. They had attended the same high school, but several years had passed since they last saw each other. Fawn immediately doubled back and hid behind a copier, praying that Jennifer wouldn’t notice or recognize her. She only needed to look at Jennifer to know how well she was doing now – probably working in finance or law, or maybe even publicity for one of the big Hollywood studios. The last thing she wanted was to engage in awkward chit chat, where Jennifer would ask what she was doing with her life, and Fawn would either suffer the humiliation of going over the state of her faltering career, or she would invent a story that Jennifer would probably know was fabricated anyway. 
She stood there for six excruciating minutes before she worked up the nerve to sneak out.
Moments like that seemed to be happening more and more these days, where she would cross paths with a long-lost friend or spot someone she had gone to school with who was now doing so much better than her. Every time this happened, an alternate timeline would flash before her eyes; a life that could have been hers had she made smarter choices when she was younger and gone down a different fork in the road rather than pursuing this impossible dream. It would plunge her into a state of despondency that would last for days. Lately it had even been happening with strangers, if she passed someone on the street who was around her age and clearly had their life together. She stood by and watched as everyone else graduated college, got terrific jobs, started their own businesses, traveled the world, made money, got engaged; all the while she was trapped in the same place, swimming in quicksand, each day the same as the one preceding it, her life barely any different now to when she was a teenager. Everyone else’s success made her own failure feel twice as bad.
It was after four p.m. by the time she arrived back at her complex. She collected her mail on the way in.
A U-Haul truck was parked out the front of the building. New neighbors were moving in next door. The previous occupants, the showtunes-loving mother and daughter, had moved on to bigger and better things. The daughter had landed a role on a new Nickelodeon series, while the mother had scored a regular dinner theatre gig. Another two people moving up in the world and leaving her in the rear-view mirror.
She tore open the first letter as she trudged up the stairs, awkwardly balancing the box on her left arm along the way. It was from a New York-based record label that she had mailed her demo to some months ago. She scanned the opening lines, stopping when she glimpsed the word “unfortunately”; a word that appeared near the beginning of every rejection letter she had ever received. That, or “I regret to inform you ...”
The letter went straight in the trash as soon as she walked through the front door. There was nothing to be gained from reading beyond the rejection. She knew not to take it personally, but sometimes it was hard not to. It always felt like they were rejecting her, rather than rejecting a few songs that might one day make them money.
Failure, the Whispering Cynic said.
She glanced at the rest of her unopened mail. One was a phone bill, one was an item of junk mail with a personalized greeting, and one had a UK air mail stamp. She tossed them all on the table, and then dropped the box of flyers on top. She didn’t want to know how much poorer this month’s phone bill would leave her, and she wasn’t interested in whatever the direct marketing was selling.
She definitely did not want to read the one from the UK, either. Not right now, in her precarious emotional state. She knew now to avoid Karli’s letters when she was at one of her low points. She hated to admit it, but she was becoming resentful of her best friend’s endless good fortune. It wasn’t that Karli didn’t deserve her success – it was that Fawn deserved it more. She was the one with the real talent, the better singer and dancer who wrote her own songs and had taught herself to play several instruments. Singing for Karli was only ever a bit of fun, something she enjoyed but never really took that seriously, but for Fawn, it was her whole life. She worked every single day trying to make something happen, neglecting friends and relationships and foregoing a social life and vacations and everything else that normal people enjoyed, but none of that seemed to matter. Style trumped substance, and Karli always got what she wanted – good genes, a comfortable upbringing, a supportive family, and now a deal with a major label.
She thought about finding something to eat, until she thought about having to squeeze into that skimpy Madonna outfit later tonight, and her hunger disappeared.
She opened the box of flyers. There were hundreds of them. Now she had to figure out when she was going to distribute them all. Time was an ever-shrinking commodity ever since she agreed to do the Cher shows, in addition to her regular Madonna gigs. Julian had asked her again if she wanted to do them and, in a moment of weakness and with several large bills looming, she relented. This gave her even less time to work on her own music. Shows at the Holloway to showcase her original material were limited to one a week, at the most.
She stood where she was for a few minutes, in the kitchen, looking at the flyers. She knew she should start getting ready soon, but she couldn’t will herself to move.
What was the point of all this? It was a question she now asked herself daily. How much longer could she keep this up? The prospect of “making it” had kept her going for so long, but a breaking point was looming. Maybe it was time to face reality and think about doing something else with her life. If she didn’t do it now, how long would she wait? Would she still be putting up flyers and mailing demos when she was thirty? Did she want to be that sad fifty-year-old, still singing in clubs to nine people and pining for her big break? Would she still be pulling on the Cher wig when she was Cher’s actual age?
Maybe she stuck with it because she knew she couldn’t do anything else. Performing was the only thing she had ever been good at. If anyone ever wanted to mess up a kid’s life, you only had to smother them with praise for doing something that they loved, and it will soon become the only thing they ever want to do, regardless of whether or not it was a viable career choice. They grow up to become dysfunctional, stunted adults who spend their whole lives chasing external validation, like junkies chasing that first heroin high.
She could consider another career, maybe enroll in college or take night classes, and hopefully earn her degree before she turned thirty, at which point she’d be starting out in the workforce almost ten years later than her peers. She would work in a job that she didn’t really care for and would only ever be average at, with the sense of regret piling up over the years for abandoning the one thing she loved to do more than anything. That path seemed even more depressing than the one she was currently on. She had invested her whole life in this. It was all or nothing.
Perhaps she kept going because she knew the moment she quit, or even just eased her foot off the gas a little, someone else would get the big break that should have been hers.
Maybe she would be better off getting away from LA and moving to another city. Somewhere like Portland or Montreal. A change of scenery could be just what she needed. Or maybe she would continue to fail there, only on a smaller scale.
She kicked off her shoes and hit play on her answering machine. A painful blister had opened up on her left heel. She went searching for a band-aid, although she had a feeling she had run out.
Playing a show tonight was the last thing she felt like doing. Another gig was booked for Halcyon at nine, but she was seriously contemplating blowing it off. In all her years of doing this, she had never bailed on a show. She got up there and did her thing without fail, even powering through when she was sick. Her reliability was a source of pride, but the longer she did this the harder it was to stay motivated, and the harder it was to put on that costume, walk onto that stage and go through the motions, pretending that she was having a good time. The workload meant she lived in a constant state of exhaustion, and she picked up every cold going around; a consequence of living off nine hundred calories per day.
The first message on her machine played. It was from Jesse. He had called at 10:38 that morning, possibly hungover, or more likely still drunk from the night before. The tape captured about six minutes of grunting and mumbling, firstly about how he still hadn’t completely forgiven her for throwing out all his stuff, before he became more conciliatory and suggested they give the relationship another shot once the tour was over. This had been going on for weeks now, where he would leave semi-coherent messages at all hours of the day and night. She got the impression that the reality of playing in Warpistol, and life as a rock star in general, had not quite lived up to his expectations.
The next call played. “Hello darling, it’s your mother,” the message began, in that breezy, slightly superior tone she seemed to have developed ever since she started spending half her year in Bali with her husband. She imagined it was the result of speaking like this to the poorer locals for so long, and it had now become an unshakable affectation. “Sorry I missed you. I’m sure you’re in the middle of something dreadfully important with your little singing thing, but if you could find a moment in your busy schedule–”
Fawn hit the skip button. She had enough internal voices speaking down to her and telling her she was wasting her life. She didn’t need an external voice doing the same.
The message after that was from her landlord, promising to do something about the colony rats that had taken up residence in her walls within the next few days, which meant it would probably get done sometime around Christmas.
The final message played: “Hi Fawn, this is Roderick Knight from Knight Vision. I took a listen to your demo. I think there’s some promising stuff on there. If you want to come in for a chat, call my office anytime to set up a meeting.”
She froze. It took a moment for the words to sink in, like they were spoken in code and she had to decipher their true meaning.
The brief hint of elation was short-lived. It was snuffed out by the Whispering Cynic. Her inner nemesis pointed out that she had no way of knowing if that was the real Roderick Knight. In fact, it probably wasn’t him. It had to be someone playing a prank. In her line of work, getting one’s hopes up was never a good idea.
But then she thought about it some more. She’d encountered plenty of jerks over the years, but she didn’t know anyone who would do anything quite so cruel. Or perhaps they would – she wouldn’t put it past Jesse, especially considering his recent behavior. Except she hadn’t told anyone about sending her demo to Roderick Knight. Only Julian knew that she had spoken to him, and he didn’t seem capable of mimicking the voice of a Californian guy almost half his age.
She rewound the message and listened again. It could be him. It sounded a lot like him. Or she thought it sounded like him; the music was loud when they met at Velveteen last week, and she didn’t have a crystal-clear recollection of how he spoke. But still, she was ninety-five percent certain it was him. She played it one more time.
This all sounds too good to be true, the Whispering Cynic reminded her. You’re probably only hearing what you want to hear.
But this time, all doubts were erased. This was Roderick Knight. The real Roderick Knight had called her. He had listened to her demo, he liked it, and he wanted to meet with her.
The Whispering Cynic had nothing more to say.
In that moment, every doubt and insecurity she’d ever harbored vanished like a mirage. She forgot that she had ever questioned what she was doing. Of course everything was going to work out in the end. It was predestined. Like anyone else who had ever achieved anything worthwhile, she needed to suffer through a turbulent period to build resilience and earn her stripes. Before long, this part of her life would be a distant memory.
There was an extra spring in her step as she got ready for her performance at Halcyon later that night. She was determined to make it one of her best. It might even be her last.
 
 
 
Chapter 15
 

Fawn crawled out of bed at 5:30 a.m. when it became apparent she wasn’t going to get any more sleep, thanks to the myriad thoughts swirling inside her head. She had managed a small amount of fitful slumber throughout the night; at least four hours, but no more than five. It wasn’t ideal preparation for her meeting with Roderick Knight later that day, but it would be enough for her to function like a normal human being. She was riding this endless wave of energy that should see her through the day and stop her from yawning too much during the meeting.
She used the extra hours to revise her pitch and rehearse what she was going to say. She downed three strong cups of sugar-laden instant coffee, and she changed her outfit several times. The nerves were there, but they were good nerves, like the nerves she got in the hours leading up to a big show. She wasn’t overwhelmed. In her mind, the outcome was a foregone conclusion. It had already happened. She could do this. She knew exactly how the next few hours would play out. Roderick would recognize her dedication, her songwriting brilliance, and her peerless abilities as a performer, and he would place her on a fast-track to stardom. He would disentangle her from her Silver Star contract and negotiate a new deal with a major.
This was it. Her big break had arrived. The past twenty-four years had been a dress rehearsal for today.
She was feeling good about everything. The weather was great, with clear blue skies and a forecast high of seventy-eight. She hadn’t suffered any overnight acne breakouts, which always seemed to happen at the worst possible time. When she stepped on the bathroom scales, she saw that she was down to 116. It was the lowest she had been in months.
The last thing she did before she left the apartment was take a look over the list she had drawn up several months ago. She had taped it to her front door so she would be forced to look at it every day. Number one on the list was to find new management. By day’s end, that task would be crossed off. Numbers two and three – find a new label and record an album – would fall into place shortly thereafter.
Riding the bus later that morning, it occurred to her just how much of her life she had thrown away waiting for something to happen. That was time she would never get back. Three years down the drain, hoping Julian might finally deliver on promises that, for all she knew, he had no intention of keeping. She tried to focus on the positive aspects of her time at Silver Star Records and Ze-Rocks: it had given her the chance to hone her talent by accumulating hours of on-stage experience, and she had used the last few years to develop her sound and her songwriting craft. But it also highlighted her biggest flaw – she was too trusting. Way too much of a pushover, and too afraid to assert herself. She found it difficult to say no or speak up when she needed to. She could be as mad as she liked with Julian, but deep down she knew that she only had herself to blame. Her own diffidence and lack of action had sabotaged her career more than any apathetic manager ever could.
At least she had woken up to the fact while there was still time to do something about it. If nothing else, these past few years had given her a harder shell and a greater resolve. She now knew what it took to succeed. She would become more ruthless and stop taking no for an answer. Stop relying on other people to do things for her. From now on, it would be up to her to make things happen. She couldn’t rely on anyone else, and she couldn’t afford to waste any more time.
She stepped off the bus and looked over the hand-drawn map she had sketched on the back of one of her flyers with directions to Roderick’s office. She walked up to the next corner, until she realized she was heading the wrong way. She turned and went back the way she came, crossed the road, then walked another two blocks. The offices of Knight Vision were up ahead. It was a shiny building on the corner of San Vicente Boulevard that appeared to be made entirely of mirrored glass.
She poised herself and fixed her hair, checking her appearance in the reflection of a car window. She looked at her watch. She was four minutes early. Her timing was perfect; arriving too early could sometimes be as bad as arriving late.
This was it. She took a breath. It was time for her life to change.
And then she had a gun in her face.
“Do exactly as I tell you,” the gunman said. He spoke low enough so only she could hear. The overcoat he wore was far too heavy for springtime in LA. His face was mostly hidden behind a pair of aviator shades and the brim of a tattered Raiders cap. “The next sound you make could be your last.”
Her body seized up. Her attempts at speaking were stillborn, the words sticking to the inside of her throat. She wanted to tell him that she had very little cash on her, and that he could take whatever she had. But nothing came. This was surreal, dreamlike, as if watching it all happen to someone else. This was Brentwood in broad daylight, not some South Central back alley at two a.m. There were people around, although no one appeared to have noticed yet.
“I ... I ...” was all she could squeak out.
The man moved in closer. He towered over her. He pushed her back with his free hand against her shoulder. She went along with it, complying because she didn’t know what else to do.
A twinge of dread precipitated as she realized she was being led toward a van parked directly behind her.
“Get in,” he said, gesturing to the open door.
She did nothing. This was an unthinkable request. What she assumed was a routine mugging was turning into a possible abduction attempt. Climbing into the back of that van could be the biggest mistake of her life.
“Please ...”
“Get in the van!” His words came with force, if not volume.
“You ... you don’t understand ...”
Some of those nearby had started to take notice, although their looks were more of curiosity than concern. No one appeared ready to intervene just yet.
The rest played out in seconds. She ended up inside the van without really knowing how. It could have been a conscious decision to comply with the gunman’s demands, or she may have been put in there by force. Possibly a combination of the two.
There was darkness when the door was slammed shut. The interior reeked of dog hair. The engine revved and the van took off.
Beyond the overwhelming terror and panic, all Fawn could think about was that of all the possible days for this to have happened, why did it have to be today.
 
 
Julian slid the photograph across his desk.
“Her name is Fawn de Jager. I asked her to be here today, but she doesn’t want to meet with you. She’s determined to make this staged kidnapping appear as realistic as possible, and she feels the best way to do that is to not know your identity. She doesn’t want to know who you are or when this is going to happen. That way, it will elicit a more genuine reaction. Now, be aware that when I say she is committed to this, she is fully committed. She will scream if you don’t gag her. She will claw your eyes out if you give her the chance. She will jump out and run away if you don’t lock the door. You can’t just turn up and expect her to do what you tell her to like this is some kind of role play. She will behave exactly as a real kidnap victim would under the same circumstances. That’s why you need to be equally committed. You think you’re up to the task?”
Steven glanced at the headshot. “Most of them put up some sort of fight anyway,” he said. “It’s a natural reflex. But she doesn’t look like nothin’ we can’t handle.”
He passed the photograph to Rahul, sitting in the chair beside him.
“I’m thinking this Friday, if you can schedule it for then,” Julian said. “I hope that’s enough notice.”
“We should be able to fit it in,” Steven said. He was doing his best to ignore the peculiar onion smell in the office.
“It needs to be in public. Somewhere that other people are going to notice. There should be at least a few witnesses.” Julian scribbled something on a notepad that the other two couldn’t see. “Once you have her, take her to a secure location where no one’s going to stumble across you. A motel, somewhere like that. I’ll leave it up to you to hash out the finer details. All expenses will be covered, of course.”
Steven nodded along. “And then what?”
“That’s it. That’s all you need to do.”
“You don’t want us to do anything once we get her to the motel?”
“No, you can just leave her there. She’ll hide out for a couple of days, and then she can go. I’ll have someone collect her.”
There was a lull in the conversation. Julian noticed the quizzical looks on his visitors’ faces, like he’d been speaking in a foreign language.
“Is any of that going to be a problem?” he said.
“It won’t be a problem,” Steven said. “I just wanna make sure we’re all on the same page here so there’s no confusion. You want us to grab the girl off the street, drive her to a motel, and leave her there. That’s it – nothing more?”
“In a nutshell. Why, is that an unusual request?”
“Well ... it’s unusual in that there’s nothing really unusual about it. Most jobs we do, when a fella and his girlfriend want us to do a kidnapping, there’s often a lot more to it.”
“The simulated kidnapping is usually the beginning of most experiences, not the end,” Rahul added.
“Oh no, Fawn’s not my girlfriend,” Julian said. “I didn’t mean to give you that impression. She’s a performer signed to my label.”
Steven glanced at Rahul, then looked back to Julian. “Maybe we should start over. You and this Fawn chick, who’s a singer on your label and not your girlfriend – you want us to do the kidnapping, but only the kidnapping part? We don’t have to do anything after that. Have I got that right so far?”
Julian waited a few seconds before responding.
“Before we go any further – everything we talk about here is confidential, right?” He spoke in hushed tones, even though it was just the three of them in the office.
“One hundred percent confidential,” Steven said. “Discretion and mutual trust are the bedrocks of our business. Anything we discuss will be kept in absolute confidence.”
Julian nodded without speaking for a moment, until he decided he was satisfied with this response. “This is all for publicity,” he said.
“Publicity?”
“We’re about to launch Fawn’s career. I don’t know how familiar you are with the business, but the costs involved are astronomical. Especially for a smaller label like ours, and one that doesn’t have the backing of a major. I’m not just taking about obvious things, like studio time and video shoots. That all costs money, but promo is the biggest expense by a bloody mile. We don’t have a huge budget, which means we’re sometimes forced to get creative and think outside the box. So instead of spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on TV spots and magazine ads and slipping cash-stuffed envelopes into the greasy palms of radio programmers, we spend a tiny fraction of that to stage a sneaky little street-snatching. Fawn’s face ends up plastered all over the news, and we end up with acres of free publicity.”
“You think that’ll work?” Steven said.
“Remember that girl who escaped from that nutter’s basement after she was held captive for two years? As soon as she gets out and the world finds out about it, she was everywhere. She’s on magazine covers. She’s doing Donahue and Oprah. She’s got a book deal. There’s a movie being made about her. Money can’t buy that kind of publicity. And I’m not being unkind or nothin’, but the bird wasn’t much to look at, was she? Now if we could achieve one-tenth of that for Fawn, we’d be set. She’d become a household name overnight. Not only that, it’s organic fame. It’s ... what’s the word I’m looking for? It’s subliminal. When you watch an ad, you know you’re being sold a product, but if you’re exposed to the product through other mediums it seeps into your subconscious. It’s much more effective.”
Steven considered this for a moment. “That’s actually kinda brilliant.”
Julian shrugged and affected an air of false modesty. “It’s what I do.”
“I mean, it’s nothing like our usual jobs, but that’s okay. There’s no such a thing as a typical simulated kidnapping experience. With most jobs, we work around our client to meet their needs.”
“So what are some of the things you get asked to do?” Julian said. “If you’re allowed to talk about that, of course.”
“I guess you could say Supreme Seizures caters to niche kinks,” Steven said. “It’s a narrow demographic, but the demand is there. There’s a small percentage of people who fantasize about being kidnapped. You’d be surprised who. Usually, it’s someone with a lot of power: politicians, lawyers, movie producers, CEOs. You know the type.”
Julian’s eyebrows lifted. “Bet you’ve got some tales to tell, eh?”
Steven acknowledged this with a knowing grin. “I can’t say I understand the psychology behind it, but for some people it’s a major turn-on to be in a position where they’re completely helpless.”
“Sometimes we film it for them,” Rahul said. “That costs extra, though.”
“People film their own kidnappings?” Julian said.
“And the rest, if that’s what they’re into,” Steven said. “I suppose if they’re paying all that money, they’d wanna take home a souvenir.”
“And then what do they do with the tapes?”
“Dunno. We don’t ask. Maybe they show their friends. Maybe they watch them by themselves whenever they wanna, you know, relive the whole experience. The people we deal with – they’re not what you’d call traditional or conservative with their private lives.”
“I would have thought there’d be a risk of a tape like that falling into the wrong hands.” As he said this, Julian reached across to the pedestal fan next to the desk and switched it to a higher setting.
“Sure, there’s always that risk,” Steven said. “But I assume everyone takes good care of them. They keep them in safes, or somewhere secure. Nobody’s ever gonna misplace a tape like that, are they?”
“Except for Rob Lowe,” Rahul said.
“Okay, so there’s always an exception. Rob Lowe was the one guy who stupidly allowed his private tape to become public. The amount of humiliation he went through means no one else is ever gonna be that careless again.”
Julian sipped some water from a Styrofoam cup. His face had taken on a pinkish hue. The temperature in the room appeared to have increased in the last few minutes.
“Back to my request,” he said, unbuttoning the top button on his shirt. “Do you think you can arrange this?”
“That shouldn’t be–” Steven began.
“Can you give us a moment to talk about it?” Rahul said, speaking over him.
“Of course.” Julian smiled as he pushed his seat out and stood up. “Of course. I’ll give you lads a few minutes.” He squeezed around the desk. 
A tense silence fell over the room as he made his way to the door. Rahul kept looking straight ahead, but he could feel Steven’s glare on him.
The door behind them closed.
“Alright, let’s get one thing straight,” Steven said as soon as they were alone. “We don’t need ‘a moment to talk about it’, because I make the decisions. Or have you forgotten which one of us is in charge here?”
“I’m sorry, Steve,” Rahul said. “I mean, Steven. I know it’s your decision. But don’t you think we should at least discuss this before we agree to it?”
“There’s nothing to discuss. This is a job. It pays money, and we need money. That’s all there is to it.”
“This is a lot different from the jobs we normally do.”
“So? Every job is different. There’s no such thing as one size fits all. That’s why we need to be flexible and cater to each client.”
“But you heard what he said. He wants to present this as a real kidnapping, meaning real police will be involved. You turned down Cheryl Goodwin for exactly that reason.”
Cheryl Goodwin was a potential customer who responded to a Supreme Seizures ad earlier in the year. Her request was for Steven and Rahul to break into her house, ransack the place, and kidnap her while her husband was at work. Her marriage had been going through a difficult patch, and she suspected her husband was having an affair with a work colleague. This was her way of getting him to pay more attention.
Steven declined the job.
“That was different,” he said.
“How was it any different?” Rahul said.
“It was different in several ways, but mostly because we didn’t owe money to a psychotic Japanese mobster at the time, did we?”
“But we’re going to have the police looking for us!” Rahul kept glancing back at the door, as if Julian might burst through at any moment. “If anyone sees us, it will be our faces all over the TV.”
“Then we’ll wear disguises, won’t we? You’re making this harder than it needs to be.”
“I’m only thinking about the worst-case scenario.”
“You know what I think the worst-case scenario is, Rahul? A Yakuza-affiliated businessman slicing us up with a samurai sword and turning us into chow mein. That’s a lot more serious than having your face appear on America’s Most Wanted.”
Steven had spent the past week renting as many Yakuza-themed videos as he could – Ridley Scott’s Black Rain, Sydney Pollock’s The Yakuza, and a dozen others he mostly fast-forwarded through when he saw that he needed to read the bottom of the screen to follow the plot. His intention was to gain a greater understanding of this mysterious organization of the Far East, but after seeing the viciousness and nihilism depicted in these films, it only added to his despair.
“Chow mein is Chinese,” Rahul said.
“What?”
“Tony Okura is Japanese. He’s more likely to turn us into sashimi.”
“Whatever he might be, we can’t afford to be selective with our work right now, can we?” Steven shifted his weight around, trying to find a more comfortable sitting position. The pain in his back had worsened over the past few days, and these cheap Walmart chairs weren’t doing much to help. “One way or another, we have to come up with twenty-five grand in the next two weeks. So if you have a better idea, I’d love to hear it.”
He dug a white pill bottle from his pocket and popped three painkillers in his mouth.
“I’m just worried, that’s all,” Rahul said. “It could be dangerous.”
“It won’t be dangerous,” Steven said. “It’ll be a piece of cake. The girl looks like she weighs a hundred pounds. All we have to do is grab her off the street, get her in the van and get out of there. It’ll take twenty seconds. As soon as we do that, the hard part is over. We take her to the motel, and we collect our money. If anyone tries to intervene, we can tell them ... I don’t know, we’ll tell them we’re filming a low-budget guerrilla-style movie or something.”
“What if they ask where the cameras are?”
“Jesus Rahul, I came up with that idea two seconds before I said it. I haven’t figured out every last detail. My point is, what can they do? Even if the cops show up, we explain what’s happening and we get a warning, and maybe a fine for creating a public nuisance, which we make this manager guy pay. But if we do it right, it brings us another step closer to getting the money we need.”
Rahul went to respond, but he had no more counterarguments. Steven put the pill bottle back in his pocket, and he fished a crumpled cigarette packet from his other pocket. He lit up a Marlboro to signal the end of the discussion.
No words were exchanged for the next few minutes. 
Rahul’s eyes moved around the room as they waited for Julian to return. There were a dozen or so framed photographs in his line of sight, all showing Julian shaking hands with what he assumed were prominent people from the music industry. He didn’t recognize any of them; they could have been funeral directors for all he knew. The likely purpose of these photos was to impress whoever was sitting where he and Steven were now.
“You think this guy’s related to the famous Rockefellers?” he said.
“Yeah, Rahul.” Steven tapped his ash into the Styrofoam cup Julian drank from minutes earlier. “He’s a guy from a family of billionaires, and he rents an office above a drycleaners.”
He took another drag, and he tossed two more pills in his mouth. These were different pills from the ones he took a few minutes earlier.
Seventeen minutes passed before Julian finally reappeared. The mystery of his prolonged absence was explained by his glazed eyes and his suspiciously elevated mood.
“So, Mr. Sanders and Mr. Srivas,” he said, settling back into his seat. “Now that you’ve had a moment to–”
Julian stopped mid-sentence. His face morphed into a wide grin.
“You know what I just realized? Your last name is Sanders.”
Steven hid his irritation, even though he knew what was coming. “Yes, my last name is Sanders,” he said.
“So you’re Steven Sanders? Steve Sanders. Like the guy from that Beverly Hills show–”
“Right, except it’s Steven, not Steve, and I’ve heard all the jokes so don’t bother. Now, we’re not here to discuss bad TV shows, are we? We’re here to talk business, and what you’re asking us to do goes beyond what we usually offer. You wanna stage this as a real kidnapping, which means we’re putting ourselves at greater risk. So we can accommodate your request, however the fee will have to reflect that.”
Julian sniffed as his smile widened. “I’m sure we can come to some arrangement, Steven Sanders.”
 
 
 
Chapter 16
 

Fawn tugged at the door handle for what must have been the hundredth time in the past hour and a half. There was no logic to what she was doing, but she hoped maybe this time it would be different, like if she squeezed the right way or pushed upward and outward at the same time it would open for her. Locks on older vehicles like these weren’t always secure. Some could be opened with just a flat-head screwdriver.
Nothing worked. There was no way out. Even if she did manage to prize the door open, they were moving at what felt like fifty miles per hour. Fear and dread were parasites living inside her, growing in size with every failed escape attempt.
The terror consuming her was matched only by the fury and self-loathing for ending up in this situation. She couldn’t believe how she had just allowed it to happen. The man in the overcoat may have been armed, but she didn’t have to make it so easy for him. She could have screamed or tried to run – anything to draw attention to herself rather than passively accepting her fate. As risky as that may have been, he was much more likely to harm her now that they were no longer in public.
She could feel the van decelerate. It rounded a corner and drove at low speed for about a minute. It passed over two speed bumps before it eventually came to a stop.
Fawn’s heart pressed against the back of her throat.
A window into the front slid open. She saw the lower half of the face belonging to the man who had forced her into the van.
“Alright. So we’re at the motel. We’re parked out the front of room twenty-three. No one’s around, so I’m gonna open the door. What I want you to do is hop out and walk toward the room without stopping. Don’t look around, don’t say nothin’, and don’t let anyone see you.”
The way in which he spoke chilled her, but not because he sounded threatening. It was the opposite – he was calm, almost conversational, like he was giving her directions to the airport.
She knew this was not the first time he had done this.
The side door opened, and she stepped out. The blazing sunlight blinded her. All she could make out was the open door of the motel room, fifteen feet in front of her. These were unfamiliar surroundings. She didn’t know where she was, only that they were a long way from LA.
She took a quick look around, her eyes darting from side to side, noting the placement of her captors. There were two of them; the one that had opened the door of the van, and another just ahead. Neither one paid close attention to her. She could make a run for it now. This could be her final chance to escape.
But she couldn’t take that crucial first step. She didn’t know where she was, and she didn’t know what these two would do if they caught her. So she did exactly as she was told, and the dumbest thing under the circumstances. She walked straight into the motel room without stopping. Again, she made it easy for them.
Coward, the Whispering Cynic said.
The sound of the door closing and the lock clicking sent a shiver up her spine.
She was now alone in the room with the two men. There was the big one with the shaved head, the one who had confronted her on the street and forced her into the van. The overcoat was gone, as was the Raiders hat and aviators. His face was now clearly identifiable. With him was the driver – a younger, smaller foreign guy. Indian or Pakistani, or perhaps South American or Middle Eastern.
For a moment, the three looked at each other without speaking.
“I don’t know about you, but I’d say that was a resounding success,” the larger guy said.
His comment and general demeanor only added to Fawn’s sense of confusion. He was speaking like this was all one big joke, which disturbed her even more.
“Please ... I don’t know what you want with me, but if you let me go I promise I won’t tell anyone about this.” Her voice wavered, like she was on the brink of crumbling.
The big guy smiled. He looked to his partner, who appeared less amused.
“Sweetheart, there’s no one here but us,” he said. “You can drop the act.”
“I just ... I just ...” Fawn’s lip trembled. Getting her words out became a greater challenge. “I don’t know who you are ... I don’t know anything about you ... you haven’t done anything yet ... if you let me go, we can forget this ever happened.”
The man’s smile widened, revealing a gold incisor. “We’re impressed by your commitment. Really. You almost had me fooled. But there’s no need to keep going. The point has been made.”
She could feel the sobs coming. She did everything she could to hold them off, but this only made it worse. Why didn’t she run? Twice she had the chance, and twice she complied without resistance. Courage was not something that came naturally to her.
Tears spilled down her cheeks. The two men stood in awkward silence.
“What if she’s not acting?” the younger guy said.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Rahul. Of course she’s acting.” He looked to Fawn. “Tell him.”
“What?” Fawn said, in between sniffs.
“Everything that happened today. You knew about it in advance. Didn’t you?”
Nothing that Fawn heard made sense.
“You knew this was gonna happen, right?” he said. “This was all your idea. So you knew we were gonna grab you off the street at some point.”
She made an attempt at responding. This whole situation was so absurd that speech became impossible.
“You knew this was gonna happen.” The question was rephrased as a statement, as if this would produce the desired response.
“Don’t tell me we’ve taken the wrong person again,” his partner said.
“Rahul, keep your mouth shut! We haven’t grabbed the wrong person. You’re Fawn, aren’t you?”
She didn’t know whether confirming her identity was the right thing to do. She found herself giving a small nod.
“Right. You’re Fawn de Jager.”
“Please, just let me go ...”
“That’s your name though, isn’t it? It’s Fawn de Jager.”
“Yes,” Fawn managed to say.
“And your manager is ...” He looked to his sidekick. “Jesus, what was that guy’s name again?”
“It was, um, Julian something,” the smaller guy said.
“Julian T. Rockefeller,” Fawn said.
“Oh, thank god for that.” The relief was audible in the big guy’s voice. He let out a nervous chuckle. “You had me going there for a second! So you did agree to be a part of this, right?”
“A part of what?”
“This whole kidnapping deal.”
“How ... why would I do that?”
“It was for, I don’t know, free publicity. Wasn’t it something like that? It was supposed to help make you a famous singer.”
Fawn looked aghast. “That’s the dumbest idea I’ve ever heard!”
“Hey, it wasn’t our idea, was it? We’re only doing what your manager paid us to do.”
The three fell into another tense silence. The big guy stood with his hands on his hips, shaking his head.
“Right, I’m gonna ask you one more time,” he said. “I know your manager said you would act like a proper kidnapping victim throughout the whole thing, and if that’s what this is, if this is all part of some extreme method acting exercise, you need to stop right now and break character, or whatever it is you’re doing. I want you to tell us the truth. Were you or were you not aware that any of this was gonna happen today?”
Fawn sniffed and shook her head. “I didn’t know anything. Please, don’t hurt me.”
“But if she did know about it and she’s still acting, she wouldn’t tell us,” the younger guy said. “It’s like one of those riddles: you have two men standing in front of a door, one who always lies, and the other that always tells the truth–”
“Oh, for chrissakes woman, we’re not gonna hurt you! Here, look.” The big guy retrieved the gun from his back pocket. Fawn flinched as soon as it appeared. “This is fake. Everything about this is fake. We are not criminals. I run a legitimate business.”
He tossed the gun to Fawn, and she caught it.
“You used a gun?” the younger guy said.
“Calm down, Rahul. It’s not a real one.”
“Anyone who saw it would have thought it was real.”
“Yeah, that was the whole point, genius. We wanted people to think it was real. And I couldn’t have tried to pick her up with my bad back, could I?”
Fawn studied the gun in her hands. Up close, she could see how fake it was. It was a plastic toy with a bit of black paint added. It weighed about as much as a VCR remote.
“You want more proof?” The big guy took out his wallet. “Take a look at what your manager gave us.”
He held a check out in front of her. It was for twenty-five hundred dollars, made out to Supreme Seizures. Julian’s signature was scribbled across the bottom.
These men were telling the truth. Julian had paid to have her kidnapped.
Strangely, the first thought to enter her mind was that they should have insisted on cash rather than a check.
The room was still, until the big guy made a sudden move for the door. “Wait here,” he said to his partner. “I’m gonna get to the bottom of this.”
 
 
“I know you’re upset Steve, but hear me out.”
“You told us she was in on it! You promised us! We stuck our necks out for you, and now we find out you lied to us!”
A family of hayseeds in a dirty gray station wagon pulled into the motel complex. Further along, a couple of kids risked conjunctivitis as they splashed around in the communal swimming pool. Steven turned away, suddenly wary of being seen in public.
He was in one of the two phone booths out by the main entrance of the Red Rambler Motor Inn. Following this latest development, he decided that calling Julian from a public phone was preferable to using the one in the room, given that he wanted to avoid leaving a record of any further communication between them. Both booths were missing their doors, which meant they didn’t afford him as much privacy as he would have liked.
It was early evening in Bakersfield, population 200,000, one hundred and ten miles from Los Angeles. A giant billboard on the other side of the road informed passing motorists that “Jesus Is Always Watching”. A creative vandal had painted red laser beams shooting out of Jesus’s eyes.
“You assured us she was a willing participant in all this.” Steven lowered his voice, if not his intensity. “I’m a kidnapper now. A real one. A criminal! I have taken someone against their will. Do you have any idea what would have happened if the cops had pulled us over? I’d be calling you right now from a prison cell.”
“Alright, calm down,” Julian said. “Let’s not get carried away here.”
“I’m not getting carried away. I could be looking at twenty years for this!”
“Would you take it easy, Steve? Nothing happened. No one got hurt, and no one’s going to prison. You did great. From what you told me, at least the parts that weren’t screamed at me, it sounds like it all went off without a hitch.”
“Aside from the fact that she had no idea any of this was about to happen, yeah, it went swell. Why couldn’t you have asked her beforehand?”
“Because I knew she’d say no,” Julian said, as if this was the most obvious thing in the world. “That’s why I didn’t ask her.”
A splash and a high-pitched squeal came from the pool area. A woman in her early twenties with a cigarette dangling from her lips emerged from one of the rooms to holler at the misbehaving boys. Steven couldn’t figure out her relationship to the children – either older sister or white-trash mother. Both seemed plausible.
He pressed a finger against his ear to block out the noise.
“This is not the way to do things,” he said. “I should call the whole thing off.”
“Now, you and I both know you’re not going to do that,” Julian said with a small hiss of a laugh.
“And what makes you so certain that I won’t?”
“Because you’ve only received half your fee, that’s why. Our agreement was for half upfront, half upon completion. You pull out now, you don’t get the rest. And you need that money, don’t you Steve?”
Steven could feel his blood pressure rising by the second. There was a growing urge to slam the phone down, but he resisted. “My name is Steven,” he said.
“Well here’s the thing, Steven,” Julian said, adding extra emphasis to the second syllable. “I don’t know what kind of mischief you and your little brown buddy have got yourself caught up in, but I’ve been in the game long enough to know desperation when I see it. It was obvious from the minute the two of you walked through my door that you’ve got yourself into some sort of financial pickle. Am I right?”
There was no response. Just the sound of Steven’s breathing, steadily intensifying.
“Anyway, it’s already been reported to the police, so it’s too late to back out,” Julian continued. “You let her go, the cops will pick her up, they’ll ask her what happened and if she can identify the men who took her. As far as anyone can prove, I had nothing to do with it. You see what I’m getting at?”
“And I’ll let the cops in on our meeting. How about that? Remember, everything I do is legal. Arranging to have someone grabbed off the street without telling them is not.”
“Your word against mine, innit? And don’t expect that waiver to be your get out of jail free card, either. Those signatures could’ve been forged by anyone. In fact, I’m pretty sure Fawn’s was.”
Steven’s grip on the receiver tightened. He wanted nothing more than to reach down the phone line and throttle Julian with his bare hands. “This is no way to conduct business,” he said through gritted teeth.
“Welcome to Hollywood, Stevie. This is exactly how we conduct business.”
A throaty chuckle followed. Steven lifted his arm, ready to smash the phone down. He only stopped when he realized that would give Julian the last word.
“Don’t think you’re getting away with this,” he said.
“Hey, I understand you’re worked up, and I don’t blame you. But I need you to keep it together and follow through with the plan. The hard part is over. The rest will be a breeze, I promise. Just wait it out and let me take care of it.”
“Right. Because you’ve done such a terrific job so far.”
“Listen to me. Do as I say, don’t do anything stupid, and you’ll get your money. I might even throw in a little bonus to make up for all the bother I’ve caused. Call it a peace offering. Now, Fawn’s probably a little stressed out, so I want you to keep an eye on her over the next two or three days to make sure she doesn’t do anything to jeopardize the whole thing. Don’t let her leave the motel. Remember, she can’t be seen in public.”
“We are not real kidnappers, Julian! How many times do I have to tell you that? I’m not holding anyone against their will. If the girl wants to leave, she can leave! I’m not gonna stand in her way.”
“Okay, so don’t use force. At least, not at first. Let me talk to her and smooth things over. But I’m going to need you to monitor her and make sure she stays in that room, otherwise everything that’s happened today has been for naught. Do you think you can do that for me? Just another couple of days. I’ll cover all your expenses, as agreed.”
Steven closed his eyes. He glimpsed brief visions, a rush of violent fantasies, all directed at Julian T. Rockefeller. The stress had caused his bad back to flare up. His entire body was a clenched fist.
He exhaled slowly as he opened his eyes. “You’ve got a lot of nerve asking me for a favor,” he said. “You really expect me to do all that for you?”
“I do expect that,” Julian said. “And you know why? It’s because, right now, you don’t have a choice.”
 
 
 
Chapter 17
 

Fawn’s heartrate had almost returned to normal, but the trembling remained. The aftershocks of her abduction ordeal resonated like a struck bell. She stared at a patch of worn carpet in front of her as she sat on the edge of the bed, focusing on her breathing and trying to relax her body.
It was now 4:48 p.m. Her scheduled appointment with Roderick Knight had been and gone. As far as he knew, she had flaked on the meeting. That may have been her one chance to do something big. Perhaps it was her final chance. Now, it was lost forever.
The other guy was in there with her, acting as guard. He was the getaway driver, the younger and smaller of her two kidnappers. He hadn’t uttered a word since the big guy left. She had heard his partner refer to him as Rahul, but that may have been a pseudonym.
He sat in a chair in the corner of the room. Just before the big guy left, the one she thought was called Steven, she heard him say, “Make sure she doesn’t leave.” It was whispered, but Fawn still heard it.
Her eyes drifted toward the door, less than fifteen feet away. She could wait for Rahul to lower his guard and make a run for it. She could get there first, and as long as the door opened and there was nothing obstructing it, she would be free. She knew it was unlocked – she had made sure to watch Steven when he left the room. She could run to the motel reception or bang on one of the other doors and plead for them to call the cops.
But then what would she say: I think I’ve been kidnapped ... but I’m not really sure? She still didn’t know the full truth. She kept going back and forth in her mind, trying to make sense of what had happened to her. Everything pointed to this being the work of Julian – but maybe blaming it on him was part of their twisted game? And what would Roderick Knight make of all this? She wanted to present herself as professional and reliable. The last thing she wanted was for him to find out she was involved in one of Julian’s idiotic pranks, even if it was against her will.
The more she thought about it, the more she realized these two were likely telling the truth. This sounded like the kind of ridiculous scheme only Julian could dream up. He had regaled her over the years with stories of all the wacky stunts he had pulled in the name of free press, such as the “Free John Hinkley” benefit album released by Atonal Records in 1982, and the staged on-air fight between members of W.A.S.P. that resulted in a permanent ban from the BBC, so it wasn’t as if this was out of character. She just never thought he would do something like that to her. At least, not without telling her beforehand.
There was a ceramic vase over by the window holding some sad-looking plastic flowers. Maybe she should grab that, throw it at Rahul, then run away and call the cops. If these guys kidnapped people for a living like they claimed, they probably deserved to be arrested. Julian definitely deserved to be arrested.
“Pure N Simple!”
Her minder was now looking at her with a huge open-mouthed grin.
“I’m sorry?” She wondered if she had heard correctly, or if her recent trauma had somehow induced an aural hallucination.
“You were in Pure N Simple!” Rahul said.
“I ... I was?” Fawn said. It was all she could think to say, and about the last thing she would have expected him to come out with.
“That’s where I knew you from! Oh boy, it was driving me crazy. I knew your name sounded familiar, but I couldn’t think why!”
“You’ve heard of Pure N Simple?”
“Heard of them? They were huge in India. Huge.”
“Are you ... do you mean ... you’re not doing a joke about this?” Her surprise was so immense that the rules of basic grammar eluded her.
“I’m serious! I went to a Christian school, and so we were made to listen to your music and watch your videos all the time. The teachers would play them in class. They probably still do. You were one of the few American acts we were allowed to see.”
“So Indians ... I mean, people from India ... they know about Pure N Simple?”
“Of course! You would have sold hundreds of thousands of records over there! At least that many. Maybe even millions.”
Just when Fawn thought her day could not get any stranger. This was all news to her, especially considering none of that money had ever found its way into her bank account. She still received the occasional royalty check, each smaller than the one before it. Her most recent one, mailed to her last November, was for $44.
She assumed plenty of others received their cut, though. Perhaps the group’s subcontinental royalties had covered a Holy Brethren minister’s hush-hush out of court settlement, or it paid for their new Jaguar. Maybe they helped pay for stepmother number two’s new face.
“I can’t believe it’s really you,” Rahul said. “This is so bizarre. You look so different now!”
“That’s probably because I was eleven when I was in Pure N Simple, and I’m twenty-four now,” she said.
“Oh, right. I suppose that make sense.”
She knew what he meant – the woman before him with straight yellow hair and blinding white teeth who monitored every calorie that passed her lips looked nothing like the chunky preteen with frizzy brown hair, bad clothes and braces. Just the thought of her younger self was enough to make her shudder. The years of taunts and jibes about her appearance were still fresh in her mind. It wasn’t that she was especially overweight or unattractive; she was like any normal kid, albeit one whose awkward adolescent stage lasted about three times as long as everyone else’s. She was maybe a little bigger than the other girls her age, but not enough to really stand out – unless she was photographed next to Karli Cook, in which case the differences between the two were impossible to overlook.
The door flew open. Fawn jumped in her seat, still nervy from the events of the day. Rahul flinched too. It was Steven, his partner in crime. Or more likely his boss, since there didn’t appear to be equal footing in whatever business relationship these two had. Steven was a clomper, the type with a lot of heft who seemed determined to make as much noise as he could with every movement. He was a big, bald guy in a fake Gucci shirt, wearing chunky rings and a fake gold chain. An angry scowl was painted across his face, although that may have been its permanent setting. She tried to picture how he would look if he was happy but found that she couldn’t.
He looked around the room until his gaze landed on Fawn.
“There’s a coupla phone booths down that way,” he said, jerking his thumb in the direction he had just clomped from. “I think you and your manager need to getcha stories straight.”
 
 
“You know Fawn, this could have all been avoided if you’d just agreed to do Penthouse.”
“Julian, I am this close to calling the cops on you right now,” Fawn said through clenched teeth. The disorientation of the last couple of hours had lifted. A seething anger had taken its place.
“Alright, I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I feel terrible about what happened. That can’t have been a pleasant experience.”
“Of course it wasn’t a pleasant experience, you nimrod! I really thought I was being abducted.”
“That must have been terrifying. I can’t believe I forgot to tell you. My mind’s been all over the place these last few weeks. Between the label’s financial woes and dealing with Warpistol and my divorce and everything else, I’ve been under a huge amount of stress. I honestly thought we’d discussed this.”
“You were divorced over a year ago. You cannot use that as an excuse.”
“You’re right, and I’m sorry.”
“If you’re going to blame it on anything, at least blame it on your drinking.”
“That’s fair enough. I know I need to cut back.”
“And stop agreeing with everything I’m saying! That won’t get you off the hook.”
“Well, what do you want me to say, Fawn?”
“How about explaining why you thought it would be a good idea to have me kidnapped in the first place? That would be a good place to start.”
“Alright, let’s dial the theatrics down a notch. You weren’t really kidnapped, were you? It was all staged.”
“I know that now, Julian. I didn’t know it at the time. It all felt pretty real when I had a strange man pointing a gun at me.”
“Right, right, of course. But it’ll all be worth it in the end, I promise. This is the first step in launching you as a worldwide pop act.”
“Are you out of your mind? How is any of this supposed to help me?”
“I have a plan. Trust me, kid. I have it all figured out.”
“Trust you? You can’t seriously expect me to ever trust you again after what you put me through today.”
“Fawn, listen to me. I know you think this is extreme, and I agree, it is. But I know what I’m doing. This is how things get done in the real world. This is how the sausage gets made. Pop stars and movie stars and rock stars don’t get to where they are by being the most talented and writing the best songs. There are all sorts of evil machinations and dark arts going on behind the scenes. You have to think big and do something spectacular to stand out.”
“You name one famous artist who has broken through after being kidnapped.”
“If it hasn’t happened before, it’s only because no one has ever thought to do it. You’ll be the first. This will put your name on the front page of every newspaper and on every TV network. When it comes to launching an artist, the hardest part is cutting through all the noise and forcing your name into the public’s mind. Once you achieve that, the rest is easy. So when the story breaks, we milk it for a couple of days, and then we can put out one of your songs while it’s still hot. We’ll book you in for some studio time, and you’re there. It really is that simple, I promise.”
Fawn took a breath and held it, waiting for the fury to subside. It was still there when she exhaled.
“Julian, you have come up with some stupendously dumb ideas before,” she said. “But this just might be your magnum opus.”
“Look, I understand you’re skeptical, but every groundbreaking idea sounds mental the first time you hear it. But let me clue you in on a few home truths about the entertainment industry, Fawn. The fact is that any idiot can become a star, and plenty of idiots have done so. If you can hold a tune, strum a few chords and rhyme ‘moon’ with ‘June’, you’re good enough. But there’s a lot more to it than talent and good looks. The odds of anyone making it are a million to one. That’s not hyperbole, by the way. Those are the actual odds – a million to one. There are countless bands and artists playing to fifteen people in manky bars all over the world, and they’re ten times better than anything you’ll ever see on MTV. The thing is, they’re never gonna leave those manky bars, because they don’t know how to distinguish themselves and stand out from the pack. So that’s where I come in. My job is to manipulate the media and get your name out there, which is what I’ve been doing for twenty-plus years. And look, I’m sorry again for the miscommunication. It’s my fault, and I take full responsibility. If you want to call the whole thing off, I completely understand. But before you do, ask yourself how much you really want this. Because if you’re not willing to do something this crazy and far-out to further your career, there are plenty of others who will.”
Fawn closed her eyes and pressed her forehead against the warm glass of the phone booth. This was almost too much. The emotional rollercoaster of the past twenty-four hours made it near-impossible to absorb any of what she was hearing.
“Can you please just explain it to me in simple terms?” she said. “How is having me kidnapped going to help my career in any way?”
“Because, Fawn, it all comes back to the seven magic words that spell out the golden rule of showbusiness. It’s my own personal mantra that I’ve used throughout my career, and it was the first real lesson I learned way back in 1972, when I was a roadie. I was working for this singer with a large teenage fanbase who was touring around the UK. One day, an article is splashed across the front page of one of the local newspapers making all sorts of outrageous accusations about what he got up to backstage; stuff about orgies and drugs and farm animals and devil worshiping, and whatever else they could come up with. It was all bollocks of course, completely made up. So I asked him if he was going to do anything about it – was he going to sue, or at least put out a statement to set the record straight? He just laughed, and he put his hand on my shoulder, and he said those seven magic words: ‘Julian, there’s no such thing as bad publicity’. He was right, too. All publicity is good publicity. All of it. No exceptions.”
Fawn let out a long breath. She didn’t know what to think. She couldn’t tell if Julian had lost his marbles, or if he was some sort of mad genius. Given her current state of mind, she had no way of making an objective judgement.
“I suppose now you’re going to tell me which one of your famous buddies imparted those words of wisdom?” she said.
“Funny you should say that,” Julian said. “It was a fella who did go on to have a hit or two. Maybe you’ve heard of him? His name’s Gary Glitter.”
 
 
 
Chapter 18
 

The door to room twenty-three of the Red Rambler Motor Inn was not locked, but that didn’t make it any less of a prison cell. At that moment, Fawn de Jager was just as imprisoned as Mike Tyson was. These four walls were her custodians. She could sense them shifting closer with every passing minute. The threat of claustrophobia loomed large. She was alone, with nothing to do and no one to keep her company. No one except the Whispering Cynic, that malevolent specter that lived inside her head, watching and judging her every move, rarely giving her a moment’s peace. It had been heckling her nonstop over the past two hours: This is such an irresponsible thing to do. It will never work. How did you get talked into this? Are you really this desperate?
To which she replied: I know. I know. I don’t know. Yes.
She got up out of her seat and paced the room. If she kept moving, maybe she could stop herself from spiraling. The TV went on, and then off, and then on again, then off again.
If she was going to be confined to this small space for the next few days, she may as well make the most of her time here. She pushed the armchair over toward the wall to create enough floor space to do sit-ups. She completed a quick hundred before taking a break, and then moved on to jumping jacks and burpees. Ten minutes later she had exhausted herself, mentally as much as physically.
She couldn’t fight it anymore. She laid down on the bed, buried her face into the pillow, and screamed out all her pent-up frustrations until her throat stung. The enormity of what had happened hit all at once.
She should be home by now, basking in the afterglow of her meeting with Roderick Knight, but that opportunity had been snatched away from her. She had lost what might have been her one big chance to do something meaningful with her career, and second chances were hard to come by in this industry. It was almost as if Julian knew.
There was a phone right next to her. She could call Roderick Knight and explain what had happened. Maybe ask if she could reschedule. Except she couldn’t do that. No one could ever know what had happened today. It was unlikely that he’d accept her story anyway.
She wanted to cry, but she wasn’t about to let herself do that. Crying was a sign of weakness, and weakness was something that Fawn needed to eliminate from her character. She had to pull herself together and become mentally tougher. She could have walked out the door at any time – in fact, there was nothing to stop her from doing just that – but she had elected to stay. It was the right decision to go along with this, however ridiculous it might seem. If she didn’t try, she would never find out.
Karli wouldn’t be sitting around feeling sorry for herself and fretting that she’d made the wrong decision. She would have agreed to do it without a second thought. That was why she and her were in their respective positions in life: Karli dived headfirst into situations without worrying about the consequences, whereas worrying was all Fawn ever did. She was forever immobilized by indecision, overthinking and overanalyzing everything to such an extent that she never achieved anything and never went anywhere. She let life just pass her by.
The plan now was for her to hide out in this seedy Bakersfield motel for the next three days. Julian would report her missing, and the kidnapping would be picked up by the media. Random abductions didn’t always feature as top news reports, but with her childhood fame and a bit of luck, along with Julian pulling out all stops to push the story, it should be enough to draw them in. They would wait for the media attention to reach its peak before staging her reappearance, distressed and disheveled, with a remarkable tale of how she escaped her tormentor’s clutches. The episode would thrust her back into the spotlight and provide her with the perfect launchpad for her career’s second act.
Once again, she had put all her faith in Julian. She only hoped he knew what he was doing.
The morality of all this was questionable to say the least, but she tried not to think about that. She told herself that even though it was dishonest and unethical, they weren’t really hurting anyone, and as Julian had reminded her, this was just one of the unpleasant things you had to do in order to make it in showbiz. Plenty of others would be willing to do a lot worse for their shot at stardom – people far less deserving than she was.
There was always the chance that it would blow up in her face and she would regret agreeing to such an insane plan, but taking risks was something she needed to become more accustomed to. There was a greater risk that she would find herself in exactly the same place five or ten years down the line, singing Madonna songs for the thousandth time and mailing out her five hundredth demo. She didn’t want to lie awake at night at age thirty-five, or forty-five or fifty-five, regretting not taking advantage of what might have been her one real shot at success.
There was a knock on the door. This was followed by a punch of anxiety.
Fawn didn’t know if she should answer it. She was supposed to be missing, which meant she should avoid other people wherever possible. She stayed where she was and hoped they would go away.
Another knock.
She climbed up off the bed and tentatively approached the door. Through the peep hole, she saw the outline of a figure. She couldn’t see anything clearly; the glass was scratched and opaque, and there was barely any lighting outside.
“Who is it?” She tried disguising her voice and immediately felt foolish for doing so.
“It’s Rahul,” came the response. “From, um, you know, from before.”
She wiped her face on her sleeve and flattened down her hair, hoping it didn’t look like she was in the midst of a mental implosion, then unhooked the chain and opened the door a couple of inches.
It was the younger of her two assailants. The Indian getaway driver. A brown paper shopping bag was in his arms.
“Yes?” she said.
“Um, hi. I was thinking about what happened. It occurred to me that if you didn’t know any of this was going to happen, you probably wouldn’t have made preparations. So I got you this.”
He held the bag out for her. She opened the door further and accepted it without saying anything. She was about to say thank you, just as a reflex, until she decided she was under no obligation to thank someone who had participated in her own abduction.
She peered into the bag. There were magazines, moist towelettes, soap, deodorant, a toothbrush, toothpaste, gas station sandwiches wrapped in plastic, a bottle of water, full-sugar Coke, Pringles, Mars bars, Snickers, Twinkies, Mentos, Oreos, Doritos. These were the devil’s foodstuffs, the things she had spent half her life depriving herself of.
It was a collection of items purchased for a twenty-four-year-old woman by a guy who assumed that was what a twenty-four-year-old woman would want but didn’t know any personally to use as a point of reference.
“Thank you,” she said.
Dammit. The silence had gone on for too long, and her urge to fill it overwhelmed her urge to prove a point.
“If you need anything else, let me know and I can get it for you,” Rahul said.
Fawn placed the bag down on the floor beside the door. “Or you could give me the money now and I can get it myself.”
He hesitated. “But ... you’re not supposed to leave the room.”
“I know that. I just thought there might be certain items you wouldn’t feel comfortable buying for me.”
It took a few seconds for the penny to drop. When it did, Rahul couldn’t get his hand in his pocket fast enough. He pulled out what appeared to be all the cash he had on him.
“Can you, uh, try to get receipts?” he said, handing over about thirty-one dollars in notes and coins. “Julian is covering all our expenses, so I will get him to reimburse me. And remember, if you do leave the room–”
“I know, I’ll be careful. I’ll put a towel over my head or something.”
She didn’t need to purchase any such items, nor did she have any intention of leaving the room. She didn’t even want his money. She just wanted to make him hand it over as penance for what he had put her through today.
Rahul took a half-step to leave, but then stopped. There was a nervy silence. Fawn wondered if he was waiting to be invited in. If that was the case, he would be waiting there a long time.
“Anyway, I ... I should probably apologize for what happened today,” he said. “We were all a bit confused earlier, after everything that happened, and none of us were really thinking straight. We left in a hurry without making sure you were alright.”
Fawn remained unmoved. The sound from the television in the room next to hers bled through the walls. Canned sitcom laughter. It sounded like Married ... with Children.
“Was that it?” she said.
“Was what it?”
“Your apology? You said you should probably apologize for what happened, and I think you should, too. So does that mean you’re about to apologize? Or does stating your intention count as the apology?”
He took a deep breath. “You’re right. I’m sorry for everything. I can’t imagine how frightening that must have been for you.”
“No, you cannot imagine.”
“You must have been terrified.”
“Yeah, no kidding. I really thought I was being taken hostage at gunpoint.”
“I know. I know. I feel terrible about it.”
“I was locked in the back of that stinking van for almost two hours. Do you have any idea what I thought you two were about to do to me? The places my mind went to during those two hours?”
“Again, I’m so sorry. I wish we could take it all back. I feel sick just thinking about it.”
She could see he was nervous. He was probably just as traumatized by the whole experience as she was. Or maybe not that much, but enough for her to take a small amount of pity on him. She felt guilty for exploiting his good nature and taking all his money, although not guilty enough to give it back.
“I appreciate you saying that,” she said. “I know it wasn’t your fault. You were only doing what my idiot manager told you to do.”
Rahul shook his head. “We should have been more careful. Julian told us you knew it was about to happen, but you didn’t want to meet with us beforehand. That should have been a sign that something was off. We should have asked for more proof.”
He opened his mouth to say more, but stopped himself, as if debating how much he needed to divulge.
“We’re in a bit of trouble financially, me and Steven,” he said quietly. “I can’t say much more than that, but we needed the money. We’re kind of desperate, and it affected our judgement.”
“It’s happened now,” she shrugged. “Not a lot we can do to change it.”
“No, I suppose not.”
She wondered if she had let him off the hook a little too easily by accepting his apology. She always gave in too readily; another of her weaknesses. On the other hand, it was clear that he was remorseful, and there was nothing to be gained by making him squirm any longer. Besides, getting a guy to admit that he was in the wrong was no small feat.
“Anyway, I better go now,” he said. “We have another job booked for tonight. Let me know if there’s anything else I can get for you.”
“Wait, so this is really what you guys do, is it? People pay money to be kidnapped?”
“Yeah.” Rahul gave an embarrassed smile. “It’s a niche service.”
There was more canned laughter and applause from the neighboring room’s television.
“Just make doubly sure they know it’s about to happen, okay?” Fawn said. “You wouldn’t want any more misunderstandings.”
“Oh, there shouldn’t be any problems this time,” Rahul said. “The guy we’re kidnapping has hired us before.”
 
 
Gene Christofferson knew that struggling was futile, and yet he still tried to wriggle free from his restraints. This did nothing other than exacerbate the discomfort. He was hogtied, belly-down on the cold cement floor. Coarse rope reddened the skin around his wrists and ankles. His hands were fast becoming purple balloons as the circulation was cut off. Both legs were cramping. The harsh smell of diesel burned his nostrils.
A pair of fabric sheers cut away at his clothes. First it was his eighty-dollar Ralph Lauren button-down shirt, shredded and stripped from him in a matter of seconds. He cried for them to stop, begging to be let go, but the words made it no further than the ball gag jammed into his mouth, and his captors showed him no mercy.
His shoes were next to go, seven-hundred-dollar Bally loafers, as were his pants, and then the rest. Soon, he was completely naked.
One of the captors stepped in front of him. This was the brute that had dragged him from his Peugeot 405 just as he had pulled into the driveway of his home and bunded him into the back of some decrepit cesspit on wheels. Gene tried looking up, but he could only lift his head an inch or two. His field of vision extended no further than the man’s kneecaps.
“Gene Christofferson,” the man began. “You are a thoroughly inadequate apology for a human being. You possess zero redeeming qualities. You fail at everything in life.”
Gene’s protests were limited to unintelligible grunts and groans.
“Your slothful existence and your inability to control your appetite has turned you into a grotesque slob. Strangers are repulsed by the sight of you. You resemble a bloated slug that has taken human form. Your family are embarrassed to be seen in your presence. Your friends make jokes about you behind your back.”
A second captor opened a carton of custard. He tipped it upside down, covering Gene’s head and upper body.
“You use your unhappy childhood and lack of maternal affection as excuses to justify your infidelities. You have never once satisfied your wife. She married you for your money and your profile. Nothing more.”
The empty carton was tossed aside and a second one opened. Then came a third. Gene was soon smeared from head to toe in the cold yellow goo.
“You are a profound disappointment to your children. The material gifts you lavish upon them do not come close to making up for your absence in their lives. You are a worse father to your offspring than your father was to you. Your mother never loved you. Your daughter knows what depraved thoughts pass through your mind whenever you look at her friends.”
The fabric sheers sliced through a down pillow. The second captor shook the contents out over Gene’s body. The soft goose feathers clung to the sticky custard like ants on honey.
“Your ears are too big for your head. Your eyes are too small for your face. The world is a poorer place for having an insect like you occupying space and consuming precious oxygen. Eleven years have passed since you last paid the correct amount of tax.”
All throughout, he bawled like a neglected crack baby. Feathers went up his nose and custard dripped into his eyes. The entire ordeal was captured by three cameras, set up at different points around the room.
The following day, Gene Christofferson dominated his opponents in a televised political debate. It was a star-making performance that propelled the little-known union delegate from San Diego to frontrunner in the race for the senate. He was especially fervent when speaking on family values. Some pundits went so far as to declare him a potential candidate in the 1996 presidential election.
 
 
 
Chapter 19
 

For a brief moment after waking, those fleeting few seconds prior to full consciousness, Fawn wondered if the previous day really did happen. It was such an outrageous and improbable series of events that there was every chance it may have all been a bad dream, possibly induced by spicy food and her natural anxiety about the forthcoming meeting. Maybe it was Friday morning, and her appointment with Roderick Knight still lay ahead.
Then she shifted her weight slightly, and she felt the lumpy mattress beneath her, and the scratchy bed sheets on top of her, and that whisper of hope was snatched away. Her ordeal was confirmed when she blinked her eyes open and saw the ugly yoke-yellow wallpaper with brown zigzags on the wall opposite.
She stayed where she was for about an hour, staring up at the smoke-stained ceiling, not yet ready to face whatever the day had in store for her, before finally forcing herself out of bed. She stepped into the shower – grime-caked tiles, plastic curtain with mold patches like leopard spots, as much water pressure as a leaking roof – then dried herself off with the napkin-sized towel and put on yesterday’s clothes. She wished Julian had given her some advance notice so she could have prepared a change of clothes. Then again, had she known about this ahead of time, she probably would have taken out a restraining order.
She left the bathroom and sat down on the armchair. Now she had three empty days to fill.
This whole fake kidnapping idea did not seem any better in the morning than it did last night.
She had been in this room for a little over twelve hours, and already it was making her feel like she was in a straitjacket. Fawn was someone who never stopped moving, never slowed down, never took a moment to stop and smell the roses, as her mother liked to remind her. This was by design; she had conditioned herself to be in a state of perpetual busyness. Sitting around for more than a few minutes felt indulgent, like every waking moment should be spent doing something productive. She knew that if she ever stood still for too long she risked being left behind.
Maybe she needed to look at these next few days as an opportunity. If she couldn’t leave, she could at least use her time wisely. There was a notepad and pen on the cabinet beside the bed, and she always complained about never having enough time to write new songs. Perhaps she could jot down some lyrics. This could work – artists were always mining their trauma to create art. She picked up the pen.
Forty-five minutes went by, and the page was still blank, save for some doodling and a few false starts and scribbled out words. Nothing was coming. She couldn’t even force herself to write bad lyrics, which had never been a problem before. The events were too raw for her to be able to write about them. Her mind was brimming with revenge fantasies about Julian, which was not really useful subject matter for a pop song.
Talentless nobody, the Whispering Cynic said.
She tossed the pen and pad aside, and she took out her Walkman from her backpack. The tape she had been listening to was a compilation of songs taped off the radio. Music had always helped her through difficult times, and it might take her mind off things. It might even inspire her to write something new.
Two minutes after she hit play, midway through a Saint Etienne song, the Walkman chewed up the tape. She managed to disentangle it from the inner workings of the device, and she used the pen to wind it back into the cassette, but she knew that part of the tape was ruined on both sides. She wondered what else could go wrong.
She looked at the clock. It was now 10:03 a.m. Time had slowed to a crawl.
There were two magazines in the package that Rahul had dropped off last night – People, with Sharon Stone on the cover, and Rolling Stone with Metallica. She grabbed the People first.
She was a few pages in when her eyes drifted over to the bench, and the brown paper bag filled with food. She had eaten one of the sandwiches last night, and she would probably have the second one today. She hadn’t touched any of the cookies or chips or candy bars. She didn’t plan on touching them, either. If fact, she should probably get rid of them. Just being in the same room as all that processed sugar and carbohydrates was tempting fate. It was like leaving an alcoholic alone with a case of beer. She had already tipped the Cokes down the sink.
There was a cluster of trashcans outside, about fifty feet away, with a few stray cats hanging around. She could run out and dump the lot. Maybe not during the daytime, though. People were in the area, and she couldn’t risk being spotted. She would have to wait until dark. Resisting temptation until then shouldn’t be a problem, since she had been doing that for as long as she could remember.
If music was the number one obsession in her life, then food – and depriving herself of food – ran a close second. She was bigger than most girls growing up, but it was never much of an issue until she stepped into the public spotlight. This was when the trauma really began. Somewhere deep in her subconscious, she kept a comprehensive catalog of every negative comment about her looks or her weight that had ever been slung her way. It was these comments that had caused her to skip meals from the age of twelve, the cruel jibes first coming from kids at school, and then from kids on the street when she began to be recognized. They came from members of the press, grown men and women who should have known better than to mock a child’s appearance. The rumor that she was Meat Loaf’s daughter that followed her around for years. She overheard people in the church and parents of Pure N Simple fans referring to Karli as “the pretty one” or “the blonde one”, while Fawn was always “the big-boned one”. Girls in the audience would copy Karli’s style – they became known as the Karli Klones – but not even the most dedicated Pure N Simple fan ever wanted to look or dress like Fawn de Jager.
After the group ended and she grew older, the comments became less critical. Many would remark that she had shed her puppy fat; what they didn’t know was the change came from starving herself rather than growing out of it naturally. She also remembered when she was seventeen, and she had started an after-school job at Wendy’s. Her shift manager let her borrow a previous staff member’s work uniform as she didn’t have one of her own yet. “It might be a bit loose on you,” the woman told Fawn, “since you’re a lot skinnier than her.” This was 13 June 1986 – a date etched in her memory, as it was the first time she had ever received such a compliment.
Stress could make the weight drop off faster than any diet, and so maybe there would be a silver lining to this whole kidnapping farce. There was a set of scales in the bathroom. Fawn put the magazine to one side, and she brushed the dust from the scales and stepped on. She was at 117 – no discernible change since yesterday morning. It probably took longer than half a day to take effect.
Even though she was a normal weight now, or maybe even a few pounds shy of the official definition of underweight, she still found it impossible to shake that childhood mindset. If you were the fat kid growing up, you never saw yourself as anything else, regardless of how emaciated you became. There were few moments in her life when she wasn’t thinking about food and the way she looked. In the back of her mind, she knew that her current slimness was temporary. She needed to be extra vigilant, on guard twenty-four/seven to keep that chubby girl locked away, and to stop her from escaping and taking over again.
At 12:17 p.m., Fawn was startled by a knock on the door and a call of, “housekeeping!” She blurted out, “No, thanks!” in a panicked tone that screamed, “Go away now!”
As soon as the words were out, she wanted to take them back. She couldn’t have been any more obvious. The maid must surely suspect something. The game was up, and her cover blown. She was on her way to alert her boss that there was something suspicious about the guest in room twenty-three, and the police would immediately be notified. She should run now while she had the chance.
She forced herself to take a moment to think it through rationally. This poor underpaid woman had dozens of rooms to attend to in this complex and, given the type of people that typically stayed in motels like this, she would have stumbled across far more suspicious activity every other day. She surely had better things to do than snoop on the guests. With some effort, Fawn managed to push the incident out of her mind.
By early afternoon, her boredom had become so great that she switched on the television. The motel did not have cable, so her options were limited to the cultural wasteland that was daytime TV: talk shows, dreary soap operas, infomercials, and melodramatic TV movies that all had identical plots – a successful married man has his perfect life turned upside down when he engages in a dangerous affair with an unstable woman. Meanwhile, the news channels all showed continuing coverage of the drama currently unfolding in Texas, where some cult was involved in a stand-off with the FBI. It had been dragging on for over a month now. She watched this for a few minutes before switching it off.
The story of these religious kooks calling themselves the Branch Davidians reminded her of the kooks she and her family were briefly involved with called the Church of the Holy Brethren. They had less firearms than the Branch Davidians, and there was a lot more singing, but the two appeared to have more similarities than differences.
Thinking about the Church of the Holy Brethren made her think about Pure N Simple.
Pure N Simple made her think about Karli, and the unopened letter sitting in her bag. She had slipped it in just before leaving home yesterday morning. It was a last-minute thing.
Karli’s letters had become such a wellspring of angst for her that she could only read them at certain moments. She couldn’t open them during one of her low points – something she had learned the hard way. Early in the new year, when she was going through a particularly difficult couple of days, she had read about Karli landing her deal with Sire Records. This sent her into a weeklong existential tailspin, where she barely left her apartment and seriously contemplated quitting music altogether. At that moment, when so much was going wrong in her own life, this was the last thing she wanted to hear.
Her plan had been to open the letter on her way home from the meeting with Roderick. The idea was that she would enjoy reading about Karli’s latest triumphs when she was enjoying a triumph of her own. Julian’s interference had put paid to that idea. The way things were going, that letter might remain sealed for some time yet.
She used to look forward to hearing from Karli, but now she dreaded it. Opening these letters was like picking at scab – she knew it would hurt, and she knew she should stop, but she couldn’t leave it alone. As much as she wanted to know what had been happening in Karli’s life, news of her success brought her own failures into sharp focus. Fawn had worked day in, day out trying to make something happen, and she never got anywhere, whereas Karli got everything she ever wanted handed to her on a silver platter. That was the way it had always been.
 
 
 
Chapter 20
 

“You can sing, can’t you?”
Felicity Dijksman didn’t respond right away, and not only because she had just crammed half a peanut butter and jelly sandwich in her mouth. It took a moment to realize that Carly Cook was actually addressing her, and not speaking to some unseen third party loitering nearby. She and Carly had never exchanged words prior to this moment. For all she knew, Carly didn’t even know her name, and yet here she was, standing before her with her wavy Cheryl Ladd blonde locks, red and white striped tee, and dark blue Sasson jeans. In the two months Felicity had been at Monroe Elementary School, she had never seen Carly wear the same outfit twice.
She had been sitting by herself in a quiet corner of the schoolyard, as she did every lunchtime, lost in her own world. She was the new girl at a strange school with outdated thrift store clothes and embarrassing hippie parents. Her number one wish was for someone to invite her to sit with them at lunch, or next to them in class. Her number two wish was to become invisible, which seemed like the more attainable goal. None of the girls in her grade had ever said a word to her. She heard them snickering behind her back, usually accompanied by some snide quip about her hair, her weight, or her clothes, uttered just loud enough for her to hear, but they never spoke to her directly.
“I heard you singing that Fleetwood Mac song the other day,” Carly said when it became apparent Felicity wasn’t about to answer. “You have a really good voice.”
She was shaken by two conflicting emotions – the humiliation of Carly overhearing her singing to herself, something she only did when she thought she was alone, and the thrill of being paid a compliment by the most popular girl in the fifth grade. In the back of her mind, she couldn’t help but wonder if this was the setup to a mean joke, and Carly’s posse of followers were watching and laughing from around the corner.
Felicity forced herself to swallow, an act that felt like the most unnatural thing in the world.
“I sing sometimes,” she managed to say.
She was being modest. There were few things Felicity loved more than music. She was dancing in front of the mirror to the Osmonds and the Jackson 5 as soon as her hands were big enough to hold a hairbrush, and it was a love that continued to blossom as she grew older. The radio and the family record player were two of the few constants in her life, and pop songs were always there for her when she needed them. They were friends she could get lost in to escape the daily hell of school life, and something she could turn up the volume on to block out her parents’ nightly screaming matches. Carole King never ignored her or made fun of the way she looked. She wouldn’t have to leave the Bee Gees and Olivia Newton John behind when her father was fired from yet another job and they would be forced to move for the fourth time in two years.
Even from a young age, when music was nothing more than a sound that appeared like magic when a knob was turned on the radio, she knew it was something that would be a big part of her life.
“I thought you did,” Carly smiled at her. “You can tell.”
Carly planted herself in the seat beside her and pitched her idea. Carly’s family were members of the Church of the Holy Brethren, a New Age offshoot of the Anglican Church that had grown in popularity throughout California and the West Coast in the sixties and seventies. The church presented themselves as a progressive and forward-thinking alternative to the stuffy old establishment; the ministers wore denim jeans and button-down shirts rather than cassocks and collars, and musical performances were often incorporated into their sermons. These were mostly acoustic guitar toting singer-songwriters who would be allocated fifteen minutes of stage time to sing Jesus-themed originals and covers.
Like Felicity, Carly had always dreamed of performing, but she was nervous about getting up on stage by herself. She needed someone alongside her for moral support; preferably someone who would make her look good and compensate for her vocal shortcomings.
“I’ve thought about asking some of my other friends, but they all have voices like dead cats,” she said.
Felicity laughed, even though the quip made no sense. It felt good to be in this position. Not only was Carly speaking to her as an equal, but she also trusted her enough to make jokes about her friends behind their backs.
She mumbled a quiet, “Sure, that sounds like fun.” Carly gave her an excited hug and told her to meet her by the gates after school so they could go around to her house to rehearse.
Carly’s dad was an executive at Coca-Cola, and their house was like something out of a TV commercial. Her upstairs bedroom was almost as big as the rented clapboard shack that Felicity and her family always seemed to be days away from being evicted from. She had never been inside a two-story home until now.
For Felicity, this was a different world. At her house, if she ever wanted to listen to a song by Blondie or ABBA, she had to tune into KYUU-FM and hope it would come on the radio soon. All Carly had to do was pull out her copy of Parallel Lines or Voulez-Vous from her collection of about fifty records and put it on the turntable. The Cooks even had their own maid.
Carly gave Felicity a quick tour of the house – she couldn’t believe only three people lived in a place so big – and then the first rehearsal got underway.
They made their performing debut three weeks later, on a Sunday morning in the community hall that hosted Holy Brethren sermons. The applause they received as they took their positions on stage could be described as polite encouragement, with the assembled crowd not really sure what to expect from these two eleven-year-olds. Most of the other performers had been men two or three times their age, James Taylor wannabes with droopy moustaches and shaggy hair, strumming on guitars and warbling earnest lyrics about how the power of the Lord had rescued them at their lowest point.
Carly slipped the cassette into the tape deck. It was tape five from a six-tape collection of Christian pop songs that her parents had purchased through the church’s mail order catalog. Tapes 1-3 had the original songs, while tapes 4-6 had the instrumental versions to sing along to.
The intro to the first track, Truth, Light & Glory, came through the crackly sound system. Felicity looked up to see a hundred and fifty expectant pairs of eyes staring back at her. Breathing suddenly became difficult. This could be stage fright, although she couldn’t say for sure, since this was the first time she had ever set foot anywhere near a stage. All she could do was close her eyes and pretend she was back in her bedroom, singing into her hairbrush. She lifted the microphone and opened her mouth.
It was all over two songs and seven minutes later. The applause that followed was like nothing she had ever experienced. These people weren’t just being kind because the girls were young. This kind of enthusiasm could not be faked. The clapping and the cheering smothered Felicity in an avalanche of love. After spending her life as an outcast, to be accepted in this way was everything she had ever dreamed of. Not only that, but she had also been welcomed into Carly’s group. Carly’s friends had become her friends, and over the past few weeks Carly had spent more time with Felicity than anyone else.
The church allowed them to come back the following week, and the week after that. Later, they were invited to perform for other Holy Brethren congregations in and around the city. The church regularly put on separate shows specifically for their younger members to attend, and they were invited to perform there too.
The two new best friends continued to rehearse whenever they could – on weekends, after school, in empty classrooms during recess and lunch. Each time they returned to the stage, the show was more polished, their harmonies improved, their choreography better synchronized, their stage presence more confident. Their seven-minute set expanded to ten minutes, then to twenty. The morning after each performance, Felicity’s feet and limbs hurt from all the movement, but her face ached more from so much smiling.
 
 
Twelve years earlier, Jerry Dijksman lifted his rucksack and his guitar from the back seat of the Dodge Polara he had just spent the past five hours in, and he waved goodbye to the kindly businessman who had given the young hitchhiker a lift from Reno. Over the past few days he had thumbed his way across the country, from Fort Wayne to Des Moines, Des Moines to Salt Lake City, and Salt Lake City to Reno, sleeping in bus shelters and eating whatever he could scavenge from dumpsters at the back of restaurants, until finally he was where he wanted to be – San Francisco in the year 1967. Here he was, at long last, on the West Coast of the United States of America – at that moment in time, the center of the universe for anyone under the age of twenty-five. This was the place where it was all happening. Like so many others his age who had fled their soporific hometowns and ventured en masse to this cultural mecca, he was ready for anything. He wanted to experience life.
The city was everything he dreamed it would be, and then some. Within weeks of arriving, the young musician felt he had lived more than in his previous twenty-two years combined. The scene that welcomed him was so vibrant and teeming with promise, and just being alive at this point is history was exhilarating. A revolution was underway, and the world around him was changing before his eyes. He was part of a movement determined to forge their own path and break free from the oppressive shackles of their parents’ and grandparents’ generations. 
More than anything, the music scene had been turned on its head. Pop stars were no longer untouchable beings from another planet. They were just like him, hanging out in the Haight-Ashbury coffee shops and bookstores with all the regular folk, and turning up to art galleries and underground cinemas. Even the most casual jam session could end with a member of Moby Grape or the Quicksilver Messenger Service joining in after a couple of hours. A poetry reading wasn’t complete until Dennis Hopper turned up to smoke everyone’s hash and offer his own cracked freeform contributions.
It was this fertile environment that allowed Jerry’s own songwriting to flourish. He was soon performing daily, wherever he could – in parks, on street corners, in coffeehouses, at antiwar rallies, impromptu gigs in abandoned houses. Anywhere he could find a receptive audience. He developed a small following, firstly as a solo troubadour, and then fronting a three-piece combo by the name of Djinni. He was joined in the band by two new friends – Randy on bass, and Tim on drums.
The world’s spotlight was shining on the San Francisco musical and artistic community. Janis Joplin and the Grateful Dead and Jefferson Airplane were all on their way to stardom, and it was only a matter of time before Jerry Dijksman and Djinni joined them. Nothing was going to stand in his way. Not even when he found out that Marcia, the seventeen-year-old runaway from Idaho who had started turning up to Djinni’s shows, told him she was pregnant. He was still going to make it.
But then the late sixties made way for the early seventies, which was around the time that Jerry’s fantasy life gave way to reality. He now had a wife and young daughter to support, and menial day jobs paid the bills in ways that anti-establishment acoustic folk songs did not. The added responsibilities meant less time for his music, and he watched his dreams slowly slip from his grasp. This was around the same time that his former friends and bandmates began to enjoy success with their new groups – firstly Tim, now with the Steve Miller Band, and then Randy, who had joined a group by the name of the Eagles. He tried to bury his emotions, but envy ate away at him like a cancer.
His dreams of making music and living the high life lay dormant until 1979, when he saw his now eleven-year-old daughter Felicity and her friend Carly perform for a crowd of three hundred young people at a show put on by the Church of the Holy Brethren at a local youth center. He witnessed the crowd’s rapturous response, and he saw the potential. He also saw dollar signs. All these kids were being entertained for free, and he decided he was going to do something about that. After all, there were few things easier in life than separating religious folk from their cash, and he was sick to death of watching his peers discard their egalitarian principles and get rich while he pumped gas and bagged groceries for $2.85 an hour. It was time to get what he deserved.
The following Sunday, he turned up to a Holy Brethren sermon dressed in his best polyester leisure suit. He hadn’t set foot anywhere near a church in years, but he didn’t let that hold him back. He wasted no time ingratiating himself into the community, portraying himself as an honest and upstanding citizen who had become disillusioned with conventional religion. The Church of the Holy Brethren, he assured anyone who would listen, was exactly what he had been searching his whole life for. He dragged Marcia along every week, where he would work the room like a political candidate. He took a keen interest in Felicity and Carly’s musical endeavors, helping to organize shows and driving them around whenever they needed a lift. Before long, he had nominated himself as their manager.
He came up with a catchy new name for the group: Pure N Simple. Deciding that his own daughter’s name of Felicity Dijksman lacked pizzaz, he convinced her to change it to Fawn de Jager. Carly Cook already sounded starry enough, and so she was allowed to keep it, although he would intentionally misspell her first name as Karli until it eventually stuck.
The wide-eyed idealist of the sixties was now dead and buried, and an opportunistic capitalist had taken his place. After soliciting a number of donations from the wealthier members of the congregation, he was able to send the group into the studio to lay down some tracks.
There was no shortage of material for the girls to use. Jerry had tapes and tapes of the stuff, written a decade earlier and gathering dust at the bottom of his closet. He revived a handful of his old love songs, substituting “Jesus” for the name of the girl he had written the song for, and sanitizing anything that could be perceived as an affront to Christian values. He did the same with a half-dozen other tunes that he hadn’t written, but he had brazenly snatched from obscure records in his collection. He would change the title, make minor lyrical adjustments, and bathe them with an overall godly sensibility. He didn’t bother asking the original songwriters’ permission to do this. He assumed no one would dare sue a couple of pre-teen girls, especially when doing so would risk invoking the ire of a powerful Christian group.
Once the album was complete, the hard part was over. It didn’t matter if the music was any good. There was a readymade audience of seven-to-fifteen-year-olds eager to dance and sing along to chirpy pop tunes but forbidden by their parents and the church from having their minds polluted by secular artists. There was no need to fight tooth and nail to get people to pay attention, playing show after show to half-empty venues, like he did back when he was trying to make a career out of his music. The parents of these kids would practically be begging him to take their money.
Pure N Simple’s wholesome hymns were given the stamp of approval from the church, and Jerry and the two girls ventured out on tour.
In the Cold War era Soviet Union, Western music was prohibited. The government had their own pop stars that were foisted upon the youth to keep them entertained. If you were a music-loving teenager living in Moscow during this time, you could listen to their state-sanctioned music, or you could listen to nothing at all. This was not too far removed from the choices available to the adolescents of the Church of the Holy Brethren. They would never be permitted to attend an Andy Gibb concert, and so a Pure N Simple show was the closest they would get to experiencing the rush of seeing pop music in a live setting.
This lack of competition, along with Jerry Dijksman’s constant hustling, meant Pure N Simple was soon playing to audiences of thousands. On stage, the two girls complemented each other perfectly; Fawn was blessed with the big voice, while Karli had the big personality and an easy rapport with the audience, imbued with the kind of confidence known only to those who have had people bend over backwards for them their entire lives. Their burgeoning fanbase, mostly made up of excitable preteen girls, as well as a few lovestruck young boys infatuated with Karli, couldn’t get enough. They toured all over California, and then all across the country. Jerry was phoning in weekly orders to have more records pressed up, and by week’s end he had sold out of his stock. He had never seen so much money in his life.
The girls were pulled from school to focus on the group full-time, with only a small amount of reluctance on the part of Karli’s parents, since both were evangelical devotees of the church, and were thrilled that their daughter was playing such an important role in spreading the good word. A second album was made, followed by an extensive six-month cross-country tour, before they were bundled back into the studio to record album number three, and then even more touring. Fawn and Karli, both the only children of their families, became surrogate sisters, spending every day and night together. The group was booked solid, sometimes performing up to three times a day for church groups and religious schools. In 1981 alone, they played over five hundred shows. There were TV appearances and magazine covers, and a whirlwind tour of South America. Their music was eagerly embraced by conservative parents scared to death of the corrupting influence of popular culture on the nation’s youth, and by teachers and principals hoping to provide positive godfearing role models for their students.
 
 
Almost every rise-and-fall music industry biography ends with the group falling apart amid a haze of substance abuse, sex scandals, legal issues, and unchecked hedonism. Pure N Simple’s story was no exception, although in their case it was the group’s Svengali who was responsible for their downfall, and not the young performers. Jerry Dijksman may have presented himself and the group as a picture of spiritual wholesomeness, but behind the scenes he was living a second adolescence, making up for lost time and gleefully indulging in every sinful vice available to him.
Many within the church were willing to turn a blind eye to his partying, philandering and gambling while the group was making money. It wasn’t until they were beset by legal woes that it all began to unravel.
The first lawsuits came from the artists whose work Jerry had swiped without permission. He was correct in assuming that Brian Wilson wouldn’t go to the trouble of suing a couple of minors over “Bless Me, Father”, a track on their second record with a chorus blatantly lifted from “Help Me, Rhonda”, or that George Harrison would not care too much about their disco-lite version of “My Sweet Lord”, but this was not the case for those songwriters that weren’t millionaires. The ones living in trailer parks and working on construction sites had no qualms about taking the group to court, especially when their manager had been spotted driving around in a brand-new Aston Martin. Most had been shafted by their management and their label back when they were recording artists. They weren’t about to let it happen a second time.
Next in line with their hands out were the countless studio managers, producers, session musicians and songwriters-for-hire still waiting to be paid for their work. This was followed by reports of mounting debt and unpaid taxes. Accusations of serious breaches of child labor laws. Three separate sexual harassment payouts. Each new scandal was met with declining sales and cancelled concerts. Bankruptcy was a possibility, until it became an inevitability.
Pure N Simple finally spluttered out around the same time as Jerry and Marcia’s marriage. Jerry drained the group’s bank account and took off with what remained of their earnings, along with his Aston Martin and his twenty-one-year-old assistant. Marcia got a job as a cocktail waitress and took on the burden of raising their daughter alone, until she remarried a few years later.
The two girls re-enrolled in school, and Fawn went back to singing in front of her bedroom mirror. Her father made only cameo appearances in her life in the years since.
The group was together for less than three years, but Jerry Dijksman’s legacy lived on. He didn’t know it at the time, but he had shone a light on an untapped market: young people from religious communities just as eager to enjoy pop music as every other kid, but forbidden from listening to anything created by the heathens, drug addicts, communists, fornicators and homosexuals rife within the modern music industry. He had stumbled across a lucrative new business model entirely by accident.
Following his fall from grace, the Church of the Holy Brethren picked up right where Jerry had left off. They founded their own record label to release music aimed at the Christian youth market, and they were much more effective in spreading their message. Their first release was a Pure N Simple greatest hits compilation – they had swooped in to purchase the publishing rights to their entire catalog in the fire sale that followed Jerry’s bankruptcy. Once that was a hit, they set about finding dozens of other similar Christian-themed acts to promote, signing up pop, rock, country, soul, and gospel artists in an effort to cater to the widest possible demographic.
Their canniest move was to embark on a nationwide publicity blitz, under the guise of grassroots parenting groups, in which they protested music they considered too provocative for anyone over the age of ten. In the early- to mid-eighties, barely a week went by without one of their advocates appearing on a televised news program or talk show to warn of the impact of rock music on young minds, blaming it on everything from drug addiction and teen suicide to obesity and illiteracy. Stories were fabricated about degenerate musicians sacrificing animals on stage and planting backward Satanic messages on their records. Millions of gullible American mothers swallowed these stories whole, fearing their children’s minds were being corrupted through their stereo speakers, and the Church of the Holy Brethren was right there to steer them toward a much more acceptable alternative.
 
 
 
Chapter 21
 

Sleep eluded Fawn for the better part of Sunday night. The knowledge that her anonymity might be hours away from ending weighed heavy on her mind, even if this was something she had been chasing for years. Steven had knocked on her door earlier in the day to pass on a message from Julian, informing her that a missing persons report had been filed, and that several members of the public had contacted the police after witnessing her being forced into the van. The story was about to break.
Silver Star Records would issue a press release on Monday morning pleading for anyone with information about the kidnapping to come forward. Several media outlets had been in touch with Julian to make further enquiries, and he had obliged them by providing numerous quotes. He told them how Fawn had been poised for major stardom prior to these distressing events, and he hinted that this may have been the work of an obsessed fan who had stalked her in recent months.
The wheels were in motion, and there was no turning back. Fawn’s world was about to change in ways she could not imagine. If everything went to plan, her name would be all over the news by six o’clock tonight.
The waiting made her sick with nerves. Phantom bed bugs crawled across her skin and nested in her hair. The Whispering Cynic taunted her relentlessly, filling her head with doubts. She would have backed out if that was even an option.
Her high blood sugar levels likely contributed to her restlessness and her delicate frame of mind. She never did get around to throwing out all that junk food, and at some point over the weekend she succumbed to temptation and devoured an entire Snickers bar. It was no big deal, and not likely to cause her to blow up overnight, but then a few hours passed and she found herself reaching for the Oreos. She only ate one, and she immediately closed the packet after that. Enough was enough, and she had to put a stop to it before she did something she regretted.
She then had a small handful of M&Ms while watching a rerun of The Simpsons, and then a Twinkie. And then another couple of Oreos, and the rest of the M&Ms.
The hours that followed were hazy.
When she came to, she had a buzzing headache and was surrounded by empty wrappers, and she realized what she had done. After denying herself these simple pleasures for so long, the sensation was so overwhelming that she was powerless to resist. She had made it through two and a half days, but in the end she cracked. Extreme stress and cabin fever and been her undoing.
Keeping her weight under control had been a lifelong battle. She had tried all the usual stuff – fad diets, appetite suppressants, whatever the latest exercise craze was – but willpower was the only thing that had ever really worked. Obsessive, military-level vigilance had taken Fawn from a size twelve teenager to a size four adult. And now, for the first time in years, she had slipped up. Big time. The chubby girl with the bad clothes and the frizzy hair she had kept locked away for the past ten years had staged a daring breakout and wreaked untold havoc.
She threw off the sandpaper bedsheets and ventured into the bathroom. It was time to face the music. She closed her eyes, and she stepped on the scales. She held her eyes closed for a moment before opening them to witness the damage: 119. No huge change – yet. But the extra pounds were surely on their way, along with the inevitable mood swings and dermatological eruption.
Perhaps it was not too late to remedy the situation.
She knew plenty of girls who shoved their fingers down their throat after a lapse like this. It wasn’t even that big of a deal anymore, despite what all those sensationalist news reports and Degrassi episodes would have you believe. It was okay if you didn’t make a habit of it and only resorted to it in an emergency. She had tried it herself during her teenage years – for her generation, a bulimic phase was almost a rite of passage – but she could never really get the hang of it. Barfing made her feel horrible anyway, and so doing it on purpose seemed particularly unpleasant.
Once she had a moment to think it over, she decided to let it go. The lapse was concerning, but it was a one-off, and nothing that couldn’t be corrected with a week of solid fasting and vigorous exercise. She had probably waited too long to undo the damage anyway.
She went back to bed for another hour, but sleep was still an impossibility. She eventually gave up on the idea when she saw sunlight creeping in from behind the curtain. She got back up and got dressed, crawling into the lime-green polo shirt and acid wash jeans she had swiped from a dryer in the motel’s communal laundry late on Saturday night. She may have been under strict orders not to leave her room, but she took her chances after weighing up the risk of being spotted versus her desire not to wear the same clothes for a third consecutive day. Besides, adding petty larceny to her growing list of transgressions was hardly a big deal by this point.
The polo shirt and the jeans were both about two sizes too big.
She went over to the window next to the door and pulled the curtains back a couple of inches, peeking out into the forecourt. A few people were there – tourists loading up their cars as they prepared to leave, others arriving and checking into their rooms. There were some motel staff lingering, as well as a couple of kids with skateboards. No sign of Steven and Rahul, even though she knew they were staying here too. Steven had said that he had just driven up from LA when he came to see her yesterday – he had specifically mentioned this, which seemed like an odd thing to emphasize – but she had spotted that ugly brown-green van parked at the other end of the complex when she tiptoed down to the laundry on Saturday night. They were obviously still watching her, probably under Julian’s orders.
She stepped away from the window and sat back down on the edge of the bed. She had just endured the longest weekend of her life. She now had the longest Monday of her life to look forward to.
 
 
News of the kidnapping broke on the evening of 19 April 1993. It stated that a young woman in Brentwood was seen forced into a van at gunpoint at around eleven a.m. the previous Friday. Police were yet to identify the woman in question, but they were investigating the possibility of it being a twenty-eight-year-old performer from Van Nuys who was reported missing around the same time, and who was said to have been harassed by an obsessive fan. Anyone with information relating to the incident was encouraged to come forward.
The total airtime amounted to less than twenty seconds. Fawn’s name was not mentioned in the report, nor was her past Pure N Simple fame, while four years was erroneously added to her age. None of this made much of a difference, however, as the story only appeared briefly on the ten p.m. local news bulletin. As with everything else that took place that day, it was overshadowed by something much more monumental.
Earlier that morning, the FBI stormed a compound in Waco, Texas, bringing a dramatic end to a fifty-one-day stand-off. The images were shocking, and the loss of life immense. The casualties were estimated to be as high as eighty, many of whom were women and children. For much of the night, viewers were subjected to confronting images of tanks, teargas, and shootouts, before a raging inferno turned the entire complex into a smoldering ruin.
Fawn could feel herself sinking further into a pit of despondency as the coverage played out before her eyes, unable to look away. This was all far too surreal, and the on-screen horror seemed like the perfect metaphor for her life. An unmitigated catastrophe unfolding in slow motion. One disastrous decision after another. Things going from bad to worse, and yet somehow still deteriorating further. Everything going up in smoke.
Over the past few days, she had been traumatized and humiliated and coerced into breaking the law, and it had all been for nothing. She couldn’t even feel sorry for herself, given that her own problems paled in insignificance when compared with the events that had taken place in Texas earlier that day.
Well, that was worth it, sneered the Whispering Cynic. It went about as well as you expected it to, right?
As much as she tried to ignore that niggling voice inside her head, she had to concede that it might be right. Perhaps this was it for her career, or whatever pathetic excuse she had for a career. This might be the iron bar that broke the camel’s back. If ever there was a sign that she was destined never to make it, this was it. The universe just did not want her to succeed.
Maybe she didn’t want to, either. Right now, the only thing she wanted was to go home and erase these past three days from her memory. She had flirted with the idea of giving up before, but at that moment it had never been more appealing.
 
 
 
Chapter 22
 

“For the love of all things holy, Julian. Do you have any idea what you’re doing here?” 
It was Tuesday morning now. Steven was back in one of the two doorless payphones out by the motel’s main entrance. Laser-eyed Jesus loomed menacingly as he looked down from the billboard on the other side of the road. Nearby, an elderly caretaker pushed a manual lawnmower up and down a strip of brown grass.
From where he stood, he could see directly into the reception area. Incidental eye contact was made with the proprietor, a matronly woman in her sixties, before he quickly turned away. He had been using these phones to communicate with Julian over the past few days because he assumed it was the more secure option. Now he wondered if he was drawing unnecessary attention to himself by coming out here so often, despite having a working phone in his room.
“Don’t worry about me,” Julian said. “Everything is under control. This is nothing more than a bump in the road. I’ve done this kind of thing countless times before. Ninety-nine times out of a hundred, we’d have the biggest story of the day. This just happens to be that one time in a hundred when it’s not. Nobody could have foreseen what that berk in Texas would do.”
“Right. No prior warning, if you don’t count the daily media coverage from the past month and a half.”
“Look, don’t stress about it. What we’re doing here is an inexact science. Problems are going to crop up from time to time. That’s what happens in this business, and it’s what I’ve been doing my whole working life – thinking on my feet and fixing problems. Whether it’s a publicity stunt that doesn’t go as planned, or an amp that blows up in the middle of a show, you just have to roll with the punches and find a way to deal with it.”
Steven cast a nervous glance around the area. Julian’s apparent lack of urgency was concerning. He wondered if he had started drinking already. “So how much longer do we have to keep watching her?” he said.
“I don’t know mate, how long is a piece of string? Just make sure she stays out of sight until this whole Waco nonsense blows over and I can figure out another way to get her face on the news.”
“Until it blows over? How long is that gonna take?”
“Three or four days, maybe? A week? Who can tell with these things?”
“A week? You expect us to hang around in America’s armpit twiddling our thumbs for another week?”
The clock was ticking for Steven. The longer this dragged on, the longer it would be before he got paid, and the harder it was for him and Rahul to sneak away to undertake other jobs. He had been driving back and forth to LA almost every day since this began, and he didn’t know how many journeys the van had left in it. He needed that money, and he needed it soon. Tony Okura’s henchmen had been leaving daily reminders, just in case the debt hanging over his head had slipped his mind.
“I doubt it will be that long,” Julian said. “You know what the public is like. They have a toddler’s attention span. They’ll get bored soon enough and move on to whatever the next thing is. I’m going to make sure that next thing is Fawn.”
A police car drove by on the road alongside the motel, traveling at about half-speed. Steven turned slightly and lifted his arm, obscuring his face without being too obvious about what he was doing.
“Really, how difficult can it be to get this on the news?” he said. “A hot, white woman has been kidnapped, Julian. A hot, white, former child star. If Saddam Hussein had infiltrated the White House, assassinated the president and defiled his corpse on live television, this should still be the leading news story of the day.”
“Hey, just worry about keeping an eye on Fawn, would you? Don’t worry about what I do. Watch her if she starts to freak out. She can sometimes be difficult to deal with. In the meantime, I’ll make a few calls. I know people within the major networks, so I can get them to push the story. I can fix this, I promise.”
The longer Steven dealt with Julian T. Rockefeller, the more hopeless he seemed. He was like so many others he had encountered in and around Hollywood; the type who could give himself laryngitis talking himself up, but completely inept at following through. All hat and no cattle, as the saying went. Steven could probably do Julian’s job better than he could.
In fact, he was certain he could do a better job. He did some quick mental arithmetic.
“I have a better idea,” he said. “How about, in addition to overseeing the kidnapping, I take over the whole marketing and promotion side as well?”
Julian laughed, which soon developed into a hacking cough. This went on for some time. “Do you know the first thing about publicity?” he said once he’d regained the ability to speak.
“I doubt I could do a worse job than what you’ve done. We’ve managed the kidnapping part, despite the obstacles you put in our way, like not telling the girl it was gonna happen. I think we could manage the other part as well. So I’ll push that Waco garbage off the front page, and I’ll make Fawn the biggest story in the country. You’ll get all the publicity you could ever need, and the best part is I’m only gonna charge an additional ten grand for my services.”
“Ten thousand dollars?” Julian spluttered. “What makes you think I’ll agree to that?”
“Did you hear what I said? I just promised to make your girl the biggest story in the country. And I’ll do it by tomorrow night. If not, then you don’t have to pay a cent extra, just the rest of my fee. I’d say that’s the deal of the century right there. Wouldn’t you agree?”
“Hang about, you can’t just renegotiate the terms that we agreed on–”
“Julian, I don’t care what we agreed on,” Steven said, just as a loud bellyflop from a hairy Texan the size of an orca displaced a third of the water from the nearby pool. “That agreement became null and void, and those terms went out the window, the moment you lied to us and jerked us around. And I don’t want this to drag on any longer than it has to. We’ve tried doing things your way, and it didn’t work. So now we’re gonna try doing things my way.”
He hung up the phone, and he returned to the van. The motor started and he braced himself for another two-hundred-mile road trip to fetch his camera.
 
 
The finished video was three minutes and forty-one seconds long. Fawn de Jager sat in the foreground in a wooden chair, her head bowed, her wrists tied together, a strip of silver tape stretched across her mouth, barely moving. Standing behind her were two men in dark clothing, slightly out of focus. The room was nondescript: yellow and brown zigzagged wallpaper, orange carpet, dull artificial light. The men’s faces had been pixelated to conceal their identity.
The larger of the two, the one holding what appeared to be a handgun, issued a demand for two hundred and fifty thousand dollars in exchange for the release of their hostage. His voice was masked by digital distortion. The other man said nothing.
The video ended when the larger man stepped forward and pressed the gun to the side of Fawn’s head. “If we don’t have the money by next Monday ...”
His sentence remained unfinished as the screen cut to black, followed by a chilling gunshot sound effect.
Steven and Rahul drove back to Frequency21’s offices once filming was complete. They spent a couple of hours deciding which of their four takes worked best, before adding the necessary effects and making thirty-seven duplicate copies.
Rahul scoured the phone book and compiled a list of media outlets in the greater Los Angeles area. By noon the following day, each of those outlets had a VHS copy of the hostage tape delivered to them via courier.
Julian had made two crucial errors in his attempt at breaking the story. The first was that he was not proactive enough. He had arranged for the kidnapping to take place, filed a missing person’s report, issued a press release, and he expected the story to take off from there with no further effort on his part. It may have gained traction on a slow news day, but 19 April 1993 was anything but. 
His second error was that he had expected the traditional news outlets to cover the kidnapping. Steven instead focused on the trashy tabloid divisions, bypassing the middlebrow news services altogether. Once they had latched onto it, he believed, the rest would follow.
The tape’s first public airing was on Wednesday’s edition of Hard Copy, the sensationalist nightly news program. It was an on-brand story for the show, containing all the necessary ingredients to reel in the viewers: an attractive young woman, tangentially famous, a shocking random crime, and criminals using the media to spread their message. The show’s producers recognized the story’s potential as a ratings winner or, better yet, a water cooler moment. They put it to air immediately.
Viewers noted the video’s unusually high production values, which appeared to have been shot on 16mm film before being transferred to tape. The transitions were sharp, and the footage was broadcast quality. The way Fawn was lit and framed gained particular attention; she looked like a movie star.
Within hours of the program going to air, other networks followed suit. Hard Copy made immediate plans for a follow-up on their Thursday show. Pressure soon fell on the LAPD and the FBI to take immediate action. The Church of the Holy Brethren rallied its members to pray for the safe return of one of its most famous former members.
By Thursday, tens of millions of people knew the name Fawn de Jager.
 
 
 
Chapter 23
 

The song on the radio was “Holding On For Glory”. This was the opening track from Pure N Simple’s second record, 1980’s Yours, Faithfully. It was one of their biggest hits, and perhaps their signature song. Rahul Srivas would have been no more than twelve or thirteen when he last heard it – probably when a substitute RE teacher put on a record for the class to listen to in lieu of doing any teaching. Even at that young age, he knew the group was kind of corny, with rudimentary melodies and the same lyrical theme for every song – the power of the Lord, and how it enabled even the smallest creature to overcome any obstacle that lay in its path. He preferred to listen to his older brothers’ Pink Floyd and Rush records, when he was allowed to. But hearing the track now, he could see there was something endearing about them. This was a throwback to a different era, and a reminder of more innocent times. Although maybe everyone felt that way about music from their childhood.
It was almost midnight. He was in the van, parked in a secluded corner of the motel’s parking lot. He had found the perfect spot from which to watch room twenty-three, giving him an unobstructed view of the door. The nearest light was at least a hundred feet away, which allowed him to hide in the shadows.
He reached for the box of Milk Duds on the dash and tapped another seven into his palm. This was the fifth night in a row that he’d been stationed out here. Upbeat music and large doses of sugar was all that was keeping him awake until daybreak.
He turned the volume up a little. As soon as he’d heard the song’s opening chords, it was like he was that gawky, slightly bookish kid attending an expensive Bengaluru Christian school in the early eighties, long before he knew anything about America. He still didn’t know that much about the States at the end of the decade, when he traveled with his father to Los Angeles at the age of nineteen. His father had been offered a two-year position as a political science lecturer at the University of Southern California, and he had taken his youngest son along with him in an effort to open his eyes to the wider world. Rahul was the youngest of six, and he had enjoyed a rather sheltered childhood when compared with his older siblings. His parents decided that a couple of years abroad could be just the thing to broaden his horizons.
His father returned to India once his two years was up, but by then Rahul was determined to stay, as he had formed an attachment to the country, and to Los Angeles in particular. Remarkably, his father voiced no strong objections, on the condition that he support himself financially. He had seen enough spoiled American youths during his time here, and he was not about to allow his son to go down the same path. He impressed upon him that this was an opportunity to forge his own path in life and make something of himself.
Rahul kept his promise, picking up work wherever he could; first as a courier, then in gas stations and video stores and call centers. He sometimes held down two or three jobs at once. After a year and a half here on his own, he responded to an ad for an assistant to a videographer that was pinned to a bulletin board in the 7-11 where he worked. It was a job that paid cash, and the employer was willing to teach the successful applicant how to use a range of filming and editing equipment. That job somehow led to a sideline gig where he would abduct strange men with a lot of money and unusual desires.
If only that thirteen-year-old kid from Bengaluru could have known the direction his life would take, and that years from now his own path and Fawn de Jager’s, roughly the same age but living a completely different life on the opposite side of the world, would intersect in the most unexpected way.
He still had trouble believing that the girl singing on this song was the same one whose room he was now monitoring. He couldn’t help but wonder what had gone wrong in her life for her to end up in such a position, and that she was willing to do something as bizarre as faking her own abduction in order to advance her career. Although maybe he shouldn’t judge her for that, given that he had just participated in something equally wrong.
The song ended, and the announcer recapped the day’s biggest story: Fawn de Jager, formerly of the Christian pop group Pure N Simple, had been the victim of a brazen public kidnapping. Police were on the hunt for two men who had accosted her on the street a few days ago and were now demanding a $250,000 ransom. It was the story that had the whole country talking.
Rahul felt his insides shift. Until yesterday, he could legitimately claim that he and Steven hadn’t really done anything that bad. Their participation in this scheme might not have been entirely honest, but it was mostly harmless, all things considered. Now they had shot and distributed that video. Things had ramped up a gear, and they could no longer plead their innocence.
He switched the radio off.
This was why he was reluctant to do the job in the first place. He tried to warn Steven, but he refused to listen, and now they were both wanted men. Police were probably working on the case right now, interviewing witnesses and devising strategies and following leads, or whatever it was that the police did when trying to crack a high-profile case. People were taking this seriously. He could imagine the backlash if anyone found out it was all a ploy to get a bit of attention for an aspiring singer.
In any event, public humiliation might not be the worst thing to happen. This had the potential to end very, very badly. For all he knew, a small army of police were closing in on him right now, waiting in the shadows of the motel complex, tipped off by one of the guests. After all, he was sitting in the van that Fawn had been forced into days earlier. He imagined the cops surrounding the vehicle, their twitchy fingers resting against their triggers. He saw red laser beams projected on his forehead, followed by shouts for him to exit the vehicle with his hands in the air. He would be thrown to the ground, handcuffed, roughed up, and tossed into the back of a police car. Taken away for days and nights of interrogation, where he would be deprived of sleep and denied access to a lawyer. Branded a violent criminal and sentenced to decades behind bars. Handed a one-way ticket back to India upon his release in his forties, his papers stamped “NEVER TO RETURN”.
Or maybe it wouldn’t get that far. They were just as likely to shoot him on sight. After all, none of them knew this was all a scam that had got a little out of hand.
He noticed he was breathing too fast. There was a burning in his chest, and a clammy taste in his mouth. He had to tell himself to stop being so dramatic. Catastrophizing wasn’t going to do anything except stress him out. More than likely, they were going to get through this just fine. They just had to ride out these next few days, and then it would all be behind them.
There was no cause for alarm. No need to get carried away with fanciful scenarios.
No sooner had the thought entered his mind, a rapping inches from his ear almost made his heart stop.
The panic receded when he discovered that it was not a mean-faced cop at his window.
The panic returned when he saw that it was the person he was supposed to be looking out for. He didn’t think he hadn’t taken his eyes off the room, but she had somehow slipped out without him noticing.
He wound the window down. “Um, hi,” he said, offering a sheepish smile.
“What are you doing?” Fawn said.
She was wearing different clothes from the last time he saw her, now in a gray sweatshirt and jeans that looked too big for her. It occurred to him that he may have seen her, or he had glimpsed someone wearing a similar outfit about a minute earlier, but he thought nothing of it.
“I could ask you the same question,” he said.
“I saw your van parked over here, and so I came out to ask what you were doing.”
“Oh.”
His comeback wasn’t as clever as he thought it was. Nor was his hiding spot.
“Are you watching me?” Fawn said.
“No,” Rahul said, unconvincing.
“Are you sure? Because that’s what it looks like. You’re sitting in this van, in the middle of the night, and it’s directly facing my room.”
“Well ... I’m watching the door to your room. I wasn’t actually watching you. This is the first time I’ve seen you.”
This was another retort that he thought sounded clever until he heard it out loud.
“So Julian told you to keep an eye on me, did he?” Fawn said.
Rahul tallied the pros and cons of telling the truth versus making up something on the spot. Lying was not his strong suit. Nor was thinking under pressure.
“He asked us to make sure you didn’t leave the motel,” he said.
“Where does he think I’m going to go? My face is all over the news. I’d be recognized right away.”
He shrugged. “I’m only doing what he’s paying us to do. I don’t ask questions.”
“You’re not doing a very good job. I could have walked right past you and you wouldn’t have noticed.”
“Right. I suppose that’s true.”
She tapped her knuckles against the side of the van. “This thing is not exactly subtle, is it? If you want to stay undercover, maybe find something less conspicuous.”
“Uh, thanks. I’ll keep that in mind.” He could feel his body temperature rising. She seemed to enjoy making him uncomfortable.
“So Steven gets the room and you have to stay out here all night?”
“Steven?”
“He’s here too, isn’t he? I saw him yesterday. He’s in one of the rooms across from the laundry.”
“Well ... Julian’s only agreed to pay for one extra room.”
“I thought you said Julian was covering all your expenses?”
“Yeah, that’s what I thought too.”
“Huh. And you’ve been out here in the van every night, at least as far as I can tell.”
“Well, um ... Steven has a bad back, so it makes sense for him to sleep in the bed. And then I can sleep in there during the day, if I want. That’s what we agreed on, anyway.”
“That’s what you agreed on, or is that what Steven told you to do?”
Rahul went to speak, until he realized he didn’t know what he was supposed to say to that. 
“Was there anything I can help you with?” he said. “Or did you just come out here to make fun of me? Because if you did, you can take all your jokes and throw them away.”
There was the suggestion of a smile, before Fawn seemed to catch herself.
“Now that you mention it.” Her hand went into her pocket and came out clutching a handful of coins and crumpled bills. It was the money that he had given her a few nights prior. “If I’m going to be stuck in this place for another few days, I’m gonna need some more supplies. D’ya think you could go fetch me some?”
 
 
 
Chapter 24
 

The charity dinner had been a resounding success. Far more had been raised for muscular dystrophy than its organizer, Roger Scholz, could have ever anticipated. He had been quietly optimistic about bettering last year’s total of five-point-three million, but that figure had been surpassed early on in the evening, even before the commencement of the celebrity auction. They had smashed through the ten-million-dollar mark long before the night was over, and still the pledges kept pouring in.
Roger Scholz may have been a hedge fund manager whose net worth had more zeros than a line of binary code, but material comforts had never brought much fulfillment. Mansions and private jets were not his style, even if he did have one of each. Philanthropy was his true passion, more so as he grew older. You can’t take it with you, as the saying goes. He only continued to work on Wall Street because it allowed him to give back to those less fortunate.
A nervous couple approached as he waited outside the Peninsula Hotel for the valet to fetch his ride. He was struck by how young they appeared; these two couldn’t have been much older than his college age daughter. They introduced themselves and offered their gratitude for his tireless work, blinking back tears as they spoke of Ryan, their four-year-old son who had just been diagnosed. They were confused and distraught when the news came through, with no idea of what this would mean for their son’s future, but the support they received from the Scholz Foundation had been a godsend. It had given them hope that Ryan could grow up to lead a normal, fulfilling life. There was no way they could repay such generosity.
He modestly deflected these compliments and insisted that he was just one man doing his small part to make the world a better place. They were the real heroes, he told them. What they went through every day of their lives was more remarkable than any amount of money he could ever raise.
Moments like this made it all worthwhile. Others did charity work for the public recognition, or to absolve them of their guilt for living such indulgent lifestyles, or to pay less tax, but it wasn’t like that for him. This was his calling. The money may enrich the lives of countless people, most of whom he would never meet, but the truth was that nobody benefitted more than he did.
He and the young couple parted ways, just as a clapped-out van rumbled up behind him. He could smell it before he heard it. It was an atrocious looking vehicle, marked by deep indentations and patches of rust, malodorous black smoke spewing from its exhaust. Its faded brown-green paint job recalled the unappealing lunch meat his boarding school cafeteria served up as a child. The whole thing looked like it was held together by scotch tape.
The door opened, and the smiling young valet in a maroon waistcoat stepped out.
“It’s all yours, Mr. Scholz,” he said, gesturing to the vehicle’s open door. “Enjoy the rest of your night. Thank you for visiting the Peninsula Hotel.”
Roger Scholz responded with a stiff smile. He waited for the valet to realize his error. He had never seen this young man before. Perhaps he was new here. He certainly appeared to be new to the country.
“What is this?” he said.
“Is there a problem, sir?” the valet asked.
“Is there a problem?” Scholz repeated back at him. “There’s only a problem if you expect me to go within coughing distance of that unseemly pile of scrap metal and carbon monoxide fumes.”
This response only further confused the young man. He saw that he might need to speak slower and use simpler terms. His grasp of English may not have been strong.
“This is not my vehicle,” he said, enunciating his words as clearly as he could. “I don’t know who it belongs to, but it certainly doesn’t belong to me. The vehicle you need to bring me is a Porsche. A 911 Carrera. It’s silver, it’s about this high, it’s shaped like a, like ...” He struggled to come up with an appropriate Porsche-shaped simile. “You know what, no offense or anything, but I don’t feel comfortable with you retrieving my car. Is there someone else here I can speak with? Say, a manager, or a head valet, or–”
He would never receive an answer to his question, nor would he ever know that the van’s side door had slid open mid-discussion, and a beefy stranger had emerged unnoticed. All he would recall of the moment was being consumed by shock when those two bear-like arms were wrapped around him, pinning his arms to his chest.
His feet left the ground, and he was tossed inside. His arms were pulled behind his back and his wrists bound with cable ties. A black hood was pulled over his head.
Some forty minutes later, the hood was yanked off.
He was now on a chair in a bare room. An empty garage, or a warehouse. His hands were tied to the armrests, and his ankles to the chair’s legs. The cracked concrete floor was stained with grease. A blinking fluorescent light hung overhead. There was a kind of toxic burnt plastic smell.
Two women stood before him. One was a blonde, the other a brunette. They wore fishnets and short black skirts, as well as military jackets and caps adorned with Star of David insignia. Both stood a shade under six feet in their heeled boots.
“Shalom, Mr. Scholz,” the blonde said. “At last, we meet.”
“You are not an easy man to find, Mr. Scholz,” the brunette said. “We have schlepped across this fair land, from Dresden to Dusseldorf, trying to locate you.”
“What is going on here?” Roger Scholz’s eyes bounced from one woman to the other, sweat dripping down his face. He still hadn’t shaken the disorientation of his abduction ordeal. “Who are you people?”
“Allow me to make the introductions,” the blonde said. “My name is Hila, and this is Shoshanna. We’re sisters. She got the looks, but I inherited the brains, so it evens out.”
This was a perverse statement, given that both women were so striking in appearance that their beauty was almost frightening.
“What do you want with me?” Roger Scholz’s East Coast accent had softened. It had taken on an unmistakable German lilt. “What is this all about?”
“Please, Mr. Scholz,” Shoshanna said. “I admire your chutzpah, but let’s not play these silly games. You are a smart man. I assume you know who we are and what we do. You know why we are here, and you know who we are looking for. So what do you say we skip the mishegoss and you just come out with it?”
“Come out with what?” He pronounced it as “vot”.
“Tell us where they are. We know you are harboring Aryans. Our intelligence indicates that you are protecting as many as sixty blue-eyed, blonde-haired pure specimens of your master race. Is this correct?”
“No, no ... das ist nicht wahr!”
“You can deny it all you want, but we have all night.”
“Nein! I would never do such a thing!”
“Enough of this!” Hila slapped him across the face. The crack of her palm striking his cheek reverberated around the cavernous room. “We know what you have done!” she screamed, inches from his face. “We know who you are. We know everything about you! So just tell us where they are and we will let you go!”
“I promise ... bitte ... I have done nothing of the sort,” he said, close to weeping.
Hila held her glare for several seconds before her mouth twisted into smile. 
“Have it your way, Mr. Scholz.” She reached into the cloth bag by her feet and pulled out a small whip. Shoshanna did likewise, her hand emerging with a paddling board. “But be warned – you may be blessed with your towering intellect and genetic superiority, but we have ways of making goyim like you speak.”

 
“Here’s what’s gonna happen next, Julian,” Steven said. He cradled the phone in one hand and his fourth Heineken in the other. A smoldering Marlboro was wedged between his fingers. “We’ll hold her for one more day. Friday morning, at around five a.m., we’ll drop her off in the middle of nowhere. She’ll run to the nearest gas station screaming that she’s just escaped from the house she was being held captive in. This’ll be a hundred miles away from where we are now to throw the cops off the scent. The story will break a few hours later. That’ll give you a full day’s worth of publicity.”
He glanced around the bar to make sure there was no one within earshot. The place was mostly empty; just a handful of hicks propping up the bar, plus a group of tattooed and dreadlocked degenerates over by the stage where the band had set up. The name of the bar was the Poor House, and it was a five-minute drive from the Red Rambler Motor Inn. He had been coming in here whenever he had a few hours to kill, or when he was sick of staring at the four walls of his motel room.
A muted television played in the corner, above one of the pool tables. It was tuned in to Dan Rather on CBS. The hostage video Steven had shot played on the screen, as it had countless times over the past seventy-two hours. As expected, the story had made the small leap from the sensationalist tabloid programs to the mainstream news channels. NBC, CBS, ABC and CNN had all jumped on board. 
He still got a buzz every time he saw the video, knowing that it was being broadcast into millions of lounge rooms across the nation. The power of television was a remarkable thing. By now, more people had watched his video than last year’s Batman movie. He’d even heard that it had been shown on Indian television, probably due to the large following Pure N Simple had in that country.
The clip had been more effective than even he could have anticipated. A picture says a thousand words, or so they say, and a brief clip of a frightened young woman being terrorized by two anonymous captors did more than any press release or newspaper article ever could. It was also catnip for ratings-fixated TV producers – Hard Copy aired a four-minute segment the first night, the follow-up on the second night went for nine minutes, and most of last night’s episode was devoted exclusively to Fawn. This included an interview with Julian, another interview with an eyewitness, a segment on Fawn’s background with Pure N Simple, and a dramatic re-enactment of how they imagined the abduction had played out.
“After we’ve let her go, I’ll stop by your offices to collect the payment,” he continued. “Remember, it’s two and a half grand for the completion of the job, ten thousand for the extra publicity work, plus expenses. Let’s call it an even fifteen. I want it in cash. Make sure you have it ready for me.”
There was a lag before Julian responded. He appeared to be operating on a slight delay.
“There might be some issues with getting that much money in such a short–”
“Now that sounds like a you problem, not a me problem, doesn’t it? I don’t care what you have to do to get it. Sell a kidney. Hold up a bank. Do whatever you need to do, but that money better be ready for me to collect the day after tomorrow. If it’s not, there will be consequences. Do we have an understanding here?”
Julian mumbled through a response, just as his face filled the TV screen in the bar. He was speaking with a reporter earlier in the day. They had filmed in his office, where he made another impassioned plea to Fawn’s captors for her safe return. He again told viewers what a promising young talent she was, and how he had expected big things from her before these terrible events.
“And for god’s sake, make yourself presentable if you’re gonna step in front of a camera,” Steven said. “You look like you’ve just crawled out of a Mexican whorehouse. Clean yourself up. Lay off the bottle. Get a haircut. Tidy your office if you’re gonna allow people to film in there.”
Another three-second delay.
“Right. Right. Of course. I’ll talk to you later.”
Steven took a heavy drag on his cigarette before stubbing it out on a beer coaster. “You don’t sound too excited,” he said.
“What do you mean?”
“I’ve done everything I said I would. In fact, I delivered more than what I promised. I’ve held up my end of the bargain. Your girl’s face is on every television in every household across the nation. Most people would show some gratitude.”
“It’s great, but ...”
“But what?”
“The quarter of a million dollars.”
“What about it?”
“Why did you ask for that? A ransom–”
A tremendous racket smacked Steven between the ears. He looked across to the stage to see the band had started up. The dreadlocked and tattooed degenerates that he had assumed were waiting for the show to begin were in fact members of the band. The noise they created was like daggers slicing through his eardrums: jackhammering drums, guitars that were like a 747 taking off, and a front man whose vocal stylings lay somewhere between screaming, howling, and scatting. It was like grunge music, if a grunge band had traded their methadone for methamphetamines.
Their music was dirty, ugly and violent. They sounded just like Bakersfield felt.
He pressed the phone against one ear and his palm against the other, trying to make out what Julian was saying. “What?”
“I said a ransom wasn’t part of the plan,” Julian said.
“Don’t you think it woulda looked suspicious if a hostage video had been sent out without any demands?” Steven said, struggling to make himself heard over the din.
“But when I spoke with the police, I told them Fawn was being stalked by an obsessed fan. They might pick up on the inconsistency.”
“That’s one way of looking at it.” Steven dug a pill bottle from out of his back pocket. “Another way is that if the missing girl’s manager fed them a story that turned out to be bang on the money, they might wonder if he knew more than he was letting on. We had to throw in the ransom because a stalker wouldn’t send out a video.”
“But only rich people get kidnapped for ransom. Or people from rich families.”
“Which is why I only asked for two-fifty. Most ransoms are a million or more.”
“I’m just worried it complicates things. That’s all.”
“It’ll only complicate things if you let it complicate things. Stop overthinking it. You got what you wanted, didn’t you? Fawn is famous now. It worked. Doesn’t matter how it came about.”
He popped open the pill bottle. Two round white tablets went down his throat, helped along by a mouthful of tepid beer. He managed to spill much of it down his chin. Every now and then, fatigue made him lose control of his motor skills.
“We’re almost done here, Julian,” he said, wiping his mouth against his sleeve. “Against all odds, and despite your ineptitude, we’re actually gonna pull this off. So as long as no one does anything stupid from here on out, and as long as nobody tries to screw anyone else over, we’re gonna get through it.”
 
 
 
Chapter 25
 

“This one we call the ‘Reverse Nazi’ experience,” Rahul said as the videotape disappeared into the VCR slot. “Don’t tell Steven about this. He’ll eat my head if he finds out I showed you. I really shouldn’t be showing it to anyone.”
He pressed play on the remote. The screen was filled with the image of a sweating, white-haired man in a rumpled suit. He was slumped in a chair with his hands and legs bound.
Two towering women bursting from their skimpy military uniforms stood either side. They played the role of Mossad agents and spoke in exaggerated Israeli-via-Brooklyn Jewish accents. His accent was Hogan’s Heroes-German.
Ever since Fawn had heard about these staged kidnappings, she had become curious as to what they entailed. She had asked Rahul to let her watch one of the tapes. He was reluctant at first, but she talked him into it.
“Are you telling me that what they’re doing here is so common you have a name for it?” she said.
“I don’t know how common it is,” Rahul said. “As far as I know, this client is the only one who requests it. But this is the fourth time we’ve done it for him.”
Fawn squinted slightly as she studied the bizarre scene playing out on screen. “I’m not sure I even want to know what’s going on here.”
“Well, fantasies involving Nazis are kind of common in our line of work,” he said. “I don’t know why, but we’ve had a lot of people asking to be beaten and degraded by women in Nazi uniforms. Probably because it’s such a taboo. So I guess this is the flipside – he’s playing the helpless Nazi, and the two women are the Nazi hunters.”
“This has to be one of the most disturbing things I’ve ever seen,” Fawn said, observing the tableau with a mixture of repulsion and perverse fascination.
“It’s actually one of the tamer ones,” Rahul said. “At least he keeps his clothes on throughout the whole thing. Some of the other clients request the strangest things you can imagine. I don’t even know how they can enjoy it. Maybe they don’t. Maybe they just want to do something that no one else has ever done. Some are quite well-known too, the type you’d never suspect. You’d be surprised by what some people get up to behind closed doors.”
Fawn couldn’t help letting out a small laugh. “Hey, I spent several years around the Church of the Holy Brethren,” she said, her hand reaching for the open Doritos packet positioned between the two of them. “I’m well aware that what people do in private can be very different from how they behave in public.”
A small handful of corn chips went in her mouth, and she tried not to think about how many calories she had needlessly consumed during her time in the motel. She had already polished off a tub of full-fat, full-sugar yoghurt today, as well as a Mars bar and half a packet of choc-chip cookies. Her motivation for exercise had faded away to nothing.
She now avoided scales like they were radioactive and mirrors like they were portals into hell. She wasn’t ready to confront the self-inflicted damage just yet.
“Is this what all your jobs are like?” she said.
Rahul shrugged. “Some are, some aren’t. Every client has their own thing that they’re into, and no two are the same. A lot involve some kind of weird fetish. For others, we do the kidnapping part and that’s it. Some people just want to be abducted and tied up to add a bit of excitement to their lives.”
Four more Doritos were devoured. Fawn promised herself that those were the last ones, and she would put the packet away after that. She wasn’t even hungry, and yet she was still stuffing her face like she was preparing for winter hibernation.
“I don’t know if anyone has ever told you this, but you have a really weird job,” she said.
“Yeah. I guess it was weird when I started doing it, but after a while you just kind of accept it and go along with it.”
Some more of the tape played. Fawn wondered at what point she should let Rahul know that she’d seen enough. Things might become uncomfortable if this went on for too much longer. She had only expected him to play a couple of minutes, not show the whole thing from beginning to end.
“So is this really what you want to do with your life?” She said this more to fill a gap in the conversation than from genuine curiosity.
“What do you mean?”
“Don’t take this the wrong way, but it seems like you could be doing something more meaningful. You’re obviously good at things like filming and editing, and all the rest of that. There’s enough work available in that field, especially in LA, so I’m sure you could get a proper job if you tried. Wouldn’t you rather be doing that instead of having to film Nazi roleplays and putting up with Steven ordering you around all the time?”
The look on Rahul’s face suggested this was the first time he had ever considered this. “I don’t know. It pays money. This is a job, like any other job.”
“What you guys do is nothing like any other job. Even by LA standards, this is pretty sleazy.”
The paddle and whip made an appearance just as she said this.
“I think lot of people would say the music industry is pretty sleazy, too,” Rahul said.
“Of course it is, but this is ... I don’t know, this doesn’t seem right. It’s a whole new level of creepiness.”
“It’s a few people doing strange things behind closed doors. I’d say it’s worse to make everyone believe you’ve been kidnapped and are being held hostage.”
Fawn opened her mouth to respond, until she realized she had nothing to say to that. She reached for the Doritos again without being conscious of what she was doing. She promised herself that those were the last ones. The packet would go away after that.
“Okay, fair point,” she said. “But you don’t need to remind me how insane this whole thing is. I know it’s unethical, and it’s probably illegal too, but this is the reality of the industry. If you want to get anywhere, you have to debase yourself in one way or another. Everyone does it, by the way, from the biggest stars down. They all have something in their past that they’re not proud of. It’s just something no one ever talks about.”
Just then, she heard Julian’s words coming out of her own mouth. He may as well have been in the room right now, controlling her like a ventriloquist. She had been with him for so long that she had started to think like him.
“And look, who knows whether any of this will really work,” she continued. “I know how stupid it is. Chances are it’ll blow up in my face and I’ll regret everything. But I also don’t want to die wondering. So that’s why I’m here.”
She reached for the Doritos again. She stopped when she realized what she was doing, before deciding that she no longer cared about counting calories. To hell with it all. At that moment, eating pieces of fried cornbread coated in salt and chemical flavoring was the one thing that gave her pleasure. She grabbed as many as she could fit in one hand.
Neither one said anything for a moment. It felt like the air had been sucked out of the room.
The tape continued to play, and the atmosphere grew more uncomfortable. The nightly screaming match between the young couple in the room next door filtered through the walls.
Rahul eventually spoke.
“You want to hear about the dumbest thing me and Steven have done lately?” he said.
“It can’t be any worse than participating in your own kidnapping,” Fawn said with her mouth half full.
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that. This happened about two weeks ago. We had been booked for a job by this guy called Tony Okura. It was a fairly simple job. Or at least we thought it was fairly simple.”
He went on to explain the situation that had brought them to where they were now: the mistaken identity, the botched kidnapping, the threats from Tony Okura, and Supreme Seizures’ twenty-five-thousand-dollar debt to a member of the Yakuza.
Fawn listened to the story. She managed to laugh more than once at the improbable sequence of events.
“Do you think maybe the two of you should consider a different career?” she said. “Or at least start using some sort of code word. You know, just to make sure you definitely have the right person.”
“That’s really not a bad idea,” Rahul said. “But anyway, that’s how we ended up where we are now, doing this job. Normally we would have turned it down, but we needed the money, so we couldn’t.”
“Wait, so that other dude, the one you took by mistake,” Fawn said, brushing some orange corn chip residue off her fingers and wiping her hands on the green and aqua parachute tracksuit top she was now wearing. “He’s walking around one day minding his own business, and the next thing he knows he’s in the back of a van being mauled by four women prisoners. What happened to him?”
“We don’t know. We took him back to the place we picked him up from, and we never saw him again.”
“So you don’t know who it was?”
“No, we have no idea. Just some guy off the street. Don’t even know his name. I can’t imagine what effect that whole experience must have–”
There was the sound of a key sliding into a lock. Rahul and Fawn both looked to the door. The handle rattled. Steven had returned.
A sharp panic hit. They had forgotten that he was the one with the key to the room.
Rahul fumbled for the remote. He couldn’t make his hands move fast enough. He pounded on the stop button, but the video still played.
The door opened, just as he made a lunge for the VCR.
Steven stepped inside. He cast his eyes around the room. Fawn was in the armchair, while Rahul sat awkwardly on the floor in front of the television. They looked back without speaking. He was like the grownup who had walked in on two children, both of whom were trying to look as if they had been on their best behavior while he was away.
Fawn silently bemoaned the fact that even in a motel room, she had to deal with strange men walking in on her without knocking.
“What are you doing?” Steven said. It sounded like an accusation, and it probably was. 
“We ... we’re just watching TV,” Rahul said.
This was followed by a silence that lasted far too long. The relaxed vibe had been shattered. They knew Steven had been drinking, even if he wasn’t showing any obvious signs of inebriation.
Fawn tried to deflate the tension. “We’re watching, um ...” The video had stopped, and the regular television schedule had taken its place. “Beverly Hills, 90210. You can watch it with us too, if you want.”
The scene currently being broadcast depicted actors Brian Austin Green and Ian Ziering, in their respective roles of David Silver and Steve Sanders, discussing their plans to turn the Peach Pit into an after-hours club.
The glare that Steven fired in Fawn’s direction was enough to make her recoil. He seemed grumpier than his usual choleric self. A simple invitation to watch television had somehow caused great offense.
Out the corner of her eye, she noticed Rahul give a slight shake of his head, motioning for her to say no more.
“You know you’re not supposed to turn the television on,” Steven finally said, once again sounding like a grownup admonishing two children.
“I know, I know,” Fawn said. “We just thought it would be okay if we kept it on Fox and stayed away from the news channels.”
Another drawn-out silence. Steven looked like he was about to say more on the subject before changing his mind.
“I just spoke with Julian,” he said. “We’re gonna end this early Friday morning. We’ll drive for about an hour and then let you go. I know a good place to do it. Make sure you’re ready. You have all day tomorrow to prepare yourself and get your story straight. Got it?”
Fawn nodded, and Steven departed as abruptly as he’d arrived.
A self-conscious hush lingered in his absence. The easy rapport that Fawn and Rahul enjoyed a few minutes earlier had left with him.
Rahul reached for the VCR. He pressed the eject button.
“I guess this means tomorrow is your last day as a normal person,” he said. He picked himself up off the floor, stashed the videocassette underneath his t-shirt, and he made his way toward the door. “Enjoy it. You’re about to become very famous.”
 
 
 
Chapter 26
 

Steven’s fist pounded against the door of an on-campus dorm. He knocked again, harder, to make himself heard over the Public Enemy track coming from within.
The music went down, and the door opened.
The first thing he noticed was the movie posters on the far wall, directly in his line of sight. One was for Malcom X, the other for Boyz n the Hood. His eyes were drawn to this due to the contrast with the freshman standing before him with a headful of copper curls, a face full of acne, and skin so pale he could disappear in a light fog.
“You Aaron?” he said.
“You must be Steve,” the kid with the sideways baseball cap and gold dollar sign pendant said. He must have been two shades away from albinism.
With a single glance, Steven could guess this guy’s backstory: a dweeb from some backwater in Oregon or Minnesota who survived high school by hiding out in the A/V room, now studying film at UCLA with dreams of reinventing himself and leaving his awkward past behind. Life ambition was to become a hotshot filmmaker so he could shove his success in the faces of his hometown tormentors, and perhaps finally rid himself of his virginity.
“It’s Steven,” he said. “And this is the camera I told you about.”
He unzipped his tattered Adidas bag and removed a Toshiba IK-1850. He had purchased the camera in 1987, and it had served him well across a number of diverse projects in the years since. He had used it to film the lavish wedding of a well-known newsreader a couple of years ago, as well as a late-night ad for a psychic hotline last January. Many scenes from The Mantis Club had been shot with this camera. It had also been used on his most widely-viewed work to date – the four-minute clip that he had assembled earlier in the week.
He handed it to Aaron, who tried to make it seem like the twenty-five-pound weight was nothing his pipe cleaner arms couldn’t handle. He poked at the switches and controls, then with no small effort, he propped it up on his shoulder to look through the viewfinder.
“It still works alright?” Aaron said with only a slight strain in his voice.
“Of course it still works,” Steven said.
“And it’s not stolen?”
“No. It’s not stolen. I have the receipt at home if you wanna see it.”
He didn’t have a clue where the receipt was, or if he even still had it, but he figured this kid wouldn’t care with a deal this good.
Aaron lifted the camera off his shoulder and lowered it to the floor. He fingered the gold stud in his ear and adopted his best thinking pose, as if he was yet to make up his mind. “I’ll give you four-fifty for it,” he eventually said.
Steven just looked at him. After everything he had been through these past few days, he was in no mood to be jerked around. He was only parting with the camera because he was desperate. There was zero chance he would be talked down to a lower price by someone who looked like he still had his lunch money stolen.
He also wanted to smack him across the side of the head for his pronunciation of “fifty” as “fitty” – one of those toe-curling affectations indulged in by every middle-class white teen with a BET subscription. Here was a guy who wanted everyone to know he was down with the brothers, even though he likely barricaded himself in his room for weeks on end during last year’s riots.
“No, you’ll give me seven hundred, like we agreed over the phone.” He said “hundred” as “hunnard”, although the kid was probably too dense to realize he was being mocked.
“Seven hunnard was your asking price,” Aaron said with an oblivious shrug. “Now we’re negotiating.”
Steven’s fuse was rapidly diminishing, although he had come to expect this. In his experience, rich kids were always the hardest to get money out of.
“Alright, so let’s negotiate,” he said, folding his arms. “Either you give me seven hundred dollars right now for this two-thousand-dollar camera, or I’m gonna conduct an experiment. The experiment will be to figure out which object is harder to break: that–” He pointed to the Toshiba IK-1850 on the floor. “Or a human head. This will be determined by me placing my foot on the back of your neck and dropping the camera on top of your head over and over until one of them cracks. Now, you look like you’ve got a pretty thick skull, but my money’s still on the camera. Once I’ve done that, I’ll take your money, and whatever else I can find in there, as compensation for having my time wasted. So do you wanna do that, or do you have another counter-offer?”
 
 
One hour later, Steven approached the entry of his Reseda base with seven hundred dollars in his pocket and a feeling of dyspeptic trepidation in his stomach. The front door was hanging wide open. There was a splintered hole where there was once a lock. It had either been kicked in or crowbarred open. As soon as he’d pulled up, he knew what had happened.
Tony Okura’s goons had paid him another visit.
He breathed a little easier when he found the place unoccupied. Nothing had been stolen, but only because there was nothing left to steal – he had moved most of his belongings into a storage locker a week ago. Tony Okura had been making his presence felt via his henchmen ever since the debt was declared, leaving constant reminders of the rapidly approaching deadline. He knew it was only a matter of time before they tried to tear the place apart or strip it of anything of value.
Everything was as he’d left it, with two exceptions: the busted door, and a photocopied newspaper article left on his desk.
These articles had been arriving on a near-daily basis over the past two weeks, either stuffed through his mail slot, pinned to the front door, or shoved under his car’s windscreen wipers. This was the first time they had left one on the inside of his premises. He knew the purpose of these articles was to intimidate him – something they had been quite successful in doing – but this was bordering on overkill, and the point had well and truly been made. He had a fair idea of what they would do to him if he didn’t come up with the money by the end of the month.
This latest article was from July of the previous year. It told of a man found by passers-by in a back alley in Koreatown, beaten to within an inch of his life. He was an employee at one of Tony Okura’s nightclubs, and he was suspected of being an FBI informant. Along with the bloodied face and broken bones, his assailants had cut off his tongue before sewing his lips together with fishing wire.
The metaphor employed here to deal with a snitch was obvious, if a little heavy-handed. They only needed to do one or the other to get their point across. Doing both seemed excessive.
He tossed the article into the bottom drawer of his desk, along with all the others.
As daunting as this was, at least there was light at the end of the tunnel. They would finish the job tonight, and he would collect his money from Julian tomorrow. There was a better than average chance that he would make it through this ordeal with all his extremities attached.
But he was not out of the woods yet. The payment for the job, along with a couple of others he had done over the past week and a half, would bring him to just over $21,000. He still needed to find another four thousand dollars in less than a week. Still, it was a phenomenal effort to have come as far as he had. When this all started, finding a spare twenty-five grand in a month seemed like an insurmountable task. It was surprising what you could achieve with enough motivation.
He just needed that last little bit. Finding that final four grand was like trying to lose those last ten pounds.
He had placed a few classified ads to sell his equipment, which was something he really did not want to do. Not only would this whole bungled kidnapping debacle end up depleting his savings, but it would also delay completion of The Mantis Club by several years. Every time he thought he was getting close to finishing his film, another setback would push him back. Still, he needed every dollar he could get his hands on. Cameras and mics could be replaced, whereas fingers and tongues could not.
He could apply for a short-term loan, although he might struggle to find anyone willing to lend him the money. His credit rating was abysmal – he had maxed out multiple credit cards over the years trying to finance his film – and he had nothing to put up as collateral. The only people likely to lend him money were the ones who would do exactly what Tony Okura promised to do if he couldn’t pay them back.
He had also been reaching out to his regular Supreme Seizure clients to offer a one-time-only fifty percent discount on their next simulated kidnapping experience. Getting in touch was not always easy, though – he couldn’t just call them up and leave a message with a secretary, or on an answering machine for the wife and kids to hear. He had to reach them directly. The few times he had managed to speak with a client, he had been told in no uncertain terms never to call again unless they had contacted him first.
Carrying out another four or five jobs was the preferred solution for coming up with the required cash. There was one other thing he could do, but it would be an absolute last resort: blackmail.
Approximately two-thirds of Supreme Seizures’ clients requested a filmed souvenir of their experience, and Steven kept duplicate copies of all the tapes, even though he assured them he hadn’t. The idea of extortion didn’t sit well with him, but he might not have a choice. Many clients were prominent figures in the community, and almost all were in the highest tax bracket. He only needed to select one – someone who would pay up immediately and be unlikely to seek reprisals. Four thousand dollars to keep your most embarrassing secrets out of public view was a pretty good deal, especially given that most would be willing to pay a lot more. Maybe he’d ask for ten thousand, just so he’d have enough to get back on his feet once this was all over. Or he could approach two or three former clients to demand ten thousand dollars apiece. In for a penny, in for a pound, and all that.
But he would only go down that route if all else failed. Blackmail was a serious crime, and it would destroy what was now his biggest source of income. It would also create some unnecessary enemies, and he had enough of those already.
He closed the place up as best he could with the busted lock, shoving a doorjamb under the bottom of the door from the inside to hold it shut, and he exited the premises by crawling out a side window. The stabbing pain in his back meant this took about three times longer than it normally would.
He settled in behind the wheel of his ’78 Pinto and started the engine, and he prepared for the long drive back to Bakersfield by downing a small handful of Mini Thins. These were the amphetamine-laced pep pills that kept long haul truckers awake for days at a time, and they had been keeping him going for the past week and a half. They were no substitute for a proper night’s sleep, but they were the next best thing for fighting off exhaustion. Sleep was a luxury he couldn’t afford right now, other than a brief nap here and there. He would have plenty of time to sleep when this was all over. Until then, he would power through with diet pills, strong coffee and loud rock music.
It was unfortunate that the first song he heard when he switched on the radio was by the Spin Doctors. He needed something to get the blood pumping, not make him want to steer into oncoming traffic. KROQ had really lost their way in recent years. The station that had introduced punk rock and British heavy metal to American audiences was now playing limp novelty songs by this beardy tie-dyed throwback band.
He scanned the dial for something more his era. He heard one station playing that Whitney Houston song from The Bodyguard that made his ears ache. He kept scanning. There was a commercial for a car dealership, and then something by Michael Bolton, then that same shrieking Whitney Houston song from The Bodyguard. The next station played Genesis – mediocre mid-eighties corporate Genesis, not wigged-out seventies prog masters Genesis – and the one after that had two people droning on about rising crime rates among inner city youth. The next song he heard was a different Whitney Houston track from The Bodyguard soundtrack.
He flicked to the next station on the dial, and he heard Fawn’s name being mentioned.
 

“... and you believe Ms. de Jager was targeted specifically due to her association with the Church of the Holy Brethren?” the host said.
“There is no doubt in my mind,” the guest replied. “This is yet another assault on Christian values. And it is happening more and more. There has never been a harder time in our history to be a Christian.”
“Oh, no question,” the host said. “Christians are the most persecuted group in all of society.”
“I wish I could say this awful kidnapping has surprised me, but it hasn’t,” the guest said. “It was only a matter of time. When you allow family values to degrade the way they have, when you tolerate divorce and abortion and music with negative messages for so long, this is the only logical outcome. But I have to say, the response from our congregation has been most inspiring. Several generous donors have dug deep to make contributions toward the ransom that these godless reprobates have demanded. We’ve been in contact with Ms. de Jager’s manager, and we are confident of securing her release as early as Friday. Any excess funds will be put toward a new campaign that aims to educate parents on the dangers that rock and rap music pose to their children, as well as lobbying our leaders to make it harder for minors to purchase records that contain potentially harmful messages–”
 

Steven was so distracted by what he was hearing and his reflexes so blunted by fatigue that he hadn’t noticed the bus in front of him had slowed. His foot didn’t touch the brake pedal until the last possible moment. Even then, he wouldn’t have stood a chance of stopping in time. A collision was only averted when he pulled on the wheel and swerved right.
The Pinto’s front wheel mounted the curb. A parking meter took off the side mirror and gouged part of the door. He finally came to a stop.
His fingernails dug into the steering wheel. His pulse hammered at three beats per second. It took a moment for the shock and the fury to subside.
Everything he had just heard ricocheted inside his head.
Fawn.
The video.
The ransom.
The Church of the Holy Brethren.
The dollar figure that he had plucked out of thin air.
Somehow, it had all coalesced. The money was there. The ransom he had come up with as an afterthought was about to be paid. Without even trying, he had summoned a quarter of a million dollars into existence.
That money would be in Julian’s hands tomorrow. Not if he had anything to do with it.
He reversed off the curb, and he pulled out onto the road. He drove until he found a hardware store.
 
 
 
Chapter 27
 

Thursday night, ten-thirty p.m.
In real terms, Fawn had been inside room twenty-three of the Red Rambler Motor Inn for six days, five hours and thirty-two minutes, but it felt so much longer. She remembered a schoolteacher once quoting Einstein when explaining the concept of relativity: two hours sitting with a pretty girl feels like a minute, whereas holding your hand on a hot stove for a minute feels like two hours.
Holding her hand on a hot stove seemed like an apt way of describing the past week of her life.
Just a few more hours, she told herself. Then she would be free of this place forever.
A movie played. It was A Few Good Men, one of the rental videos Rahul had dropped off to help pass the time. It looked like something she might have enjoyed had she watched it at any other time, but the story became incomprehensible after about ten minutes. She was too distracted, unable to stop her thoughts from drifting. All she could think about was that these were the final hours of her life as she knew it.
It still hadn’t sunk in that she was about to become famous. Or she already was famous, she supposed. Famous in theory. It wouldn’t become real until tomorrow though, which was when the blizzard would hit. It would undoubtably be intense, but if she wasn’t ready for it now, she never would be. She had been preparing her whole life for this, even if she doubted it would ever eventuate – especially as the years passed. The most remarkable part was that Julian was the one who had made it happen. This hairbrained scheme of his had come off, in a clumsy and maladroit kind of way, right when she was this close to giving up. She now had a chance to make something of her life, as long as she didn’t blow it.
That hostage video, though. There was still a nagging sense of guilt over her participation in that, and she hadn’t slept well ever since it was sent out. Even when they were shooting it, she knew how abhorrent it was, like they were serious overstepping the mark by doing this, but by that stage she was too exhausted to say no, and too defeated to resist. She had gone this far. One more terrible decision wouldn’t make much of a difference.
She tried not to think about it. The damage had been done, and there was no turning back.
Besides, there were a million other things for her to stress over besides the video. First and foremost was the situation with her parents. She now realized that she should have asked Julian to pass along a message to tell them not to worry about her. It was too late now, so it didn’t matter, and he probably wouldn’t have done it anyway, since he wouldn’t have taken any chances in having the story leak.
Still, she couldn’t help but imagine their reactions when they heard the news. Did they drop everything to fly to LA, her mom from Bali, her dad from whatever hovel he was living in now? Had her mom given a tearful on-camera plea to her daughter’s kidnappers, begging for Fawn to be let go? Julian would give a kidney for that sort of publicity. Although if anyone was likely to plant themselves in front of a camera, it would be Jerry Dijksman. He was probably rushing back right now, desperate to get his face on TV and figure out a way to make a buck from the whole situation.
Fawn had delayed dealing with her fraught parental situation, but she couldn’t put it off forever. There would be awkward reunions to endure at some point, quite possibly involving both parents at the same time. Hopefully not on camera, though. Julian would surely try talking her into it, but she’d have to draw the line somewhere. And would they ever know the truth about what really happened, or would she be forced to keep up the lie once she was free? She probably wouldn’t be able to tell her dad, since she didn’t trust him to keep his mouth shut. Her mom could keep it a secret, if only because she would be mortified to learn that her daughter had agreed to take part in such a scheme. 
The most likely scenario involved Fawn having to deceive both parents for as long as they were alive.
Her father had walked out on them when she was fourteen, with only irregular contact in the years since. Sometimes two or three years would pass before he would blow in and out of her life, turning up without notice and then leaving just as abruptly. He took off with a much younger woman, marrying and divorcing her within two years. There was one other marriage that Fawn knew about, and maybe one or two more. She’d heard whispers of half-siblings sired somewhere along the way, although she never received any official confirmation; just hints and allusions from those she knew that were still within Jerry’s orbit. If they did exist, she had never met any of them, although it was entirely possible that Jerry hadn’t met them either. Her father was an incorrigible scam artist, still trying to make something of himself, always convinced his big break was just around the corner. In that respect, perhaps Fawn had more in common with her old man than she liked to admit.
Marcia was not to be outdone in the apathetic parenting stakes. Working in her new job as a cocktail waitress once Jerry had left, she spent the years following her divorce combining business with pleasure, enjoying the company of a string of unsuitable men, most of whom had slipped her their number while she was on the job. She knew she had a small window of opportunity to land another husband while she was still young-ish and attractive; preferably one with better prospects than her first. Most came and went within a month or two, often when they realized they didn’t want to be a father figure to a sulky teenager, but she hit paydirt when she met Barry. He was the owner of a chain of boating stores, and almost twenty years her senior with three children from his two previous ex-wives. His eldest daughter was only two years younger than his new wife.
Marcia embraced upper middle-class life like a long-lost friend. She developed a taste for luxury goods and expensive restaurants, and she took every opportunity to flaunt her new lifestyle in front of her ex-husband. As far as she was concerned, she had enacted the ultimate ex-wife revenge, and her remarriage was a victory for scorned women everywhere.
Fawn never warmed to Barry, although she didn’t make much of an effort to, and any feelings of animosity appeared mutual. When she first accepted that he would be sticking around, she thought there would be a silver lining to having a wealthy stepfather, especially after living much of her life drifting in and out of poverty, but she soon found this not to be the case. Barry was a bootstrapper, a “self-made man”, as he liked to remind everyone, talking up his early struggles while conveniently glossing over the many advantages he had enjoyed throughout his life. He loathed the idea of handouts, and any request for money, regardless of the size or the necessity of the purchase, was met with a stern lecture about the importance of hard work and self-sufficiency. It often seemed that Barry had done all the parenting he was ever going to do with his older children, and he had no desire to be any kind of a father to Fawn. At times it seemed like Marcia had taken a similar attitude; she’d had enough of this whole mothering shebang, and it was time to let loose and enjoy herself.
Several combative years were spent under Barry’s roof before he took an early retirement, and he and Marcia decamped to their second home in Bali. This happened within two months of Fawn turning eighteen. It may have been a coincidence, but she couldn’t help but wonder if they had been counting the days until they were legally allowed to ditch her. Whatever the reason, Fawn wasn’t too upset to have some distance between her and them. She took on extra shifts at Wendy’s and moved into a new place with Karli and two other friends, while her mother and Barry spent six months out of every year on the opposite side of the globe.
A year later, she and Karli made the move from San Francisco to Los Angeles to pursue their musical dreams.
 
 
The credits rolled and the movie ended. Fawn ended up looking at a blue screen.
It was now past eleven o’clock, but she wasn’t tired. There was another videocassette that Rahul had rented – this one was My Cousin Vinny, which she had already watched. She thought about putting it on again, but she decided not to. The TV went off.
Only then did she look around the room and notice the state it was in. She didn’t know how someone who had checked into a motel with no luggage had managed to create such a mess, but a week in solitary confinement had turned her into someone who did nothing but lie around and shovel junk food into her mouth without bothering to clean up after herself. This place had messed with her mind and drained the ambition out of her. It was troubling how effortless the transition had been, like slovenliness was hardwired into her DNA. She assured herself that this was only a temporary state, and as soon as she was out of here she would return to her ultra-disciplined ways.
And still there was an urge to indulge in one final blow-out and finish off what remained of the junk food. She quickly banished the thought; there was a risk that the compulsive eating tendencies she’d developed over the past week would be difficult to shake once she had left the motel. These next few days were vital. She needed to break the habit right away and get her routine back on track. She needed to detox, and the longer she left it the harder it would be.
She gathered the remaining food into a pile and dumped it in the trash. Even then, she didn’t trust herself not to rummage through it in an hour’s time to retrieve what she had thrown out. Given what she had become over the last few days, she wouldn’t put anything past her. It needed to be disposed of properly. She opened the bottles of Pepsi and Mountain Dew and tipped what was left of them down the sink. The Doritos and cookies were crushed up and then flushed. The candy bars were unwrapped and tossed out the back window for the birds and rodents to fight over.
Within half an hour, the food was gone and the room was in a much more respectable condition. The physical activity had also lifted her mood. If she couldn’t sleep, then she needed to keep herself occupied for the rest of the night, or at least until she wore herself out. The worst thing she could do right now was sit in silence and allow her neuroses to get the better of her.
She switched the television on, just so she would have something playing in the background, but she turned it off again when she remembered what Julian had told her about avoiding all media until this was over. Steven had passed the message along, shortly after the video was sent out. “Just do what he tells you,” he warned her at the time. “It’s for your own sanity.”
There was a clock radio next to the bed. That was a better option, as long as she kept it on a station that only played music.
It was tuned in to a local Bakersfield station when she switched it on. She heard voices – three obnoxious DJs trading witty banter.
She only needed to hear a handful of words to know what the topic of discussion was.
“If you haven’t heard the news, Fawn de Jager, one half of Pure N Simple, disappeared last week and has not been seen or heard from since,” one of the hosts said.
“One half of Pure N Simple?” another host snickered. “More like two-thirds.”
This quip was met with guffaws of laughter.
A shudder passed through her. If there was one thing that Fawn did not need to hear right now, it was this. She scrambled to switch the radio off, pressing the off button, but the mockery continued. The radio was so old that it was almost an antique. Bing Crosby’s voice might have been the first thing to have ever come out its speakers.
She jabbed at the off button again and again. Nothing happened. It would not stop.
“If you’ve never heard of Pure N Simple, well, consider yourself lucky,” the first host said, provoking further laughter. “They were an atrocious Christian indoctrination tool that disappeared in the early eighties and have also, thankfully, never been seen or heard from since.”
She tried changing the station by turning the dial on the side. This instead turned up the volume. It wouldn’t go back down.
“What do you think she’s going through right now?” a female host said. “Do you think she’s being tortured by her captors? Or do you think she’s torturing them with her singing?”
More cackles of laugher, the kind that acknowledged the tastelessness of the joke while still endorsing it.
She pressed more buttons, trying them all, but nothing could make it stop.
“Come on, come on,” she pleaded, her desperation mounting.
“Didn’t I tell you this was going to happen?” a voice inside the room said.
Fawn leaped up off the bed like it had been set on fire.
She looked around, but no one was there. It was just her, alone in the room. She knew who this was, though. It was a voice she knew all too well. It had been a presence in her life for longer than she cared to remember.
It was the Whispering Cynic, the vocal manifestation of her every doubt and insecurity. But its malicious musings were no longer confined to the inside her head. It was now right there next to her.
“I told you not to go through with this, but you didn’t listen,” the voice said, clear as day. “Now look at what you’ve done. You’ve gone and humiliated yourself in front of the entire world.”
“Shut up!” she said.
The taunting on the radio continued.
“I tell ya, I went to a Christian girl’s school, and I was tortured by hours and hours of Pure N Simple’s music,” the female host said. “I don’t care what crime you’ve committed, that surely contravenes the Geneva Convention.”
Fawn yanked the cord and pulled the plug from the wall. But the radio stayed on.
“You didn’t really expect this to work, did you?” the Whispering Cynic said. “This was always going to end this way. Everyone is laughing at you.”
“You’re not real,” Fawn said. “None of this is real. I’m just going crazy. That’s all.”
“The kidnappers have demanded two hundred and fifty thousand dollars for Fawn de Jager’s safe return,” the first host said. “We’re hoping to raise one million dollars so we can convince them to keep her.”
There was more laughter. It was almost as if they could see her, stuck in her room, smashing her fist against a malfunctioning clock radio, slowly losing her mind.
“Did you really think fame would make you stop hating yourself?” the Whispering Cynic said.
“Did you think it would make people like you more?” it said.
“Did you think it would make you more like Karli?” it said.
“She was the only real friend you ever had,” it said.
“You creeped her out so much that she had to move to the other side of the world to get away from you,” it said.
“Shut up and leave me alone!” she screamed.
 
 
 
Chapter 28
 

As was often the case when trying to stay awake, Rahul hadn’t realized he had nodded off until a second or two after he had awoken. It was a sharp tap tap tap against the glass that had roused him. The tapping came from a balaclava-clad figure on the other side of the van’s window.
The opening of his eyes was followed by a sudden full body spasm and a semi-repressed shriek.
The dark human shape on the opposite side of the glass silenced him with an index finger to his lips, before the balaclava was lifted and Steven’s face was revealed to be underneath. He gestured for him to open the door.
“What’s going on?” Rahul said as he stepped out of the van, disoriented, his head in two places at once, his pulse running at double speed. He didn’t know what time it was. It could have been eleven p.m., or it could have been four a.m. “What are you doing? Why are you wearing that?”
“There’s been a change of plans.”
Steven carried a plastic shopping bag, from which he pulled a second balaclava. The price tag was still attached.
“Here, put this on,” he said, thrusting the garment in Rahul’s direction.
“Put it on? What are–”
“Shut up and listen. This is what’s gonna happen. I’m gonna go into that room, and I’m gonna hold Fawn down and shove a pillow over her face so she can’t scream.”
“You’re going to what?”
“What I want you to do is use this rope here, first to tie up her legs, and then her wrists.” He produced a coil of rope from the bag. “Once that’s done, we’ll throw her in the back of the van and take her to this place I know. It’s an old shack on the way to Fresno. It’s in the middle of nowhere. I don’t think anyone lives there. Nobody did the last time I checked, anyway. It’s probably still empty, unless squatters have moved in.”
Steven made no effort at being discreet. He spoke as if there weren’t dozens of strangers trying to sleep in the surrounding rooms.
“You want to kidnap her for real?” Rahul kept his voice low in the hope that Steven would do likewise.
“You catch on real fast, Sherlock. Yeah, we’re gonna kidnap her for real. Then we’re gonna hold her and we’re not gonna let her go until we get that money.”
“Get that ... what do you mean?” Rahul was still trying to piece everything together and figure out what Steven was talking about. He wasn’t having much success. Steven appeared to be carrying on a conversation that he had started with himself hours ago.
“Julian has all this publicity now – publicity that I created for him when he failed. But it’s not gonna be worth anything to him if he doesn’t have the girl, is it?”
“But what ... why ...” The more Rahul heard, the less he understood. “I still don’t get–”
“What part of this don’t you get, Rahul? Julian, that sneaky British mongoloid, he has the money! My money! He has it, and he was gonna keep it all for himself. After I did all the work!”
“But what money–”
“The ransom money! What else would this be about?” He was almost shouting now. A light from a nearby room came on. “It’s come through. It worked! And he thought we wouldn’t find out!”
“Wait ... are you telling me someone has paid the two hundred and fifty thousand dollars?” Just saying this out loud seemed absurd.
“Yes! And he’s tryin’ to take it from us! Those weirdos from that religious cult have come through with the cash! I called them up to confirm. I said I was working with Julian to arrange security for the drop-off, and they told me it would be delivered to his office tomorrow morning. He was gonna keep it all and hope we didn’t find out!”
The Church of the Holy Brethren had agreed to pay the ransom. This was one of the biggest news stories at the moment, and so coming to the rescue for a relatively small outlay would generate millions of dollars’ worth of publicity for the church.
“But what if ... maybe it’s not like that.” Rahul was trying to come up with something to calm Julian down. He knew he had a temper, and he had seen him get worked up before, but never like this. It was as if he had discovered a sixth gear.
“What else could it possibly be?” Steven said.
“Well ... maybe he was going to divide the money up between the four of us?”
“You can’t possibly be that stupid, can you? If he was gonna do that, I wouldn’t have to hear about it on the radio, would I? He woulda told us. Now quit stalling and put your mask on. We’re doing this.”
Julian snatched the balaclava from Rahul’s hands and forced it down over his head.
“But she’s going to know it’s us,” Rahul said, moving the mask around to align the holes with his eyes.
“Yeah, no kidding. Of course she’ll know it’s us.”
“So why are we trying to hide our identities?”
“I ... Jesus, I don’t know. I had two different plans in motion at the same time – one where she knows it’s us, another where she doesn’t, and I guess at some point the two became conflated. Whatever, it doesn’t matter, does it? Wear the mask, don’t wear it, just hurry up so we can get this over with.”
“Steve, I mean Steven ... I don’t think ... this really isn’t a good idea.”
“Listen to me.” Steven grabbed him by the shoulder. The pressure was like the claws of an animal digging into his muscle and nerve tissue. “I don’t care what you think, and I’m not asking you to do this. I’m telling you. You got that? This is happening whether you like it or not. Now hold this.”
He let go of Rahul and thrust the shopping bag at him.
“She should be asleep, so that’ll give us the element of surprise,” Steven said.
Rahul peered into the bag. Along with the rope, there was a roll of tape, a packet of sedatives, and a pair of gardening sheers.
“What are these for?” Rahul said, pulling out the sheers.
“In case Julian refuses to pay up.”
Steven mimed snipping off one of his fingers.
“What?”
“Calm down, I’m sure it won’t come to that. That’ll only be a last resort.”
Rahul was now fully alert and wide awake. He knew Steven had been teetering on the brink these past few days, but he had now lost his final threads of sanity. Deprived of food and sleep, surviving on a diet of nicotine and ephedrine pills, driven by desperation and paranoia.
Throughout this ordeal, he had worried what Steven might do to come up with the money for Tony Okura. Now there was a quarter of a million dollars on the line – a life-changing amount. There was no telling what lengths he might resort to in order to get his hands on that.
Steven climbed behind the wheel of the van. The door slammed and the engine coughed to life. He drove one hundred and fifty feet and parked directly outside room twenty-three.
Rahul knew he should do something to try to stop this, but what that was remained a mystery. He had no hope of physically overpowering Steven. He would be brushed aside with a flick of the wrist, and then Steven would throw Fawn in the van and take off without him. He couldn’t try reasoning with him, either. He was too far gone for that.
In the few seconds he had to think about it, he saw that his only real option was to go along with everything and try to come up with something along the way.
He rushed down to Fawn’s room, just as Steven was climbing out of the van.
“Alright, so we’ve had enough practice doing this with rich fat guys,” Steven said. “A skinny LA chick should be a piece of cake.”
Rahul went to say something to delay him, but Steven was already at the door. The key slid into the lock. The handle turned, and he charged inside like the leader of a SWAT squad.
Rahul hurried to catch up. He was about to partake in the traumatizing of Fawn for the second time in a week. He would also be making the leap to full criminal behavior. There was no longer any ambiguity; they were breaking the law, committing a serious violent crime punishable by years of imprisonment. He doubted there would be too many judges or juries who would have sympathy for his claims of mitigating circumstances.
A frantic few seconds of stumbling around in the dark ensured before the light switch was located and the two found themselves looking at an empty room.
 
 
 
Chapter 29
 

The night was pitch black. A quarter mile of dusty road separated each streetlight. Rahul had lost count of the number of times he had trekked up and down this stretch of bitumen in the past hour. There was still no sign of Fawn. He had doubled back a few times to check if she had returned to the motel room, but with no success.
Desperation snowballed the longer she remained missing, but he couldn’t give up looking. He needed to find her before Steven did.
He had seen him get worked up before, but never to this extent. Steven had transformed into a different person entirely; a sweaty, bug-eyed, Hyde-like lunatic who would stop at nothing to get what he wanted. There had always been a venomous side to his personality, one he had glimpsed in moments of high stress, and often when he had gobbled down too many of those Mini Thins. Add a quarter of a million dollars to the equation, along with a volatile Japanese gangster and a pathological urge not to allow Julian to get the better of him, and there was no telling what he might be capable of.
He stopped for a moment to catch his breath and collect his thoughts. Fatigue and dehydration made his head thump. He didn’t know what he was going to do if he couldn’t find Fawn. He leaned forward and rested his hands on his knees.
“You looking for something?”
It was Fawn’s voice. It came from no direction in particular. He spun around one hundred and eighty degrees, and then again, completing a full rotation. No one was there. He must be hearing things.
“Up here, Rahul.”
He looked up. There was a dark shape up on the billboard above him, sitting on the platform with her legs dangling over the side. Laser-eyed Jesus loomed overhead.
Rahul glanced around nervously. “You, uh, you weren’t in your room,” he said. “I just wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“Oh, I’m fine. Just having a quiet nervous breakdown, that’s all.”
He stayed where he was, unsure of what to do next. He hoped Fawn would make a move to come down, but that didn’t look like happening.
“I’m not going to jump, if that’s what you’re worried about,” she said. “From this height I would only break my legs.”
He took this to mean that she was staying where she was, and that he would have to climb up there. The only way to do that was via a rickety ladder off to the side. It didn’t appear too sturdy, and he wasn’t crazy about heights, but he didn’t want Fawn to know this.
He made his way up, one careful step at a time, making sure not to look down. He made it to the top and inched his way along the platform.
From here, he had a panoramic view of the entire Red Rambler Motor Inn complex, as well as about half a mile in both directions. If Fawn had been up here this whole time, she would have seen him running around like an idiot for the past hour. The relief at finding her before Steven outweighed any embarrassment he might have otherwise felt.
He sat down on the platform, keeping one firm hand on the railing the whole time. “Is everything okay?”
Fawn looked at the ground below as she contemplated the question. “I just had to get out of that room. I was losing my mind in there.” She took in a deep breath, and then exhaled. “No offense or anything, but you’re really easy to get away from. Don’t ever try to become a private detective.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” he said.
Neither one spoke for a moment. The stillness was interrupted by a Mustang tearing through the intersection half a block away, the driver well in excess of the speed limit. A gray Camaro with only one working headlight followed a few seconds later. Some local youths using the streets as a racetrack.
The night became quiet again.
“I don’t know if I’m ready for all this,” Fawn said, her confession barely loud enough for Rahul to hear. “All this ... attention.”
He sensed she had been crying. He couldn’t see her well enough to be able to confirm this, but he could hear it in her voice.
“But isn’t this what you wanted?” he said.
“I guess it is, but not like this. This all seems, I don’t know, it feels wrong. I’m not sure if I can go through with it.”
Rahul didn’t know what to say to that. He wondered what could have brought on this crisis of conscience. To him, this whole thing seemed wrong from the start.
“You’re famous again. I thought that was the point?”
Fawn breathed out a quiet sigh. “It’s really not that hard to become famous these days. Anyone can do it if they’re shameless enough. Andy Warhol’s prediction has come true.”
She picked at a loose thread on the sleeve of the oversized pink and green nylon sweater that she wore. Another garment she had mysteriously acquired over the past few days. He never asked where all these clothes were coming from.
“People were talking about me on the radio,” she said, pulling at the thread until it snapped.
She didn’t need to say any more. Those few words seemed to explain everything.
Rahul could guess what she had heard, because he had heard much the same. As it turned out, not everyone’s childhood memories of Pure N Simple were as fond as his. Many considered them to be an outdated novelty act with a significant cringe element. There had been plenty of tasteless jokes about the kidnapping bandied around over the past couple of days.
“I see,” was all he could think to say.
“I guess that’s why Julian told me not to turn on the TV?” she said. “He was worried I’d see everyone making fun of me and I’d freak out?”
He could have told her that what she’d heard was a one-off, but he didn’t want to lie. She would learn the truth eventually. The majority of the coverage was sympathetic, and the nasty jokes weren’t representative of the wider sentiment, but that didn’t mean there weren’t pockets of cynicism and negativity floating around.
“Everyone isn’t making fun of you,” he said.
“But some people are. Aren’t they?”
“Yeah, but so what? It’s all part of the deal. You have to take the good with the bad. Millions of people know who you are now, so you can’t expect everyone to be nice. It’s unrealistic to pretend otherwise.”
“I know that. I’m just worried that’s all I’m going to be. People thought I was a joke back then, and they still think that now. All I wanted was to be a singer, and I thought this dumb plan of Julian’s might actually make that happen, but instead it’s going to turn me into some trivial news item, like a celebrity divorce or a political sex scandal. Something for people to laugh at and then forget about. Julian keeps saying there’s no such thing as bad publicity, but I’m not so sure.” She pressed her palms to her eyes and let out a deep groan. “Seriously, how did I ever get talked into this?”
“Well ... you weren’t really given much of a choice,” Rahul said.
He kept sneaking glances up and down the road to look out for Steven. Fawn was still in danger, but he didn’t want to alarm her if he didn’t have to. Especially not when she was like this. At least he had a good view from up here, and they weren’t likely to be spotted.
“Julian pressured me into it, but I could have said no. There was nothing stopping me from leaving as soon as I figured out what was going on, but I stupidly went along with it. I had just missed out on this other major opportunity, and so I thought this could be my last ever chance. And if I’m being completely honest, part of me thought it might work.” She chewed on a fingernail for a moment, before letting out a bitter laugh. “That’s my life in a nutshell right there. One terrible mistake after another. Years wasted pursuing some unattainable dream, while everyone else living in the real world went out and made something of themselves. Sometimes it feels like every choice I’ve ever made has been the wrong one.”
She trailed off. Rahul tried to think of something to say, some words of comfort or reassurance, but he felt she had more to get off her chest. He allowed the silence to linger and waited for her to speak.
“The truth is I was never happy being Felicity Dijksman,” she continued. “That’s my real name, in case you didn’t know. The name I was born with. Once I changed it, I thought maybe I could become this different person. Fawn de Jager was like this idealized version of myself. I thought it would help me feel better about myself, but that never happened. It turns out Fawn de Jager has just as many hang-ups and insecurities as Felicity Dijksman. Fawn spent her life trying to be Karli Cook, because everything was perfect in Karli’s world. Nothing’s changed in that regard, either. We don’t even live on the same continent, and she still makes me feel inadequate.”
She reached into her pocket and removed an envelope that had been folded twice in half.
“Anyway, this is what I came up here to do.”
She unfolded the envelope and smoothed it out on her thigh. It was still sealed. She produced a matchbook from her other pocket. It had the motel’s name printed across the back. There were several of these in each room.
“I know I could have done this on the ground, but climbing up here feels more dramatic,” she said.
“What is it?” Rahul said.
“It’s a letter from Karli. She writes to me every couple of weeks.”
Fawn struck the match head against the side of the matchbook. The red phosphorous head ignited. She cupped her palm around the flame to shield it from the slight wind, and then held it to one corner of the envelope.
“This arrived about a week ago. It was the day before you and Steven stopped by to, you know, offer me a lift. I was going to wait for a happier moment to read it, but it’s clear that moment is never going to come. At least, not anytime soon. I don’t know, maybe the letter is cursed, since everything started to go wrong for me right around the time I got it.”
The envelope caught alight. Rahul looked on, unsure whether he should try snatching it off her, or at least try talking her out of doing something she might soon regret.
“You don’t want to know what it says?” was all he could think to say.
“I already know what it says, because it’s the same thing every time. She’ll tell me how incredible France or Italy or the Netherlands is, or whatever new country she’s just returned from. She’ll tell me how much fun she’s having, and that her career is moving ahead in leaps and bounds, and how her life is just one extraordinary moment after another. Then it’ll end with some passive-aggressive slight against me; something about how she admires my tenacity and resilience, and the courage to keep persevering through all my ups and down. I think the true purpose of these letters is for Karli to rub her good fortune in my face.”
“I’m sure she doesn’t do it intentionally,” Rahul said.
“Maybe, maybe not. But that’s the way it’s always been – a lopsided friendship. Sometimes it seems like the reason we’ve stayed friends for so long is that she needs someone like me to feel better about herself. Anyway, I can’t read them anymore. Especially not right now, when she’s done so much with her life and I’ve done nothing.”
The envelope was now fully alight, withering and curling in half, the unread words turning to smoke. Fawn held on until the flames reached her fingertips.
She let go, and the flakes of black floated toward the ground.
The burning paper smoldered on a patch of dry grass directly beneath them. Rahul’s concern now was that the grass would catch fire. He kept watching until the breeze blew it out.
A police siren rang out a few streets over, and then faded into the distance.
“Okay, so now what do I do?” Fawn said. “This dumb kidnapping idea hasn’t worked. I’ve probably blown any chance I had for a career. Singing is the only thing I’ve ever been good at, and who knows if I’m ever going to be able to do that again? I can’t go back to my old job. I doubt I’ll ever be able to show my face in public again. Maybe I should disappear and never be found. Change my name again and move to Alaska. Let everyone assume the worst.”
There was another fraught silence.
Rahul couldn’t explain it, but he sensed this was his moment to act – even if he didn’t know exactly what he was going to do.
He released his grip on the railing. He found himself reaching for his back pocket.
“You want to know what I think?” he said.
Fawn kept her eyes on the ground beneath her. “Lay it on me.”
“Now, I’d be lying if I said I understood why you agreed to do any of this.”
“No, of course you wouldn’t understand. You’re literally the first person I’ve met in LA who isn’t slowly chipping away at being famous.”
“You’re right. It’s not something I would ever do. But whatever your reasons, it’s done now. There’s nothing you can do to change that, and I think you’re giving up too easily. I know you’re afraid, because your life is about to change in such a monumental way. It’s normal to be anxious. But if you don’t see this through to the end, I think you’ll always regret it. It’s like you’ve pushed yourself right to the edge of something, and you’re too scared to jump, but you don’t want to back out either, because that seems worse. Someone is going to have to push you. So I guess that someone is going to have to be me.”
He pulled himself up to his feet. The balaclava that was in his back pocket now covered his face.
“And I’m really sorry about this Fawn, but I’m going to have to kidnap you again.”
 
 
 
8 April 1993
 
Dear Ms. de Jager.
My name is Dr. Vijay Chowdhury, and I am head of psychiatry at Stone House Hospital in Dartford, UK. I am writing as you may have received several letters from a patient of ours, Carly Cook.
I am unsure how aware you are of Ms. Cook’s present situation, or the circumstances in which she came to be a patient here. In short, she has been retrieving treatment at our facility on and off for the past nine months after suffering an acute mental breakdown in mid-1992, triggered by prolonged substance abuse and untreated psychiatric disorders.
During her recovery, her case worker assigned a range of exercises as a way of addressing the underlying trauma she suffered as an adolescent. Part of this therapy involved composing letters to those in her life that she believed she needed to confront. This allowed her to express herself freely and to say the things she needed to get off her chest in a safe way.
It was while undertaking this activity that Ms. Cook also began composing letters to you, whereby she invented a fantasy life for herself, concocting outlandish scenarios of obvious wish fulfillment. While this was not initially part of the prescribed activity, her case worker encouraged her to continue doing this, as it allowed Ms. Cook to explore many previously unexplored areas of her life, especially in regards to her relationship with you – in particular, the profound influence you have had in her life, her constant feelings of inferiority whenever she compared herself with you, as well as her admiration that bordered on an intense but deeply-repressed infatuation.
It has come to my attention that Ms. Cook had been passing these letters to an orderly at the hospital and asking him to post them. As a result, you may have received several items of correspondence in recent months. At the time, the orderly was unaware of the letters’ contents or their purpose. He has now undergone additional training to ensure such a mistake does not occur again.
No doubt you were confused as to why you were receiving these letters that were clearly works of fiction. I hope this note has cleared things up for you.
If you have any further questions regarding this, please do not hesitate to get in touch.
Kind regards,
Dr. Vijay Chowdhury, MBBS MRCPsych.
 
 
 
Chapter 30
 

At seventeen minutes past midday on Friday, after scouring the streets of Bakersfield for eleven hours, breathing in its toxic air, looking inside every bar and corner store and fast-food joint, and searching every park and back alley and abandoned house within a five-mile radius of the Red Rambler Motor Inn, his sides aching like twin stab wounds, blood pressure edging into the red zone, Steven learned he would not be getting his hands on the $250,000.
This information was relayed via a breaking news bulletin, overheard as he passed a café. Inside, a gaggle of slack-jawed simpletons had crowded around a television that played at full volume. Fawn de Jager had been found alive and well, they heard. Eyewitnesses reported seeing her make a dramatic escape from the back of a van the color of baby vomit while it was stopped at traffic lights in the early hours of the morning. The driver wore a balaclava, and the vehicle’s license plates were covered.
As soon as Steven heard this, he knew exactly what had happened.
 
 
“She totally played you,” he said as he piloted the van down the I-5.
He and Rahul had cleaned out the two motel rooms, theirs and Fawn’s, making sure not to leave any incriminating evidence behind. The bill for both rooms had been paid in cash, and they hightailed it out of there.
“You know that, right? You were played like a goddamn sitar. She pretended to be your friend so you would let her go, and you fell for it hook, line and sinker. Now you’ve blown any chance we had of getting that money.”
“I didn’t do it for her,” Rahul said quietly.
“What?”
“I said I didn’t do it for her. I did it to stop you from getting us into more trouble than we’re already in.”
“What are you talking about?”
“I had to put an end to this. We’re in way over our heads, and you were about to do something really stupid.”
“You thought I was about to do something stupid? You just threw away our chance at a quarter of a million dollars!”
“You can be as mad as you like with me, but I did the right thing. You were so fixated on the money that you were blind to the risks.”
“I knew what I was doing, Rahul! We owe twenty-five thousand dollars to Tony Okura. That money coulda solved every one of our problems! Now what are we gonna do?”
“I don’t know. I just know that we never had any real chance of getting the money, because kidnappers never escape with the ransom. They always get caught.”
“I had it under control! We coulda got it if you’d just listened to me!”
Steven was like the van’s overworked engine: red-faced, teeth grinding, neck veins bulging, moments away from spewing black smoke. Those ephedrine pills had pushed him to the brink of psychosis.
“We’re two guys with no experience in taking hostages and collecting ransoms,” Rahul said. “We stumbled into this whole thing by accident, with no planning, nothing. You think we could have outsmarted the police – the people who deal with these cases for a living?”
“If you’d done what I told you, yes! We coulda got our hands on the ransom before anyone woke up and realized what was going on.”
Rahul was one comment away from having his face rearranged. Steven’s bad back was about the only thing preventing this. Any sudden movement would likely inflict more pain on him than Rahul. That, and the fact that he was behind the wheel of a vehicle moving at seventy miles per hour.
“Even if that was true, we’d then spend the rest of our lives looking over our shoulder, wondering when the police would come knocking on our door,” Rahul said.
“We’re part of the biggest story in the country right now. They’ll be looking for us regardless.”
“And they’d be looking a lot harder if we’d made off with a quarter of a million dollars of the church’s money.”
Steven’s foot stomped the brakes. The van came to a stuttering to a halt. A chorus of horns sounded as the other motorists streamed past.
“Get out.”
“What?”
“You heard me. Get out of the van. Now.”
“Are you serious?”
“I’m serious. You’re fired. Find your own way back.”
“Okay then.” Rahul unclipped his seatbelt and pushed the door open. “If I don’t work for you anymore, I guess that means I’m off the hook with Tony Okura, too. So you can take this job and throw it away.”
The door slammed shut with a metallic clunk. Steven realized, too late, that Rahul was right. Supreme Seizures owed money to Tony Okura; Rahul did not.
The thought of rehiring him and ordering him back in the van was considered, but jumping out and chasing after him was more effort than it was worth. Besides, Rahul had done enough damage. With him gone, that would be one less idiot getting in his way and messing up his plans. It was also a months’ wages he no longer had to pay.
And it meant he could go after that quarter of a million dollars himself.
He threw the van into gear and drove until he came to the town of Wheeler Ridge, about twenty minutes further down the road. He pulled over in front of the first pay phone he saw, then he jammed his hand in between the seats until his fingers landed on some loose change.
He dropped four coins down the slot and dialed.
“Silver Star Records and Ze-Rocks Tribute Artists, this is Lance,” the voice at the other end of the line said.
“Put me on to Julian,” Steven said.
Lance informed him that Julian was presently unavailable.
Steven ordered Lance to interrupt whatever Julian was doing, stressing the urgency of the matter that needed to be discussed.
Lance repeated his assertion that Julian was preoccupied and could not come to the phone right now.
Steven employed every threat and profanity in his verbal arsenal to enforce compliance.
Lance remarked that Steven’s obvious issues with anger and self-control did not make Julian any more available than he was at the beginning of the call.
Steven declared that if Julian was not on the phone within one minute, he would come around there personally to resolve the issue.
Lance breathed a long, sarcastic sigh into Steven’s ear and said he would see what could be done.
A gray-haired woman using an umbrella as a walking stick appeared in Steven’s peripheral vision, tapping her foot, checking her watch, and making other assorted hurry-up gestures. He paid no attention to her.
After seven minutes of waiting and jittery agitation, Julian’s voice came on the line.
“Ah, Mr. Steve Sanders, calling in direct from the Peach Pit.” The words rolled off a thick tongue, as if at least one celebratory bottle of champagne had been emptied that morning. “For what do I owe this pleasure?”
“Don’t get smart with me, pal. You know what I want. I’ll be around in an hour and a half to pick it up. You better have it ready for me.”
“I’m sorry mate, I don’t follow.”
“You know exactly what you owe me. Two and a half thousand for the completion of the job, ten thousand for the additional publicity work, plus expenses, plus the two hundred and fifty thousand ransom. In fact, forget the fee. I’ll just take the full ransom.”
“I don’t think you quite understand how ransoms work, Steve. See, demands are only effective if you still have the victim–”
“That money is mine and you know it! It wouldn’t exist without all the work that I did!”
“That money is gone, Stevie-boy. I don’t have it. I never saw it. If you want it, take it up with the good folk at the Church of the Holy Hokum. You can reach them on 1-900-MIX-A-LOT. Give ’em a bell and see if they’ll accommodate your request.”
Steven was a hair away from shoving his fist through the glass. He knew his chances of getting the ransom were slim once Rahul tossed away their biggest bargaining chip, but he still held out a faint hope. That hope was now extinguished.
“You still owe me fifteen grand,” he said.
“Ha. Nice try, me old slaphead mate. Worth a shot, but no.”
“We had a deal! Half up front, half when the job was done, plus the extra ten thousand–”
“Do we have a deal? We did have one, but I seem to recall it was you who declared the original agreement null and void.”
“I did your job for you! I made her famous when you failed! You owe me!”
“Yeah, I don’t think so. You have all the money you’re ever going to get from me.” A pause, followed by a slurp and the exaggerated smacking of lips. “Assuming the check clears, of course.”
“I can bring you down with one phone call to the press! You realize that, don’t you? I’ll tell them everything!”
“Uh-huh. And what exactly are you gonna tell them? That you were the one who stuck a gun in Fawn’s face and forced the poor girl into your van, and who then made the hostage video that triggered a nationwide manhunt? Try that and see where it gets you. In fact, do it. Go ahead. Tell the world your story. You’ll only be giving me more publicity, and there’s no such thing as bad publicity.”
“I’m not bluffing here, Julian.”
“I know you’re not, and I don’t care. Tell ’em what you want. You have nothing to back it up. But you know what I have? I have Fawn, and whose side do you think she’s gonna take now that stardom is within her reach? And whose side do you think the public will take – a pretty, blonde, sweet-natured Christian girl, or a bald geezer who kidnaps people for a living?”
The gray-haired woman tapped the handle of her umbrella against the glass to hurry Steven along. A withering glare was all it took to make her disappear.
“This isn’t over,” he said.
“It is over, Stevie-boy. You tried to get one over me, and it didn’t work out the way you’d hoped. It hurts, I’m sure, but you’ll get over it. What I suggest you do now is lie low for the next few weeks. Stay out of sight until the heat dies down. The cops are on the lookout for a van just like the one you drive, so you might want to skip town for a while–”
The phone was slammed down with such force that the end of the receiver cracked.
The rage threatened to bubble over as Steven tore down the I-5, well in excess of the posted speed limit. He pounded the steering wheel until his palm numbed. A dozen different amphetamine-fueled thoughts flew in and out of his mind as he tried to figure out what his next move should be. He didn’t trust Julian and Fawn not to throw him under the bus. He had served his purpose, and he was expendable. For all he knew, they could be concocting their own story right now, ready to rat him out to the cops. That meant he would need to get rid of anything that connected him to them. First order of business was to get the van off the road. He had to find somewhere to stash it.
Once that was taken care of, he would pay Julian a visit. He had everything he needed right here: rope, tape, tire iron, gardening sheers. Two fists and a headful of steam. One way or another, he was getting that money.
A Winnebago trudged along in front of him at forty-five miles per hour. To his left was a yuppie in a black Saab, cruising along at the same speed and blocking him in. He pressed on the horn and gestured for the driver to get out of the way. The yuppie flipped him off and continued yapping on his car phone.
Steven’s hand went for the glovebox. The black Saab soon made space once the driver had what he thought was a handgun pointed at him.
He made it back to his Reseda digs an hour later. He parked the van on the street.
He could see the front door was open. Then he saw movement. At least one person was inside, maybe more. He felt a tightness in his chest. Tony Okura’s messengers had returned.
The key went back in the ignition, but he stopped short of restarting the engine. He’d had enough of running and hiding, and he was sick to death of these endless dramas. These people would only continue to intimidate him if he allowed them to. He still had five days before the money was due, and so he was going to tell these goons to get out and leave him alone. Their point had been made. If Tony Okura wanted to smash his kneecaps in, fine. They could hurry up and get it over with. Otherwise, he would have to wait until the last day of the month for his money, as per his previous demands.
He corrected his posture, and he furrowed his brow and clenched his fists, trying to puff himself up and look as intimidating as possible. He ignored the thumping pain attacking his spine with every movement.
He made sure to create as much noise as possible as he marched through the door. He wanted them to know he wasn’t afraid.
Two people were in his front office. They didn’t look like Japanese mob enforcers. Nor did they look threatening. It was a man and a woman, both in their mid to late thirties. The man was dressed like he sold insurance door-to-door, in tan pants and a white shirt with red suspenders. He sucked on a McDonalds thickshake. The woman wore navy and filed her nails. Neither one was Japanese. She might had been Mexican or Puerto Rican.
“Can I help you?” he said.
The two visitors looked up.
“The door was unlocked,” the woman said by way of explanation, casually slipping the nail file back into her pocket. “The sign out the front said these were Frequency21’s opening hours. We figured it was okay to come in.”
The lock. He had patched it up to cover the damage, but he hadn’t had time to get it fixed. Something else he’d have to take care of as soon as possible.
“We’re looking for Steven Sanders,” the man said. “Is that you?”
Steven folded his arms. “Who wants to know?” he said, a response that more or less confirmed his identity.
The woman let out a small chuckle. “His name is Steve Sanders. I only just realized that.”
“Realized what?” the man with the red suspenders said.
“You ever see that show Beverly Hills, 90210? Steve Sanders is one of the characters on that.”
“Which one is he?”
“He’s the guy with the curly blonde hair. The goofy-looking one.”
Red Suspenders laughed along. “Oh, right. I know who you mean.” He turned to Steven. “Are you any relation?”
“What?” Steven said.
“Are you related to the other Steve Sanders?”
Several seconds went by before Steven realized they were expecting him to answer.
“I’m not sure what you’re asking me. Do you wanna know if I’m related to a fictional character that has the same name as me? Or if I’m related to the actor who plays him but has a different name altogether?”
Red Suspenders sucked up some more of his thickshake and shrugged his shoulders. “Either one.”
Steven was still no closer to knowing who these people were or what their business was with him. “The answer is no to both. Now would you mind telling me what you’re doing here?”
“My name is Diana Morales, LAPD,” the woman said, flashing her badge. “This here is Dale Purcell. We’d like to ask you a few questions about the kidnapping of Fawn de Jager.”
 
 
 
Chapter 31
 

“You got a minute, Purcell?”
Officer Dale Purcell glanced up from his computer screen. His colleague Diana Morales now stood before him. She had appeared from out of nowhere, clutching a manila folder in her right hand. She had a habit of doing this, somehow gliding from one corner of the station to the other like an apparition. While this might have been an irritant in anyone else, for Officer Morales it was all part of her capricious charm. It made her seem spontaneous and unpredictable. Purcell also tended to zone out whenever he had something big on his mind, so that may have fed into the illusion.
“Just looking into that suspected kidnapping in Brentwood on Friday,” he said, his brow furrowing. “You hear about that?”
“What kidnapping?” Morales found a spare seat and dragged it closer.
“Happened just after eleven a.m. Broad daylight. We’ve had a number of calls from members of the public who say they saw a young woman forced into the back of a van at gunpoint.”
Purcell gave a brief rundown of the known facts. He had been dispatched to the scene of the crime to take statements from the shaken witnesses, all of whom were convinced the woman was targeted at random by a large man wearing a baseball cap and a brown overcoat. Privately, he suspected this was the work of a vengeful ex-boyfriend. Random attacks like this were rare, and they almost never happened in full view of the public.
Later that day, a missing person’s report was filed by a man claiming that the singer he managed had disappeared and could not be reached. The manager said he would not normally worry, but he had been concerned for her wellbeing ever since an obsessive fan had become fixated on her a few months ago. The fan had been harassing the singer constantly, turning up to her shows and leaving increasingly disturbing notes at her house.
“I’m wondering if there’s a connection between the two,” Purcell said, chewing on the end of his pen. “It’s a long shot, but who knows? I mean, we don’t even know for sure that the singer is missing. Maybe she took off to Vegas without telling anyone. But she does match the description of the woman forced into the van.”
Strictly speaking, this was not his case to investigate. He was a patrol officer, and the real detective work would be carried out by the real detectives. But there was nothing preventing him from examining the case either, if that was how he wanted to spend his lunch break. Career advancement within the force had been his new year’s resolution for 1993, and his strategy for attaining this was to select a seemingly straightforward case, dig a little deeper, and then hopefully discover there was more to it than there initially seemed. He just needed that one breakthrough, and he would be on his way.
“Is that really what you’re doing?” Morales said. “Because it looks to me like you’re working on your screenplay again.”
“No, I’m reviewing the facts of the cases and seeing if I can find a connection between the two.”
“I can see your screen from here, Purcell.”
“Okay, sure. I know it looks like I’m working on my screenplay, Morales. I understand how you might arrive at such a conclusion. But you have to understand how the human brain functions. There are times where you can spend so long invested in a case that you get caught up in the minutia and lose all perspective. You ever hear that saying, ‘You can’t see the forest for the trees?’ That’s when you need to take a step back and focus your energies on something unrelated. It frees up your mind, and you end up making connections between random elements you might have otherwise overlooked. This is all backed up by science.”
Writing a screenplay had been Dale Purcell’s new year’s resolution for 1992. His self-imposed deadline of 31 December had passed without any major achievements reached, but he enjoyed the challenge so much that he stuck with it well into the new year.
“Who am I to argue with science?” Morales said, opening her folder. “So anyway, before we lose you to the bright lights of Hollywood, there’s something here I thought you might be interested in. Care to take a look?”
She plucked a document from the folder and handed it to Purcell.
“Customs has intercepted a package containing a small quantity of Zeranol. It was posted from Czechoslovakia. The address on the package is in Venice Beach.”
“No such thing as Czechoslovakia,” Purcell said, accepting the document.
“What do you mean there’s no such thing as Czechoslovakia?”
“I mean exactly what I said. The country of Czechoslovakia no longer exists. It’s now divided into two countries: Slovakia and the Czech Republic.”
“When did this happen?”
“I guess it was a couple of months ago now.”
“Well, look at you,” Morales grinned. “I never would have guessed you’d be so attuned to world events.”
Purcell gave a bashful smile as he glanced at the page in his hand. “So what in the heck Zeranol?”
“It’s a synthetic hormone used to promote rapid growth in cattle. Farmers give Zeranol to their livestock for increased meat production.”
“Is it legal?”
“It’s legal if you’re giving it to livestock. It’s not if you’re injecting it into humans.”
“And I don’t suppose there’d be too many farmers in Venice Beach.”
“No, but there are plenty of bodybuilders, which is who we suspect this batch will end up being sold to.”
“Let me guess – the address on the package is an abandoned house?”
Morales shook her head. “It’s a vacant lot on Walgrove Avenue. We did a drive-by earlier. Someone’s hammered a letterbox into the yard out front and painted a street number on it.”
“Ah, that old trick. That would have been my next guess.”
“So what do you say?” Morales gave him a playful slap on the arm. “You down for a good old-fashioned stake-out? Get out from behind the desk and focus your mind on something unrelated, or whatever it was you said you were doing. You never know – it might lead to a breakthrough with that kidnapping case you were just talking about.”
These words alone were enough to get Dale Purcell’s blood pumping a little faster. His crimefighting efforts today were limited to issuing a ticket for a broken taillight, cautioning a teenager for jaywalking, and intervening in a neighborhood dispute about overhanging tree branches. Here was a chance to get his hands dirty and do some real police work. Busting open an importation ring for a banned substance would look terrific on the résumé. It might even result in arrests and prison time for the perpetrators. Should that happen, the station sergeant would have no choice but to consider assigning him greater responsibilities.
“Let’s roll, partner,” he said, and then immediately regretted it.
 
 
Stakeouts were never as exciting as the movies made them out to be. They typically involved two low-ranking officers confined to an unmarked car for hours on end, doing their level best not to fall asleep or expire from boredom. The greatest risk to health and safety was leg cramps. This was one of the disappointing things Dale Purcell learned upon joining the force, although there were worse ways to earn a living than having to spend an indefinite period of time in the company of Diana Morales.
She passed the hours by filing her nails for the umpteenth time. He flicked through his copy of Variety, an issue he’d already read cover to cover more than once.
He scanned the latest industry news. It was essential that he keep abreast of what was happening in Hollywood, what scripts were being bought, and what films were being greenlit. He hoped it would give him some idea of what he could do to increase the chances of getting Darker Impulses made.
His screenplay centered around Harrison Vandermeer, a rugged, world-weary cop stymied by bureaucracy, stuck on the hamster wheel of routine desk duties. Vandermeer should be out on the streets fighting crime, but instead he was fighting station politics, red tape, and an uptight, ill-tempered boss who objected to his unorthodox methods despite their proven effectiveness. Throughout the course of his mundane duties, he stumbles across a case far above his pay grade involving the discovery of a dozen dead undocumented workers. His superiors order him to stand down and stay away from the case – the one thing you don’t say to a cop who plays by his own rules.
The script began life as a hardboiled detective story, a throwback to the classic noirs of the 1940s, but Purcell had recently been inspired to take a different approach. The source of that inspiration was Joe Eszterhas, the renegade scribe who was currently the world’s highest paid screenwriter, and the different approach he had taken was to introduce a highly charged erotic element, featuring gratuitous nudity (“Hollywood’s cheapest special effect”, according to Eszterhas), scenes that took place in strip clubs, and one sex scene for every twenty minutes of screen time. It was rebranded as Darker Impulses to reflect this new carnal direction, changing it from the original title of The Hangman’s Noose, and he switched Vandermeer’s male partner to female, a fiery Latino who could hold her own with the men of the force. He had included a new subplot where Vandermeer and his partner engage in a torrid affair that threatened to end both their careers, and one that continues even as he begins to suspect that she may have a personal connection to the case.
The Eszterhas Effect had taken Hollywood by storm. Basic Instinct had been nothing short of a cultural phenomenon, and his follow-up, Sliver, scheduled for release next month, was predicted to do even better. The latest Variety reported that Eszterhas had been paid a mind-boggling two million dollars for a pitch he had jotted down on a napkin one night. Two million dollars for just the pitch. The script itself was yet to be written.
Officer Purcell could only imagine what it must be like to wield that kind of power – hanging out at Hollywood parties, rubbing shoulders with movie stars, dating glamourous actresses, then waking up the next morning to discover the drunken idea you scribbled down the night before and stuffed in your back pocket would pay for your Key Largo holiday home.
That could be his life, if only he could score that one big break. He just needed his screenplay to fall into the right hands. It was good, too; he was certain of that. It was very good. But it wasn’t quite great, which was what it needed to be. His problem was with the villain; he needed an antagonist worthy of his protagonist. The one he had written was kind of formulaic – a moustachioed, Uzi-toting, cigar-chomping Mexican drug tzar living it up in an ostentatious mansion. That kind of character had appeared in countless films in recent years. If he could conjure up a bad guy the audience hadn’t seen before, that could be the pièce de résistance.
“Purcell.”
Morales tapped his arm. She now commanded his full attention.
“What is it?” he said, dropping the magazine into his lap.
“Someone’s coming.”
Purcell looked over to where Morales had indicated, on the opposite side of the road. An obese man in a tight blue polo shirt was moving toward the mailbox. As he drew nearer, they saw that he was not obese; rather, he was muscular to an almost freakish degree, and about as wide as he was tall. His arms had muscles popping out of even larger muscles, with rope-like veins snaking all the way up to his neck. His skin was stained the color of a rotisserie chicken. He looked like a four-foot lump of chewed gum that had sprouted legs and a head.
In a flash, Purcell had a vision of what his villain could look like. Or perhaps one of the villain’s henchmen.
“Think that could be him?” Morales said. She pulled the lens cap off her camera.
“I hope he’s been injecting himself with synthetic animal hormones,” Purcell said. “I’d be concerned if it was possible to achieve that look naturally.”
Morales snapped a series of photographs of the humanoid-oxen hybrid creature as he stopped in front of the mailbox. He looked around to make sure no one was watching. Purcell and Morales slid down in their seats a few inches, even though they were about five houses down on the opposite side of the road, and not likely to be spotted.
The man opened the mailbox and retrieved the package.
“Bingo,” Morales said. 
An electric shiver raced through the two officers as they pulled on their seatbelts and prepared to follow the suspect from a safe distance. It was this kind of excitement that made the last day and a half of waiting around worthwhile.
 
 
Officer Dale Purcell wasn’t anywhere near his desk when Diana Morales stopped by, three days on from their successful stakeout. She thought he might have drawn the short straw and been relegated to traffic duties for the afternoon, but as she passed one of the smaller meeting rooms, she caught a glimpse of him inside.
He had parked himself in front of the television, and he was chomping away on a bologna, tomato, cheese, pickle, and mustard sandwich. He ate the same thing every day, and he always ate it much too fast. His face was inches from the screen, like a paranoid schizophrenic staring deep into static, searching for hidden messages transmitted from some far-off galaxy.
“There you are,” she said. “What are you watching?”
“Remember that girl who went missing?” Purcell spoke with a mouthful of food, his eyes never leaving the screen.
“Girls go missing every day, Purcell. You’ll have to be more specific.”
He swallowed. “The one I told you about on Monday. The girl in Brentwood who was forced into a van at gunpoint. The one who I thought might have been that singer.”
“Oh yeah, her. What about her?”
“There’s been a development.” Purcell angled the television around so Morales could see the screen. A video played showing a distressed young woman tied to a chair. She was flanked by two men, both with their faces pixelated. One of the men was armed.
“That’s her?” Morales said.
“Where have you been, Morales? Yes, that’s her. The story’s been all over the news for the past forty-eight hours.”
“Geez, I’m sorry. Some of us lead busy lives and don’t have the luxury of watching hours of television every night.”
“Well anyway, it seems I was onto something. The singer that was reported missing and the young woman forced into the van were indeed one and the same. Her name’s Fawn de Jager. You remember Pure N Simple?”
“Kinda,” Morales said, likely meaning “not at all”.
“Christian pop group from about ten years ago. These two little kids. She was one of them. That’s her, all grown up.”
Morales moved in for a closer look. “I take it neither of those two gentlemen are jealous ex-boyfriends?”
“No, and I don’t think they’re obsessed fans, either. It’s something much more sinister, I’m afraid. They’re demanding a quarter-mil to let her go.”
The two watched the video for a moment. The blurred faces of the kidnappers, along with their jarring robotic voices, invoked a kind of eerie, unsettling quality. Like something out of a bizarre low-budget horror movie.
Purcell unwrapped his second sandwich and took a large bite.
“Where did you get this?” Morales said.
“It was sent to a newspaper,” Purcell said, doing his best not to dribble food down his chin as he spoke. “Media outlets all over the city had copies of the tape delivered to them. Whoever these people are, it’s obvious they wanted the public’s attention.”
He fiddled around with the television’s settings, increasing the brightness and adjusting the contrast. He had viewed the video countless times today – pausing and rewinding, studying it frame by frame, trying to locate that one elusive clue. There had to be something within these three minutes and forty-one seconds that would lead him to finding out who these people were or where it was made. He knew it was in there, somewhere. No plan was ever waterproof, and there was no such thing as the perfect crime. Even the most sophisticated criminal slips up somewhere. He just needed to find out where. And he needed to hurry. 
The video’s release had brought a wave of attention to the kidnapping, with more than a dozen cops now assigned to the case. Purcell’s initial hunch may have proven correct, but a hunch wasn’t worth a tinker’s damn if it didn’t produce tangible results. He had a head start, but that was all it was. He had to move fast if he wanted to capitalize on it.
“Anyway, what I came here to tell you was that there’s been a development in the case of our husky friend from the other day,” Morales said.
Purcell spun his chair around. “The bodybuilder?”
“That’s him. Once we had his address, a warrant was issued and his place was searched. Not only did they find the Zeranol, but he also had much larger quantities of Anadrol, Oxandrin and Deca-Durabolin in his possession. I don’t know what any of those are to be honest, but needless to say, it’s all stuff he’s not supposed to have. The guy had enough juice on him to open his own Smoothie King franchise. He’s looking at quite the hefty fine.”
“Only a fine?” Purcell said.
“Yeah, only a fine. He doesn’t have a record, so jail seems unlikely for a first offense, as much as we’d like to see his type off the streets.”
Both cops had been hoping for a custodial sentence. It was always satisfying to say that your efforts had put the bad guys away, and working on a case that ended with imprisonment would be beneficial for their career prospects.
“That’d be right.” Purcell wiped a spot of mustard from the corner of his mouth with his finger. “After everything we do to put these guys away, they just get let off with a slap on the wrist.”
“I know it’s frustrating, but something like this doesn’t go unnoticed by Mercer,” Morales said, referring to the station sergeant and their direct superior. “He’s old school, and he’s a lot more perceptive than he looks. He knows which officers go about their job without seeking attention or praise, and he knows who the brown-nosers are that are just chasing a promotion, so I wouldn’t ...”
Morales drifted off, her thoughts unfinished.
“You wouldn’t what?” Purcell said.
“What is this?”
She nodded toward the television. Purcell turned back around. The hostage video had ended. In its place was a scene involving three people in an office setting. All three had bad hair, stiff posture, and a limited acting range. One was a bearded man in his fifties, shouting at a younger female colleague over an error made in the sales report. Another man looked on with a pensive expression, wondering whether to intervene.
The two cops viewed the performance for a moment.
“This is weird,” Purcell said.
“This must be what was on the tape before it was taped over,” Morales said.
“I guess so.”
A dry narration informed the viewer that speaking to your work colleagues with volume and force was an ineffective means of communication, and that conversing in a calm and rational manner would lead to greater staff productivity and an overall pleasant working environment.
Both Morales and Purcell were familiar with videos like this. Like everyone else on the force, they were instructed by the HR department to view them on a regular basis. Most aimed to educate staff on health and safety or appropriate conduct within the workplace, although many found it difficult to take them seriously.
“How many times have you watched this tape?” Morales said.
“I don’t know,” Purcell shrugged. “Twenty times? Twenty-five, maybe?”
“Have you seen this part before?”
Purcell shook his head.
“So you’ve never played the tape all the way through to the end? You just stopped and rewound it as soon as it was over?” She gave him a chummy pat on the shoulder. “That’s some first-class detective work on display there, Kojak.”
“Alright, alright, gimme a break. It never occurred to me to watch any further.”
Even though Morales never missed a chance to bust his chops, Purcell had to admit that he enjoyed their snappy back-and-forth banter. If his Darker Impulses script didn’t lead to anything, he was confident that he could write a witty screwball comedy based on their daily interactions.
“Where did you say you got this?” Morales said.
“I picked it up from the Los Angeles Gazette. It was dropped off at the news desk the day before yesterday.”
“Is this the original, or did you make a copy?”
“No, this is the original.”
She looked at him. “You know what this means, don’t you? Whoever made the hostage video – maybe they made this one too and taped over it.”
“You think so?”
“It’s possible. Or if we could find out who made this video, the workplace training video, and they could tell us who they made it for, we could track them down that way. Or maybe we could identify one of the actors in the video and go from there. Anything like that would give us something to go on.”
“Right. Except the workplace training video could have been made by anyone at any time. It could have been filmed a month ago, or it could be ten years old. I don’t think finding solid leads will be easy.”
They sat and watched the rest of the video, which ended six minutes later. There was a blank screen, followed by the credits: Written, produced, directed and edited by Steven Sanders for Frequency21. Beneath that was a phone number and address.
The business was located in Reseda, a twenty-minute drive from where they were now.
“Well, whattaya know, Kojak?” Morales said. “Turns out it was that easy.”
 
 
 
Chapter 32
 

Within hours of Fawn de Jager’s daring pre-dawn escape from the moldy-oatmeal-colored van, the choppy black and white footage was playing on a near-continuous loop across news channels nationwide, having fortuitously been captured by nearby traffic cameras. The vision showed the back door flying open while the vehicle was stopped at a red light, and the terrified victim creeping away, desperate to avoid being spotted by the balaclava-clad man behind the wheel.
The van drove off a minute later, spewing a trail of toxic black smoke in its wake, and Fawn had no idea what to do next. Calling the police would have been the logical course of action for someone in her situation, but she couldn’t bring herself to go through with it. She began this ordeal as an unwilling participant, and then became a reluctant accomplice, going along with it despite her better judgement. In her mind, making a false report to the police would be crossing a final line of culpability. She wasn’t confident in her ability to pull off the whole traumatized victim act, either.
But the sun was less than an hour from rising, and she couldn’t stay out in public too much longer. Her face had been plastered across the TV for the past few days, which meant anyone could recognize her. She had to get off the streets before daylight, and so she did the last thing she wanted to do – she phoned Julian.
Lance was dispatched to collect her. He had performed another Bowie show that night, and Julian knew he liked to stay up and keep the party going into the early hours following a show, and so Fawn was picked up in an off-white Datsun station wagon by a man wearing a bright red wig with a lightning bolt painted on his face, spilling out of a tight-fitting silver jumpsuit.
All she wanted to do now was spend the next week sleeping and hiding from the world, but Lance ignored her pleas to take her home. He had to follow the boss’s orders, and Julian wasn’t about to let the moment pass without milking it for all it was worth.
A press release was sent out moments after she arrived back in the office. Within minutes, fax machines inside hundreds of news organizations across the country were spitting out details of Fawn’s harrowing ordeal and brave escape. Television networks interrupted their scheduled programming to inform viewers that she was safe and well.
The rest of the day passed in a blur. Julian shuffled her in front of the bustling media pack that had formed outside Silver Star Records’ Los Feliz headquarters, where a barrage of questions was fired in her direction: Did she know the identity of her kidnappers? Why did she think she was targeted? Was there a motive beyond money? What kind of trauma did she suffer throughout her ordeal? 
Fawn struggled to provide anything beyond one- and two-word answers. She apologized repeatedly for not being able to offer any more detail. She was still in a stupor, like her zoological namesake caught in the high beams of a speeding pickup, although this did help her come across as a convincing victim still grappling with everything she had endured.
Julian had less trouble with the press, and he was happy to speak on Fawn’s behalf whenever words became too much for her to manage. He was back in the limelight, at long last, and he relished every moment. He took great pride in announcing that Fawn was looking forward to putting this unpleasant episode behind her and moving on with her life, which involved getting back on stage and releasing her debut album on Silver Star Records. A tentative release date of July was mooted.
One observant reporter noticed that Fawn’s right hand was an alarming reddish-purple color, and her knuckles appeared swollen. Fawn pulled her sleeve down over her hand, and she said she must have injured it when busting open the van’s door. A different reporter asked Julian about the bruising on his cheek, just below his left eye. He laughed this off and maintained that, in his eagerness to get to Fawn after hearing of her return that morning, he stumbled down his front steps on his way out the door.
The impromptu press conference ended after forty minutes, just as Fawn feared she was about to crumble in front of the cameras. She was squired away, and finally allowed to return home.
 
 
While Fawn may have been trapped in some weird half-dream, half-nightmare hallucination, all this attention had given Julian a new lease on life. After years spent in the proverbial wilderness, he was now managing one of the most famous people on the planet. He stayed up all night taking calls and making plans to get her into the studio as soon as possible. He needed to capitalize on this moment. Lucrative offers for interviews and TV exclusives were coming in left and right. Representatives from major labels had contacted him to show an interest in a distribution deal with Silver Star Records.
Morning came around before he knew it, and he was back in front of the cameras again, doing more live crosses with every breakfast TV show that would have him on. They still could not get enough of the story.
For about a day and a half, he was in heaven. He was back. This bonkers plan of his had come off, against all odds and defying common sense. He was on the comeback trail, ready to muscle his way back into the industry that had excommunicated him. The second coming of Julian T. Rockefeller was imminent.
Until early evening on the second day when the phone rang in his office.
Lance knocked on his door a minute later. “Not now!” Julian barked. He was waiting on a call from a Hollywood producer who wanted to give Fawn a small role in an upcoming Christian Slater movie.
“Julian, I think you’re going to want to take this,” Lance said.
“I’m busy,” he said without looking up. “Take a message.”
“It’s the police. Some dude’s been arrested for the kidnapping. They want you to come down to the station immediately.” A brief pause followed. “And you might want to call a lawyer.”
 
 
Sergeant Robert Mercer lowered his hefty frame into the seat behind his desk. “I’ve heard bits and pieces over the last few days,” he said, the weariness in his voice indicating that he had more pressing matters to deal with at that moment. “But could you run me through the whole chain of events one more time, from beginning to end? I want to make sure I haven’t missed anything.”
Diana Morales went first. “Steven Sanders was the first person we spoke to. We tracked him down via the contact details we found at the end of the hostage video. It had his address, his phone number, and the name of his business. They’re called Frequency21. It’s a video production outfit based in Reseda.”
Mercer’s brow furrowed. “He put his address and phone number on the hostage video?”
“Not on the video itself. It was a different video on the same tape. It came on after the hostage video had ended.”
“I see. And this Steven Sanders ...” Mercer slipped on his reading glasses and peered at the notes in front of him. “That’s his real name?”
“It’s his real name,” Morales confirmed.
“Right. So what did he have to say for himself?”
“At first, not a lot. He couldn’t explain how a tape he had produced had fallen into the hands of whoever made the hostage video. Said he probably made it for a client and then someone else had taped over it. And he was right – there was nothing to connect him directly to the kidnapping.”
“At that stage, we were just making enquiries,” Dale Purcell said, seated next to Morales. “We didn’t have much to go on. To tell you the truth, we didn’t even consider him a suspect, even if he was acting evasive. We were only there to ask him who he’d made the video for.”
“That was until we caught a glimpse of his van parked out the front,” Morales said. “It was a Volkswagen Type 2, and it matched the description of the one Fawn de Jager was seen fleeing from to a T. Inside, there was a roll of tape, a coil of rope, a black balaclava, a bottle of sedatives, and a what appeared to be a handgun. The weapon turned out to be a fake, though.”
“In any case, if he wasn’t a kidnapper, he was doing a pretty convincing impression of one,” Purcell said.
“Hold up,” Mercer said, raising an open palm. “I assume you got a warrant to search the vehicle, or you had his permission?”
“Didn’t need that,” Purcell said. “This was all laid out on the front passenger seat. You don’t need a warrant to look through the window. We didn’t even have to open the door.”
“But it did give us something to work with,” Morales said. “We were able to lean on him a little, whisper in his ear, and that’s when he finally began to talk. And boy, did he squawk. It’s amazing how loose-lipped some people become once they’re faced with the prospect of twenty years behind bars. He admitted to kidnapping Fawn de Jager, but he claimed he was tricked into it.”
“And how does one get ‘tricked’ into kidnapping another person, exactly?” Mercer said.
“He said he was led to believe the girl was in on it. Turns out he runs this other business on the side, in addition to the video production one. It’s a legitimate kidnapping service called Supreme Seizures. It’s all legal and above board. Anyway, he claims that Fawn de Jager’s manager, this Julian T. Rockefeller, had asked him to stage the kidnapping as a publicity stunt to promote her singing career. Mr. Rockefeller assured him that Fawn knew about the kidnapping in advance, that she had initiated it, and that she knew where and when it was due to take place.”
“Whoa, whoa, back up a minute.” Mercer paused for a few seconds, as if he was unsure of everything he had just heard. “He runs a legitimate kidnapping service?”
“That’s a whole other story,” Purcell said. “I had to look it up. But as far as I can tell, no laws are being broken if everyone consents.”
“But let’s not get into that right now, otherwise we’ll become side-tracked,” Morales said.
Mercer raised an eyebrow. “Okay. So what did this Rockefeller character have to say?”
“Unsurprisingly, he denied the whole thing,” Purcell said. “Said it was complete nonsense, or ‘utter bollocks’, to use his vernacular. Claims the only Steven Sanders he knew was the guy on that TV show.”
“His tune changed pretty quick when we presented him with a check for two and a half thousand dollars with his name on it, made out to Supreme Seizures,” Morales said.
“We also threatened to pull his phone records from the past week,” Purcell said.
“We weren’t really going to go to that much effort, of course,” Morales said, fighting to hold a straight face. “But he didn’t know that.”
The two officers were enjoying this, recounting the ins and outs of the case for their boss, tossing in the occasional embellishment to jazz up the story in places.
“And so that’s when we got his version of the story,” Purcell said. “He admitted to hiring Sanders to kidnap the girl, but not for any fake publicity stunt, or whatever Sanders claimed it was for.”
“What reason did he give?” Mercer said.
“The same reason anyone uses Supreme Seizures, apparently – he and Fawn were a kinky couple looking to add some spice to their relationship.”
“Lord have mercy.” Sergeant Mercer took his glasses off and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Just when you think you’ve seen it all. Thirty-five years I’ve been in this job, and I’m still no closer to understanding why human beings behave the way they do.”
“Anyway, Rockefeller said it became a hostage situation when Sanders went back on his word and kidnapped her for real,” Diana Morales said. “He believed that Julian T. Rockefeller was part of the wealthy Rockefeller dynasty, and so he demanded a quarter of a million dollars to let her go.”
“I take it he’s not a member of the Rockefeller family?” the sergeant said, with more than a trace of sarcasm.
“No, his real name is–” Morales flicked through her notes until she found the information she was looking for. “His name is Jeffrey Lipshut. He was born in Reading, England. Julian T. Rockefeller is like a stage name, I guess.”
“We went back and forth between the two of them for a while,” Dale Purcell said. “Sanders blamed it all on Rockefeller, Rockefeller on Sanders. At one point, Sanders changed his story yet again and tried to pin the whole thing on some third party, an associate by the name of Rahul. This is an individual we have not been able to locate, and as far as we can tell, does not exist.”
“He also mentioned something about owing money to the Yakuza, and he asked about the possibility of entering witness protection in exchange for giving evidence,” Morales said. “To be honest, the longer we spoke with him, the more delusional he appeared. In the end, it was almost impossible to get anything coherent out of him. He just kept rambling on and on. I don’t know what he had taken, but it was pretty obvious he was on something.”
“And the girl?” Mercer said. “What does she have to say about all this?”
“I’m afraid Fawn de Jager hasn’t made things any clearer,” Morales said. “She backed up some of her manager’s story but contradicted most of it. Same with Sanders’ story; some of it appears to be true, the rest fabricated. She wasn’t much help at all, truth be told. Her input only muddied the waters.”
“Although she did stress that she had never been in any way romantically involved with Julian T. Rockefeller,” Purcell said. “She was quite adamant about that.”
“You would expect her to say that, wouldn’t you?” Morales said.
“You really think someone like her would ever become involved with a guy like that?”
“An aspiring pop star sleeping with the head of her label to get ahead? I’m sure that kind of thing never happens, Dale.”
Mercer jumped in before the discussion could become derailed. “So what really happened? Looking at the facts and taking everything we know into consideration, in your opinion, who’s telling the truth and who’s leading us down the garden path?”
There was a silence.
“This is where my view and Officer Purcell’s diverge,” Morales said.
“Yeah, I’m afraid we couldn’t reach any kind of consensus with this one, sir,” Purcell said.
The two officers went on to put forth their case and explain their reasoning. Morales suspected Fawn de Jager of being the driving force behind the scheme, staging her own kidnapping in an attempt to bring attention to herself and jump-start her failing career. Morales had been in LA long enough to know there was not much these desperate starlets wouldn’t do for their moment in the spotlight, however fleeting.
Purcell disagreed. He believed that of the three they interviewed, Fawn was the only innocent one. He couldn’t say for certain whether it was Sanders or Rockefeller who had instigated the kidnapping. Perhaps they were both in on it together and had a falling out. Fawn’s reluctance to place the blame on either one may have been due to a fear of reprisals, or possibly some lingering Stockholm Syndrome.
Sergeant Mercer let out a long sigh once they were done. “You wanna know what I think?”
Morales and Purcell waited for him to continue, until it became apparent the question was not a rhetorical one.
“What do you think, sir?” Morales said.
“I think this is all too much effort for too little return. With everything we have on our plate right now, we possess neither the time nor the manpower to be untangling this whole fiasco. Frankly, I don’t care who started it or why. Charge all three with wasting police resources and be done with it. They’ll likely end up with a fine, maybe some community service, and this whole matter can be put to bed.”
Purcell and Morales both nodded and did their best to hide their disappointment. They had been hoping for more. This could have been the one that got them in with the big dogs. A custodial sentence for a high-profile case would have gone some way to getting their foot in the door.
“Hey, I know you want to put the bad guys away,” Mercer said, reading their faces. “Everyone does. But this appears to be far more trouble than it’s worth. And it’s not as if any serious crime has been committed. You’ve both done some good work here, but it’s time to let it go.”
 
 
 
Chapter 33
 

“This is some of the best advice you’re ever likely to receive,” Roderick Knight said midway through the meeting. “Few people will tell you this – at least, few people in this industry will tell you this, because when they look at you, they’re only thinking about what you can do for them, or what they can get out of you, and they don’t have your best interests at heart. But trust me when I say this: money and fame will not solve all your problems. In fact, it does the opposite – it makes everything worse. It magnifies your existing problems tenfold, and it throws a whole set of new ones into the mix for good measure. I’ve seen it time and again. Everyone believes success will make them content, that they have a fame-shaped hole in their lives, and as soon as that hole is filled they’ll finally be content, but it never happens. They just become more needy and sensitive to criticism.”
Fawn did her best to absorb this advice as she sipped her iced tea. She had agreed to meet with Roderick at this small Colombian restaurant in Silver Lake, far from the glitzy restaurants the top Hollywood talent-wranglers wined and dined potential clients at during the early stages of courtship. She hid behind the largest pair of sunglasses she could find, and she wore a giant floppy hat that covered the top half of her face, like a movie star trying to go incognito. Roderick had assured her that she would be safe here – he knew this place well, and she wasn’t likely to be bothered, but she still wasn’t taking any chances.
The fallout to the whole kidnapping farce had been brutal, and the experience had left her shellshocked. Condemnation was swift once it had emerged that Fawn’s manager was the one behind it all, and she went from being the missing angel in everyone’s prayers to national punchline and social pariah. At times, it seemed like the whole world was out for her blood. Her pleas of innocence went ignored – in the public’s mind, she was at best a willing collaborator, at worst the mastermind behind the entire scheme. She had been forced to check into a hotel under a pseudonym after a kettle of media vultures planted themselves outside her home. Her phone was ringing off the hook with pushy journalists hoping for an exclusive, and from outraged members of the public promising to do much worse. Former associates, people she barely remembered from the Church of the Holy Brethren, or Ze-Rocks performers she had met once or twice, granted interviews to newspapers and tabloid TV shows to besmirch her character. Radio talk show hosts devoted countless hours to the whole sorry saga, painting her as symptomatic of today’s youth, a lost generation devoid of values and mesmerized by superficiality and materialism. Every time she thought it was about to die down, a new angle would emerge and the story would reignite.
This was life as a celebrity. It was only a small taste, and the taste was not pleasant.
The bitter upside to all this was that she now found herself in hot demand. She had a surfeit of fame, and fame was currency in Hollywood, regardless of how it came about. Opportunities were popping up all around her, and since she had no desire to ever work with Julian again, that meant she needed new management. Meetings were arranged with several industry bigwigs, but each one left her wanting to take a shower immediately afterwards. It was the same thing every time – these prospective managers would praise her talent and potential, and they would talk up lucrative multi-album deals and book contracts and film roles and fashion lines. They would say anything to woo her.
Six months ago, this would have been a dream come true, but after everything she had been through, she had grown a lot more cautious. These jackals were no different from Julian, only with nicer clothes, better haircuts, and lavish expense accounts. Like Julian, they promised the world and told her everything she wanted to hear. As flattering as this was, the dumbest thing she could do was sign with one of these agencies. If she couldn’t learn from past mistakes, there was little hope for her. What she needed was a manager like Roderick Knight – someone willing to tell her what she needed to hear, as difficult as that might be.
That was what Roderick did, over an hour and a half at the Colombian restaurant. He laid it out for her and refused to sugarcoat. Yes, she had a terrific voice and years of performing experience, and there were some impressive songs on her demo that could easily slot into high rotation on pop radio. He assured her that he could send her into the studio next week and she would emerge a month and a half later with a decent record. Her current notoriety meant there would be no shortage of attention from the press. Her talent and ambition were not in dispute. The problem was that he could say something similar about a dozen other hopefuls whose demos he listened to every single day.
“There are a limited number of positions available for stardom, and an unlimited number of applicants,” he said. “There are hundreds of thousands of artists here and around the world vying for attention. This year, the majors will attempt to launch the careers of about five hundred of those. That’s the combined total, by the way, not the total for each label. Five hundred out of hundreds of thousands, which equates to, at best, one-half of one percent. Of the five hundred that make it, maybe twenty or thirty will enjoy some sort of immediate success. Of those, about six or seven will still be around in five years’ time.”
These were odds that Fawn was already vaguely aware of. She wasn’t completely naïve. But it was something she preferred not to think about, like if she remained ignorant those rules would somehow not apply to her.
“You’re almost twenty-five, right?” he continued. “So let’s say you’re lucky – you’re extremely lucky – and you have a successful first record, and then you put out a second one that does okay, and then maybe a third, and you have six or seven years in the limelight. After that, the next crop moves in, and you get pushed aside and eventually fade away. That’s nothing against you; it’s just the nature of the beast. The industry skews young, and they’re always looking for the next bright thing to focus their attention on. Madonna’s the outlier; she’s managed to stay relevant longer than anyone else, and even she has more years behind her than ahead of her. So now you’re thirty-two, thirty-three, and you’re back to where you are now, trying to figure out what to do with the rest of your life, only your opportunities are much more limited. The other thing is – and don’t take this the wrong way – you seem far too normal to be a pop star.”
“Too normal?”
Roderick laughed. “I know, right? Only in this town would ‘normal’ be a considered pejorative term. But becoming famous, and I mean household-name-level famous, is not for the faint of heart. The Hollywood machine chews people up and spits them out every day, and many never recover. The ones that manage to thrive are borderline sociopaths. To be honest, you almost have to be sociopathic to remain at that level. It’s an abnormal existence, having that many people know who you are without ever meeting you. So if you’re not prepared to sacrifice everything and everyone in your life to be a star, you’ll probably never make it, because there is always someone willing to do more. As much as we like to pretend otherwise, no one ever makes it on talent alone.”
None of this was easy for Fawn to hear. It was like watching her life’s work crumble before her eyes. But deep down, she knew there was some truth to it. Maybe she had been holding out hope that her career would take off as a way of avoiding reality.
She slouched down a few inches in her seat when she thought she saw the woman two tables across from her looking her way and whispering to her date. She may have imagined it, but she couldn’t be sure.
“This is what I see you doing instead,” Roderick continued. “I think you could have a future as a songwriter. When I heard your demo, the most immediate thing that stood out was the strong vocal melodies. A young Paul McCartney would kill to come out with some of those hooks, and you seem to be able to knock them out like clockwork. That’s probably the result of doing covers for as long as you have. Repetition has burned the magic formula into your subconscious, and now writing melodies has become second nature to you. So what I’m proposing is that we play to your strengths and partner you up with musicians so you can write for other artists. You’ll also have the distinct advantage of writing from a female perspective, since a lot of songs written for women are by men trying to imitate the female voice.”
Despite the disappointment at seeing her pop star dreams disintegrate, Fawn could see the silver lining to all this. Roderick did have a point; perhaps she was ill-suited to the cutthroat world of celebrity and stardom. Maybe she didn’t really want it as much as she thought she did. The intensity of the fame – or the infamy – that she had experienced over the past few weeks had been enough to put her off for good.
“I can’t promise anything, and there are no guarantees,” he said. “But if you’re prepared to do the work, I believe you have a better shot at this than most. So how does that sound?”
“I have to admit, that is an intriguing proposition,” Fawn said. “There’s one small issue, though.”
“Shoot,” Roderick said.
“Right now, I’m broke. Like, seven-dollars-in-the-bank broke. I haven’t been able to work since this whole thing blew up. I’m behind on my rent, and I’ve been taking these meetings just for the free meal. On top of that, I have a huge fine and lawyers’ fees to pay. I need money.”
She thought it was ridiculous that she was fined for wasting police resources given that this was one hundred percent Julian’s fault, but her lawyer advised her not to contest the charges. The sooner this whole debacle was behind her, he said, the better. A prolonged court case would only work against her, given the publicity it would generate, and the lawyers’ fees would far exceed the fine. It might even backfire, and the judge could throw the book at her. After all, she did eventually go along with Julian’s scheme, even if she hadn’t been the one to initiate it, and even if she was under extreme duress at the time.
“I understand,” Roderick said. “Luckily for you, you are quite famous now. Famous people can make more money by accident than regular people can on purpose.”
He threw out a number of potential earning opportunities. They were the usual things available to anyone who had stumbled upon sudden, fleeting fame: nightclub appearances, D-list celebrity product endorsements, advice columnist for tacky supermarket magazines, an advance for a cash-in book deal to write about her experience. He could also set up a tell-all interview with a network television show, probably for a low-six figure sum, but he wasn’t sure that was a good idea. In her precarious mental state, Fawn might not be able to handle such a grilling.
“There is one other thing,” Roderick said. “It would involve a photoshoot and an interview, but the questions would all be softballs. The interviewer will be sympathetic, so it won’t be an interrogation. No one will accuse you of committing a felony just to become famous. I think I could get between fifty and seventy-five thousand, and the whole thing will take up less than a day of your time. The only thing is ...”
Somehow, Fawn knew what he was about to say before he could ask the question.
“... how would you feel about posing for Penthouse?”
 

 
 

1994
 
 
 
Chapter 34
 

The story of Fawn de Jager and the staged kidnapping remained a staple of the nation’s water coolers and the grocery store press for several weeks in late April and early May of 1993. Then in June, a woman took revenge on her abusive husband by slicing off his penis as he slept. The incident triggered endless discussions, debates and jokes, and it appeared to be all anyone could talk about in the second half of the year. The girl who faked her own kidnapping gradually slipped from the public’s consciousness. The following January, the domestic castration saga was usurped when an Olympic figure skater was accused of orchestrating a violent attack on a rival, and the country had a brand new scandal to feast their giddy attention on.
January 1994 was also the month that Fawn appeared on the cover of Penthouse. The shoot and interview took place the previous August, and it was to be the first and last time she would speak publicly about the events of April 1993. She could have done this earlier, but she needed time to get her life together and gain some perspective.
She also used those months to undergo an intense diet and exercise regimen. She looked nothing like a Penthouse model, and so she made it her mission to transform herself into one. Roderick assured her this was not necessary, and that the women who typically appeared in Penthouse didn’t look like Penthouse models either – it was all smoke and mirrors, a combination of hair and makeup, creative lighting, and cutting-edge image manipulation. She understood this, but she still wasn’t willing to take any chances. If she was about to disrobe in front of strangers and be photographed for the whole male population to salivate over, she wanted to be comfortable with how she looked.
The resulting photographs were euphemistically referred to as “tastefully done”, which meant they were monochrome, and she was naked without anyone really seeing anything.
The accompanying article began on page thirty-three. It appeared after the piece about Jay Leno and his collection of cars, and before the one about the case for marijuana decriminalization. For the most part, it presented her experience in a fair and even-handed way, and Fawn had no issue with how she was portrayed. She put forth her side of the story, reiterating that her manager had arranged to have her kidnapped as a publicity stunt without warning her beforehand. She knew that many readers would still not believe her, but she had made a conscious effort to stop caring so much about what others thought of her. What concerned her more were the numerous factual errors scattered throughout the text. It stated that she had been working as a singer in a covers band prior to the kidnapping, rather than as a solo tribute artist, and that she was still a member of the Church of the Holy Brethren, when she most definitely was not. Julian was incorrectly referred to as a former Geffen executive and the man who signed Guns N’ Roses, while an inset photograph claiming to be of her “kidnapper” Steven Sanders was instead one of Beverly Hills, 90210 actor Ian Ziering.
In the months leading up to the January release – her cover was delayed twice when Penthouse landed bigger stars for their November and December issues – she was as nervous as she had ever been, mortified by the thought of hundreds of thousands of strangers ogling her naked body. She was worried that she had made yet another disastrous mistake and would immediately regret going through with this. One glimpse of the final product erased those concerns. The woman peering out from the cover with wet hair and pouting lips, her bronzed torso bound with strategically placed rope, barely looked anything like her. She had to do a double take when she first saw the cover; she thought she had been bumped for a third time. She tried not to think too much about what the readers were doing as they gazed upon her oiled-up body. She preferred to think about what the money had done for her, clearing her debts and giving her the opportunity to move forward with a clean slate.
Shortly after the issue hit the shelves, Jesse resumed leaving messages on her answering machine, suggesting that they meet up for a drink. It seemed that even if his teenage rock star fantasies with Warpistol hadn’t eventuated, he could still enjoy the next best thing by dating a Penthouse model. She deleted each message immediately after listening to them. That was one more mistake from her past that she had no interest in revisiting. 
 
 
The life of Fawn de Jager ended two weeks after the magazine went on sale. Her existence was snuffed out by Felicity Dijksman. The method of dispatch was a series of forms that Felicity completed and filed with a local court clerk, accompanied by a ninety-dollar administration fee, in order to legally revert to her birth name. It was a symbolic gesture, but a necessary one. That part of her life was over. Fawn de Jager was a character she had created, a fantasy avatar she presented to the world, and an ideal she was trying to live up to. Felicity was who she really was. She’d had enough of pretending to be something she wasn’t. It was time to move on with her life.
 
 
 
Chapter 35
 

The Bluebottle Café was a coffeehouse located on San Julian Street. It was a venue popular with alternative types; those who listened to anti-folk and drank herbal tea and wore berets or knitted caps and sunglasses indoors. Live music was showcased every night after nine p.m.
There was a knock on the dressing room door, just as Felicity was finalizing the night’s setlist. She waited a few seconds before responding. “Come in,” she said.
The door opened, and Marcel Beaujour popped his head in. He was her guitarist, a veteran of the LA scene and an accomplished session player. They had been performing as a duo for a few months now after meeting during a songwriting session. It was his connections that had helped secure a Thursday night residency.
“The problem with the PA has been sorted out,” he said. “Ready whenever you are.” 
“Thanks Marcel,” she said. “I’ll be right there.”
“Decent crowd out there,” he said just as he was leaving. “Could be our biggest yet. You’re really starting to draw them in.”
“Decent crowd”, Felicity knew, was a relative term. It meant there was maybe thirty or forty which, with luck, could become fifty-plus by the time they finished. Still, the signs were encouraging. Audience sizes had been steadily increasing in the short time they had been doing this. This may have been because she wasn’t trying so hard to please anymore; she played the music that she wanted to play and the songs that meant something to her, rather than what she thought would land her a record deal and make her famous. It was a more genuine performance, and that honesty came across.
She was realistic about her career prospects, and she knew these gigs weren’t likely to lead to her headlining sold-out stadiums. She did them because this was what she loved to do. She now saw that she had placed too much emphasis on the wrong things, using her music as a potential vessel for wealth and fame rather than appreciating the fulfillment that it gave her. It wasn’t always easy to move on from that mindset, but she was doing her best.
The bigger adjustment was learning not to begrudge anyone else for their success. She hadn’t heard from Karli in some time now, but if life always seemed to pan out for her, that was okay. Regardless of what she achieved, there would always be someone doing better. Being resentful of that was just wasted energy. Watching Julian lurch from one disaster to the next had shown her how damaging envy could be. He may not have been one of the industry’s top dogs anymore, but he had managed to build up LA’s largest tribute artist agency, almost by accident. Plenty of people would be thrilled with that kind of success, but he couldn’t appreciate what he had. His biggest weakness was that he always wanted more, and it had been his undoing.
As well as coming to terms with the way her career had turned out, Felicity was also sorting through the whirlwind of issues with her parents. This made sense, given that the two were inextricably linked. Only now, with the benefit of hindsight and a great deal of self-reflection – not to mention several intense therapy sessions – did she see how her tumultuous childhood had fueled her drive to succeed. Much of it stemmed from an unconscious desire to return to the Pure N Simple years. For all their ups and downs, those were still some of the happiest times of her life – her family was together, they had money, and her best friend was always by her side. Her subconscious was telling her that if she could return to that level of fame, the happiness of those times would follow. Of course, that was far from true.
As expected, Jerry Dijksman made the most of the headlines generated by his daughter, and he did his best to cash in. He scrambled back to LA to grant interviews to anyone willing to toss a few dollars his way or comp him a hotel room for the night, hoping the exposure might lead to a late-in-life breakthrough for his own music, despite not having written or performed in decades. He would passionately defend his daughter’s character in these interviews, but he inevitably did more harm than good, creating further headlines when all Felicity wanted was for the story to disappear. When it eventually did die down and the interview requests dried up, he dug up some previously unheard Pure N Simple recordings and tried to get them released as a new CD. There were no takers from any of the labels.
Felicity had been open to the idea of mending their fractured relationship, and the two had met up a few times, but it was clear that he was never going to change. He would always be her father – just not the father she wanted him to be. As with her dreams of fame and fortune, there came a point where she had to know when to face up to reality and move on with her life.
The situation with her mother was more complicated, but there were encouraging signs that both of them wanted to make amends. Felicity could see that Marcia had been genuinely upset during the whole kidnapping saga, where she had assumed the worst had happened to her daughter, and she was hurt when she later learned the truth. It had taken time to move past the trauma. The two had been meeting up every few weeks, and while there was still a lot of water to pass under the bridge, mostly stemming from Felicity’s abandonment issues in the wake of her parents’ divorce, and again by her mother leaving her and moving to the other side of the world a few years after that, the fact that they were both making an effort suggested there might be hope.
Jerry and Marcia Dijksman may have had their faults, but Felicity tried not to judge them too harshly. They were basically kids themselves when she was born, and they did the best they could under the circumstances. As with many parents who came of age in the sixties, they were a couple of flawed idealists trying to make sense of this whole parenting thing, figuring most of it out as they went along, and watching their own hopes and dreams fade away as the real world came crashing down.
 
 
Felicity’s return to live performance was a disaster. Everything that could go wrong did, from technical malfunctions to vocal incapacity, and her public humiliation began anew. Or at least that was how it played out in her head, long before she set foot anywhere near a stage. That meant she kept putting it off, making excuses and insisting she needed more time to prepare. Marcel saw that she wasn’t likely to do anything without being pushed into it, and so he booked a low-key gig and the Bluebottle on a Tuesday without telling her, which was typically their quietest night of the week. They now had an immovable deadline. Somehow, despite her fears that she was making another huge mistake, not to mention renewed heckling from the Whispering Cynic, she forced herself to go through with it.
She barely looked up at the audience when she stepped on stage – there were less than twenty people in attendance that night – but the five-song set sailed by without major incident. Reflecting on it later, once the fear and the adrenaline had worn off, she was surprised by how much she enjoyed the experience. She had always loved to sing, but this was the first time in years she had performed simply for the pleasure of performing, and without being burdened by an overwhelming sense of desperation. She wanted to do it again. The second show was easier, as was the third, and the fourth, and the tenth and the twentieth.
She still wasn’t entirely comfortable with people looking at her, and she made sure the lighting was just enough for the audience to see her and Marcel, but not enough for anyone to be able to pick them out of a line-up ten minutes after the show had finished. The drama with the media may have died down, but it could flare up at any moment. She received the occasional double-take whenever she went out in public, mostly from people who thought they recognized her but didn’t know how, but for the most part she was allowed to go about her life without being bothered. Changing her name was a big part of it. So was the fact that she no longer resembled the trembling waif that appeared before the nation’s media immediately after her kidnapping, or the glam creature Penthouse had transformed her into months after that. She had shed her blonde locks, her hair returning to its natural mousy color after years of peroxide abuse. She prioritized comfort over style when deciding what to wear, and food was no longer an enemy to be battled daily.
The Whispering Cynic remained a constant combative companion, still striking at the worst possible times with its unwelcome inner musings, but she had learned to live with it so it no longer dominated her life.
Over the last few months, she had built up the beginnings of a small following. Some in the audience would have seen her before and had come here specifically to watch her perform, while others would have ventured out tonight to see some live music and this just happened to be the nearest venue. Some may have been meeting up with friends and had no interest in who was playing. Some came for the cheap drinks or the vegan menu. That was fine, too. The point of music wasn’t to generate wealth and notoriety for the performers; it was there to create a communal experience and help people connect with one another, or to brighten someone’s day. Music can help the listener through a difficult time, or it can be a pleasant distraction from the banalities of everyday life. A good song doesn’t have to change the world, but the world was always a better place for having good music in it.
The best part about these shows was that they were the ideal environment to road-test her new material. If a song sounded good with just an acoustic guitar, her voice, and the occasional keyboard accompaniment, she knew it had potential. Her songwriting career was progressing in smalls steps, and she was completing an average of a new song every two weeks. Two songs from the demo she sent to Roderick, “Glide” and “Revelations”, had done the rounds within the industry, along with several new ones that she had worked on with other musicians – credited under her birth name, not her former stage name. Producers working on upcoming albums by Vanessa Williams and SWV had played the songs for the artists, and the response so far had been positive.
Collaborating with other producers and songwriters, Brill Building-style, was another new experience that she was still adjusting to. It often felt like working on a production line, and at other times it felt like a blind date. As with many blind dates, the process could be awkward and excruciating, especially when there was an obvious absence of chemistry. Writing on demand sometimes felt unnatural, and there were days where nothing came, no matter how long she stared at the blank sheet of paper, but overall she had few complaints. The fleeting moments of inspiration made up for the hours of pain and frustration. When she landed upon a lyric or a melody that she knew could become the foundation for something special, there was no other feeling like it. No matter how many times she did it, there was still something mysterious about the whole songwriting process, whereby something was created out of thin air. Art could now exist where previously there was silence. She would begin with a pen and paper and a blank tape, and then hours or days later she would have the skeleton of a full song. It felt especially good to know that she was being paid for something she had spent half of her life doing for free.
The murmur from the crowd lifted a little. She checked her appearance one final time, before stepping out of the dressing room and making the short walk toward the stage. It wasn’t the Forum or Madison Square Garden, but that didn’t matter. She had something better than that; she got to wake up every morning knowing that she could spend her day doing the thing she loved the most. It was more than most people had, and it was something she never wanted to take for granted.
 
 
 
Chapter 36
 

Even though Rahul Srivas knew Fawn de Jager and Felicity Dijksman were one and the same, his mind still had trouble connecting the singer up on stage with the one he knew from a little over a year ago. Her hair was shorter and darker, and she had an overall healthier glow, but the differences were more than just in her appearance. It had to do with the way she carried herself, and how she seemed happier and more relaxed. She appeared much more comfortable in her own skin. He had seen her smile more times in the last ten minutes than she had during that entire week at Bakersfield – understandable, given the vastly different circumstances.
He sipped his lemon squash as he watched the performance from his spot at the back of the room. The Bluebottle Café was not a large venue, and so he was maybe thirty feet from the stage. It was a strange feeling to be in such proximity to Felicity after all this time. Slightly voyeuristic too, given that he could see her clearly without her being able to see him.
The last time they spoke was just before she jumped out of the van in the early hours of that Friday morning. That day also happened to be the last time he spoke to Steven, when he was abruptly fired and forced to hitchhike home from the middle of nowhere.
News of Steven’s arrest broke the morning after he arrived home – the police had tracked him down via a copy of the hostage video, where he reused an old Frequency21 tape without wiping it first. Julian’s arrest came a day later. A nauseating waiting game followed, because Rahul knew he was next in line. It was only a matter of time before the police kicked in his door and dragged him away in handcuffs. His greatest fears had manifested. Jail cells, lawyers, court rooms and deportation all lay in his immediate future.
But the days of waiting turned to weeks, and his fear gradually whittled away. He followed the case in the newspapers, anticipating the moment when one of them would finally give him up, but it never happened.
He often wondered why this was. Even if he wasn’t the driving force behind the whole debacle, as Julian and Steven were, he was still an accessory. Perhaps Steven had undergone a spiritual awakening during his time in custody and decided that he needed to take full responsibility for everything that had happened. He may have seen the error of his ways and felt guilty for browbeating Rahul into going along with such a reckless scheme. That remained a possibility, but it was also severely out of character. A more plausible scenario involved Steven trying to rat him out – or, just as likely, trying to pin all the blame on him – only he couldn’t provide any information about Rahul beyond his first name. Steven never could remember his surname, or he didn’t bother to learn it. He basically knew nothing about Rahul. He didn’t have his phone number or know where he lived, because he kept no employee records. In fact, Rahul had never officially been employed by either Frequency21 or Supreme Seizures.
Once everything had died down, he made a few cautious enquiries into Steven’s whereabouts. He didn’t find out where he was, only that he was no longer living at his place at Reseda, having fled several weeks earlier without notifying anyone. He was behind in his rent, and he still owed money to multiple creditors.
It wasn’t difficult to figure out what had happened. All of Steven’s plans had collapsed, he was in trouble with the law, and he was no closer to paying back Tony Okura than when this whole thing started. He had no option but to pack up and leave LA for good. He didn’t know where he had absconded to, but if he had to speculate, he’d say that he had moved far, far away and was unlikely to ever return.
In the months that followed, Rahul did his best to move on with his life and put the whole unpleasant episode behind him. The first thing he needed to do was find a new job, since he was unemployed and owed more than a month’s wages that he was never going to see. Rather than scour the classifieds, he compiled a tape showcasing his work from Frequency21, which he then hand-delivered to as many networks and production houses as he could. He landed an interview two days later, and he was hired by the end of the week. He was now an assistant editor for an outfit located in Glendale that produced television commercials, most of which seemed to be for breakfast cereals and kids’ toys. The job basically entailed doing all the menial tasks that the senior editor didn’t want to do, and the money was nothing to get excited about, but overall he had few complaints. After his previous job, this was exactly what he needed: stability, predictability, and a regular paycheck.
By the time the new year rolled around, he had settled comfortably into his new life. The wild events of the previous April had faded from memory, and he barely gave them a moment’s thought anymore. It wasn’t until he noticed the flyer in a bookstore window advertising the upcoming performances at the Bluebottle Café that it all came rushing back.
It took him a moment to place the name Felicity Dijksman, and to remember where he had heard it before. It took longer to decide whether he wanted to see her. He didn’t know if turning up unannounced was a good idea. Maybe that was a period of their lives neither of them wanted to revisit. Some things were best left in the past, and perhaps this was one of them. But after a couple of days of going back and forth in his mind, he decided to take the chance. He arrived midway through her set, watched her perform from the back of the room, and he made a beeline for the exit as soon as the final song ended.
Tonight was the fourth time he had come to see her play. He still hadn’t found the courage to approach her. He thought he was going to do it last week, but he bailed at the last second. He didn’t know how she would react; maybe she still held a grudge after everything that had happened. The last thing he wanted was to dredge up past traumas when she was trying to move on with her life.
On the other hand, it might be good for both of them to clear the air and talk about it. He had read her interview several times by now, where she made it clear that she placed the blame squarely on Julian’s shoulders. There was no mention of himself or Steven.
Maybe tonight would be the night he would finally do it. He only had to wait for the set to finish, and then he would walk up and say hello just before she left the stage. He would tell her how much he had enjoyed the performance, and joke about how he wasn’t there to abduct her again. Or maybe the joke wasn’t such a good idea. But the rest, he could manage. If he could find the courage to walk into the newsagent to purchase that copy of Penthouse without dissolving into a puddle of embarrassment, he could surely work up the nerve to have a quick word with Felicity.
Or perhaps he would just sit there with the rest of the crowd and enjoy another night of good music.
 
 
Reading the Penthouse article aroused mixed feelings in Julian. It raked over a period of his life he was eager to distance himself from, where so much had gone so wrong in such a short space of time: arrest, public humiliation, bankruptcy, rehab, legal woes. He didn’t need to be reminded of all that, because he had lived through it. And yet ... he still could not suppress the swelling sense of pride deep down inside of him. For one beautifully brief moment, there was a story that had captivated the entire nation, and it was all his doing. This just might be his greatest accomplishment. The problem, he now saw, was not that he was crazy for attempting such a stunt. The problem was that he wasn’t crazy enough. He could have gone even bigger.
Fawn’s appearance in Penthouse – and on the cover, no less – was irrefutable proof that he had lost none of his magic. He had set himself the goal of transforming her from a washed-up nobody into a household name, and that was exactly what he had done. He had aimed high and exceeded his wildest expectations. Millions of dollars’ worth of publicity had been generated for an outlay a few thousand – and there was no such thing as bad publicity. Forget all those other Hollywood shysters and Generation X pretenders, he was still the number one hype merchant in the business. He could show them all how it was done.
The downside, of course, was that despite laying the groundwork for Fawn’s stunning career resurgence, he would not get to enjoy the fruits of his labor. Even worse, it was Roderick Knight that had swooped in to capitalize on all his hard work. That part gnawed away at him, but he could deal with it in due course. Roderick didn’t know it yet, but he had given Julian a new lease on life. That was all the motivation he needed. His thirst for revenge had been ignited.
This would be the launchpad for his big comeback: Silver Star Records Mark II. The label would return bigger and bolder, with a new roster of artists more reflective of the times, ready to define music for the second half of the nineties. The whole Warpistol misfire was now behind him. The group had dissolved due to band members’ creative differences, addiction issues and constant infighting; the logical conclusion for a group constructed entirely from rock star clichés. The 20,322 copies sold of Hair Of The Dog That Bitch Ya didn’t come close to recouping the $1.3 million he had spent on them. Even if they had managed to stick around long enough to record a second album, that window of opportunity had closed. Julian understood that now. They were never going to receive significant airplay in the current climate. MTV was more likely to play a white power rock band than anything from a group of effeminate men with teased hair who took synchronized leaps off drum risers. He needed to cut his losses and move with the times – and he had just the band to do that.
Their name was Nine Wretched Lives. Their genre was prosaic post-grunge Prozac-rock. Their songs were complaining set to drop-D tuning. He had discovered them one night at a local club. At the time they were known as the Loose Cannons, and their sound was jangly Smiths-style indie rock. He promised he could turn them into superstars if they changed their name, grew their hair, sang like they had underbites, moved to Seattle, ditched the corduroy and dressed like apprentice mechanics, and smothered their songs with feedback and distortion. Nirvana’s abrupt demise had created a cavernous void in that market, and Nine Wretched Lives were ready fill it. They sucked on purpose.
The past year had been grueling, but Julian had come out the other side reinvigorated. He felt twenty years younger. He was still at the top of his game, even if he was a bit rusty. His kidnapping idea was a ten out of ten, but the execution was only a six. Next time, he would be better prepared, and he would do it all with a sober mind. He was already brainstorming potential publicity stunts for Nine Wretched Lives. He would show Roderick Knight who the real star was.
It was only a matter of time before he was back on top.
 
 
 
Chapter 37
 

“Interesting selection of reading material you have there, Purcell.”
Officer Dale Purcell looked up from the magazine he had his nose buried in to find Diana Morales grinning at him. He threw down the Penthouse – a little too fast, like a teenage boy trying to hide it from his mother, even though it was obvious she had seen it.
“I only bought it for the articles.” There was a self-conscious squeak in his voice. He hoped he wasn’t blushing.
“There’s no need to explain yourself,” Morales said. “I joined the force in the seventies. I’ve walked in on my male colleagues doing far worse.”
“Very funny. I’m reading the feature on Fawn de Jager. It’s research for the new screenplay.”
“Extremely thorough research, I’m sure.”
“Well, it is one of the most important stages of the writing process.” He said this with a wry smile, hoping to affect an air of nonchalance to compensate for his embarrassment.
Despite the many hours he had put into rewriting and polishing his Darker Impulses script, it had ultimately failed to attract the kind of industry attention he had hoped for. He decided it was time to place it to one side and move on with his next project. His plan now was to write a script based on the phony kidnapping saga – or “inspired by”, to avoid potential libel suits. There had been rumors of other screenwriters doing something similar, but only he had the insider knowledge. His familiarity and proximity to the case would give him a distinct advantage over the competition, and his script would have the most authentic voice.
That was the plan, at least. Then he sat down to write the thing, and a host of problems soon reared their ugly head. First and foremost was that the story was much too slight. The stakes were far too low, and there was a lack of real drama throughout. At first glance, the story appeared to be one where an evil British genius concocted a nefarious scheme to have an innocent young girl kidnapped in order to satisfy his desire for fame and fortune. Further investigation revealed that none of the participants were really that evil, nor was anyone that innocent. There were certainly no geniuses involved, only a couple of bumbling criminals of sub-average intelligence. The cops more or less figured out what was happening by accident.
This was a problem he had encountered before. When he first tried his hand at screenwriting, he assumed his years on the force would serve as a deep reservoir of material from which he could draw, but the reality was somewhat different. There were few criminal masterminds in the world – or there were few criminal masterminds in his world, at least. The majority of crimes he dealt with were perpetrated by opportunistic rubes who barely put any thought or planning into what they were doing.
That meant he would have to take liberties with the narrative and make some changes. The villains would need to become smarter and more menacing. They had to be larger-than-life characters, and capable of real violence. The antihero cop investigating the case would have to be fictional, a composite based on real-life figures, and with a complex backstory. He may as well lift Harrison Vandermeer from his Darker Impulses script and transplant him into this one. Vandermeer was the type of cop who would work night and day to hunt down the kidnappers, playing by his own rules and ignoring a direct order from his superiors to stay away from the case.
Then there were the sex scenes: a minimum of four, maybe more. He just needed to figure out how and where to shoehorn them all in. The career of the mighty Joe Eszterhas had soared to new heights in recent years, and he now stood alone as Hollywood’s hottest scribe. He was the only screenwriter in history to draw audiences into the theatres on a level akin to that of a movie star. Sliver was a massive hit, almost equaling the box office takings of Basic Instinct, and he had two more erotic thrillers in production for which he was being paid the princely sum of four million dollars apiece. Officer Purcell would need some of that spice for his own script if he wanted it to gain traction. He could throw Harrison Vandermeer and his partner, a fiery Latino woman, into a torrid affair as they investigated the case. Perhaps he could explore the weird kidnap-bondage-fetish angle that was somehow tied up in all of this. Maybe include a steamy romance between Vandermeer and the kidnapped girl.
“The biggest problem here is the conflicting accounts,” he said with a weary sigh. “To tell you the truth, I doubt we’ll ever know what really happened last April. Maybe I should write it in a kind of Rashomon structure, with each character giving their own version of events.”
He flicked through a few pages of the magazine, taking a moment to run his eyes over the text.
“You and I weren’t mentioned once in this article. Did you know that? You’d think we’d warrant at least a passing reference, given that we were the ones who solved the damn case.”
Morales gave him a sympathetic what-can-you-do look. “Hey, if we wanted extravagant praise just for doing our job, I guess we’d have become actors.”
“Yeah, I suppose you’re right.” Purcell closed the magazine and pushed it aside.
“Anyway, this is what I wanted to talk to you about.” Morales removed a photograph from her folder and slid it across the desk. “Something I thought you might be interested in. Hiroto Okura – does that name mean anything to you?”
Purcell held the picture up in front of him. It was of an Asian man in a dark suit and sunglasses, stepping out of a black Mercedes. His hair was slicked back, Gordon Gecko-style. It had been shot from a distance with a telephoto lens. 
“It might,” he said. “Where would I have heard of him?”
“He’s a local businessman. Also goes by the name Tony Okura. Made millions importing microprocessors and semiconductors in the mid-eighties, which he then poured into nightclubs and restaurants. One of those clubs was Halcyon – the one that burned down a couple of weeks ago in suspicious circumstances.”
“Oh yeah, I know who you mean. He’s the Yakuza guy, right?”
“That’s where the story becomes interesting.” Morales grabbed the nearest chair and pulled it up close. “For years, there were rumors surrounding his alleged Yakuza affiliations. The organized crime division and the FBI had been monitoring him closely, but they could never catch him in the act. This guy was ultra, ultra careful, and so disciplined. He went to great lengths to present himself as a law-abiding citizen. He never slipped up, not once. Then, when his club burned down, they started digging deeper into his past. They were concerned this might be the start of an international gang war, and they wanted to get on top of it before it escalated. They began communicating with the Asian intelligence agencies, asking them to delve further into his background. You know what they came back with?”
“No. What?”
“Turns out there’s a reason why they could never catch Tony Okura doing anything illegal. It’s because the guy’s about as connected to the Yakuza as he is to Scandinavian royalty.”
Purcell dropped the photograph onto his desk. “He made it all up?”
“Uh-huh. He fabricated his entire backstory, inventing this whole new notorious persona for himself. He would do things like create fake newspaper articles about himself and deliver them to people he wanted to intimidate. He was missing a finger, which he claimed was the fallout from a blood feud, but the truth was that it was severed years ago in a boating mishap. He spoke in broken English and with a heavy accent around other people, which he thought made him sound more menacing, but there are tapped phone calls where he converses in perfect English with barely any trace of an accent. He was playing a character this whole time. He kept it up for years.”
“That is insane. Why would he do that?”
“It’s obvious, isn’t it? He did it for the business advantage. People are more likely to fall into line if they think they might end up with their tongue cut out and their lips sewn shut.”
“He wanted the respect and power that came with being a made man,” Purcell said, shaking his head. “But he didn’t want to have to deal with any of the messy business.”
“Anyway, his plan worked, at least for a while. People were terrified of him. But word eventually filtered back to members of the real Yakuza, which appears to be where it all began to unravel for him.”
“Yikes. I’m guessing they wouldn’t take too kindly to an outsider exploiting their name and reputation for financial gain.”
“You guessed right. Especially if they weren’t getting anything out of it themselves. Which brings us to last week’s fire.”
Officer Morales filled Purcell in on everything that had taken place in the past few days. Halcyon, one of the clubs owned by Tony Okura, was burned to the ground in the middle of the night. Investigations were ongoing, but arson appeared to be the likely cause. Police had tried speaking with Tony Okura, but he was nowhere to be found.
There were two theories surrounding his abrupt disappearance. One was that after learning about this imposter who had been trading off their name, representatives from the real Yakuza were dispatched to issue their version of a cease and desist, in the form of a raging disco inferno, along with demands for compensation for infringing on their trademark. Tony Okura, fearing for his life, was now in hiding.
The other theory was that no prior warning was issued. Tony Okura had been bound and gagged, stuffed into the trunk of a car, taken to an empty warehouse, hacked into small pieces with a meat cleaver, then fed to a tiger shark kept in the aquarium that the head of the Yakuza had in his luxury high-rise apartment.
“Do they really do that?” Purcell said.
“The part about the tiger shark and the high-rise apartment was just speculation,” Morales said. “But I’ve seen a few Yakuza films. It seems like the kind of thing they might do.”
“Wow. That is one remarkable story.”
One remarkable story. Maybe even the perfect story.
A tiny spark of creativity flickered to life in Purcell’s prefrontal cortex. That spark landed on a pile of combustible material, which ignited to form a raging fire.
The entire plot seemed to fall into place with almost no effort on his part. There was action, drama, shootouts, car chases, double-crosses. Harrison Vandermeer investigating what appeared to be a simple case of arson, only to be dragged into the murky Japanese underworld and stumbling across a conspiracy that went all the way to the top. A renegade cop playing by his own rules, forced to step outside the boundaries of the law after being hamstrung by bureaucracy. An illicit romance with his Latino partner. Or maybe with the young Japanese woman he rescues from human trafficking. A minimum of four sex scenes. It was the kind of story that Martin Scorsese would go crazy for. Or perhaps Scorsese was a little optimistic. But someone like Brian DePalma or John Woo, for sure.
The script about Fawn de Jager and the strange kidnapping went on the backburner. He may return to it at a later date, but for now he had something much more delicious to pursue.
He grabbed his coat, and he tossed the Penthouse into his desk’s bottom drawer. He would collect it before he left for the day. He might not be interested in the kidnapping story anymore, but he still wanted to read the letters. They were the best part of the magazine, even if they were obvious works of fiction.
 
 
 
Dear Penthouse,
I know this is going to sound like an absurd fantasy, but I promise that every word of what you are about to read (and more!) really did happen.
It was a Tuesday afternoon like any other when I trudged out of the office to take my lunch break. Just another unremarkable day in an unremarkable life. I was minutes away from my regular taco place when a smoke-spewing, sludge-colored van rumbled up beside me. At first, I didn’t give it a second thought. Just some delivery driver going about his daily business, I assumed.
The door on the side opened. It was then I noticed the blacked-out windows. I thought that was odd, but I was not concerned. I was on a moderately busy street in the middle of the day, in a part of the city I walked up and down every day. I never had to worry about my safety around here.
Which is why I was so shocked when a man twice my size grabbed me from behind and threw me into the back of the vehicle.
The door was locked shut. The van sped off. I was in complete darkness and scared out of my wits.
Panic consumed my whole body. My mind went into overdrive. Who were these people? Kidnappers? Terrorists? Human traffickers? And what did they want with an insignificant nobody like me?
A light came on, and I laid eyes on my captors for the first time: four extraordinarily beautiful young women, each wearing orange jumpsuits and suggestive smiles.
I heard their story in the moments that followed: the four had conducted a daring prison escape earlier that day with the express purpose of seducing the first man they came across. These women had not enjoyed intimate male company in years. Their isolation and enforced celibacy had spurred them to take such drastic measures. Their unfulfilled libidos had driven them wild.
Let me tell you, they were not exaggerating about that! Their passions were nothing short of insatiable, and I was mauled like they had spent untold lonely nights dreaming of this moment. There was nothing I could do except lie there and marvel at this remarkable turn of events as these four felonious goddesses used me to live out their long-held desires. One by one they had their way with me, and still they came back for more.
I wish I knew how long this all lasted. My watch told me one hour had elapsed by the time they dropped me off in the same spot from where they picked me up, leaving me with nothing more than a smile on my face and a headful of wonderfully bizarre memories, but it felt like I had lived through years of experience. I stumbled back into the office a changed man. Despite my rumpled appearance, my work colleagues were none the wiser – if only they knew!
Life returned to normal in the days and weeks that followed, but that brief encounter lives on in my mind. The world I had previously taken for granted, the daily grind of routine and predictability, now appeared brimming with endless possibilities. Perhaps the greatest beneficiary of all this has been my wife of eighteen years. She has noticed the extra spring in my step, and the ever-present sunny mood that seems to have taken over me. The way we kiss when I leave for work every morning, and again when I return of an evening. The way our lovemaking has gone from a biannual obligation to a tri-weekly enjoyment. Maybe she suspects something, but given the new and improved husband she now finds herself sharing a bed with, I doubt she would care too much if she knew the truth.
I often find myself wondering what became of those four nubile escapees. I scoured the newspapers for months afterwards, searching for any mention of their escape or apprehension, but I never found anything. Were it not for the lash marks crisscrossing my chest and back, I might have questioned whether the whole thing really did happen.
And before any of your readers get the wrong idea, I can assure you that I am just a regular Joe Schmo, no different from many of you: five-six, nearsighted, and the owner of a body that is more Arnold from Happy Days than Arnold Schwarzenegger. However, you should know that every now and then, miracles do occur. The most incredible experiences can enter your life when you least expect it.
 
 
 
Also by Nathan Allen
 
All Against All
Hollywood Hack Job
Horrorshow
The War On Horror: Tales From A Post-Zombie Society
The War On Horror II: Return Of The Undead Menace 

Email: nathanallen10101@gmail.com
 
Twitter: @NathanAWrites


