Pride and Preference
Copyright 2014 Mia Rodriguez

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


Table of Contents

Preface
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Epilogue


Preface

Losers need not apply. 
That was the iron clad rule the jovial but lioness with protecting her cubs Doña Chona Longoria had concerning boyfriends for her four lovely daughters.  At her age, she had seen way too much ridiculousness, too many of what she called bad carambas (for goodness sakes) of girls and women ending up in the most horrid and harmful relationships.
So she had compiled a list of loser boyfriends prohibited to her daughters:
*Giggy gigolos only wanting a free meal ticket.
*Lazy leeches sucking the very lifeblood from their victims.
*Domineering dreadfuls obsessed with manipulating and dominating everyone and everything around them.
*Lying lascivious lumps of wasted human flesh.
Also:
Absolutely not permitted—sidewalk spitters, constant farters, avid nose pickers, commitment phobes, toilet missers, bellowing belchers, and smelly burp competitors.
Definitely no males with—work allergies, roving eyeballs, spend-the-last-dollar-on-a-beer malignancy, and stomach like a potbellied pig but you shouldn’t have an ounce of fat attitude.
And especially no condescending fellas who didn’t like her family! It was of colossal importance that any suitors join the whole family and not just one member of it.
Doña Chona kept adding to the list as she saw fit.  Because she had all those disasters in her extended family and her poor deceased husband was no longer around, the heavy load of making certain her daughters ended up in  healthy relationships fell squarely on her shoulders. With her firm and fierce determination, her daughters had to end up with hardworking, upright males with very bright futures.  There was just no two ways about it.  She would make absolute certain of it!
No bad caramba fellows for her precious daughters!
Just good caramba boyfriends!!!


Chapter 1

Once upon a long time ago, Doña Chona had prayed fervently that God give her only sons.  But God had fooled her and given her only one son, the eldest, and four daughters.  She had foolishly thought that having sons would guarantee devotion to the mother since boys were generally closer to their mothers and girls to their fathers.  Nowadays Doña Chona looked to the heavens with a big sigh of relief and gave thanks for an all mighty who knew what was best for her.  
As it had turned out, her only son had gone off and wed when she had needed him the most.  To make matters worse, Balbino Jr. never helped her with a single cent even when he married into a wealthy family and made a huge salary working in his in-laws' prosperous shoe manufacturing business.  Instead, she was left to forge on with only scarce resources when her husband had died while falling from the roof as he was trying to patch it.
It had been her eldest daughter, Eloisa, who had given up so much to help her since Doña  Chona would never have made ends meet with her scant salary from the Southwest Cannery.  Once Carmela, her second eldest daughter, had graduated from high school, she too brought home her paycheck from the Happy Kids Daycare.  Then there were her two youngest daughters, Lola and Marta, sixteen and fifteen respectively, two giggly girls, but nonetheless so full of life that they were the apple of their mother's eye.
Doña Chona often admired her girls as they watched television.  She looked at each, one at a time, and smiled.  Her heart swelled with pride as she remembered the compliments she often received.
“Your girls are so responsible.”
“Your girls are absolutely beautiful.”
“Your girls are exemplary.”
The eldest ones received the most compliments.  In fact, through the years many of the parents in the neighborhood would only allow their daughters to go out if they were in the responsible company of the eldest Longoria sisters.  These parents knew that Eloisa and Carmela never partook in trouble making activities and were always home on time, without complaint.  
If Doña Chona had one tiny lament though, it was that Eloisa was a bit too harsh on the younger girls.  She was the one who had implemented a strict curfew and limited their outings.  Even at this exact moment, Eloisa was making certain the younger Longoria sisters finished their homework.
“Mama, why do we have to do this now?” grumbled Lola.  “It's Friday.  We have the whole weekend!”
Doña Chona looked at her eldest daughter.  “Caramba, Eloisa, maybe they can finish their homework later.”
“No, Mama, it's better if they get it out of the way,   I'm not asking them to do anything I'm not doing.  I'm finishing my college homework too.”
Doña Chona nodded.  “Your sister is right.  Do as she says.”
“Finish your homework,” Eloisa stated.
“Okay, you’re Majesty” retorted Lola, grimacing.
Eloisa ignored her sarcasm. “Besides, there's no time to do it tomorrow.  We're going to the christening.”   
“The christening!” exclaimed Marta.  
“A big fiesta!” expressed Lola excitedly. “With lots of food, music, and fun!”
“We won't go if you don't finish your homework,” remarked Eloisa.  “And you know I mean it.” 
“Whatever!” 
“Lola!  Don't talk to your sister like that,” scolded Doña Chona.
“But, Mama, she never lets us have any fun,” grumbled Lola.
“Never!” burst Marta.
Eloisa eyed Marta and Lola sternly. “You can have fun when you finish your homework.” 
After Lola and Marta eyed each other with an exasperated look, they returned to their books.  Doña Chona smiled at Eloisa knowing that she didn't actually want to go to the christening of Balbino Jr.'s newly born son.  Eloisa had complete distaste for her brother's high living ways.  But Doña Chona had her own special motive for wanting her daughters to attend.  Yes, Balbino Jr. was a snob.  Yes, his wife thought she was the queen of El Paso.  Yes, it would probably be a boring, lifeless get-together with no piñatas or mariachis anywhere to be seen. It would be a bad caramba party in that way. 
But . . . 
And it was a big but, many successful eligible males would be there.  If Doña Chona got her daughters interested in the right kind of beaus, maybe they wouldn’t end up with the wrong misfortunes that would surely only serve to break their tender hearts and winning spirits.  
Horrible bad, bad carambas.
Instead, with her discerning eye—great, great carambas!  

Chapter 2

Balbino Jr. and his wife, Ivana, stood in one of the private rooms at St. Anthony's cathedral.  The English nanny had the baby as Ivana paced nervously.
“Your family better not embarrass us, Balb,” she demanded, her face in a tight scrunch.
Balbino Jr. made an anguished face. “I, like you, would've preferred not to invite them, but how would it have looked if the father's family wasn't here?”
“I know, I know, Balb.  They're a necessary evil.”
“I'll keep a watch on them,” he assured profusely. When it came to what he considered to be his uncouth and horribly embarrassing family, Balbino Jr. felt a profound shame, especially with his mother. He just couldn’t abide that she frequently used what he considered to be an unnecessary, crass, and in elegant word—caramba. It was like always saying yikes or geez, depending on the sentence. How low class in his eyes. He hated the word caramba so much that he tried to ban it from his mother’s mouth, but Doña Chona didn’t see anything wrong with the word and to her son’s horror and chagrin, she kept using it. “Yes, I’ll definitely keep a very close eye on my family.”
“You do that, My Sweet,” Ivana demanded.

Doña Chona and her daughters sat in one of the pews as the cathedral started to fill up.  Eloisa stared straight ahead wishing this whole uppity ordeal would be over soon.  Her mother had made her daughters wear their best outfits.  It had taken poor Lola half an hour to pull up Eloisa's waist length, unruly, curly, jet black hair in a knot on top of her head when all Eloisa usually did was run a pick through it, letting it roam free, and head out the door.  But her mother had insisted she do something with her wild mop.  
Doña Chona suddenly poked Eloisa and Carmela to get their attention.
“Look, look,” Doña Chona whispered loudly to Eloisa and Carmela, pointing to the doors. Lola and Marta weren’t paying attention to their mother. Instead, they were excitedly squirming and fidgeting in their seats as they scanned the church to see who was there. They couldn’t wait for the actual party to start after the religious ceremony.
“What is it?” asked Eloisa.  She turned to see two tall, dark, and handsome gentlemen with dark brown hair and eyes and sienna skin tones.  Even though they both looked like each other as if they were related, one had a smiling, cute, boyish face and the other stared sternly into the cathedral.
“That's Dario and Fernando Quintana,” asserted Doña Chona. 
Carmela eyed the younger man of the two. “Who are they?”
“Who are they?” repeated a surprised Doña Chona.  “Caramba! You really don’t know?”
“Are they famous?” asked Carmela.
“The Quintana family owns The Sports Store.  Dario Quintana took over the family business when his parents died in a car accident and then took the store national,” Doña Chona explained with admiration.  “Those stores are everywhere in the country and in Mexico.  And Dario Quintana is said to be a whiz in business.  He may be a bit prideful, but he's very, very smart and hardworking.”
“What about the brother, the one with the smile?” asked Carmela.
“Even though Fernando is not the genius his brother is, he helps with the family business.  He’s also smart and hardworking,” declared Doña Chona, pleased that Carmela was taking an interest in him.
“Mama, how is it that you know all of this?” asked Eloisa.
“Caramba, I'm a mother of four daughters,” she stated, indignantly.  “I've got to know these things.”
The ceremony started, so they immediately stopped speaking.  Under normal circumstances it would take a miracle for Doña Chona to quiet down, but even she felt that talking over the words and prayers of a priest would give her a one way ticket to the most unpleasant place in the hereafter.  
While the bishop was blessing Balbino Jr.’s son, Eloisa noticed that Fernando, who was seated in the pew across from them, kept stealing glances at her sister.  When it came to her beautiful sibling, Eloisa was accustomed to this happening.  She was all but ignored by the opposite sex when she was with Carmela, but it didn't bother her at all.  Eloisa had enough heartache in her background for her to be hungering for a room full of suitors.
This new conquest of Carmela started to become more and more blatant in his staring.  While Eloisa didn't care for his brother, who seemed arrogant and hadn't cracked one smile since he had arrived, Fernando seemed affable enough smiling at everyone.  
After the ceremony, the Longoria family headed out in Eloisa's old but well taken care of car to Balbino Jr.'s new home.  Balbino Jr. and Ivana had lived with her parents in their supposed palace when they had first married.  When the baby was born, Ivana's father, Mr. Torres, had bought them a home in El Paso's scenic drive area which was on the side of a mountain and had a panoramic view of the city.
“Wow!” exclaimed Lola when they drove up to her brother’s new mansion. “Isn’t this place mega-awesome?!”
Even Eloisa couldn't help but have her breath yanked out from inside of her.  The house was a multi-story beige home with pillars and a verandah.  It had the look of an old southern home.  In fact, it had a more than passing resemblance to Thousand Oaks of Gone with The Wind.  
“Our brother is so full of money!” blurted Lola.
Marta nodded energetically. “Yeah!”
“He's full of something alright,” retorted Eloisa.
The parking attendants looked at Eloisa’s car strangely as the family stepped out.  Eloisa gave them an irritated glance.  Her form of transportation may not have been the grandest amongst all the Mercedes, BMW's, and expensive type of vehicles there, but they could all lump it because she loved her dependable car.
Outside, in the sizable back yard, a symphony played classical music and caterers were about to serve dinner on elegant tables with striking flower centerpieces.  The Longorias were seated at the main table with Balbino Jr. keeping a watchful eye on them.  
“You've met my sister, Jacqueline, haven't you?” asked Ivana to Doña Chona.
“Yes, we've met her,” said Doña Chona as Jacqueline gave them a sneering glance that sized them up in one sweep of her eyelashes.
“The gentlemen next to her are Dario Quintana and his brother Fernando,” explained Ivana.  “Dario and Fernando, this is my mother-in-law, Doña Chona, and her daughters, Eloisa, Carmela, Lola, and Marta.”
“I'm so pleased to meet you,” blurted Fernando, gazing at Carmela who in turn smiled at him.  “Please call me Fernie.”
“Hi, Fernie,” murmured Carmela, her face flushed.


Chapter 3

Eloisa wished with all her might that she would have been able to stay home.  This snobbish christening party was just not to her liking at all.  AT ALL!
“The Quintana family is in business with my own,” stated Ivana with a nasal voice.  “We make sports footwear and they sell them.”
“Caramba, I hear you sell a lot of shoes, make tons of money!” burst Doña Chona. “Are you billionaires or just ordinary millionaires?”
“Mother!” admonished Balbino Jr., horrified.
Dario raised one eyebrow.  Ivana glared at Balbino Jr. with a scrunched face and shook her head.  Eloisa swallowed hard.  
 “This is a beautiful home,” Eloisa expressed quickly.
“Yeah, beautiful!” asserted Marta.  “How big is it?  Big enough for all the ritzy people in El Paso to admire?”  
“Your garage alone must've cost as much as our whole house!” burst Lola.
“Girls!” chastised Balbino Jr., very upset.
“Caramba, they're just admiring your home, son,” assured Doña Chona.
“Yeah!” Lola burst. “Your house is sooo beautiful!”
“It's the best house we could find in El Paso,” informed Ivana.  “In fact, Dario lives next door.”
“Oh,” Eloisa murmured.  Since there was a tall wooden fence, Eloisa couldn't look across the yard to see the home.
“You don't live around here, do you?” questioned Jacqueline, sniffing.
“No, they live in Gran Estrella,” answered Ivana, scrunching her face in distaste.
“Gran Estrella?  Where's that?” Jacqueline questioned, her nose in the air.
“It's a suburb of El Paso,” said Balbino Jr. “A no nothing place.”
Eloisa's upper lip started trembling.  “It's not a no nothing place.  Gran Estrella is a town with a homegrown feel to it.  A nice town,” she stated, annoyed.
Dario's gaze sat on Eloisa.  While his blatantly inquiring look put her on edge, she kept her chin up.
“I personally love Gran Estrella,” asserted Fernie, gazing at Carmela.
“So it has a homegrown feel?  How quaint,” remarked Jacqueline with light sarcasm underneath her tone.  “What do you think, Dario?” she asked as she put her perfectly manicured hand on his arm.
“I prefer the city to living with chickens and pigs,” he announced.
“We don't have any chickens or pigs,” snapped Eloisa.  “But I would love to have them if I could.”
Dario gave her another unnerving stare.
“It would be so cool to have chickens and pigs!” Lola burst, giggling happily.
“You really think so?” Jacqueline snickered.
Eloisa eyed her coldly. “Definitely yes, but unfortunately we don’t have them.”
“But we have ducks,” Lola announced proudly.  “And a pond for them.”
“Ducks?” guffawed Jacqueline. “Do they look like Donald Duck?”
“Vieja tonta!” burst Lola, growling under her breath.
Eloisa stared at her sister in disbelief.  Hopefully, Lola had said it so fast that nobody caught that she had called Jacqueline a stupid old hag in Spanish. 
“Lola!” exclaimed Balbino Jr.
“What did she say?” asked Jacqueline.
“Nothing important,” rushed Balbino Jr.
“Caramba, can't you speak Spanish?” asked Doña Chona.
“No, of course not,” retorted Jacqueline.
“We're in America,” smirked Ivana.  “We speak English.”
“We're in El Paso and in the state of Texas,” declared Eloisa.  “Our family has been on this land since before it became the United States, and we speak both English and Spanish.”
Eloisa wasn't positive, but she thought she had caught Dario's lips almost curl up.
Thankfully, the food was served, and Ivana went on to speak about how she came upon the caterers.  Eloisa's appetite was completely lost even when she caught a glimpse of the perfectly roasted pheasant.
“What is this?” whispered Marta to Eloisa.  “Is it okay to eat it?”
“It doesn't taste like that gross caviar, fish fart stuff, does it?” asked Lola, sneering at the plate.
“It's like chicken.  It's good,” Eloisa whispered back.
Balbino Jr. cleared his throat until he caught Lola's and Marta's attention, and then sternly showed them to put their cloth napkins on their lap.  Doña Chona already had hers like a bib in front of her chest.  Balbino Jr. threw horrified glances at her, but she continued eating, oblivious to her son’s immense and pained consternation. After the meal was over, Ivana harshly eyed Balbino Jr. and nodded her head in their secret language.
“I'm so glad you were able to come, Mother.  I know you have to go now,” Balbino Jr. blurted.
Doña Chona looked at him, puzzled.  “Caramba, we don't have to—” 
Eloisa's upper lip trembled.  “Yes, you're right, brother, we have to go.  Thank you for inviting us to your fancy soiree,” she muttered with a steely undertone.
“You're welcome,” Balbino Jr. rushed, not having caught his sister's thorny tone. “Please don’t forget your belongings as you depart.”
When the family was waiting for the attendant to bring the car, Doña Chona turned to Eloisa.  “Caramba, why did we have to leave?”
“Mama, it’s clear they don't want us here,” Eloisa answered.
“I don't care.  We were having a good time,” Doña Chona remarked.  “That chicken was very good.”
“It was pheasant, Mama,” informed Carmela.
“Whatever it was, it was delicious, very, very tasty,” Doña Chona asserted.
Lola nodded. “At least it was better than the fish farts.” 
“We should’ve stayed! How am I supposed to get boyfriends for you now?” questioned Doña Chona.
“You don't need to get boyfriends for us,” stated Eloisa.
“Caramba, I just don’t want you to end up with losers who’ll break your hearts!” Doña Chona explained.
Eloisa smiled. “You worry about us too much, Mama.”
“What else is a mother to do?!” Doña Chona burst. “If I don’t protect you then who will?”
“Mama, you can’t protect us from everything,” Eloisa asserted.  “We have to learn to take care of ourselves.”
“Fernie,” murmured Carmela, looking at a young man coming towards them.  


Chapter 4

Eloisa looked over to the smiling gentleman approaching. She didn't like the disapproving stare that Dario was giving him from a distance.
“Hi, again.” Fernie uttered nervously.
“Hi,” Carmela returned.
“I . . . I . . .” 
“Yes?” Carmela asked him shyly.
“Spit it out, son.  Caramba, what do you want to tell my daughter?” questioned Doña Chona with a wide grin on her face.
“I just wanted to invite you to my birthday party next Saturday at seven,” he finally said.  
“Only Carmela is invited?” asked Doña Chona, frowning.
“No, not just her,” he laughed.  “All of you are invited.  It'll be a blast.  I'm having a dance and plenty of food.
“A dance!” exclaimed Lola, wiggling excitedly.  “With lots of cute guys?”
Fernie smiled.  “I don't know if they're cute, but many guys will be there.”
“What kind of food will you be serving?” questioned Marta.
“No caviar-caca I hope!” Lola burst. “Fish farts are mega-yucky!”
Fernie chuckled. “There will be tamales and other assorted Mexican food,” he answered.
“Great!” Lola and Marta exclaimed in unison.  
“Thank you for the invitation, young man. On behalf of the family we accept,” declared Doña Chona.
“I live next door, so you shouldn't have any problems getting here.”
All looked in the direction where Fernie was pointing and were dumbstruck.  Eloisa had seen beautiful homes before, but this one took the cake and the pie too.  It was a red villa in Mediterranean style.
“What a house!” exclaimed Doña Chona.  “Caramba, are you gazillionaires?”  
Carmela looked at Eloisa with a horrified look.
“Yeah, are you like gazillionaires with a house made of gold, robot servants, and rare awesome animals in your backyard?!” Lola burst. “I saw that on the Discovery channel! Is your house anything like that?”
“Don’t be so rude, girls,” Eloisa rushed. She was concerned for Carmela who looked positively miserable and embarrassed.
“It’s okay. They can ask me anything they want,” Fernie interjected, smiling “No, I’m not quite that rich, girls. And my house isn’t made out of gold—it’s really not that spectacular.”
Doña Chona eyed him with disbelief. “It sure looks spectacular from here. Do you entertain a lot of women in that beautiful home, young man?  Are you one of those rich people who has wild parties with people hanging from chandeliers and things like that?” she asked sternly.
Carmela shot another agonized look at Eloisa.
Fernie chuckled.  “No, ma'am.”
“Mama,” said Eloisa.  “I'm sure Fernie has better things to do than to be answering all these questions.”
“Caramba, if we are to go over to his home next weekend, I need to know these things,” stated Doña Chona.  “You never know what kind of crazy people are in this world, especially those with money who can do almost anything they want.”
“We're not like that, Doña Chona.  I assure you,” he said.
“Good.  I can't wait to see what your mansion looks like from the inside,” asserted Doña Chona.
“Yeah, we can’t wait!” Lola burst.
“When you come next weekend, I'll personally give you a tour,” offered Fernie.
“Thank you,” murmured Carmela.
“If it wouldn't be too much of an imposition, can I have your phone number in case of any changes?” Fernie asked.
Doña Chona eyed him sternly. “Before she gives you our number, we need to know a few things.”
Carmela eyed Eloisa with her most agonized and pained face.
“Mama—” Eloisa blurted before being interrupted.
“Ask me whatever you like,” Fernie chimed in, smiling. 
“Young man, do you fart or pick your nose in public?”
Fernie’s pleasant expression turned startled. “No, ma’am.”
“Mama—” Eloisa burst again.
“Do you like to work?” Doña Chona questioned sternly.
Fernie lost his surprise and grinned. “I love my job.”
“Okay, you passed the good caramba test for now. Give him our phone number, Carmela,” said Doña Chona.
Carmela nervously wrote it on a piece of paper from her purse and handed it to him. When he kissed her hand, Lola and Marta giggled.  
“It was nice meeting all of you, and I'll see you on Saturday.  I'll talk to you soon, Carmela,” he declared as he walked away.
Doña Chona's face was one huge smile.  Eloisa ushered everybody into the car.
“As soon as he walked into the church, I knew he wouldn't be able to resist your beauty, Carmela,” announced Doña Chona.
“Ay, Mama,” said an embarrassed Carmela.
“Caramba, I couldn't be more pleased,” stated Doña Chona.  “He seems a responsible and a very polite young man.”
“I think a man with a big house for a big party is definitely a winner,” commented Lola, giggling.
“And he's serving tamales instead of bland chicken,” remarked Marta.
“Pheasant,” Eloisa and Carmela said in unison and everyone in the car chuckled. 


Chapter 5

Fernie called Carmela the next day. He asked her question after question about herself.  What was her favorite meal?  Her favorite color?  Her ideal evening?  And on and on.  After the conversation, Carmela was exhausted but in a good way.  He sent her a dozen perfect red roses.  By Wednesday, he told her he didn’t want to wait until the weekend to see her again.
“Will you go out with me tonight?” he asked anxiously.  “My brother will come with us as a chaperone.”
“Okay,” she said, grateful that she didn’t have classes at El Paso Community College that night. Her evening was completely open.
When she told her mother, Doña Chona scratched her head with her index finger.
“That boy is really fond of you,” Doña Chona said.  “But . . .”
“But what?” asked Carmela.
“I don't like his sourpuss brother going with you.  Caramba, he'll ruin everything.  He probably won't let you two get a minute to yourselves.”
“Should I cancel?” asked Carmela.
“No!  Definitely not!” Doña Chona exclaimed as she poked her head out of the kitchen.  “Eloisa!  Eloisa, come here!”
Eloisa headed to the kitchen from her bedroom.  “Is there a problem, Mama?” she asked.
“Caramba, there's a problem.  A big problem!  And you have to help,” stated Doña Chona.
“What is it?” asked Eloisa.
“Fernie has just asked your sister out for tonight,” explained Doña Chona. “He'll be here in an hour, and you're going with her,” 
Eloisa’s eyebrows shot up. “What?”   
“Caramba, he's bringing his sour brother as a chaperone, so you have to go,” stated Doña Chona.
Eloisa grimaced. “I don't like the sound of this at all.” 
“Please come with me, sister,” implored Carmela.
“But that Dario guy is so arrogant.  I can't stand him,” asserted Eloisa.  “The thought of spending an evening with him makes my skin crawl.”
“Eloisa, we all have to make sacrifices for the family,” announced Doña Chona.
“Please, please dear sister. I'm begging you,” supplicated Carmela.
Eloisa let out a deep breath.  “I'm going to regret this but okay.  For you Carmela.”  She looked at Doña Chona.  “No one can ever accuse me of not sacrificing for the family.”
“Of course not, mija.  It's just that your sister needs your help,” asserted Doña Chona.
Eloisa and Carmela headed to the bedroom they shared to get ready for the date.  Eloisa threw on the first outfit she found—a cotton turquoise sundress.  Carmela stared at her side of the closet with bewilderment.
“You'd better decide fast, Miss Carmela,” said Eloisa.  “The clock is ticking.”
“I usually don't mind that we don't have a lot of pretty things, but today I do,” she murmured sadly.
“Carmela, stop this,” Eloisa declared.  “You don't have to worry about what you wear.  No stupid garment will ever compare to your stunning beauty.”
“Thank you,” said Carmela with tears forming.
“Don't cry, sis.  Get dressed.”
Carmela smiled and put on her favorite lilac dress.  Eloisa was always taken aback when Carmela wore it because it brought out her sister's purple eyes.  Carmela had the same color of eyes as the late great Elizabeth Taylor.  Once people had a look at them, they couldn't stop their fascination with the unique hue.  Carmela applied makeup and started brushing her straight, thick, reddish-brown hair until it glistened.
“I'm leaving mine loose too,” informed Eloisa.  “I'm not pulling it up.  I don't care how many times mama calls it a mop.”
“Your hair is beautiful, Eloisa.”
“It's a big wild mess, but it's mine.”
They waited patiently in the living room for Fernie and Dario to arrive.  As Carmela smiled at her sister, Eloisa squeezed her hand and smiled back.
“What a dweeb,” declared Lola, giggling.  “Bringing a chaperone.”
“Even though I don't like his particular chaperone, I like the idea,” asserted Doña Chona.  “It's very proper that a chaperone accompany a couple on their first date.”  
“Mama, that's sooo old fashioned,” affirmed Marta.
“I hope you don't think you're coming along on my next date,” burst Lola.
“If you keep this up, I will come along,” announced Doña Chona, pretending to be stern. Everyone in the room chuckled.
Noticing a run in her pantyhose, Eloisa sighed, grumbling.  She stood up.  “I'll be right back.” But before she could leave, a noise outside stopped her.
As the sound of a car reverberated in the room, Doña Chona smiled.  Carmela gulped.  Eloisa groaned deeply and shook her head as she rushed to her bedroom to change her stockings.  Doña Chona ran to the door.
“Please, Mama, don't open the door until they knock,” pleaded Carmela.
Impatiently, Doña Chona waited until she heard a knock, and then she swung the door open.  Dario's hand was still in the air since he was only able to pound on the door once.
“Come in, come in,” gushed Doña Chona as she led them into the house.
“How are you tonight, Doña Chona?” asked Fernie.
“Well, very well.  Caramba, but look at my Carmela.  Doesn't she look beautiful?”
“You're absolutely beautiful,” Fernie told Carmela.
“Good evening,” mumbled Dario.
“You remember my youngest daughters, Lola and Marta, don't you?”
“Yes, of course,” said Fernie.
“We can't wait for your party!” exclaimed Lola.
Fernie smiled. “I guarantee it'll be fun.” 
“I've got a special favor to ask of you,” said Doña Chona.
Fernie nodded. “Whatever you need.” 
“My eldest daughter rarely gets out, so I thought it would be a good idea if she goes with you.”
“Will it be okay?” Carmela asked shyly.
“The more the merrier,” Fernie stated.  
Eloisa stepped back into the living room to find Dario intently staring at her.  Her hand self-consciously went to her wild hair to try to smooth it.
“Hi,” Eloisa greeted.  
“You look very nice tonight, Eloisa,” articulated Fernie.  “Dario and I are very happy you'll be joining us.”
“Thank you,” Eloisa returned, seriously doubting the arrogant fool of Dario was at all happy she was going with them.


Chapter 6

Eloisa, Carmela, Fernie, and Dario started to pile into a dark blue Mercedes while Fernie explained that he had a two seat sports car, so he asked his brother to bring his vehicle.
“You two sit in the front, and Carmela and I will be in the back,” he announced. 
Eloisa was relieved with the situation.  She wouldn't have to make pleasant conversation with Dario since he was the one busy driving.  Eloisa would let those in the back do all the talking.  
“If it's okay, I thought we'd catch a movie and then dinner,” Fernie said.
“That sounds nice,” asserted Carmela.
“What do you think, Eloisa?” asked Fernie.
“I'm only along for the ride.  It sounds good to me.”
Fernie smiled.  “Good.  That's what we'll do then.”
Fernie chatted at first with both Carmela and Eloisa.  Then he turned his full attention to Carmela.  Eloisa didn't mind since she would rather gaze at the sparkling lights of the city and glittering stars of the night than make small talk.
“You've got long hair,” announced Dario.
Eloisa was abruptly brought out of her thoughts.  “What?” she asked.
Dario cleared his throat.  “I said that you have very long hair.”
“Yes.”  What else could she say?  Did he want to start a conversation?
“It's . . . It's. . .” he tried to say.
“Curly?” she said, trying to help him along.
“It's nice.”
Eloisa couldn’t believe he had actually complimented her! “Thank you.”
He didn't say anything after that.  Can this man get more bizarre?  Eloisa thought to herself.  She started counting in her head.  One—he's arrogant.  Two—he's a snob.  Three—he's a jerk.  Four—he's probably dating Princess Jacqueline.  Five—he's weird!  By the time the night is over, the numbers will probably be too high to count! 
They pulled into the movie theater, and Eloisa was relieved that for the span of the film, she didn't have to talk to Dario.  As the four of them sat in front of the screen, before the movie started, they enjoyed candies, popcorn, and sodas. Fernie's smile never left his face.
“Don't get too full on that stuff.  We're having dinner afterwards, remember?  Maybe we should've gone to eat first,” expressed Fernie.
“This is fine,” said Carmela.  “It's perfect.”
Fernie smiled broadly.  “Great.  I aim to please.”
The lights started to dimmer.  Sitting next to the pompous jerk, Eloisa couldn't help regretting that she wasn't next to her sister.  Fernie had positioned himself in between both women while Dario had sat at Eloisa's side.  Eloisa wondered if his arrogance was like cooties.  Could she catch any aspect of his uppity attitude by being next to him?
When commercials started on the screen, Dario made an annoyed sound.
“Excuse me?” Eloisa whispered.
“I prefer to come to the movies to see films and not commercials,” he declared.
“I know what you mean,” Eloisa said.  Wow, she thought, they found something to agree on. 
After previews, the film started.  Eloisa found herself engrossed in the romantic movie from Mexico.  It was in Spanish and had a similar storyline to Like Water for Chocolate, one of her all-time favorite films.  She wondered if Fernie and Dario were frustrated at having to read the subtitles but when she glanced at Dario, he seemed comfortable.  
After the cinema, they sat in Mariscos Acapulco seafood restaurant. 
“I actually prefer the one in Juarez, but it's too late to go across the border,” Dario stated.  “The traffic back would be impossible.”
“I hope the film wasn't too difficult to follow,” said Eloisa.
“What do you mean?” asked Dario.
“I mean with all the Spanish and everything,” explained Eloisa.  “Reading subtitles while trying to watch a movie can really be tiresome.”
“We speak Spanish,” Fernie asserted.  “We didn't have to read the subtitles.”
“You speak Spanish?” asked Eloisa, horrified that they had understood when Lola had called Jacqueline an old stupid hag at the christening.
“Yes, fluently,” stated Dario, giving Eloisa a firm look.  “It helps when people say things they shouldn't while thinking no one understands them.”
Yep, Eloisa thought to herself, he understood all right.

The next day, as Eloisa arrived home from her job as a receptionist at a marketing firm, she was relieved she had no classes that night.  Her best friend, Chencha, who lived next door, was sitting in the kitchen with Doña Chona.
“And he is such nice man, Chencha.  Caramba, he'll make a wonderful boyfriend for my Carmela,” declared Doña Chona.
“I imagine you're talking about Fernie Quintana,” chimed in Eloisa.
“Of course.  Who else would I be talking about?”
“I've been waiting for you, Eloisa,” informed Chencha.
“Come to my room with me, so I can get out of my work clothes.”
After Chencha followed Eloisa to her room, Eloisa stepped into her closet.  Chencha sat on the bed. Quickly changing into old faded jeans, Eloisa got back to her friend in record time.
“What did you need to talk to me about, Chencha?” Eloisa inquired, also sitting on the bed. “Is everything okay?”
“I just wanted to ask you about that handsome man I saw you with last night.”
“Handsome man?” questioned Eloisa, puzzled.
“Your mama told me that Carmela went out with Fernie Quintana, but who was the other guy?  The dreamy one?”
“I guess you're talking about Dario, Fernie's older brother,” she muttered, grimacing.  “Do you really think he's handsome?”
Chencha let out a deep laugh.  “Eloisa, did you take a good look at your date last night?”
“He wasn't my date,” blurted Eloisa, annoyed.
“He wasn't?”
“No, definitely not.  Fernie took his brother as a chaperone, so Mama and Carmela made me go.”
“How lucky for you.”
“Chencha, you only think he's handsome because you haven't met him.  He's got the personality of a cocky rooster.”
“Rooster or not, I would've loved to have been out with him,” Chencha murmured, sighing.
“Luckily, Fernie is nothing like his brother.  If I'm not mistaken, he's every bit as easygoing as Carmela.”
“He looked to me to be very infatuated with her.”
“You've got a very good view from your window next door, don't you?” Eloisa asked wryly.
“I've got to live vicariously through you and Carmela,” Chencha explained in an embarrassed way.  “I don't have much of a life.”
“Don't say that, Chencha.  Of course you do.”
“I rarely get asked out.  Carmela will end up in a wonderful marriage with wonderful children,” murmured Chencha.
“Life isn't all about getting married and having children.”
“But that's what I want out of life.  It'll probably never happen for me,” Chencha muttered unhappily.  “But it’ll certainly happen for Carmela.  That is if she starts showing her feelings more.  She seemed too quiet and restrained last night.  What will Fernie think?”
“He isn't looking close enough if he doesn't understand Carmela's true feelings for him.  You know that Carmela is a reserved person.”
“She needs to get out of some of her shyness.”


Chapter 7

Eloisa sat quietly in the University of Texas at El Paso Union Building checking the notes she took in her last class, child development.  No one else sat in the small lounge.  She was so engrossed that she didn't hear when a young man plopped down on the sofa opposite from her.  
“Hi,” he greeted.
Not hearing him, she didn't look up.
“Hi,” he repeated louder.
Eloisa finally looked up, wondering if someone was speaking to her.
“Me?” she asked.
“Yes, you.” The handsome stranger with light brown eyes and hair stood up, walked over to her, and extended his hand.  “My name is Wayne.” His friendly smile took her in.
She shook his hand.  “I'm Eloisa.”
“Can I sit here if I promise not to bite?” he asked, pointing next to her.
“I don't know.  You look like a strange character to me,” she responded with a smile.
“I’m strange, but I don't bite.”
“In that case you can go ahead and sit.”
“Can I ask you something, Eloisa?” he asked, plopping down.
“You already did.”
“Technical, aren't you?”
“Sometimes,” she answered, smiling. “What's your question?”
“It's Friday.  Why are you still here?”
“I can ask the same question of you.”
“After my last class,” he explained. “I hang around the University on Friday nights to see if I can meet up with intelligent ladies.”
Eloisa chuckled.  “Does that line actually work for you?”
“It did before tonight.”
Eloisa chuckled louder.  “I'm sorry to break your winning streak.”
“I forgive you. You’re much too beautiful not to be forgiven for anything.” 
Eloisa turned a bright red. “Thank you.”
Wayne checked his watch.  “I've got to make a private call.  Promise you'll be here when I get back?”
“Sure, I'll be here.”
He walked away to a secluded area next to the restrooms.  Eloisa smiled lightly.  Wayne seemed interesting, and he was outgoing and funny.  It was a good combination.
Eloisa returned to her notes and soon was engrossed again in the realm of study.  When her name was mentioned again, once more she didn't hear it.
“Eloisa,” the voice repeated.
When she looked up and saw who it was, she had to remind herself where she was and that she wasn’t in some kind of a bizarre time warp.  “Dario?” she muttered in disbelief.  
Dario’s dark eyes set on her with some bewilderment of their own. “Hello, I thought that was you.”
“What are you doing here?”
“I'm giving a lecture on business,” Dario informed.
Eloisa’s eyebrows rose, surprised. “You are?” 
“Yes, as a favor to a friend.  He's a professor here.”
  “Really?” Eloisa questioned.
“And you?  What are you doing here?” he asked, eyeing her notes.
“I take classes here.”
He raised an eyebrow.  “You do?”
“Yes.”
“What's your major?”
“I'm going to be a teacher,” informed Eloisa.
Both his eyebrows shot up. “You prefer that career over any other?”
“Yes, by far.”
“I'm back, did you miss me?” asked Wayne as he walked up behind them.  
A startled Dario turned around. Glaring at Wayne, Dario’s eyes flung out flares of burning fire. 
Wayne gasped with surprise.  “Dario!”


Chapter 8

 Dario turned back around to face Eloisa.  “I've got to go.  Nice to see you, Eloisa.  Bye.”  He strode away.
When the glass doors leading to the outside of the building closed behind him, Eloisa turned to Wayne.
“You know him?” she asked, barely concealing the surprise in her voice.
“Unfortunately, I do.  Apparently, you know him too.”
“He's such an arrogant man,” blurted Eloisa. “I'm afraid I don't like him very much.”
“That makes two of us,” asserted Wayne.
“He didn't seem very happy to see you.  How do you know him?”
“I was his brother's best friend,” explained Wayne.
“Fernie's best friend?”
“You know his brother too?” Wayne questioned.
Eloisa nodded. “Only a little.  So what happened?”
“Dario got jealous of our friendship,” Wayne asserted, groaning. “Dario doesn't like sharing anything with anybody.  And he thinks whatever he says is law.  When I started encouraging Fernie to think for himself instead of being under his brother's thumb, Dario threatened to never speak to him again and take his fortune away if he didn't end our friendship.”
“What a terrible thing to do to a brother!” Eloisa exclaimed, upset.
Wayne nodded, his eyes in an angry squint. “That's Dario for you.  Selfish and full of himself.”

At home that night, Eloisa became enraged every time she thought about how Dario had treated Wayne.  If it wasn't for the fact that her sister was head over heels infatuated with Fernie, she would advise her not to get involved with such a family.  The one good thing of that night, though, was meeting Wayne.  He had assured her that if he hadn't had a previous engagement with friends, he would've loved to spend more time with her that night.  Instead, they exchanged phone numbers and agreed to see each other soon.
“Eloisa!” called Doña Chona. “Come here!”
Stepping out of her room, Eloisa headed towards Doña Chona’s voice.  “Yes, Mama?” she asked as she reached the living room.
“Come say hello to Ralph,” Doña Chona announced.
Eloisa became aware of Ralph Cola who was standing next to Doña Chona and gawking at Carmela.  He hadn't changed much since she had last seen him a few years ago.  He was still tall, thin, and with sandy hair and hazel eyes. He would’ve been handsome if he didn’t have such a heavy handed personality and an unfiltered mouth that said the wrong obnoxious things at the wrong times.
“Hi,” Eloisa said, wondering what Ralph Cola was doing there.  Doña Chona usually sent him the mortgage through the mail now that his parents have awarded him the rest of the house payments to several of their homes, including the Longoria one.       
  “Caramba, isn't it nice that he came specifically to say hello to you girls?” asked Doña Chona.
“When I received your mom's payment last month, I told my father how rude I was in not coming by to say hello.  You’ve been deprived of my company for much too long, so here I am,” announced Ralph, chuckling.
“He's having dinner with us,” informed Doña Chona.
Lola and Marta grimaced and rolled their eyes as they entered the kitchen along with Ralph Cola and the rest of the Longorias.  Eloisa and Carmela looked at each other with quizzical expressions.  
“Caramba, you're lucky you came tonight, Ralph,” said Doña Chona.  “I made my famous arroz con pollo.”
“I love rice and chicken even if it’s poor people’s food,” stated Ralph.  “I’m very lucky today, Doña Chona, like a hungry fox in a chicken coop! Here I am spending time with the most beautiful girls on this side of the border!”
“Ralph tells me he owns his home in the country club and is a supervisor.” announced Doña Chona.
“I have quite a successful life, but no one to share it with,” he stated forlornly, gazing at Carmela.  
“Caramba, that's too bad!” burst Doña Chona.  “The woman you find companionship with will be a very fortunate woman.”
“It’s time I find my soul-mate—the woman who’ll love me forever,” he gushed.
Doña Chona sighed deeply.  “How romantic.”
“Once nature takes its course and we marry, she'll have everything provided for her and will have to do nothing but look pretty,” Ralph asserted.
“Look pretty?” muttered an annoyed Eloisa.
“I don't have to tell you what living in the country club will be like and being the wife of a high level supervisor,” Ralph chortled.  “We'll be entertaining the best people.  And we'll have the best of everything.”
“Why ever would she want more than that?” Eloisa inquired sarcastically.
“Precisely, why?” questioned Ralph, not catching Eloisa's sarcasm.
After dinner, Doña Chona walked him outside to his red Ferrari as he got ready to leave. He seemed very pleased with how the evening had gone. 
“Caramba, what a car,” remarked Doña Chona.
“I don't have to tell you that this car costs more than most houses in this neighborhood. I know how much they cost since my parents own most of the homes around here.”
“I can imagine what your car is worth.”
“I work very hard to have what I have,” he asserted.
“I can see that.”
“I'm glad you walked out here with me, Doña Chona, because there’s a very important matter I wish to discuss with you.”
“Yes?”
“It’s time for me to meet my true love.  Naturally, I thought of your beautiful daughters.”
“You did?”
“I was thinking of Carmela,” he declared. “I think she would make a suitable girlfriend.”
“Let me explain that Carmela already has a suitor,” rushed Doña Chona.
“That's too bad,” Ralph murmured with disappointment.
“Eloisa is free, though,”
“Eloisa?”  
Doña Chona nodded. “Yes, Eloisa is unattached.”
Ralph grew pensive for a few seconds.  “Yes, I think she'd make a good girlfriend too.


Chapter 9

Because Doña Chona insisted, the family arrived at Fernie's party early.  Eloisa absolutely didn't want to attend, but her mother had told her she didn't have a choice in the matter.  Eloisa invited Chencha to join them, hoping that the evening wouldn't be a complete wash out.
“Caramba, it’s not that I don’t want Chencha coming with us, but Fernie only invited us,” asserted Doña Chona.
“She's coming with us,” Eloisa insisted firmly.
As soon as the Longorias and Chencha stepped through the doors of the villa, Fernie took them on the tour he had previously promised.  Meanwhile, Dario stood in the living room with Jacqueline, Ivana, and Balbino Jr. who had also arrived early.
“I can't believe your brother invited them,” scorned Jacqueline, sighing.
“Unfortunately, they’re my family so I had no choice but to invite them to the christening,” Balbino Jr. declared.
“Dario, your brother has too good of a heart for his own good,” grumbled Ivana.
Dario nodded. “Yes, he does.” 
“He doesn't know what he's getting himself into,” spat out Ivana.  “That Carmela might be pretty to look at, but who knows what's on the inside.  She's so secretive.”
“Very true, and the whole family is off kilter,” Jacqueline retorted.  “I'm sorry that I'm saying this about your family, Balb, but I have to be honest.”
“You don't need to apologize,” Balbino Jr. asserted. “I know what my family is.  That's why I hardly consort with them.” 
“You don't see much of your family?” questioned Dario, criticism in his voice.
“No, hardly.”
“Especially now that we have a son, we don't want him picking up their low class habits or their absurdity,” asserted Ivana.  “Look at Eloisa, for example.”   
“What about Eloisa?” asked Dario, curious spikes in his tone.
“She's completely illogical,” declared Ivana.
Dario’s face became a question. “What do you mean?” 
“She should be attending college full-time, but she refuses to.”
“Why would she refuse?!” Dario asked. “Why would she prefer part-time over full-time?”
“See what I mean about being nonsensical and absurd?  She's got to be crazy,” stated Ivana, sniffing.  “Absolutely out of her mind if you ask me.  She should’ve already graduated. She could've left to an out-of-town university and left that tiny, provincial, insignificant life she leads and done something to get herself elevated, but instead she chose to stay.”
“Why didn't she go?” Dario questioned firmly.
“She said something about needing to stay to help my mother financially,” Balbino Jr. explained with a sneer. “I don't know what she was thinking.  Mother would've been fine.  I left to marry Ivana, and she has never needed my help.”
“You don't provide your mother with any monetary help?” questioned Dario, his voice chastising.
“No, as I said before, she doesn't need it,” Balbino Jr. burst defensively.
“Besides, people like that wouldn't know how to handle money,” Ivana rushed.

The villa was breathtaking, and Eloisa was certain she had never seen quite a home ever.  To have such an enormous space for only two people was more than Eloisa could imagine.  She had counted ten bedrooms with bathrooms in each, two huge living areas, two dining areas, a number of assorted rooms, four home offices and countless halls.  
When they stepped back into the main living area, guests were now arriving in abundance.  Fernie stood at the door greeting people with Carmela joyfully at his side.  Because Fernie had asked for no gifts, just donations to his favorite charity of juvenile diabetes, people walked into the house holding no wrapped presents.  Eloisa couldn't help thinking how great of Fernie to eschew his own birthday privileges to do something for others.  
Because of Fernie's distinct fun-loving personality, this affair was much more informal than Balbino Jr.'s had been.  The party goers served themselves tamales and sat wherever they wanted while a disc jockey played varied forms of music—rock-n-roll, disco, oldies, and Mexican music.  Eloisa started to think it was good she came after all—that was until the doorbell rang and the next guest walked in the door.
“Ralph Cola!” Lola exclaimed unhappily.  “What’s he doing here?”
“I don't know, but you'd better behave,” demanded Doña Chona.  “Caramba, you'd better not make fun of him.” 
“But his name,” said Marta.  “You can't expect us not to laugh at it.”
“What's wrong with having the name of a soft drink?” Doña Chona asked sternly.
“But his last name in Spanish also means butt,” giggled Lola.  “His name is Ralph Butt.”
“Caramba, hush!  Shut up!” snapped Doña Chona.
“He's coming this way,” Eloisa murmured miserably.
As Ralph and his parents walked straight to them, Eloisa tried not to grimace.  
“Doña Chona, it's been so long since we've seen you now that we gave the note of your house to our son,” remarked the elderly Mr. Cola.
“How are your parents, Chencha?  We haven't seen them since we also gave the note of their house to Ralph,” stated Mrs. Cola.
“They're fine,” responded Chencha. “How have you been?”
“Everything going well for you?” asked Doña Chona.
“Wonderful,” Mrs. Cola announced loudly, her voice going up a few decibels.  “We've bought a new home in the country club, close to Ralph.  The old one wasn't adequate enough.  The pool was much too small, the garage only fit four cars, and the house had barely six bedrooms.  Who could live under such conditions?”
Doña Chona forced herself not to roll her eyes. “Yeah, caramba, who?” She had forgotten how obnoxious the elderly Colas could be.
“I'm so happy they live close to me,” Ralph stated.
“Ralph, I never expected you here.  How do you know Fernie?” asked Doña Chona.
“I work for his uncle,” Ralph said, glancing at Eloisa.  “I'm the supervisor of his uncle's accounting firm.”
“How is it that you know, Fernando?” asked Mrs. Cola, peering down at them.
Doña Chona's chin shot up.  “He dates my daughter Carmela.” 
“Fernando Quintana dates your daughter?!” blurted Mr. Cola, surprised.
“He sure does!” burst Doña Chona.
“People in his class usually only date those of their own social standing,” sniffed Mrs. Cola, peering towards Carmela and Fernie who were still at the door.
“He adores my Carmela!” Doña Chona exclaimed. “Caramba, he’s completely enamored of her!—like a cuddly puppy with a new owner!” 
“Good evening,” greeted Dario, appearing out of nowhere.
Darn!!! Eloisa blurted to herself, upset. She was certain he had heard the inappropriate comments her mother had made.  The evening was now becoming more and more miserable for her with each passing moment.
“Good evening, Dario,” returned Ralph.  “You know my parents, don't you?”
“Yes, how are you this evening?”
“Very well,” declared Mrs. Cola. “Interesting party,” she sniffed. 
“I walked this way to request the next dance from Eloisa,” Dario announced.


Chapter 10

Did Dario Quintana actually ask me to dance?! Eloisa wondered. “Uh . . . Well, okay,” she blurted as she stumbled up from the chair she was sitting on.
Dario led her to the dance floor in the middle of the expansive room where other couples were already swaying to the music.  Along the way, Eloisa kept chastising herself for having agreed to dance with him.  Why did he want to dance with her, anyway? she wondered.  He took her by surprise, and she agreed before she could turn him down.  And if she was truthful with herself, she wanted to get away from Ralph Cola and his obnoxious parents.  As she and Dario stepped onto the dance floor, the rock music stopped, and a ballad started playing.
What bad luck!  she said to herself.
As Dario awkwardly stepped closer to her, she did the same to him.  He took her hand, his arms encircled her, and he started moving her on the dance floor.  To her surprise, he had rhythm.  Her skin broke out in goose pimples when she felt his light breath on her neck.
“I didn't think you danced, Dario,” she remarked.
“I do.”
“You've got a nice home.”
“Thank you.”
“You're supposed to ask me how I like the party.” Eloisa said. 
“I am?”
“Yes, you should ask me.”
“What else should I ask you?”
“If the chair I was sitting on was comfortable,” Eloisa answered.
“Do you always talk when you're dancing? Do you prefer chatting to just quietly enjoying the moment?”
“Are you always so anti-social and unapproachable?”
“Maybe you'd rather I'd be more like Wayne, sleek and talking a million miles a minute,” Dario burst bitterly.  
“There's nothing wrong with being outgoing like Wayne.  Any sensible person would appreciate him.”  
“May I cut in?” asked Ralph, walking up to them.  
Dario glared at him, annoyed.  “Yes, go ahead,” he muttered.
“I’m really a good dancer, Eloisa,” he declared. “Try to keep up.”
“I’ll try,” she responded dryly.
Thankfully for Eloisa the song ended and a disco one began.  What could be worse than dancing up close with Ralph?  But when Ralph started trying to do a John Travolta in Saturday Night Fever sloppy imitation, Eloisa wanted desperately to melt into the dance floor.  Ralph was no more graceful than an octopus trying to play with one ball using all of its arms.  When the song finally finished, a ballad began. Ralph grinned broadly as he stepped closer to Eloisa.  
“I'm so thirsty, I've got to get something to drink,” Eloisa blurted, rushing off.
As she arrived at the refreshment table, she saw Jacqueline whisper to Dario. He led her to the dance floor where she rested her head on his shoulder as soon as they started slow dancing.  They deserve each other, Eloisa thought.  After pouring herself a root beer, she found her way outside where she sat next to the pool on a lawn chair.
“There you are,” announced Chencha, stepping over to her.  “I've been looking everywhere for you.”
“I couldn't stand to be in there anymore.”
Chencha’s face scrunched in a perplexed way. “Why?”
“Ralph seems to be on me all the time.”
“He's not so bad.”
“Yes, he is.  Did you see the way he was dancing?” Eloisa questioned.
“I admit he's a creative dancer.”
“Creative?” Eloisa blurted. “More like gelatin during an earthquake.”
“Poor guy.  Give him a break.  He just wants to impress you.”
Eloisa shook her head.  “That's not the way to impress me.”
“I think it's kind of neat that he's trying so hard to make you like him.”
Eloisa decided to change the subject.  “What do you think of the party?”
“It's been fun so far.”
“Chencha, it hasn't been fun for me.  I wonder about my family sometimes.  You're so lucky that your parents don't do or say the most inappropriate things.  I can't believe my mama was blabbing that Fernie was like an enamored puppy with Carmela.”
“She doesn't mean any harm.  She doesn't think before she speaks.”
“Then there’s my brother who won't come near us.  And there are my two younger sisters who can't stop flirting with all the young men here.”
Chencha grinned.  “You're lucky, Eloisa.”
“What?”
“I'm an only child.  I wish I had siblings to embarrass me.”
Eloisa sighed.  “I do love them to death though.”
“Let's go back to the party.  What do you think?”
“Okay, but you've got to do me a favor,” pleaded Eloisa.
“What?”
“Don't leave me alone with Ralph Cola.”
“I won't.”


Chapter 11

Wayne called early on Sunday morning as Eloisa readied herself for church.  He nonchalantly but with charming ease invited himself to go with her.  
“You're going to mass with my family?” she asked, surprised.
“Sure, why not?”
Doña Chona wasn't too happy about this new addition to their worship, but when Wayne took them to lunch after church was over, she started warming up to him.  It was impossible to avoid his natural charm and good humor.  When back their house, the Longorias chatted with Wayne as they sat outside on the porch.
“You've made this a very comfortable home, Doña Chona,” he remarked.
“Thank you, Wayne.”
Lola, who hadn't left his side since he had first arrived, grinned at him.  “Where do you live, Wayne?”
“I live in the Northeast side of El Paso, but I wish I lived here.  There's something to say about living outside of the city.  I can't get over your pond with ducks in it.”
“They’re my ducks,” Lola gushed proudly.  “I take care of them!”
“I'm impressed,” Wayne said.
“You met my Eloisa at UTEP?” asked Doña Chona.
Wayne nodded. “Yes, it was a very lucky day for me.” 
“What are you studying, Wayne?” questioned Doña Chona.
“Business administration.”
“Caramba, that sounds very good,” declared Doña Chona. “But I still need to know the kind of person you are. Do you have belching competitions with your friends?” she questioned nonchalantly.
“Mama!” Eloisa blurted with horror.
“Caramba, quiet down,” snapped Doña Chona. “I have to ask these questions. “Now, Wayne, I need to know if you have farting or burping contests with your friends?”
Wayne’s eyebrows shot up in amused surprise. “No, Doña Chona. I can’t say that I’ve ever participated in such activities.”
“Good! Here goes some more important questions—are you a commitment-phobe?”
“No, ma’am.”
“Are you lazy?”
“No, ma’am.”
Doña Chona persisted in her inquisition. “Are you a liar?”
“No, ma’am.”
“Caramba, of course you could be lying to me about being a liar, so we’ll have to see about that one.”
Wayne grinned. “I’m confident I’ll pass any test you give me.”
“Well, I’ve got to say that so far so good,” Doña Chona remarked.
“Can we stop the inquisition now?” Eloisa grumbled.
“But I was having so much fun,” declared Wayne, grinning.
Doña Chona smiled at him. “See, Eloisa, my questions aren’t so bad.”
Wayne chuckled loudly. “Not at all.” 
After he left an hour later, he was discussed by the family to the point of embarrassing Eloisa.  It seemed that everyone in the house had something to say about the charming Wayne.  
“He's so good looking!” gushed Lola.
“Yeah, a real babe,” chimed in Marta.
“He seems nice,” commented Carmela.
Lola nodded. “And so much fun! Really, really awesome!”
“He's a real gentleman,” Doña Chona expressed. “But he’s still on trial as far as I’m concerned.”

That evening Eloisa diligently worked on a research paper when her mother called for her.  When she entered the living room, she was taken aback to find Ralph Cola shuffling his feet and looking nervous.
“Ralph wants to speak to you,” declared Doña Chona.
“Can we step outside?” asked Ralph, his voice shaky.
Eloisa, dreading it, followed him to the porch.  “What do you need to speak to me about?”
“I've been doing a lot of thinking and . . .”
“Yes?”
He got on his knee.  “Would you be my girlfriend?” he asked, nervously fumbling in his coat pocket.


Chapter 12

“What?!” Eloisa burst.
“Would you be my sweetheart?” he repeated as he finally found what he was looking for and pulled out a long, black box.  “I got you a gift.”
Eloisa's throat closed.  “Please stand up, Ralph.  Stand up, for goodness sakes.”
He stumbled to his feet.  “This is a very expensive necklace, Eloisa. I’m sure it’s worth much more than anything in this house.”
She refused to take the black box he kept shoving at her.  “Put the necklace away! We need to talk first.”
He nodded disconcertedly. “Okay, I’ll give it to you later.” He put the long, black box back in his shirt pocket.
“I don't know why you're asking me to be your girlfriend,” she blurted. “We’ve never dated.  I barely know you.”
“My dearest, Eloisa, don't worry about being good enough for me.  I know enough about you to want you to be my girl.  You're sweet and beautiful.  I know that you like going to school, so it won't bother me that you continue your education, but you won't have to work anymore!  I've decided that I’m going to take care of you and your family!”
“I don't need anybody to take care of me or my family.”
“Eloisa, stop being so proud.  Your knight in shining armor is here!”
“I don't need a knight in shining armor.  Ralph, believe me when I tell you that I'm not the right woman for you.”
“But you are.  Stop putting yourself down.  You are every bit good enough for me.”
“I'm not putting myself down,” Eloisa declared, gritting her teeth.  “I'm telling you that I don't want to be your girlfriend.  We’re not compatible.  I can't say it any clearer.”
“But—”
“Not compatible, Ralph! Please stop making this harder than what it should be.  We don’t belong together!”
Ralph grimaced in a hurt way.  “Do you really know what you're turning down?!” he snapped. “You may never get an offer like this ever again.  There are few men that would volunteer to help you with your family!”
“As I’ve said before, I don’t need that kind of help,” Eloisa declared firmly.
“Hi,” Chencha brightly broke in to the conversation as she arrived at the Longoria porch from her house next door.  “I just wanted to say hello to you, Ralph.”
“Hi,” he mumbled.  
“Hello, Chencha,” said Eloisa, relieved her friend had interrupted the very awkward talk.
“I was wondering if you could have a cup of coffee with me and my family, Ralph,” she said, winking at Eloisa.  “My parents would love to see you.”
  “Well . . . ,” he murmured, his hurt eyes on Eloisa for a few seconds. Then he stepped over to Chencha.  “Come to think of it, I would love to have a cup coffee with you and your family.”
When they left, Ralph didn’t even give Eloisa a short bye.  Eloisa rushed back into her house.  Her mother ran anxiously to her.  
“Caramba, what happened out there?” Doña Chona questioned.
“He asked me to be his girlfriend.”
“And?”
“And what?”
“What did you answer him?” demanded Doña Chona.
“What do you think I said, Mama?”
“You won't date him?” asked Doña Chona, disappointed.
“It was a nightmare out there.  Thank goodness Chencha came to save me.”
“Won't you even consider it?”
“Mama!”
“Is it because of Wayne?”
“No, Mama, it’s just that Ralph and I are not compatible at all.”
“Mija, your mother may be an old fool, but you don't know how much I worry about you getting involved with a loser again.”  
“Don't worry about me, Mama.  I won’t go down that road again.” Eloisa hated thinking about when she had picked the wrong guy and gotten her heart crushed.
“Mama, mama!” cried Marta, running into the living room.
“Stop scaring me,” chided Doña Chona.  “What's wrong?”
“It's Carmela.”
“What's wrong with Carmela?” asked Eloisa.
“She received a horrible E-mail.”
They rushed to Carmela who was looking tragically at the computer screen.  
“What is it?” asked Eloisa.
Carmela couldn't speak.  She only pointed at the screen.
Dear Carmela, 
Because of circumstances, I have to end our communication.  I'm sorry.
Fernie
“Double Caramba!!!” exclaimed Doña Chona. “How could this happen?!”
Eloisa’s blood steamed as she thought of how it must've happened.  It was his pompous brother, of course.  He probably threatened him like he did with the Wayne situation.
Arrogant merciless jerk!
Egotistical snobby creep!


Chapter 13

Sometimes, Eloisa wished that Carmela wasn't so reserved.  She wished Carmela could let all the pain tumble out, but instead she walked around the house saying she was fine.  
“Really, Eloisa, I'm over Fernie.”
“I know he loves you, Carmela, despite that E-mail.”
“It doesn't matter,” she assured, forcing her voice to sound steady.  “He's out of my life.”
Eloisa glanced at her sister sadly, knowing how difficult it must’ve been to say those words.
“I think mama is more upset about it than I am,” continued Carmela.
“She's very upset all right.”
Carmela grew pensive for a few moments.  “Tell me something, Eloisa, do you ever think about Todd?”
“No, not anymore.”
“But you loved him greatly, didn't you?” Carmela questioned lightly.
Eloisa sighed. “Yes, I loved him once.”
“He's out of your heart?”
“Anyone who doesn't understand the importance of family doesn't belong in my heart,” Eloisa declared.
It was Carmela's turn to look at her sister sadly.  A year had passed since Eloisa thought she had found her significant other in Todd Bergman.  He had proposed and they were engaged until Todd realized that Eloisa intended to keep helping her family once they were married.
“You can't be serious about this, Eloisa,” he had said.  “Your family can take care of themselves.”
“Mama doesn't make enough money to do it.  My family needs me.”
“This is not acceptable! When you and I get married, we have to make our own lives without anyone hanging onto our coat tails.”
“I’m not going to forget about my family,” Eloisa had snapped. 
“You don't see me acting all codependent towards my family.  I hardly see them at all.  You need to do the same and separate yourself from those apron strings.”
“Separate myself from my family?!” Eloisa burst with disgust. “Not a chance.  It's you who needs to change towards your family.”
“Don't start on that again.  So what if I forgot to call my mother on mother's day?  She didn't care.”
“Are you kidding me?  Of course she cared that her only son forgot about her on, of all days, mother's day!”
Todd shook his head.  “The more I think about this, the more I think you and I don't have a chance at working out.”
“You're right.  We shouldn't get married,” Eloisa blurted with ice in her voice. “We shouldn’t be together.”
“First you give up full-time college for them and now you give me up.  I hope you don’t wake up one day and realize that you've ruined your life over bad choices.”
“I wouldn't worry about that, Todd,” muttered Eloisa.
If Eloisa thought about him at all, it was that last conversation with him.  It was what kept her from ever yearning for him.  It was what kept her from ever shedding a tear for him.  It was what kept her from ever wanting him back. He had completely broken her heart, also shattering Doña Chona’s spirit at seeing her devastated daughter. But now Eloisa was over Todd. And their cruel and sudden break-up no longer affected her at all. At least that was what she told herself.
“I'm sorry, sister,” murmured Carmela.
“What about?” asked Eloisa.
“You've sacrificed so much for us.”
“I haven't.”
“Yes, you have, and I want you to know how much I love you and admire you.”
Eloisa's eyes filled with tears.  “Thank you.  That means a lot to me.”

When Wayne wasn't calling her, he made contact with her at the university.  At the end of one of her classes, he'd pop in out of nowhere.  There were times she wanted to tell him that she couldn’t talk to him, that she needed to review her notes while they were still fresh in mind.
“Don't you have class right now?” questioned Eloisa.
“I'd rather be with you.”
“Wayne, I appreciate that, but I don't want you to flunk.”
“Don't worry.  Taking a class over again is no big deal.”
“What do you mean it's no big deal?!” Eloisa burst.
“Haven't you ever had to repeat a class?”
“No.”
“Lucky you.”
“It's not luck,” declared Eloisa, annoyed. “It's called hard work.”
Wayne chuckled darkly.  “Life is meant to be fun.”
“I know but there's a time for fun and a time for work.”
“You need to take it easy on life,” Wayne asserted. “I'm going to help you with that problem.”
“What?”
“I’m here to help you learn to have fun. The heck with boring classes!”
Eloisa was beginning to wonder about him. 


Chapter 14

When Chencha, glowing with excitement, asked to speak to Eloisa in private, Eloisa couldn't even begin to imagine what her best friend was about to tell her.  She couldn't imagine that even a leaf blower would be able to blow her aside after Chencha told her the big news.
“I'm getting married,” announced Chencha.
Eloisa’s eyebrows shot up in complete surprise. “What?!  Did you say you were getting married?”
“Yes.”
“Really?!” asked Eloisa.
“Yes!”
Eloisa threw her arms around her friend.  “Congratulations!”
“Thank you.  I'm so happy.”
“Chencha, I didn't know you were dating anyone,” stated Eloisa, perplexed.
“I’ve been dating in secret,” Chencha murmured.
“Why?”
“I’ve got my reasons.”
“But why would you keep it from me— your best friend?!” Eloisa questioned, hurt. “Chencha, who are you marrying?” 
Chencha took a huge gulp. “Ralph Cola.”
“What?! Say again!”
“Ralph Cola.  You're not angry, are you?  I mean, you didn't want him.”
Eloisa finally got her equilibrium back. “Of course I'm not angry, but why are you marrying him?”
“He asked me.”
“Is that the only reason you would marry a person like him?!” Eloisa blurted. 
“I admit he's a little rough around the edges, but he'll make a good husband.”
Eloisa just couldn’t come to terms with what her best friend was telling her. “Have you really thought this out? Completely thought it out?”
Chencha let out an exasperated sound.  “Eloisa, I'm thirty-four years old.  If I don't start having children soon, it'll be over for me.  I know what you're thinking, but I don't want to be a single mother.  I want a beautiful home and little children running all over the place.”
“Wait for the right man, Chencha,” pleaded Eloisa.
“You don't know what it's like to be me, do you?”
“What do you mean?” Eloisa asked, perplexed.
“Before this, no one has ever asked me to marry him.  Not once.  At least you've been proposed to.  It didn't work out, but someone asked you to marry him.  I've had nothing.”
“Chencha, you don't have to settle because—”
“I've made my decision!” Chencha exclaimed.  “I hope you don't stop being my friend.”
“Of course not.  We'll always be friends.”

As it happened, Chencha and Ralph got married quickly in the judge's chamber.  They had agreed that it was better to spend most of their money on a honeymoon on the French Riviera instead of on a lavish wedding.  Eloisa suspected that the real reason for the impromptu simple marriage was because Ralph's parents weren't too happy with his choice and wouldn't have attended the ceremony.  They didn't show their faces at all in the judge's chamber.  
The experience shook Eloisa so much that she decided it was time she did something about her own predicament.  At the university, she sat down to talk to Wayne at the lounge in the union building where they had first met.
“We need to discuss something,” she asserted, her voice determined.
“What is it?”
“You and I aren't right for one another, Wayne.  We might as well face it.”
“What do you mean?!” he snapped. “We're perfect for each other.”
“No, we're not, and you know it.  Look at how many times I bug you about you going to your classes and keeping your grades up.”
“I need someone like you to push me,” he insisted.
“I'm not your mother, Wayne.”
“You need me for fun!”
“Wayne, it’s just not working out,” declared Eloisa. “I’m sorry.”
“So we're breaking up?!” he snapped, incredulous.
“Yes.”
He stood up furiously.  “I don't appreciate being dumped like this.”
“Don't think of it like that.”
“Then how should I think of it?!” he retorted.
“We just didn't work out.”
“You don't know what you're throwing away!” Wayne shot back, his nose flaring. “You were lucky I looked your way.  There's dozens of women who'd do anything to go out with me!”
“I wish you luck with them.”
After he threw her a furious and venomous glare, he stomped away.  Eloisa let out one of the deepest breaths she had ever breathed out in her life.

By the time Chencha arrived back from her exotic but annoying honeymoon, she was already having serious doubts about her hasty decision to marry Ralph Cola. The truth was that he was beginning to really annoy her with his ability to say the wrong things at the wrong times. Yet, she decided to grin and bear it, to not even tell her best friend about what she was feeling. Maybe she could learn to ignore her lack of love and even like for her new husband. Instead, she decided to try to spend as little time as she could with the very unlikable Ralph Rodent, as she took to calling him in her mind. She’d just have to make her marriage work! Ralph Rodent! She’d learn if not to like or love him, to put up with him! 
“Eloisa, you have to come stay with me for the weekend,” she told her friend over the phone.  The more people she had with her, the less time she’d have to spend alone with Ralph Rodent. “We'll have such a good time.”
“Are you sure that it would be okay?”
“Yes, Ralph works for most of the weekend, so we'll have the house to ourselves.  You'll come won't you?”
“I'll be happy to stay with you.”
Actually, Eloisa was missing her best friend, and a change in scenery could do her some good.  Everybody in her house was preoccupied with something.  Carmela was sewing a new dress for a friend, Lola seemed to be in the throws of a new romantic relationship as she often talked to a boy on the phone, Marta was obsessed with her Science project, and Doña Chona was helping Chencha's mother make curtains.  
The other reason Eloisa felt she needed time to relax was that Wayne had crashed her nerves.  Even though she had tried to end her relationship with him as painless and mature as possible, he insisted on trying to shake up her life.  After each of her classes, he would stand outside the door with a different coed insisting on making introductions.
“This is so and so and she used to be the prom queen at her high school.  Isn't she beautiful?” he would say.
Eloisa almost didn't want to attend her classes anymore.  She, however, had enough one day and asked a friend in class for a favor. 
“Let me introduce you to Tino,” she told Wayne, whose mouth flew wide open.
“I'm so glad we're in the same class,” Tino said, giving her a light peck on the lips.  “Eloisa is awesome.”
It was the last time Wayne waited outside class for her.  Even if Wayne seemed to be out of her hair, Eloisa still felt the rotten distaste in her mouth about the whole experience.  Visiting with her best friend would be like a curative tonic for her. 


Chapter 15

“It's a beautiful home,” expressed Eloisa as she stood in Chencha's living room one early evening.  She had just been given a detailed tour of the house by an overinflated with pride Ralph.
“I've always dreamed about having a house like this one,” stated Chencha, hoping her friend didn’t see the unhappiness in her eyes.
“As you can see, anyone would be thrilled have a house like this.” Ralph espoused.  “Country club living is the best!”
“Yes, it's a beautiful home,” Eloisa repeated, wondering when she and Chencha could catch up on their friendship in private, without the aggravating presence of Ralph.
“Eloisa, you should know how happy Chencha and I are,” stated Ralph.  “She's a wonderful wife.  You know that it doesn't bother her that I have to work long hours.  In fact, she encourages me to work harder.  Most wives would have a fit if they had to spend so much time without their husbands.”
“I know how important it is for Ralph to get ahead, so I try to be supportive,” Chencha asserted slyly.
“I've got such a surprise for you, Eloisa.  We're having dinner at my boss's one-of-a-kind mansion. Isn’t that exciting?! ”
“What?” blurted Eloisa.
“He lives next door, and he's having a dinner party tonight,” Ralph announced. “His house is so beautiful, and he gives the most prestigious dinner parties.  I already called him and got permission for you to come! What an honor for you!!! Chencha will loan you a dress since I’m sure you don’t have an adequate one.”
“Can't I go with what I'm wearing?” asked Eloisa, annoyed.
Ralph groaned. “I know you're not used to them, but this is a high class dinner party!  Chencha, please lend her a proper dress. Eloisa, you can’t present yourself in those cheap rags you usually wear,” he snapped.
Eloisa’s face flushed with bright red flares.  “How I dress is my business!!! I don’t appreciate—”
“Eloisa, come upstairs with me,” cut in Chencha, trying to defuse the heated situation.
When they reached the master bedroom, Chencha immediately took to trying to smooth her friend’s feathers. “Please don’t take offense to what Ralph said. You know how stupid he is when he talks.”
“I really don’t know how you can stand him.”
Chencha ignored Eloisa’s comment. “Let’s get dressed for the party.”
“I really don't want to go to that snob soiree,” Eloisa growled.  “I’ll wait for you here.”
“Please go with me.  I hate the idea of being at one of those things by myself.”
“You have your husband.”
“Please go with me,” pleaded Chencha.  “Please, please, please. You can wear anything you want from my closet. I got a lot of awesome clothes during my honeymoon in Europe!”
“I don’t—”
“Please, please, please! I’m begging!”
“Oh, all right,” Eloisa muttered, sighing. “But I'll pick the outfit.”
Chencha smiled broadly.  “Anything you say.”
Eloisa chose a simple black sheath with shiny material.  Fortunately, she and Chencha used the same shoe size, so she slipped into Chencha's black pumps with no problems.
“Are you sure you want to wear that dress?” questioned Chencha.
“This used to be your favorite outfit.”
“Now I have much more expensive ones. You don’t want to wear one of my couture outfits from Europe?”
“I still like this dress best of all,” affirmed Eloisa.
“Then you can have it.”
“You're going to give it to me?”
Chencha nodded. “It's my thanks for going with me to this awful thing.”
“Chencha, you don't have to give me anything.  I'm going because I'm your friend.”
“I know, but I still want to give it to you.  Let's finish dressing before Ralph Rod—” Chencha blurted, stopping herself from finishing the word rodent. “Before Ralph has a cow.  He'd die if we were late to his silly boss's dinner party.” 
When they came downstairs, Ralph rushed them next door.  Eloisa reminded herself that after this, she'd get the rest of the weekend to spend with her friend.  When Ralph rang the doorbell and the door swung open, Eloisa wasn't prepared for who was standing in front of her.
“Good evening,” greeted Dario, his eyes on Eloisa. “How is everybody?”


Chapter 16

“What are you doing here?” blurted Eloisa. Dario eyed her as cool as a cucumber.
“I told you that my boss is Dario's uncle, didn't I?” asked Ralph.
Eloisa scolded herself for not remembering that detail from Fernie's birthday party.  “Yes, you did tell me.”
“Come in,” Dario said, showing them in. “My uncle is waiting for you to start dinner.”
Standing in the living room were Jacqueline, Ivana, and an older man who Eloisa assumed was Dario's uncle. Eloisa pushed down a huge groan.
“Dario, you should have let the butler open the door,” the older gentleman declared, annoyed. “That’s what I pay him for. I don’t know what got into you that you insisted on getting the door. Are you coming down with something?”
“We’re not late, are we?” asked Ralph with panic in his voice.
“No, you're right on time,” grumbled the older man.  “But some people make it a habit of doing things early instead of waiting to the last minute.”
“It was the ladies,” Ralph rushed, his voice meek and apologetic.  “They took too long getting dressed.”
“Hello, Mr. Quintana,” Chencha articulated.  “This is my friend, Eloisa.”
Eloisa extended her hand.  “Pleased to meet you.”
“You're Balb's sister, aren't you?” he asked as he shook her hand.
“Yes, I am.”
“The apple falls far from the tree.  You seem nothing alike,” he stated, sniffing.
“No, luckily we're not,” muttered Eloisa. “Hello Jacqueline, hello Ivana.”
They murmured their hellos with snickers hidden underneath their tones.
“Is Balbino Jr. here?” Eloisa questioned Ivana.
“Your brother is working late,” Ivana stated.
“How's the baby?” asked Eloisa.
“He's fine.  He's with the nanny.”
Eloisa crossed her arms.  She was revolted with the fact that she had a nephew she rarely saw.  He was with the nanny.  Wasn't that great?  A stranger saw him more than she did.   
“Shall we eat now?” asked Mr. Quintana, making it more of a command than a question.
They followed him into the dining area and sat on chairs belonging to a dark cherry Queen Anne dinette.  A crystal chandelier on the ceiling lit the entire room with a subtle glow.  Two servants started serving them the first course, a rich mushroom soup.
“Everything looks wonderful, Mr. Quintana,” burst Ralph. “Really wonderful!”
“It's adequate,” stated Mr. Quintana, sniffing.  
“Placido, you throw the best dinner parties,” announced Ivana.  “I am always in amazement of their style and good taste.”
“I, myself, am always in amazement at how beautiful you ladies always look,” Mr. Quintana declared, looking at Ivana and Jacqueline.
Ivana gushed, “Thank you, Placido.  You're such a smooth talker.” 
“Your dress is so charming, Eloisa.  Is it a designer one?” questioned Jacqueline.
“No.”
“It's not?” Jacqueline asked, taken aback by Eloisa's curt answer.
“No.”
“Chencha tried to loan her one of her boutique dresses, but she picked that one,” Ralph blurted apologetically.
“That's our Eloisa,” stated Ivana, her nose in the air.  “Always with the taste for the very plain.”
“I'm not ashamed to say I like simple things,” declared Eloisa.
Jacqueline shrugged her shoulders, sniffing.  “If that's what you like, then that's what you like.”
“Why shouldn't she like it?” questioned Dario.  “That black dress looks beautiful on her.  It's a good match with her long, curly, black hair.”
Eloisa eyed him, completely startled with his complement. Everyone else at the table did the same. An awkward silence ensued.
“Let's have the next course,” burst Mr. Quintana sternly, interrupting the uncomfortable moment.
After dinner, the guests and host sat outside in Mr. Quintana's backyard drinking wine.  Eloisa excused herself to go to the restroom inside of the house.  When she finished and stepped back into the enormous living room, she found Dario sitting by himself on the sofa, looking uncharacteristically nervous.
“So how do you like the dinner party so far?” he questioned, standing up.
“It's okay.”
“Not your cup of tea, is it?” he inquired, his dark eyes firmly on her.
“No, not really.”
“I didn't think so.”
“Dario, are you actually making conversation with me?” Eloisa asked, perplexed.
“Is there anything wrong with that?”
“You give me the impression that you're not big on conversation.  You don't like talking to people much, do you?”
“I find it difficult to talk to people I don't know,” he explained.
“Why is that?”
“I'm not an extrovert,” he declared. “I work with numbers all day.  That's easy.  Trying to carry on a conversation of small talk—now that's difficult.”  
“Dario, are you going to stay in here all night,” questioned Jacqueline as she stepped in from the outside and unpleasantly eyed Eloisa from top to bottom.
“I’ll leave you two alone. Excuse me,” Eloisa stated, walking away from them.  
As she was stepping outside, Mr. Quintana appeared and told her he would like to show her his art pieces.  He led her to a hallway full of priceless original paintings hanging from the walls..
“You've got an original Picasso,” she murmured, astonished.
“It was a little something I picked up.”
“Amazing.”
“I wanted to ask you, how's your sister Carmela?” he inquired nonchalantly.
“You know Carmela?” questioned Eloisa, surprised.
“I know of her.  She must've gotten her heart broken when Fernie stopped seeing her.”
“She's fine,” Eloisa burst, gritting her teeth.
“Let me tell you a bit about our family, Eloisa.  We come from one of the most important families in Mexico,” he sniffed.  “In fact, we can trace our lineage to the royalty in Spain.”
“Really?” she asked, irritated that he would think it would matter to her.
“Your family would never feel comfortable amongst ours.  Carmela was fortunate it ended when it did.  It would take a lot to be part of my family.  Dario and Fernie know what's expected of them.  Take Dario, for instance, someday he'll marry someone appropriate for himself like Jacqueline,” he asserted as he looked slyly at Eloisa.  “She'd be his perfect companion.”
“I'm sure she would,” Eloisa muttered.
“Dario knows what's important.  That's why he convinced Fernie to end the relationship with your sister.”
“What?” Eloisa burst.
“He is the one who made Fernie come to his senses and see reason.”
“Dario separated Fernie from my sister?!” Eloisa blurted furiously.  
“Yes, he certainly did.”
It had merely been a suspicion before, but now it was confirmed! Eloisa was livid about the confirmation of the horrible suspicion concerning Dario’s sinister hand in the breakup of her sister and his brother.
When the dinner party finally ended, Eloisa marched to Chencha's house without saying a word. Chencha couldn’t figure out what had upset her friend so much. Eloisa asked for aspirin but refused to talk about what was piercing her head for fear of it exploding if she let it out.  In bed in one of Chencha's guest rooms, Eloisa tossed and turned with violence.

Spending Saturday with Chencha watching movies and talking about old times had a calming effect on Eloisa.  She still refused to talk about the previous evening, so Chencha decided to give Eloisa some space. As promised, Ralph worked all day.  When a new friend of Chencha's dropped by during the evening, Eloisa decided to give them time to visit and went outside to the gazebo.  The flower gardens were absolutely breathtaking as they were well tended by a very talented gardener.  Their explosion of color livened all of Eloisa’s senses. She had a remarkable time breathing in the outside air of sweet flower fragrances and watching the glowing sun set.  
“Chencha told me you were out here,” murmured Dario from behind her, his voice atypically edgy and jittery.  Eloisa's insides almost jumped out.  “I didn't mean to startle you, but I need to speak to you.”


Chapter 17

What in the world is he doing here? Eloisa wondered.  “What can I do for you?” she asked coldly.
“I can't keep it in anymore,” he declared, rushing his shaky words.  “I have to tell you that I find myself having amorous feelings for you.  I know I shouldn't be thinking of you romantically, but I am.  I've tried everything to tear you out of my heart and mind.  Absolutely everything!  It's a ridiculous situation, but I have to do something about it . . .  I guess what I'm asking is that we start some kind of a romantic relationship.”
“What?”
Dario grew irritated.  “I'm asking you to go out with me.”
“Go out with you?” 
“Yes,” stated Dario.
“No, I won’t go out with you!” she burst.
“No?”
“No.”
“You’re going to reject me just like that?” he questioned, upset.
“Yes.”
“Why?” he muttered. “You won’t even give me an opportunity? Why?”
“Why?  Should you even ask me why?  You tell me that you can't understand how you can care about someone like me.”
“I didn't mean it like that.”
“Let me tell you something, I don't need you or your snooty royal blood or your condescending money.  Did you think that the penniless wench would jump at your preposition?  I'm not Cinderella.  I don't need a prince to rescue me.”  
“You're taking it wrong.  Obviously I worded how I feel about you badly. I’m not very good at expressing feelings.”
“Even if you had given me a very passionate preposition instead of insulting me, I still wouldn't go out with you.”
“I prefer you over any other woman. Doesn’t that mean anything to you?” he questioned, his proud voice with hurt spikes.
“I know more about you than you think,” snapped Eloisa. “I know that along with you tearing your brother away from a friendship with Wayne, you also tore him away from—”
“Wayne?!  Are you in love with him?!”
“Is it any of your business?” Eloisa burst.
“For your information, I didn't tear his friendship away from my brother,” he explained crisply. “Fernie was forced to get away from Wayne.”
“Like your brother was forced to get away from my sister?” Eloisa retorted. “You convinced him to break up with Carmela, didn't you?”
“Yes, I admit that I did,” he murmured, quietly.
Bile rose to her throat. “How could you?”
“Let me tell you what you don't know about your good friend Wayne,” Dario sneered.  “He was sleeping with Fernie's fiancée.  Fernie was broken after that.  Completely broken, and when he took a shine to your sister, I didn't want to see him hurt again.”
“Why would you think that Carmela would break his heart?”
“It was obvious to me that your sister didn't have the same feelings for him as he had for her.”
“How could you have made that assumption?!” Eloisa snarled.
“Easily, she didn't look to be enamored of my brother, and it didn't help that your mother was bragging to everybody about Fernie’s sentiments for your sister.”
“Did you hear Carmela brag about your brother’s feelings for her?”
“In all honesty, no.”
 “My sister is a reserved person.  You, of all people, should know what it's like to be shy and awkward around other human beings.  At least that's what you were telling me last night.  You're nothing more than an unsympathetic, arrogant jerk!”
Dario’s face scrunched in a wince as if a sharp object had pierced it. “Is that what you think of me?”
“You haven't proven yourself different in my book.”
He stared at her for a few seconds, his dark eyes penetrating hers, his lips in a constant ache for her kiss.  “I apologize for coming here.  Please forgive me for disturbing your peace,” he murmured, leaving.


Chapter 18

Eloisa pondered the infuriating situation from all sides. What good purpose would it serve to tell Carmela of what she had learned about Fernie?  Eloisa decided it was best to keep quiet and hope that her sister would be able to eventually rip him out of her heart.  And as for Dario’s strange and out-of-the-blue preposition, she preferred not to talk about that either.  It was too much of a private conversation between her and Dario to let anyone else in.  
The people she did feel compelled to have a talk with about new circumstances happening in her household were her two younger sisters.  She spoke to Lola first who was feeding the ducks.  The sweet creatures happily gobbled up the bread crumbs Lola threw at them.  Eloisa asked her sister to sit on the porch with her.
“This new boyfriend of yours, is he a responsible young man?” questioned Eloisa.
“He's not my boyfriend!” Lola burst. “He's just my friend.” 
“Judging by how often you talk to him, you have a crush on him, don't you?” 
“We're only friends,” Lola insisted. “But he is an awesome guy!”
“If it becomes more than friendship, you know you can talk to me about anything, right?”
“Yes, Eloisa, I know that,” Lola burst as she rolled her eyes.
Eloisa next found Marta in her bedroom avidly studying her science textbook.
“I'm very proud that you won first place for your Science Project,” declared Eloisa.
“Thank you,” responded Marta with a grin.
“Do you know how smart you are?”
“I'm not that smart,” Marta murmured shyly.
“You’re the most intelligent one in the family, Marta.”
“I'm not, you are.”
“No, Marta, you're wrong.  Do you realize that I almost never have to help you with your homework?”
Marta shrugged her shoulders.  “It's never hard.”
“To you it's not.  To Carmela, Lola, and me it is.”
“I try to help Lola as much as I can.”
“I know,” Eloisa declared.  “You're a good sister.”
“Lola is awesome.”
“Marta, I know you look up to her.”
“We have a lot of fun together.”
“Having fun is important,” stated Eloisa.
“Do you really think so?  It looks like you don't have fun at all.”
“I know I'm a little too serious sometimes,” Eloisa murmured.
“You're very serious.”
“Okay, I'm very serious,” agreed Eloisa. “It's that ever since papa died, I feel it would be so easy for this family to lose itself.  Look at Balbino Jr.”
Marta grimaced. “He's gone off and left us.”
“Marta, you can have fun and still be responsible about your future.”
“I haven't stopped being on the honor roll, have I?” Marta burst.
“No, but you're getting to an age where boys are becoming important. I don't want you to lose your way.”
“I won't,” Marta insisted.
“It's not enough to be intelligent.  You have to be smart about life too.  You've got a whole lifetime to put together the different pieces.  You don't have to rush into anything.”
Marta nodded.  “Can I tell you a secret?”
“Of course you can.”
“I want to be a scientist,” Marta blurted quickly.  “Is that silly?”
Eloisa hugged her.  “No, it's not silly at all.  You'd make a great scientist.”
“You really think so?”
“I know so.”
“Eloisa, do you think I can get accepted at a school like Harvard?”
“With your brains, Marta, you can do whatever you want to do.”
Marta swung her arms around Eloisa, almost knocking the wind out of her.  When Eloisa stepped into her own bedroom, a blanket of warmth spread through her. Even though she knew she didn't get to the deep place she wanted to with Lola, at least she had reached an important pinnacle with Marta.


Chapter 19

One of Eloisa's favorite authors was speaking in one of the university library's seminar rooms.  Benita Alvarez wrote Flower Girls, a novel about sisters and their caring for each other.  Eloisa sat in the front row with the book on hand for Benita Alvarez to sign after the reading.
When the author finally stepped in, Eloisa gasped so loudly that a student next to her asked her if she was all right.  She nodded her head, not being able to say a word.  Benita Alvarez had walked in with of all people, the new arch enemy of her family. 
Dario Quintana. 
Why do I bump into him so much?!  she wondered.  Why is he with the famous author? He sure gets around.  And I thought he was with Jacqueline!
Dario sat in a chair next to the podium, almost facing Eloisa directly.  She decided to move, but as she was about to stand up, Dario suddenly noticed her.  He looked to be as surprised as Eloisa was when first seeing him.  He nodded his head solemnly at her, and she did the same to him.  As Benita Alvarez started speaking, Eloisa decided it would be the epitome of rudeness if she changed seats now.  
I'm stuck, she thought. I’ll just ignore Dario.
Throughout the time Benita Alvarez read passages of her novel, Eloisa tried her best not to look at Dario who stole a few glances towards her himself.  When it was over, the author was besieged with people, and Eloisa made a clean getaway.  But as she stood at the elevators, she looked at the book in her hands.  She came to get it signed, and she was leaving without a signature because of Dario.  She came to meet one of her favorite authors but was running away like a coward.  So what if Dario was there?  Eloisa turned around and marched back into the seminar room.  She sat in the back, waiting for the long line of people to get done with Benita Alvarez, so she could have her chance with the famous author. To pass the time Eloisa started talking to a fellow student who used to be in her English Literature class the previous semester.
“Hi,” greeted Dario, walking up to her and startling her.
“It was nice seeing you again, Eloisa,” said the fellow student she was talking to, standing up.  “I've gotta go.  I'll see you around.” He sauntered off.
“Bye,” Eloisa called after him, and then turned back to Dario.  “Hi,” she muttered, not knowing what to do with the awkward and uncomfortable situation. Why had he approached her?
His dark eyes dug into hers. “You're a fan of Benita Alvarez?”
“Yes, I'm a big fan.”  Eloisa held up her novel.  “I'm going to get this signed.”
His intense eyes stayed intently on her. “I'm sure like most great readers, you'd enjoy a conversation with the author.”
“Yes, of course.”
“She has to be on a plane later tonight,” Dario informed, “so she won't have time to sign many more books.  We're having dinner.  Would you like to come with us?”
“Come with you?” The invitation took her by complete surprise.
“Yes, I'm sure she'd love to hear from one of her most ardent and intelligent fans.”
Had he actually complemented her? she wondered.  “I . . . I don't know about joining you,” she answered, his avid stare making her nervous.
“You're busy right now?”
“No, not really.”
“So you'll come?” he asked, his voice pleasantly hopeful.
The top of Eloisa's mouth twitched.  With every molecule inside of her, she wanted to say yes.  How many opportunities like this would she ever have to share a meal with Benita Alvarez?
He pulled out one of his business cards, scribbled on it, and handed it to her, his fingers staying a little longer than necessary on her hand.  “This is where we'll be if you want to drop by.  I hope you prefer our company to going home or anything else on your agenda.” 
Eloisa stared at his tall, long body as he walked away.  As he angled up to the table where Benita Alvarez was signing her novels, she apologized to her fans for having to leave.  They stepped out of the door that was the nearest to the podium. 
“Eloisa, can I borrow your notes from our child development class?” asked a student, startling her out of her thoughts.
“Sure, but I don't have them with me.  I'll have to give them to you tomorrow.”
After a minor discussion about the class, Eloisa found herself in her car, wondering if she should go home or head towards the restaurant. Would the awesomeness of having dinner with one of her favorite authors overtake the disgust of having to spend time with Mr. The-Sun-Only-Shines-On-Me?   Strangely, Dario had been very polite that night.  Wasn't it kind of him to invite her at all?  
As she entered the Mexican restaurant hand written on Dario’s card, she told herself that this was an opportunity she couldn't squander.  Dario waved at her with a welcoming grin as soon as she stepped into the dining area.
“Hi,” she greeted, looking directly at Benita Alvarez.
“Bennie, this is Eloisa Longoria,” Dario introduced.
“I’m a huge fan,” Eloisa gushed, shaking her hand.
“Is that my book you have there?”
“You bet,” Eloisa said as she sat down. “Would you mind signing it?”
“Not at all,” Benita said, taking the book from Eloisa’s hand and immediately flipping to the first page to sign. Dario handed her a pen.
“You don’t know what this means to me, Ms. Alvarez,” Eloisa declared.
“Please call me Benita. You were at the reading earlier, weren't you?” 
“Yes, I was.  Dario was kind enough to invite me here.”
“That's my good friend Dario, a very kind person,” Benita said, smiling at him as she handed the signed book back to Eloisa. “Very kind.”
Eloisa was certain Dario's face turned slightly red.  “Eloisa is a student at UTEP.  She's going to be a teacher,” he informed.
The waiter interrupted. Eloisa, who was the only one who hadn't ordered yet, asked for the special, the taco soup.
“You're going to be a teacher, Eloisa?” questioned Benita as soon as the waiter had left.
“I know it doesn't sound very glamorous, but I've always wanted to be a teacher.”
“I think it's very noble,” declared Benita.  
Dario nodded, his dark eyes on Eloisa. “I completely agree.”
“What are you going to teach?” Benita asked.
“I'm going to be a high school English teacher.  I love literature.”
“That's wonderful, Eloisa,” Benita stated.  “Truly wonderful.”
“Yes,” Dario murmured.
Eloisa's face became flushed.  “I'm not here to talk about myself.  What I really want to talk about is your amazing novel.”
“I knew I liked this young woman,” Benita told Dario with a chuckle.  
“How did you get the idea for Flower Girls?” Eloisa asked eagerly.
“I'm very close to my sisters.  I wanted to write about the importance of close family ties.  It's so necessary to have that.”
Eloisa grinned broadly.  “I couldn't agree more.”
“You're close to your family?” asked Benita.
“Her father died, and she's helped take care of her family since,” explained Dario, a certain admiration in his voice.
Eloisa was completely taken aback by Dario’s numerous compliments all through the evening.  As the waiter served them their food, Eloisa felt the warmth of being with uplifting people. Yet, one of the people at the table was the arrogant Dario Quintana. How confusing! 
“Good for you,” gushed Benita. “Family is everything. Eloisa, you’re a hero!”
Eloisa turned a bright reddish tint. “The food looks delicious,” she rushed as she changed the subject, smiling at her large bowl of taco soup.
As the dinner progressed, Eloisa was able to uncover everything she had ever wanted to know about Benita Alvarez.  She was immensely grateful that the author was not bothered by her bombardment of questions.  Dario stayed quiet through most of it, looking amused.  Then he excused himself to step outside to make a business call from his cell phone.
“How long have you known Dario, Eloisa?” questioned Benita.
“I really don't know him that well.”
“I've known him for many years.  We attended college together.  We're very good buddies.”  
“You are?”
Benita nodded. “He's one of the nicest people I know.”
“Really?” Eloisa blurted out before she could stop herself.
“Sometimes, people don't know how to take him,” Benita murmured gently.
“You've got to admit that he’s somewhat hard to get to know.”
“Eloisa, you've got to understand that Dario lost his parents at a young age and had to take over the family business when most people that age are still trying to find themselves.  He didn't have time for partying and making youthful mistakes.  He had to become a man in an instant.”
Eloisa grew pensive.  “That must've been difficult.”
“I agree with you that maybe he doesn't have the charms of a man who has a lot of practice in socializing, but he's true blue.  You can depend on him being who he is no matter what.  He won't pretend to be different, he’s not a phony, and he’s always truthful.”
“There's a lot to say for honest people.”
“Eloisa, you just said a mouthful.  And you're wrong about him being hard to get to know.  Only at the beginning is he that way.  Afterwards, you'll realize he's easy.  No other friend will be more loyal or more there for you than him.


Chapter 20

When Ralph Cola drove up to Doña Chona's house, Eloisa hoped nothing was wrong with Chencha.  The recently slightly secretive Chencha had blurted Ralph Rodent at one point in their conversation and then had quickly changed the subject. Eloisa was certain her best friend was suffering in her loveless marriage. Now Ralph was at her doorway. What did he want? Even Doña Chona looked out the window with a puzzled expression on her face.  As he walked in the house, he cheerfully carried a manila envelope in his hands.
“I've got such a surprise for you!” Ralph blurted. “For poor people like you Longorias, Christmas came early.”
“Caramba, what are you talking about?” burst Doña Chona.
“Upon going over the figures, I found there was a mistake in the mortgage of the home,” Ralph announced.
“A mistake?” asked Doña Chona, gulping loudly.
“What is the mistake?” questioned a worried Eloisa.
“Stop looking so scared.  It's a good surprise,” he asserted.
“Caramba, tell us the surprise, Ralph, before my nerves explode!” declared Doña Chona.
“You're paid out,” he stated. “You own this raggedy old house free and clear.”
“What?!” burst Eloisa. 
“Your note is paid out.  You don't owe anything.  In fact, I've got the title to your shabby house right here,” he stated as he handed Doña Chona the envelope.
“We're paid out?” questioned Eloisa, her throat squeezing shut with emotion.
“You now own this home in full,” he asserted. “Of course, it’s not like owning my country club palace, but at least you don’t have to make any more payments.”
“Caramba, I thought we had five more years to go,” remarked Doña Chona, puzzled.
“No, not according to my new figures.”
“But—” Doña Chona started to say.
“Doña Chona, are you going to look a gift horse in the mouth?” Ralph questioned sternly.
“No,” murmured Doña Chona, shaking her head.
“Take the title and frame it.  I'm telling you that you're now the full owners of your home.”
“Thank you, Ralph!” burst Doña Chona.
“Yes, thank you.” reiterated Eloisa.
“I've got to go. Like I said, it’s not a mansion, but it’s still a home, congrats,” he said as he stepped out the door.
A stupefied Eloisa sat down on the sofa, her face in complete amazement.  Doña Chona plopped down next to her and put her arm on Eloisa's shoulders.
Doña Chona squeezed her in a hug.  “You know what this means, mija?  You can start working part time at your job.  Caramba, next semester you'll be able to go full time to school!”
“I can finally finish,” murmured Eloisa, tears streaming down her face.
“Yes, you can finish. Great, great caramba!”

That evening, Doña Chona had a special dinner to celebrate this most fortunate turn of events.  She cooked her specialty pipian from scratch, using actual pumpkin seeds and a special sauce to give it the tangy taste her family loved.  When Carmela arrived home, she found a note stuck to the screen door.  
“Mama, someone left this for you,” Carmela informed. “It looks like Lola's handwriting.”
Doña Chona took the note with a quizzical look.  “Why would Lola leave me a note?”
“Yes, why?” asked Eloisa with sharp curiosity.
Doña Chona opened the note with a perplexed expression. As she read it, her face exploded in emotion.  “Oh no!  No!  Caramba, how could she?”
“What's wrong?” questioned Eloisa as she took the note from Doña Chona's clammy hands.
“What is it?” asked Carmela, worried.
“Lola has run away with her boyfriend,” Eloisa explained with a tight and shaky throat as she read the note.
“She did?!” burst Carmela.
“Caramba, that girl is going to be the death of me!” snapped Doña Chona as she fanned air in front of her face with her hand.
“Marta!” yelled Eloisa.  
“I'm busy with my homework,” responded Marta from her room.
“You'd better get over here, young lady!” Doña Chona exclaimed.
Marta dragged herself to the kitchen with a look of dread on her face.
“Where did this note come from?” Eloisa questioned sternly, waving the note at her.
“What is that?” Marta asked meekly.
 “You know perfectly well what this is,” Eloisa snapped.
Marta let out a breath.  “I didn't want to do it.  I told her so.”
“Lola made you put this note on the screen door?” asked Carmela.
“I told her I didn't want anything to do with it, but she pleaded with me.”
“Where did she go?” Eloisa demanded.
Marta shrugged her shoulders.  “I don't know.”
“Caramba, you'd better tell us!” cried Doña Chona.
“I really don't know where she went.  She wouldn't tell me.”
“You don't know where she went, but do you know who she went with?  Who is this boyfriend of hers?” Eloisa questioned.
Marta shuffled her feet.  “I . . . I don't know.”
“Marta, this is important! Eloisa burst. “You’re obviously lying.  Who is her boyfriend?” 
“Tell us who she went with!” demanded Doña Chona with a threat to her tone.
“Wayne,” Marta murmured meekly.
Eloisa stared at her in disbelief. “Wayne?!” 
“Yes, Wayne.”


Chapter 21

“You mean Wayne is the friend she's been talking to all this time?!” Eloisa snapped.
“Yes.”
“Why didn't you tell us?!” Doña Chona retorted.
Carmela put her hand on Marta's shoulder.  “Why did you keep this to yourself?” 
“I didn't know until recently, and she made me promise I wouldn't tell.”
Eloisa rushed to the telephone in the living room as the rest followed her.  
“Wayne's phone is disconnected!” Eloisa burst as she put the receiver back on the cradle.
“Caramba, do you know where he lives?” asked Doña Chona with desperation in her voice.
“No, I don't,” responded Eloisa.
“What are we going to do?” asked Carmela, tears tumbling from her eyes.
“I know someone who’ll know where he lives,” murmured Eloisa as she walked towards the door.  “Stay here.  I need to go by myself.”
In her car, she violently opened her purse and turned it upside down on the shotgun seat, letting all it contained come stumbling out in a mess. Frantically searching, she couldn’t find Dario’s business card of when he had given it to her with the hand written Mexican restaurant of where he’d be with Benita Alvarez. Eloisa sighed despondently. The plan had been to call Dario, ask for Wayne’s address, and go get her sister. Now she’d have to go to Dario’s home to get the very important address. 
She told herself to take deep breaths and to concentrate on the road.  It wouldn't do anybody any good if she had a car accident.  When she arrived at her destination, she braced herself before knocking on the door.
“Eloisa?” asked a surprised Dario, opening his door.
“Hi,” she quickly greeted.  “May I speak to you?”  
“Come in.”
From the doorway she saw his uncle and Jacqueline.  “I'd rather not.  It's a private conversation and if it's not too much of an inconvenience, can you come out here?”
“Certainly,” he said as he studied her with concern and closed the door behind him.  “You don't look well. Are you okay?”
“I'm fine.  I need to know Wayne's address.  Can you give it to me?”
“Sure, but what's the problem?” His eyes kept dissecting her.
“Please don't ask me,” she murmured, her voice edgy.  “I can only tell you that this is an emergency.”
“Maybe I can help.”
“It's not your problem.”
“Let me help, Eloisa.  Please.”
“I . . . I. . . I'm so close to losing it, Dario,” she stuttered.  “I don't want to . . . I repeat, this is not your problem.”
He nodded solemnly.  “If you don't want to tell me then it's fine.  But I'm going to have to take you to Wayne's home.  It's too complicated for just directions.”
“But you've got guests.”
“They'll be here when I get back. I much prefer to go with you. Give me a few seconds,” he said with his hand on the doorknob.  “Do you need anything, a glass of water maybe, while I'm in there?”
“No, no thank you.”
It was only a few seconds until he stepped out again.  He led her to his car, and they climbed in.  As he pulled away, he made no attempt at conversation.  Eloisa was grateful for the silence, so she could place her thoughts in some kind of order.  She was relieved that throughout their twenty minute ride, she was able to keep any anxious tears at bay.
“We're here,” Dario declared, parking in front of a row of run down apartments.  Eloisa recognized Wayne's burgundy sports vehicle in front of one of them.
“You might as well know since you'll know in a few minutes anyway that Lola has run away with him,” she murmured.
Dario stared at her intently.  “I'm going into his apartment with you, Eloisa.”
“You don't have to.  I'll get her myself and—”
“This is non-negotiable.  You probably don't know that Wayne can be a violent man.  Unless you tell me you have a black belt in karate, I'm not letting you go in there by yourself.”
Eloisa nodded.  “Okay, come in with me.”
When they arrived at the door, Dario put his hand on the doorknob and turned it.
“He always leaves doors open,” Dario informed Eloisa.
Wayne and Lola sat in the living room watching television as Eloisa and Dario stormed in. Their shocked expressions at seeing the furious intruders quickly changed to indignant rage.
“What are you doing here?!” snapped Wayne at Dario.
“Eloisa!” exclaimed Lola.
“We're going home,” demanded Eloisa.
Lola vehemently shook her head, making ranting noises. “I'm staying right here!” 
“Yeah, she's staying with me,” snapped Wayne, standing up.


Chapter 22

“Is she really staying with you, worthless jerk?” Dario challenged sarcastically.
Wayne glared at him. “You'd better not even think of putting a hand on me, or I'm calling the police.  Assault is a crime.” 
Dario pulled out his cell phone.  “Well then, let me call the police for you.  Kidnapping is a major felony.”
“Kidnapping?  What are you talking about?  She came here out of her own free will,” retorted Wayne.
“Yeah, that's true!  I want to be with him!” declared Lola.
“But you're still a minor,” burst Eloisa.  
“And there's statutory rape too,” Dario mentioned nonchalantly.
Wayne’s eyes grew wider. “Statutory rape?!  I haven't touched her!” 
“You haven't?!” demanded Eloisa.
“It's her time of the month,” Wayne stated with disgust in his voice.
“Let's see what the police have to say about this situation, shall we?” Dario declared as he started pushing the buttons on his cell phone.
“Wait!” exclaimed Wayne.  “Lola, you've got to leave.”
“But Wayne—”
“I'm not going to get in trouble because of the likes of you.”
“But I love you Wayne.  I—”
“Shut up,” he snapped, raising his hand as if he was about to strike her but then quickly came to his senses about them not being alone. Instead, he used his raised hand to fiercely indicate the door. “Get out of here you adolescent skank!”
Eloisa's hand smacked Wayne so hard he fell to the ground. “Don't you ever call my sister that!” Eloisa demanded.
Wayne started stumbling up as if he was violently going towards Eloisa when Dario stood in front of him.  “You hit her, you're dead,” Dario menaced, growling.
Wayne nodded furiously as he glared at Eloisa and then at Lola.  “You might as well know that I only gave you the time of day to avenge your stupid sister dumping me!” he snapped.
Dario’s eyes ignited in flames as his hands became tight, gnarled fists. “You worthless idiot—” Eloisa rushed between them. Wayne dropped to his knees in back of Eloisa, fretfully cowering down.
“He’s not worth getting your hands dirty with his blood,” Eloisa muttered.
Lola sobbed as she grabbed her bag and rushed out the door.  “Let's go!” she exclaimed, over her shoulder.  
In the car, Lola, Eloisa, and Dario quietly stared straight ahead as Dario drove.  When arriving at Dario's home, Eloisa handed Lola her car keys. 
“I'll be there in a few minutes,” Eloisa told her as she walked with Dario a few steps into the driveway.
Dario gazed intently at Eloisa.  “You don't have to.”
“Have to what?” she asked.
“Thank me.”
“How do you know I'm going to thank you?”
“I know you well enough,” he murmured with a smile.
Eloisa nodded.  “I hate it when you're right.  Thank you, Dario.”
“I told you it wasn't necessary.”
“And I'm telling you that it is,” Eloisa burst. “A good turn deserves a thank you at the very least.”
“Then I accept your thanks.”
“You were pretty awesome today.”
He chuckled, his dark eyes firmly on hers. “I much prefer your compliments to your dislike of me.”
Eloisa smiled. “Dario, I don’t dislike you. Not anymore.”
Dario’s eyebrows rose. “You don’t know what a relief that is to me.”
In Eloisa's car, Lola sat sobbing.  Eloisa quietly climbed in, started the car, and pulled away. Instead of driving home, she parked at scenic drive.  People admired the sights as the city glittered before them.  Eloisa didn't know if she liked it better during the day when she could see El Paso clearly or during the night like at the moment when the city sparkled in its own majestic way.
“Why are we here?” Lola questioned with curiosity on her tear stained face.
“We need to talk,” answered Eloisa.
“Can't we just go home?” Lola snapped. “I don't want to talk about this.”
“We're going to talk about it whether you like it or not.”
“Whatever you say, commander,” sneered Lola.
“Do you resent me so much, Lola?  Have I been such a bad sister to you?”
“You're so bossy!” Lola retorted. “You're not my mother or my father, Eloisa.”
“I know that, Lola.”
“Then why do you act the way you do?”
Eloisa sighed deeply. “Because I don't want you to end up miserable.  Look at what you did today, for goodness sake.”
“If you hadn't shown up, I'd still be with him!” Lola snapped. “We’d still be together!”
“You want to be with a man who calls you a skank?”
“Well . . . no.”
“You want to be with someone who only wants to use you for revenge?”
“No,” Lola murmured, her sight dropping to the car floor.
“You know what would've happened to you?  You would've ended up a pregnant teen-ager like our cousin Donna.  You tell me, how happy is she taking care of a tiny baby that cries all the time and needs everything from her?”
“She doesn't seem too happy,” grumbled Lola.
“And where's that boyfriend she was so in love with?  Where is he?”
Lola shrugged her shoulders.  “No one knows.”
“He left her holding the bag.  Meanwhile, she's had to give up her youth.  Give up parties, proms, and freedom.  Is that what you want?”
“No.”
“You can always have babies later, but this time in your life passes fast.  Why would you want to throw away your youth on a jerk who’ll take everything from you and leave you with nothing but problems? He’s a loser, Lola.”
“I love him,” she murmured almost inaudibly.
Eloisa groaned loudly. “Because you think you love him you'd let him do whatever he wants with you?  Treat you any way he wants? Walk all over you?”
“No,” she murmured meekly.
“Do you love us, your family?”
“Of course!” Lola proclaimed, her eyes shifting to Eloisa from the car floor, indignant to have been asked that question.
“Then why have you treated us like this?  After all the sacrifices—”
“Stop it, Eloisa!” Lola burst. “Stop it!”
“Stop what?”
“You're such a martyr.  Nobody asked you to give up full-time college for us.  You gave it up because you wanted to.”
“I wanted to?” asked Eloisa with her eyes brimming with tears.
“Yeah! You were probably too lazy to go full-time and you want to blame us for your decision.”
“Lazy?!” Eloisa snapped. “Since when have I been lazy?” she demanded to know.
Lola’s eyes dropped to the floor again. “Well…”
“And have I ever told you or anyone house in the family that I blamed you for my decision?”
“No, but it's there anyway.”
Eloisa stared at the steering wheel.  “I give up,” she muttered with tears starting to slowly fall.  “You do whatever you want to do, Lola.”


Chapter 23

“I will!” Lola burst. “I’ll do whatever I want!”
“Let's go,” Eloisa announced as she turned the key.
“It's about time!” Lola snapped. “All you brought me out here for was to aggravate me.” 
Eloisa abruptly turned to her.  “Aggravate you?  I'm inconveniencing you, is that it?”
“Don't make a big deal out of nothing, Eloisa.”  
 “Talking about our lives is nothing?  My life is nothing?  Let me tell you, little girl, that I wasn't too lazy to go to school full-time!” Eloisa exclaimed, letting the flood of hot tears out.  “Do you know how it feels to have to delay a dream?  A dream that’s at your reach?  That’s yours for the taking?  If I would’ve gone full-time to college, I would’ve graduated a long time ago!  I’d already be a teacher and going for my graduate degree.  My heart shattered because I couldn’t get the full college experience, and I couldn't tell anybody.  I couldn't let anyone know how much I hurt because I didn't want anyone to feel bad.  I didn't want anybody to feel guilty because ultimately, I was completely responsible for my decision.   No one made it for me.  I know that!”
Lola looked at Eloisa in a frightened way.  She had never seen her sister so out of control, and she put her hand on Eloisa's arm.  “Calm down, Eloisa.”
“Do you think I'm a statue, Lola?  That I don't have feelings and needs of my own?  Do you think my only purpose in life is to fluff up my ego by telling you and Marta what to do?  Do you think I'm that much of an egomaniac?”
“I just . . . just . . .”
“Just what?”
“I just think you're very hard on us.”
“I'm sorry if I've gone overboard,” Eloisa murmured.
“And. . .”
“And what?”
“Eloisa, are you ever proud of me?” Lola questioned quietly, her eyes pushing out tears. 
“What?”
“You think I don't know that I'm the black sheep of the family?”
Eloisa’s eyebrows shot up in puzzlement. “Why would you say that, Lola?”
“Because I am,” she insisted. “I know Balbino Jr. has abandoned us, but at least he's successful.  I'm just a goofball.”
Eloisa energetically shook her head. “You're not a goofball!”
“Then what am I?” questioned Lola, challenging her.  “I'm not beautiful and serene like Carmela.  I'm not smart like Marta.  And I'm not responsible like you.  So what am I?”
“You're our shining light, Lola.  You’re such a fun person.”
“Big deal.”
“It is a big deal.  It's a very big deal.  Not many people have the talent to make people around them happy.  And you’re smart despite what you think.”
“I am?”
“Yes, you are,” insisted Eloisa. “You may not care much for books, but you can figure out stuff that I can't.”
“Like what?”
“You figured out how to work all the features of the computer way before I did.”
Lola smiled.  “I did do that, didn't I?”
“Yes, you did.”
“If I tell you something, will you promise not to be disappointed?” Lola murmured.
“I promise.”
“When I graduate from high school, I want to study to be a cosmetologist.”  
“I think it's fantastic,” burst Eloisa. “Why would I be disappointed?”
“I'm not going to be a scientist like Marta,” muttered Lola.
“Do you want to be a scientist?”
“Heck no.”
“Then I don't want you to be a scientist,” declared Eloisa. “If being a cosmetologist is what you want, then that's what I want for you.”
“You do?”
“I know you'd make a great one,” Eloisa asserted. “You always help me with my hair.”
“And your wild hair is very hard to handle.”
Eloisa chuckled.  “Very hard.”
“I'm going to make you proud of me someday?!” Lola blurted with a smile.
“I'm already proud of you.”


Chapter 24

Eloisa never thought that a normal day in her household could bring her such joy.  No one was running away, no one was crying, and no one was in an uproar.  It was the weekend and Lola, having gotten over Wayne, was now being chatty with another boy.  Marta was experimenting with the new mini science lab Eloisa had bought her.  Carmela was smiling as she tended to the flowers outside.  Doña Chona was on the phone giving out one of her best recipes.  Eloisa sighed deeply with joy but like a pea in a mattress, there was still had one gnawing discomfort, one major question she needed an answer to.  She told everyone she was off to run an errand and headed to Chencha's home.
“Eloisa!” exclaimed Chencha.  “You didn't tell me you were coming.  What a nice surprise.”
“I've got to ask you something.”
Chencha’s eyes opened wide with concern. “You sound serious.”
“I need to know something.”
“Know what?”
“Who paid off the note to my house?” Eloisa blurted.
A startled Chencha stared at her friend a few long seconds before answering. “Why would you think someone paid it off?” she murmured.
“I went over the figures on the mortgage to my house. Ralph lied. There was no mistake, and I’m pretty sure he didn’t forgive us five years’ worth of payments. Somebody with lots of money must’ve paid it off. I don’t think it was my selfish brother or was it? Who did it?”
 Chencha’s expression turned uncomfortable.  “I don't deal at all with Ralph's business dealings,” she rushed, averting her eyes from the questioning ones of her friend.
Eloisa frowned. She wasn’t buying Chencha’s explanation. “You need to tell me.”
“I . . . I don't know. . . I—”
“Don't tell me you don't know,” Eloisa shot back firmly. “I can see in your eyes that you do.” 
Chencha sighed unhappily.  “You're my best friend.  I can't lie to you,” she murmured. “The person who paid it off was . . .”
“For goodness sakes, Chencha!—who was it! Just tell me!”
 “Dario Quintana paid off your house,” she muttered.
“Dario?!” It was like the wind was sucker punched out of her.
“Yes, Dario.”
“Why would he do that?” Eloisa burst.
“I don't know.  It's Ralph he talked to and not me.”
“I've got to ask Dario why,” Eloisa declared, shaken.
“No, Eloisa, please don't.  He made Ralph promise him that he wouldn't tell you.  You're not supposed to know.”
Eloisa placed her hands on her hips. “This is very frustrating.  Why would he not want me to know?”
“Isn't it obvious?”
Eloisa shook her head. “No, it's not.”
“You're very proud, Eloisa.  You would've never taken the title to your house if you knew he was paying out your mortgage.”
“I don't need anyone feeling sorry for me.”
“I seriously doubt he feels sorry for you,” stated Chencha.
“Then why would he do this?”
“Maybe he's a nice guy after all,” Chencha declared.
“Nice?”
“Yes, nice.”
Eloisa nodded.  She couldn’t deny that she had seen the kind side of Dario Quintana with her own two eyes.  Where would Lola be if he hadn't helped with the Wayne situation?  
As Eloisa arrived home, completely drained and perplexed, she noticed that Fernie's silver Porsche was in the driveway.  She rushed into her house to find Doña Chencha, Carmela, and Fernie grinning with mega-watt smiles.
“What's happening here?” questioned Eloisa with acute curiosity.
“I've just asked your sister to start going out with me again, and she said yes,” burst Fernie.
Eloisa’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. “What?”
“We’re together again!” Carmela exclaimed joyfully.
“Great caramba!” Doña Chona burst.
“I’m the luckiest guy in the world!” Fernie blurted.
In a private conversation, Carmela told Eloisa that Fernie had come to believe that she didn't feel the same for him as he for her.  Now that he had come to his senses, he had run over praying all the way that he hadn't lost her forever.  
That night, after everyone was in bed and the lights were out, Eloisa stared at the dark wall.  She couldn’t get to sleep. The day had been too emotional. She wondered what Dario was doing.  Did he ever think of her?  Why had he paid off the note to her house? Was he really in love with her at some point?  Was he with Jacqueline now?
Was he in love with Jacqueline now?!!!


Chapter 25

When Ivana and Balbino Jr. drove up to the Longoria house, Doña Chona had to rub her eyes to make certain it wasn’t a figment of her imagination.  A startled Eloisa started cleaning the window with her sleeve.  Carmela's expression froze in puzzlement. 
“Caramba, is that Balbino Jr. or are my old eyes playing tricks on me?” asked Doña Chona.
“It's Balbino Jr. all right,” declared Eloisa.
Carmela nodded. “He hasn't been back here since forever.” 
“One can only guess what he and his wife are here for,” Eloisa muttered, groaning. 
Doña Chona promptly asked for her grandchild but Balbino Jr. informed her that he was sick and with the nanny.  Ivana carried such a smile on her lips that it unnerved Eloisa.  She had never before smiled at them that way.  
“I hear you and Fernie Quintana are an item,” Ivana told Carmela.
“Yes,” Carmela said shyly.
“We’re so thrilled you're dating Fernie,” burst Ivana.  “What a catch.”
Balbino Jr. nodded enthusiastically. “Yeah, thrilled!”
“Fernie's a good guy,” Eloisa said dryly.  “And he's in love with Carmela.  She's a good catch too.”
“Caramba, he adores my Carmela,” gushed Doña Chona.  “I didn't think it would happen, but he showed up out of nowhere yesterday.”
“How did you know about it so fast?” Eloisa questioned.
“Dario.  You know how he and Jacqueline are seeing each other.  They're secretly engaged,” asserted Ivana, sniffing.
“They are?” Eloisa murmured, trying to catch the breath that had just left her body.
“Yes, engaged but of course Jacqueline can't keep a secret from her sister,” stated Ivana, her voice in a nasal tone.
“Soon there will be a marriage to celebrate,” announced Balbino Jr..
“Yes, a marriage,” Eloisa murmured painfully.

That evening when Fernie came to the Longoria house for dinner, Eloisa was uncharacteristically quiet.  At first, no one noticed since there was so much to chat about.  Catching up to time lost between him and Carmela swallowed up the minutes.
“Eloisa, why are you so quiet?  Caramba, are you getting sick?” Doña Chona questioned after the dinner was over, and they were in the living room watching television.
“I've got a headache.”
Carmela eyed her sister with worry. “Is it very bad?” 
“Have you taken aspirin?” asked Doña Chona.
“I'll be glad to go to the store if you need any,” Fernie chimed in.
Eloisa shook her head. “Thanks for offering, but I've already taken two.” 
“Maybe you need to lie down,” Doña Chona declared.  “You look very tired.”
“I think that's a good idea,” Eloisa murmured, standing up.
Fernie kept eyeing her with concern. “Are you sure you don't need anything?” 
“How sweet of you for asking but no, I don't need anything.”  Eloisa started walking to her room and then abruptly turned back around.  “On second thought, you could do something for me.”
“Whatever you need,” Fernie asserted.
“Please tell your brother that I wish him well in his upcoming marriage.”
“Who is he marrying?” he asked, puzzled.
“Ivana came by today and told us Dario is engaged to her sister Jacqueline,” Doña Chona announced.  “Caramba, what a pairing!”
“You didn't know about it, Fernie?” asked Carmela.
“No, I didn't.”
“How is it that you didn't know?” Doña Chona questioned. “Caramba, you’re his brother!”
“What can I say?—my brother is very discreet.  I'm going to scold him for this one, though.  How could he not tell me?”
“Maybe he's waiting for the right moment to announce it,” offered Carmela.
“Please convey my congratulations to him,” Eloisa murmured quietly.
“I sure will.”


Chapter 26

There was something about the dawn that made Eloisa feel shiny with renewal.  With everyone still asleep, Eloisa sat on the porch watching the new day arise and the frolicking ducks in the pond.  Because it was Sunday, a heavenly quiet permeated the air.  There was much to say about solitude when trying to figure out a wide array of conflicting emotions. Why was life so complicated?   
As if in a hazy dream, a car made itself up the driveway.  At first, Eloisa couldn't fathom that it was Dario's dark blue Mercedes parking in front of her house.  When he stepped out of his car, she was forced into realizing that he wasn’t a dream. He was actually walking towards her.
“Hi,” he murmured nervously.
“Hi,” she answered, still stunned by his presence.
His dark eyes locked into hers. “I was hoping you'd be up this early.”
“I like the dawn,” she informed, gazing back.
“I thought so.  I love it too.”
“I don't mean to sound rude, but what are you doing here?” Eloisa finally asked the question needling her.
“Can I sit down?”
“Sure.”
He sat next to Eloisa on an old wooden bench.  “I understand you told Fernie to congratulate me.”
“Yes, I did.  I'm sorry if you were trying to keep your engagement a secret, and I blabbed it,” she murmured, her eyes unlocking from his solid stare and nervously darting around.
His rigid gaze continued to try to penetrate into her. “He said you weren't feeling well last night.  Are you better?” he asked with concern.
“Yes, much better.”
He nodded, relieved.  His sight shifted to the ducks.  Eloisa couldn't manage to think of anything to fill the silence with.  A few quiet moments passed before a single word was spoken.
“I need to ask you something, Dario,” she finally uttered.
“What do you need to ask me?”
Eloisa’s eyes locked back into his. “Why did you pay off the note to this house?”
Dario grimaced.  “Ralph wasn't supposed to tell you.”
“He didn't.  Chencha told me.  She didn't want to but I forced her,” Eloisa rushed to say.
“I hope you know that you don't owe me anything for that.”
“What do you mean I don't owe you anything?” she blurted. “My family and I owe you a great deal.”
“I sponsor many scholarships at UTEP. As far as I'm concerned, this is one of them,” he declared firmly.
She shook her head. “But it's not quite a scholarship, is it?”
“Eloisa, would you just let someone do something for you for a change?” he blurted, exasperated. “You never want to let anyone help you.”
“Am I that bad?”
“No, you're that good,” he proclaimed. “I know you don't need rescuing.  I know you're not waiting for a prince.  But this gift I made isn't for you as much as it is for me.”
Eloisa’s eyebrows knit together. “What do you mean?”
“The more of us brown people get ahead, the better it is for all of us.  That's the reason I give so many scholarships out.  As far as I'm concerned, I'm going to get much more from my investment than I gave when you start teaching kids to go for their dreams.”
Eloisa smiled.  “Thank you, Dario Quintana.”
“You're welcome.”
She stared at the pond.  “You still haven't told me why you're here.”
“I . . . I . . .” he started to say.
“Yes?”
“I’m so awful with words,” he stumbled, “always putting my foot in my mouth!”
Eloisa smiled. “Don’t worry about that. Just say what you came here to say.”
“I came here because . . . I need to tell you one more time, just one more time, that I want you in my life.”
“But you're marrying Jacqueline,” growled Eloisa.
Dario groaned loudly. “No, I'm not.”
“But—”
“I would never marry someone like her!” Dario insisted.  “She has zero appeal to me. Below zero preference appeal!  You, on the other hand, are everything I've ever wanted in a woman.”
Eloisa met his dark eyes with surprise. “I am?”
“I've never admired anyone as much as I admire you.”
“You admire me?”
“Very much,” he proclaimed.
“And you're definitely not marrying Jacqueline?”
“No! Definitely no! Please believe me.”
“Why would Jacqueline think that you're going to marry her?” The whole situation still puzzled Eloisa to no end.
He shrugged. “I don't know.  I imagine that my uncle has something to do with it.  I feel nothing for her and everything for you, Eloisa.”
“But your uncle would never accept me.”
“Does that matter to you?”
“It matters to you, doesn't it?” Eloisa asked, her eyebrows knit together.
He chuckled as if it was a joke to him. “Do you honestly think I care about what other people think?”
“He's your uncle.”
“He isn't going to have a say over my happiness and my life no matter who he is,” Dario burst. “I own my life!”
“You sure you want to go against him?”
 “This is driving me crazy,” he blurted with fierce energy. “I’m head over heels in love with you, Eloisa Longoria!  I'm sorry that in the past I've been a pompous ass.  I'm sorry that sometimes what comes out of my mouth isn't exactly what I mean.  But be sure of this, I'm saying exactly what I mean now.  I want us to spend time together enjoying each other and getting to know one another but if you feel differently, please put me out of my misery and tell me quickly, so I can leave and never bother you again.”
“I love you too, Dario,” Eloisa murmured quietly. It was the first time she had dared to admit it to herself.
Dario's startled gaze rested on her.  He looked her over as if trying to dissect and discern what she had just said.  
“You do?” he questioned, needing an answer.
“Yes.” She leaned in with a necessity to be closer to him. Meeting her halfway, he twirled a curl from her hair on his finger.  Then he placed his hands on his neck, urging her face toward his.  Their lips touched gently with feathery strokes as if in the most romantic of dreams.    

“What?!” questioned Doña Chona.
“Your daughter has consented to go out with me,” informed Dario.  “I hope you approve.”
“Caramba, what?!” burst Doña Chona.  
Eloisa sighed, exasperated. “Mama, he's already told you three times.”
“I think I'm losing my hearing because I heard him say you had consented to be his girlfriend.”
“Yes, Mama, I did,” Eloisa declared.
“Caramba, it's still very early in the morning,” Doña Chona asserted, pinching herself.  “Maybe I'm still in bed and dreaming this. Yes, that must be it!”
“This isn’t a dream, Doña Chona,” assured a patient Dario.
“No, Mama, it isn't,” Eloisa burst. “Stop pinching yourself.”
“I just don’t understand how you got my daughter to be your girlfriend, Dario,” blurted an emotional Doña Chona. “She can’t stand you!”
“Mama!” chastised Eloisa. 
Dario smiled with patient amusement. “I guess she’s changed her mind. Lucky me. Very lucky me.”
“In that case, can I speak to you in my room privately, Eloisa?” rushed Doña Chona, her voice shaky with emotion.
Eloisa squeezed Dario's hand before leaving the living room and following her mother to the master bedroom.  Doña Chona closed the door after Eloisa stepped in.
“Double caramba, I just don't understand any of this!” Doña Chona burst, her nose flaring.  “How is it that you're going to start a relationship with this arrogant man?”
“You dislike him that much?”
“I don't understand what's in your head.  Will you be happy with such a person?”
“Mama, it's you who I don't understand,” Eloisa burst. “You're the one pushing your daughters towards every man with a good job including, may I remind you, the exasperating Ralph Cola.”
“Mija, I know I've been foolish in the past.  In wanting my daughters to not suffer the misfortunes of their cousins or of previous rotten relationships, I've been blind to a lot.”
“Just a little blind, Mama,” Eloisa pointed out with a smile.
“Caramba, I've made some mistakes, no question, but I can't stand by and let you make a huge one.”
“I'm not making a mistake.”
“Listen to me, my daughter.  I love all of you the same, but you Eloisa, you're special.”
Eloisa shook her head.  “No, Mama, I'm—”
“Yes, yes you are.  Stop arguing with me.  And there is no way I'll be happy if you’re with someone who is responsible and hard working to be sure, but who can't make you happy.”
“He can make me happy,” Eloisa asserted firmly. “I love him, Mama.”
Doña Chona eyed her with surprise. “You do? That snobby jerk?—really?”
“He may be rough on the outside, but inside he's melted butter.”
“He's melted butter?” questioned Doña Chona with disbelief. “Caramba, are you sure? Maybe the aspirin you took the other day for your headache had a weird effect on you!”
“He's the one who went with me to get Lola.  Without him, I doubt if I could've been able to get her out of Wayne's clutches.”
Doña Chona’s eyebrows shot up.  “He did that?”
“Yes, and he paid off the house.”
Doña Chona almost toppled over from her chair. “Caramba, he paid off the house?!”
“It wasn’t a mistake in Ralph’s records. Dario paid off the house.”
“Are you absolutely sure?!”
Eloisa nodded. “I confirmed it with Chencha and then I forced Dario to tell me the truth.”
Doña Chona’s eyes were round like marbles. “Caramba, what a wonderful thing to do for a family—pay off the mortgage!!!” 
“You can't tell him about what I told you, though.  He doesn't want anyone to know about his good deed.”
“Why does he hide all that kindness?”
“He’s much shyer and modest than he looks, Mama.”
Doña Chona hugged her.  “Okay, mija, you've got my blessing. Caramba, I never thought I’d say this about Dario Quintana but what a man!”


Epilogue

Many happy and fulfilling months later, Carmela and Fernie had a lavish wedding with all the trimmings.  Guests sobbed with unrestrained emotion at the ethereal celebration.  Dozens of different kinds of white flowers adorned the church and a profound feeling of bottomless love filled the air.  No one could remember ever seeing a more jubilant and stunning couple.
About this time, Chencha ran off with the gardener. She quickly divorced Ralph Cola who was shell-shocked and couldn’t understand why his wife had left him—and for a gardener of all people. But Chencha was deeply in love for the first time in her life. Fortunately, during her brief marriage to Ralph, her parents had paid the last payment of the mortgage to their house. They had insisted on not getting any freebies from Ralph who they couldn’t stand. Ralph was upset that he had already given the house title to Chencha’s parents and couldn’t punish her family for what she had done to him.
He bitterly broke every fragile object in his home when he learned his ex-wife had gone as far as marrying the gardener and immediately getting pregnant. Ralph’s parents comforted him by telling him that she wasn’t good enough for him anyway. He decided that the real problem had been that he had lowered his standards with Chencha and would now raise them as high as they could go by going to Europe on his next vacation and finding a wife with royal blood.
That’ll teach Chencha! he blurted to himself. That lower-class bimbo! She’ll get hers when she learns that I walked down the aisle with a relative of the Queen!  Chencha will know what she lost then!
He didn’t know that to Chencha he would always be Ralph Rodent.
 Meanwhile, as Ralph was in the middle of his delusions of grandeur, Eloisa and Dario married each other with eyes wide open the day after Eloisa graduated from the university.  She had decided to take the summer off before going to graduate school since she wanted to spend time with her new doting husband.
In the limousine and on the way to the wedding reception, Dario turned to Eloisa and kissed her with such intense and fiery ardor, she had to firmly remind herself that the honeymoon wouldn’t start until later. She smoothed her white billowy dress as it sparkled against the black interior of the limo to keep everything in perspective.
“That was quite a kiss, Mr. Quintana,” she murmured. “I'm glad I'm off for the summer.”
“Not as glad as I am,” he mentioned as he squeezed her waist while pecking her lips.    
Eloisa gave him such a hug that he had to take his cell phone out of his pocket before it got crushed.
His dark eyes set on hers. “Thank you for that hug, Eloisa.”
“You're very welcome.” 
“You still haven't told me where you want to honeymoon,” Dario declared.
“Where do you want to go?”
“I asked you first,” Dario shot back, amused.
“Shouldn't this be a mutual decision?” asked Eloisa.
“It will be, but first you have to tell me where you want to go.  The sky is the limit.  You just have to tell me where.”
“There’s a place I've always wanted to visit,” she murmured. “But I’m not sure you’ll want to go.”
“I’ll be happy wherever you are—as long as we’re together,” he proclaimed. “I’ve been without you for much too long. Please tell me where you want to go, my love.”
“You can't laugh,” Eloisa said.
“Why would I laugh?” 
“Most people want to go to a resort area,” she asserted.
“I know one thing, that you are not like most people,” he declared as he pecked her lips.  “Once and for all, tell me where you want to go?”
“Alaska.”
Dario started chuckling.  
“You told me you wouldn't laugh!” Eloisa burst, hurt.
“I'm laughing because that's where I want to go.”
“Really?”
“Really.”
“Why do you want to go there?” she questioned.
“A warm cabin with you under the covers with me.  What more could I want?” he declared quietly, grinning.
Eloisa returned the smile.  “I guess we're a good match.”
“A very good match,” Dario murmured, his lips reaching for hers.
