

RULED BY RABBITS:
MORE STORIES TO SHARE

BY TANYA VOLLANS

Copyright © 2021 by Tanya Vollans
Smashwords Edition
Ebook formatting by ebooklaunch.com
ISBN 978-0-9937664-2-8
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews. Please do not participate in or encourage the piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
These blogs can also by found online at www.bunspace.com under the profiles of each rabbit – Hopper, Dusty, Cola, Duster, Ruby, Zoomer, Belle, Hunter and Ruger. Please note that some ofthese blogs were originally written in the first person tense and when compiled for this book were changed to a third person tense. These blogs are all the original work of Tanya Vollans. Coverpage design and photograph by Tanya Vollans.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
THE BUNNY BOSSES
TABLET TROUBLE
MOM’S MEDICINE
OBSESSIVE OBSERVATIONS
FITNESS FOR FOOD
CAR CRISIS
BUNNY BADMINTON
BUNNY BACHELORS
LAGOMORPH LAPTOP
DOODLES DRAMA
STATUE STANCE
“NO” TO NOON
A SMELLY STORY
WTF (HUNTER’S VERSION)
DAYTIME DRAMA
HAYLESS HUNTER
BEDTIME BATTLES
RABBIT-FREE ROOM
PAW OF THE LAW
HYPNOTIC HUNTER
SNICKERDOODLE SUSPENSE
HARD WORKING HUNTER
THE FAWN PAWN
REFRIGERATION FRUSTRATION
THE SWEATER SITUATION
SNACKS FOR THE SHOW
PEEK-AT-BUNNY
DON’T DRAW DOODLES
“A-DOOR-ABLE” DOODLES
THE NAP NOOK
WHISTLING WONDER
CROONIN’ FOR THE HOOMIN’S
HANGRY HUNTER
PREHISTORIC PONDERINGS
GROCERY GO-GETTER
FAST FOOD
DOODLES DEBATE
HUNTER AND HYDE
PROFESSIONAL POOPER SCOOPER?
PJ PANTS PHENOMENON
HO HO HO HUNTER
NEW YEAR’S NAPPING
THE RETIRED RABBIT
SLIPPER-Y SITUATION
HITCHHIKING HUNTER
COMPUTER CONFUSION
DOODLES DAY
MAN CAVE MATTERS
THE BUNNY BANK
DEFECTIVE DETECTIVE
MINIATURE MISCHIEF
CONVERSATION CONFUSION
DETECTIVE DOODLES AND THE LONG PAW OF THE LAW
SITTING SITUATION
WOODPECKER WOES
DETECTIVE DOODLES AND THE WORD SEARCH SCHEME
BUNNY BAND AID
THE NAP NUISANCE
F.U.R.
DRIVING DOODLES
DAY OFF RIP OFF
HOWLING HUNTER
ROCKSTAR RABBIT
E-READER EXCITEMENT
DETECTIVE DOODLES: VAMPIRE HUNTER
DON’T DOUBT DOODLES
HAWAIIAN HUNTER
4:30 FEEDING FRENZY
ALL ABOUT AUTHORS
DOODLES DOPPLEGANGER
THE GAG AT GRANDPA’S
THE RETIRED RABBIT
HOSPITABLE HUNTER
HUNTER’S HALLOWEEN HORROR
THE BARKING BUNNY
SCRAPBOOK SESSIONS (RUGER STYLE)
HOLIDAYS WITH HUNTER
DEAR DOODLES
THE SANDWICH SITUATION
PRODUCE PROCLAMATION
GETTING GRANDPA
GETTING GRANDPA - A SECOND ATTEMPT

THE BUNNY BOSSES
Hopper
Breed: Dutch
Color: Brown and white
Sex: Female
Joined our Family: November 2004 (from a pet store)
favourite Toy: Toss toy, toilet paper rolls
favourite Foods: Anything she could eat
Nickname(s): Hops, Belly, Hopper-doos
Hobbies: Eating, chewing, flopping, begging for treats, noserubs
Pet peeves: Having to stop to breathe when she eats, other bunnies, nail trimmings
Became an Angel Bunny: January 3, 2009
Dusty
Breed: Holland Lop
Color: Light grey
Sex: Female
Joined our Family: August 2005 ( from a pet store)
favourite Toy: Towel, toss toy
favourite Foods: bananas, carrots, timothy hay
Nickname(s): Dust Bunny, Baby Bunny, Sweet Girl
Hobbies: Flopping
Pet peeves: Things that are where they shouldn’t be (the fly on the wall, for example), other female bunnies, nail trimmings, being picked up
Became an Angel Bunny: March 3, 2009
Cola
Breed: Dwarf
Color: Black
Sex: Female
Joined our Family: February 2007 (adopted from the Humane Society)
favourite Toy: Toss Toy, Crumpled Paper
favourite Foods: Banana, timothy hay, raisins
Nickname(s): Bear, Care Bear
Hobbies: Reminding her parents that bunnies really are in charge
Pet peeves: The curtains, the vacuum cleaner, nail trimmings, other female bunnies, being picked up, the vet that stole her fur
Became An Angel Bunny: July 11, 2013
Duster
Breed: Holland Lop
Color: Grey
Sex: Male
Joined our Family: August 2007 (the pet of a lady who worked at a pet store, when she was leaving her job, she needed to re-home Duster)
favourite Toy: Toss Toy
favourite Foods: Bananas, timothy hay, carrots, apple
Nickname(s): Dude, Good Boy
Hobbies: Spending time with his ladies, flopping, noserubs
Pet peeves: Not having enough time for all his ladies, nail trimmings, being picked up
Became An Angel Bunny: November 26, 2014
Ruby
Breed: Unknown
Color: White
Sex: Female
Joined our Family: June 2010 (adopted from The Humane Society)
favourite Toy: Toilet Paper Rolls
favourite Foods: Bananas, timothy hay
Nickname(s): Wuby
Hobbies: Being cute
Pet peeves: Not having cute insurance, being picked up, nail trimmings
Became an Angel Bunny: December 22, 2010
Zoomer
Breed: Dutch/Dwarf
Color: Brown and white
Sex: Male
Joined our Family: May, 2011 (Adopted from The Humane Society)
favourite Toy: cardboard condo
favourite Foods: Anything he can eat
Nickname(s): Zoomerang, GumBall, BabyBunny
Hobbies: Eating, chewing, flopping, begging for treats, noserubs, hanging around Cola’s cage
Pet peeves: Having to stop to breathe when he eats, nail trimmings
Became an Angel Bunny: February 4, 2021
Belle
Breed: Dwarf
Color: White and grey
Sex: Female
Joined our Family: August 2012 (Adopted from the Humane Society)
favourite Toy: toilet paper rolls
favourite Foods: Anything she can eat
Nickname(s): Little Bunny
Hobbies: Eating, chewing, flopping, begging for treats, noserubs
Pet peeves: Not getting her breakfast on time
Became An Angel Bunny: September 5, 2014
Hunter
Breed: Rex
Color: White, brown, black
Sex: Male
Joined our Family: Oct. 16, 2014 (from a pet store)
favourite Toy: His towel
favourite Foods: Hay and pellets
Nickname(s): Doodles, Hunter Doos
Hobbies: Flopping, eating
Pet peeves: Being able to see the bottom of his cage (it should be covered in hay), having to chew on his cage to alert the humans he is running low on pellets.
Ruger:
Breed: Mixed (Rex)
Color: Black and white
Sex: Male
Joined our Family: Jan. 30, 2016 (adopted from the OSPCA)
favourite Toy: Chew sticks
favourite Foods: Timothy hay and pellets
Nickname(s): Jellybean
Hobbies: Grooming his hoomins
Pet peeves: Not being able to groom his hoomins, having to wake up the hoomins because he is out of pellets at 1:30 am

TABLET TROUBLE
Thump!
“Oh no, here she comes,” Zoomer grunted, trying to find a place to hide.
“Who’s coming?” Ruger asked.
“Mom,” Zoomer was attempting to hide beside the dresser in the Rabbit Room.
Hunter was confused. “Is bad thing?”
“Mom isn’t bad but that darn tablet is,” Zoomer sat as still as he could.
“Tablet?” Ruger and Hunter echoed.
“Oh you’ll see,” Zoomer said ominously.
As if on cue, Mom walked into the room.
“Zoomie my Roomie, where are you?” Mom asked.
Hunter’s eyes honed in on the thing in Mom’s hands.
“That?” the Rex rabbit asked.
“It’s a tablet!” Mom exclaimed. “It’s so neat – it has a camera in it and I can take your pictures!”
“Ohhh …” Hunter and Ruger chorused.
“And she won’t stop! She’ll follow you around until she gets the perfect picture,” Zoomer said. “Oops …”
“Zoomer, are you hiding from me?” Mom asked, still not seeing her Dutch Dwarf bunny.
“I’m not hiding from you, I’m hiding from your picture taking contraption,” Zoomer grunted.
Mom rolled her eyes. “Fine, I’ll take somebunny else’s picture. Any volunteers?”
“Me!” Ruger binkied in his cage.
Zoomer hopped into his cage and Ruger hopped out.
Mom attempted to take Ruger’s picture but the baby bunny just wasn’t sitting still.
“Hmm, well thanks for trying,” Mom patted Ruger on the head.
Hunter had flopped in his cage.
“Doodles?” Mom smiled.
Hunter sat up. “Hoomom?”
“Wanna have your picture taken?” Mom asked.
“Towel?” Hunter questioned.
“Sure your towel can be in the picture,” Mom said, Ruger hopped into his cage and Hunter wandered out of his.
Hunter chinned his towel and then arranged it.
“Ready,” the Rex rabbit replied.
And for the next hour, Mom took pictures of Hunter and his towel …
“OK, Doodles, I think we have enough pictures,” Mom sighed.
“Sure?” Hunter asked.
Mom nodded.
Hunter smiled and flopped next to his towel, it was hard work being a bunny model!

MOM’S MEDICINE
“I can do this,” Mom took a deep breath.
Hunter peeked into the kitchen.
“It’ll be OK,” Mom said.
Hunter periscoped to get a closer look.
“Oh but I really don’t want to …” Mom sighed.
“Hoomom’ OK?” the Rex rabbit asked, hopping to stand beside her.
“Hi, Doodles,” Mom replied. “I’m OK, but I have a bit of a cough and I am trying to convince myself to take cough medicine.”
“Is bad?” Hunter questioned.
“The medicine is good because it gets rid of the cough,” Mom advised. “But the taste is horrible.”
“Ohhh … yucky,” Hunter whispered.
“Exactly,” Mom nodded.
Hunter sat down. “Hoomom’ can do it!”
“Thanks,” Mom smiled. “Maybe if I hold my nose so I can’t smell it.”
Mom tried that … and cough loudly.
“That won’t work,” she sighed.
“Food?” Hunter suggested.
“Hey, good idea, I’ll take it and then eat something that tastes good!”
Mom opened the fridge and found something to eat after the cough syrup.
“Here goes!” Mom took a deep breath and then a spoonful of the medicine.
Mom’s eyes closed, her face turned red and Hunter cringed.
“Horrible, oh my gosh …” Mom sputtered.
“Food!” Hunter reminded her.
Mom quickly took a spoonful of yogurt. “Oh thank goodness.”
“Good work, Hoomom’!” Hunter cheered.
“And you get a treat for helping me,” Mom petted Hunter. “As do your brothers.”
Hunter binkied all the way to the Rabbit Room to tell Zoomer and Ruger that treats were on the way.

OBSESSIVE OBSERVATIONS
“Mom, I think you are obsessed with us,” Zoomer said.
Mom laughed. “Why do you think that?”
“You have a lot of bunny themed things,” Zoomer said. “You have a rabbit on your shirt.”
“I know!” Mom exclaimed.
“We don’t have t-shirts with your picture on it,” Zoomer replied.
“You don’t wear clothes,” Mom pointed out.
“This is true,” Zoomer agreed.
“It’s just been very convenient that I have been able to find a few bunny-themed items,” Mom said. “You three bunnies have certain things you love as much as I love you.”
The three rabbit stared at her.
“Zoomer, your feet,” Mom said.
Zoomer smiled and started to groom his feet. “Guilty.”
“And Hunter, for you it’s food.”
Hunter nodded, binkied and then flopped. He totally agreed.
“And, Ruger, for you it’s showing how much you love your Hoomin’s, especially Dad,” Mom smiled.
Ruger nodded enthusiastically.
“I guess we all have our own favourite things,” Zoomer said, pausing from grooming his feet. “It’s OK if you are obsessed with us.”
Mom laughed, bunny approval made everything OK.

FITNESS FOR FOOD
Hunter had flopped in the living room. Mom came in and put a DVD in.
“Doing?” Hunter asked.
“I’m going to exercise,” Mom replied.
“With TV?” Hunter was curious as he was used to seeing Mom sitting while watching TV.
“Yes, it’s on a DVD,” Mom said.
Hunter maintained his flop while Mom did the warm up.
Twenty minutes into her workout Mom commented. “Wow, you sure work up an appetite when you exercise.”
The only word Hunter honed in on was “appetite.”
“Hungry?” the Rex rabbit hopped up.
“Definitely,” Mom answered.
“Food?” Hunter binkied.
“After I am done exercising,” Mom replied.
“Soon?” Hunter was staring at the kitchen.
Mom nodded.
Five minutes passed …
“Now?” Hunter was pacing.
“Not yet.”
Ten more minutes later and Mom was still exercising.
“Bunny hungry,” Hunter thumped.
Mom looked at him. “How can you be hungry? You’ve been flopped over all morning.”
Hunter paused. “Um exercising.”
Mom stared at him.
Hunter flopped on his left side. He hopped up and flopped on his right side and then repeated this three more times.
“Exercised. Hungry. Feed me please!” Hunter stressed the “please.”
By coincidence, Mom’s DVD ended just then. “OK, lunch time. Salad?”
Hunter binkied behind Mom to the kitchen where she made lunch for her and the three bunnies.

CAR CRISIS
Zoomer hopped into the kitchen where Mom and Dad were hanging out.
“How’s my Kia?” Zoomer asked, he referred to Mom’s blue Kia as his.
“We gave it to Uncle Chris,” Dad replied.
Zoomer paused. “To fix?”
“No, to keep,” Dad said.
“To keep until he has it fixed?” Zoomer questioned.
“No, Zoomer,” Dad answered. “We gave it to Uncle Chris to keep forever. It is his car now.”
Zoomer’s eyes got big and his voice cracked. “Excuse me.”
The Dutch bunny hopped into the living room. What followed were a series of grunts, thumps and what sounded like large pieces of furniture being knocked over.
“Zoomer, you OK?” Mom was almost afraid to look into the living room.
Zoomer reappeared in the kitchen, his fur was a bit disheveled. “I need to call the police. My car has been stolen.”
My sat down on the floor beside Zoomer. “We are not calling the police. The car was not stolen. We gave it to your Uncle.”
“But you didn’t ask me if you could,” Zoomer thumped.
“You were busy,” Dad replied.
“Doing what?” Zoomer asked.
Mom and Dad looked at each other.
“Grooming your feet,” Mom said. “And we know how much you hate to be interrupted when you are grooming your feet.”
“This is true,” Zoomer agreed. “Fine. Uncle Chris can keep the Kia. But he better look after it.”
Mom smiled. “I will let him know that and he will look after the Kia.”
“How about a treat?” Dad asked.
Zoomer nodded and hopped into the Rabbit Room to await the treats that Dad would bring to him and Hunter and Ruger.

BUNNY BADMINTON
Mom was cleaning out a closet when she came across an old badminton birdie. She headed into the bunnies room to show them.
“Look, guys, a birdie,” Mom exclaimed.
Hunter sat up. “Tweeter?”
“Well, no this isn’t the type of birdie that lives outside, this one doesn’t make noise. It’s used for a sport called badminton. My friend Jen and I used to play it all the time. We were pretty good,” Mom smiled.
“How do?” Hunter asked.
“Well you need a net and each person stands on one side of the net and you have rackets and you hit the birdie back and forth over the net making sure it doesn’t hit the ground,” Mom exclaimed.
“Sounds like a lot of work,” Zoomer yawned.
“And boring,” Ruger flopped.
Hunter however was intrigued. “We play?”
“Sure!” Mom was thrilled.
She moved a portion of the x-pen across the room. She crumpled up a piece of paper to act as the birdie, since they didn’t have rackets, Mom would use her hand and Hunter could use his paw.
Mom opened Hunter’s cage and he hopped to one side of the “net.”
Mom used her hand to “serve” the paper birdie over the net.
It landed in front of Hunter.
He stared at it.
“You have to hit it back to me,” Mom said.
Hunter picked it up and attempted to throw it over the net.
It did not make it.
“No worries,” Mom said and picked it up.
She served it again.
It landed in front of Hunter.
“You need to hit it – with your nose or paw,” Mom said.
Hunter flopped. “Harder to do than it sounded.”
“Are you going to try?” Mom asked.
“Too tired,” Hunter whispered.
Mom frowned.
Then she had an idea. “What if instead of a paper birdie, we used treats?”
Hunter hopped up. “My turn! Send to me!”
Mom laughed. “It was just a suggestion. If I sent treats across this net to you, I wouldn’t get them sent back to me.”
“Smart Hoomom’,” Hunter laughed.
“Well, maybe we’ll try this another time,” Mom put the x-pen away. “But, yes, I will serve you treats.”
Hunter binkied and Zoomer and Ruger definitely found the treats Mom had gone to get interesting!

BUNNY BACHELORS
“Mom, what’s Valentine’s Day?” Ruger asked.
Mom explained the concept. “So if you had a girl-bun, it’s a special day you could do something extra nice to show her how much you love her.”
“Girl-bun?” Ruger asked.
Mom nodded and explained girl bunnies. “Zoomer had two girl-buns!”
“Yep, I used to sit outside Cola’s cage and stare at her,” Zoomer sighed. “Then Mom and Dad let her out with me … she was fierce! She chased me and pulled out some of my tail fur! That ended that relationship”
Ruger and Hunter’s eyes got big.
“And then there was Belle,” Mom smiled.
“She sat outside my cage and stared at me!” Zoomer said. “When Mom and Dad let us out of our cages together, she followed me around, everywhere!”
Mom laughed. “She loved you so much.”
“But a bunny needs his space,” Zoomer grunted.
“Girl-bun … eat foods?” Hunter wondered.
“Well of course she would eat food,” Mom rolled her eyes.
“Stay single,” Hunter nodded and flopped.
“Girl bunnies sound scary,” Ruger said.
Mom laughed. “You three are my bachelor bunnies.”
Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger wholeheartedly agreed.

LAGOMORPH LAPTOP
Hunter hopped out to see what Mom was up to.
The Rex rabbit stretched and put his paws on Mom’s knee.
“Puter?” he asked.
Mom nodded. “It’s called a laptop.”
“Doing?” Hunter questioned.
“Well, I am just looking at a website and it’s amazing how many different things you can order online. Clothing, books, dvd’s, food,” Mom rambled on.
“Food?” Hunter said excitedly.
“Yep,” Mom continued. “You can pick it up or have it delivered.”
“Bring food to bunny,” Hunter whispered.
Mom looked at him.
“I need ‘puter,” Hunter said.
“Why?” now Mom was curious.
“Food delivered to bunny,” Hunter binkied.
“You have to pay for it,” Mom said. “You can’t just place and order and it shows up here free.”
“Hoomom’ pay,” Hunter replied.
Mom rolled her eyes. “And how will you open the door to let them give you the food.”
“Hoomom’ open,” Hunter smiled.
Mom sighed. “And how will you get to the laptop?”
“Hoomom’ bring to Bunny Room,” Hunter said. “Bunnies get techy.”
Mom couldn’t help it and laughed out loud. “I think I have to say no to that request. I’ll make sure you have food and I’ll deliver it to you like I always do.”
“Treats?” Hunter wondered.
“Yes, I will deliver treats too,” Mom assured him.
“Now?” Hunter smiled.
“I can do that,” Mom said.
Hunter happy hoppily to tell Zoomer and Ruger treats were on the way.

DOODLES DRAMA
A loud sigh came from the Bunny Room.
Then there was a thud.
Mom was in the living room and looked up from the book she was reading.
Time passed.
Another loud sigh followed by another thud.
Mom put her book down and made her way to the Rabbit Room.
“Everything OK in here?” she asked.
Zoomer and Ruger nodded yes.
However Hunter was another story.
He sighed and then flopped onto his right side.
“Are you gonna make it?” Mom questioned.
“Dunno,” Hunter said in almost a whisper.
Mom sat in front of his cage.
“Times are tough,” the Rex rabbit revealed.
“How so?” Mom wondered.
Hunter sat up and looked around his cage. “Hay is low, pellets almost gone, and towel has not visited.”
“I can top up your hay and pellets,” Mom replied. “And your towel stays outside of your cage so you don’t try to bury it in your litter corner.”
“Did that so you won’t steal towel when you steal poop,” Hunter stated.
“If you come out of your cage, you can see your towel anytime you want,” Mom advised.
Hunter grunted. “One-sided friendship.”
Mom smiled. “Well it’s not like your towel can just hop on over to your cage. I can bring the towel to you, but you need to come out of your cage.
“Fine,” Hunter mumbled.
Mom opened the cage door, brought the towel to sit in front of Hunter’s cage and stood back.
Hunter hopped out and quickly chinned his towel and then flopped, resting his head on it.
“Missed my friend,” he smiled.
“I think towel missed you too, now that the drama is over,” Mom laughed.
“Doodles not overdramatic,” Hunter said.
“Oh never,” Mom smiled. “I know, treat time.”
“Towel and treat,” Hunter was grinning. “A great day!”

STATUE STANCE
Hunter peeked out of the Rabbit Room.
No hoomins in sight.
Hunter quickly hopped into the living room and stopped where the carpet and linoleum met in the foyer.
He sat there for a second and then shook his head … was that something new beside the bookshelf?
Hunter hopped back and looked at the bookshelf. Sure enough, there was a green bunny standing beside the bookshelf.
“HI!” Hunter greeted the green bunny.
The bunny was standing on its back legs and had covered it’s mouth with its paws.
“New?” Hunter asked.
No reply.
“Oh, paws on mouth, cannot talk,” Hunter nodded.
He looked at the bunny.
“Smart!” Hunter said. “Standing close to where fridge is.”
The Rex rabbit heard Mom coming out of the hoomins room.
Hunter quickly periscoped and positioned himself next to the statue.
Mom walked into the kitchen and did a double-take, seeing Hunter copying the same stance as her new rabbit ornament. Mom smiled and pretended not to see the two.
Hunter sat still as long as he could and flopped over, making sure he landed half in and half out of the kitchen, very conveniently in front of the fridge.
“Oh, hi, Hunter,” Mom greeted. “And what are you up to today?”
“New friend,” Hunter said. “Needs food.”
“You mean my new statue, he doesn’t eat food,” Mom replied.
“Paws stuck to mouth!” Hunter hopped up.
“Well and he is a statue so he doesn’t need food,” Mom replied, pouring a cup of water for herself.
“Hunter needs food!” Hunter said.
Mom laughed. “Hunter always needs food.”
“Yes!” Hunter agreed.
“And wow, you sure are close to the fridge,” Mom replied.
“It’s fate … fated food,” Hunter advised.
“Wow, that’s a new one. You head to the Bunny Room and I’ll bring you and Ruger and Zoomer some food,” Mom promised.
And off Hunter went to prepare his bunny buddies for the arrival of their food.

“NO” TO NOON
“OK, bunnies, Mommy is going out tonight to an event so we are going to have Mommy - Bunny time now,” Mom said as she entered the Rabbit Room.
Mom cleaned the cages and then opened Zoomer’s cage.
Zoomer happily hopped out and settled into his favourite area so Mom could pet him.
Time passed and it was time for Ruger to hang out with Mom.
Ruger ran laps around the Bunny Room.
“Wow, I wish I had your energy,” Mom laughed.
And then it was Hunter’s turn to come out.
Mom opened his cage. Hunter looked at her. He would often take his time to exit his cage.
Five minutes passed …
“Coming out, Doodles?”
Hunter yawned and stretched.
“Come on, time to hang out with me,” Mom encouraged the Rex rabbit.
Hunter laid down.
“Really?”
Hunter shook his head.
“No?” Mom asked. “You don’t want to hang out with me?”
“Too early,” Hunter replied.
Mom furrowed her brow. “It’s noon. That’s not early. 6 am is early.”
“Noon! Wow … whew … too soon …” Hunter marvelled.
“The day is half over,” Mom argued.
Hunter flopped.
“I don’t think he is coming out,” Ruger said.
Mom nodded. “I think you’re right. Well I’ll try to see if you want to come out when I get home.”
Hunter nodded. “Hunter time, normal time, not noon.”
“Gotcha, no to noon,” Mom laughed.
Mom got home around 7 pm and Hunter came out of his cage for Mommy-Bunny time right away.

A SMELLY STORY
“Oh my …” Hunter gasped and scurried out of the Rabbit Room.
He stopped in the hallway, coughed and flopped onto his side.
“Hunter, seriously…” Mom’s voice came from the Rabbit Room.
“Seriously smelly,” Hunter choked out.
Dad looked at the Rex rabbit. “What happened?”
“KABOOM!” Hunter replied, hopping to his feet and thumping.
Dad looked confused.
Mom wandered out to where Hunter was now sitting. “I farted.”
Dad laughed.
“Not a fart, explosion!” Hunter scoffed.
“Hunter, you fart too,” Mom rolled her eyes.
“Not smelly like that,” Hunter defended himself.
“Well Ruger and Zoomer seem to be alright,” Mom muttered.
“They in cages,” Hunter exclaimed. “Nowhere to go.”
Zoomer and Ruger were laughing at Hunter’s drama.
“See, laughing gas, poor bunnies,” Hunter said to Dad.
“I opened the window to air the room out,” Mom sighed.
“Not going back in there now,” Hunter shook his head. “Later maybe.”
“If I give Zoomer and Ruger treats in that room, you won’t go back in to get a treat?” Mom asked.
“Oh not playing fair,” Hunter grumbled.
“Hunter, it’s not smelly in here anymore,” Ruger assured his friend.
“Humph,” Hunter mumbled and hopped back into the Bunny Room.
He peeked back out and looked at Mom. “Well?”
“Well?” Mom repeated.
“Back in Rabbit Room, treats please,” Hunter said.
“Fair enough,” Mom smiled and went to get the bunnies their treats.

WTF (HUNTER’S VERSION)
Hunter hopped to his hoomins.
“Hi, hoomins! WTF?” the bunny asked.
Mom and Dad’s eyes grew wide and they looked at each other.
“Pardon?” Mom gasped.
Hunter repeated what he had said.
“Um, do you know what that means?” Dad cringed as he asked.
Hunter nodded happily. “Yes!”
“Can you tell us what it means?” Mom asked.
“Sure,” Hunter replied. “WTF means where’s the food.”
Mom and Dad both sighed with relief.
“What hoomins think it mean?” Hunter questioned.
“Oh we knew it meant where’s the food, just wanted to make sure we are all on the same page,” Dad said.
“OK,” Hunter nodded. “So?”
“So?” Mom looked at the Rex rabbit.
“Hoomins,” Hunter sighed loudly. “Where’s the food? Treats please. Bunnies hungry.”
“Right … food on the way. Meet you in the Rabbit Room,” Mom assured Hunter.
Hunter binkied all the way to the Bunny Room to let Zoomer and Ruger know treats were on the way.

DAYTIME DRAMA
“Woo hoo, time for my silly daytime shows,” Mom said, walking in to the living room.
She found Hunter sitting there, watching TV.
“Hi, Doodles, you want to watch TV with me?’ Mom asked.
The Rex rabbit did not reply, he was fixated on whatever was on the screen.
“I’m gonna change the channel,” Mom said, reaching for the remote.
Hunter thumped. “NO!”
“But the soap opera I want to see is on,” Mom said.
Hunter grunted, not taking his eyes off the TV.
Mom looked to see what had the bunny’s attention and then she understood.
There was a show on about salads.
“Wow,” Hunter whispered, watching the person make a huge salad.
Mom laughed. “I guess I don’t get to see my show today?”
Hunter shook his head. “Food on TV … brilliant…”
“Am I going to have to stage an intervention?” Mom questioned.
“No,” Hunter assured her. “You make salad?”
“Um, well, I don’t really cook,” Mom replied.
“Salad not cooking…” Hunter said.
“Ya, I’m still not really qualified,” Mom admitted.
Hunter sighed loudly.
“But I can give each of you a leaf of Romaine lettuce,” Mom offered.
“After show,” Hunter replied and settled in to watch his new fave day time programming.

HAYLESS HUNTER
Zoomer yawned and looked over at Hunter. The Rex rabbit was pacing back and forth.
“You OK?” Zoomer asked.
“I’m OK,” Hunter confirmed. “But no hay.”
Ruger was now awake. “How is that possible? Mom topped up our hay before bedtime.”
“Morning now,” Hunter replied, as if that explained everything.
“You ate all that hay?” Zoomer wondered.
Hunter nodded. “Sleep eating.”
“Ohhh,” Ruger and Zoomer said.
Hunter was known to lay down while he ate, apparently he would eat in his sleep sometimes!
“Hoomom! Hunter hayless!” Hunter called out.
Mom appeared in the doorway. “How is that possible?”
Hunter rolled his eyes. “It’s morning … sleep eating … hay please.”
Mom looked in his cage … there wasn’t any hay left!
“Told you,” Hunter sighed.
Mom went and got the hay pail and gave Hunter a handful.
Hunter was so happy he hopped onto the pile of hay.
“Thank you, Hoomom! Love hay … love you too,” Hunter began to nom.
Mom laughed and topped up Zoomer and Ruger’s hay too.

BEDTIME BATTLES
“Lost?” Hunter asked Zoomer and Ruger.
“No, I can hear her voice,” Zoomer replied.
“Soon?” Hunter wondered.
“Pretty soon,” Ruger assured him.
Hunter flopped.
A few minutes passed and the Rex rabbit was on his feet again. “Call her.”
“We don’t have a cell phone,” Zoomer replied.
“I call,” Hunter said and took a deep breath, “HOOMOM!!!”
Mom quickly appeared in the Rabbit Room. “Everything OK?”
“No,” Hunter scoffed. “Late.”
Mom looked at the bunnies.
“It’s way past our bedtime,” Zoomer replied.
“I don’t work tomorrow, I can stay up a bit later,” Mom told the bunnies.
Hunter frowned.
“Hunter doesn’t like change,” Ruger explained.
“Oh I know,” Mom nodded.
Hunter flopped and then stared at Mom. “Sleep time, OK?”
“I guess it’s time to go to bed,” Mom sighed.
Hunter smiled and stretched, perfecting his night time flop.
Mom wished the bunnies good night and made sure she wasn’t late for bunny bed time again!

RABBIT-FREE ROOM
Ruger hopped as quick as he could back to the Bunny Room.
Hunter and Zoomer hopped up.
“It’s horrible!” Ruger hopped back and forth.
“What’s wrong?” Zoomer asked.
“The … the hoomin room … where they sleep …” Ruger stammered. “There. Are. No. Bunnies. In. That. Room.”
And he flopped.
Zoomer and Hunter stared at their friend, concerned.
Ruger sat back up. “It’s just so sad.”
Hunter nodded. “Help hoomins.”
“We have to,” Zoomer agreed.
Ruger hopped to his feet. “I’m out of my cage, I will do this.”
“Intervention,” Hunter smiled.
Ruger looked around their room, yes, he could do this.
The mini Rex made multiple trips to and from the bunnies room to the hoomin’s room.
Mom finally caught on that something was going on and peeked into the hoomin room.
“Oh my goodness…” Mom was trying not to laugh.
Ruger was on his way back to the hoomin’s room when he hopped into Mom’s ankle. “Excuse me. Oh .. hi … I’m … um …”
“You’re moving all of my bunny-themed items into my and your Dad’s room?” Mom asked.
Ruger sat the small toy bunny down he had been in the process of moving.
“Well … I … am helping you and Dad,” Ruger said.
“Helping us how?” Mom questioned.
“Intervention,” Hunter’s voice floated from the Rabbit Room.
Mom and Ruger entered the Bunny Room.
“An intervention?” Mom asked.
“No bunnies in hoomin room … horrible,” Hunter said.
“It’s unthinkable that there aren’t bunny themed items in every room,” Zoomer stated.
Mom smiled. “I know. And that’s OK.”
The three bunnies stared at her.
“There aren’t any bunny items in the bathroom,” Mom revealed. “Or the foyer.”
The three bunnies looked at each other. “Ohhhhh.”
“So no intervention needed,” Mom smiled. “I will help you bring everything back into this room,”
Ruger nodded and he and Mom returned everything to where it belonged.
“I do appreciate the thought though,” Mom smiled. “I think treats are in order.”
That made the bunnies day!

PAW OF THE LAW
“Mom, quick come here,” Zoomer called out.
Mom entered the Rabbit Room. Hunter was sitting in his cage, his favourite towel draped over his shoulders. Dad was there too.
“What’s up?” Mom asked.
“Trial for being a poop thief,” Hunter replied.
“Pardon?” Mom questioned.
“You’re on trial for being a poop thief,” Zoomer said.
Mom rolled her eyes. “It’s called cleaning your cages.”
“No disrespect to Judge Doodles,” Hunter thumped.
Dad was trying not to laugh.
“Judge Doodles? Is your towel your judges robe?” Mom smiled.
Hunter was serious, “Yes. How plead?”
“I got this, I am your lawyer,” Zoomer told Mom.
Mom sighed with relief.
“She pleads guilty,” Zoomer stated. “She steals my poop every night.”
Mom’s eyes grew large. “You’re supposed to defend me if you are my lawyer!”
“Zoomer a witness,” Hunter said. “Me too.”
Ruger sighed. “She takes mine too …”
Dad laughed.
“Quiet in the courtroom,” Hunter thumped. “I am witness too, you steal my poop.”
“Um, I don’t think you can be a Judge and a witness,” Mom said.
Hunter glared at her. “My courtroom, so I can.”
Mom sat on the floor.
“Salad bar!” Hunter called out.
“I think you mean sidebar,” Mom said.
“No, salad bar … soon lunch time … Hunter hungry,” the Rex rabbit stated.
“So am I guilty or not?” Mom wondered.
Hunter flopped and laid there for a minute. He hopped back to his feet.
“Verdict reached,” he declared.
Mom stood up.
“Hoomom’ throws out poop she steals,” Hunter stated. “So I throw out this case. Hoomom’ is free to go and get us treats.”
Zoomer and Ruger and Dad applauded.
“I’ll get you treats,” Mom said. “But I am still cleaning your cages tonight.”
“OK, you can do,” Hunter said.
“Hmm, I have a feeling this was just an elaborate way for you to get me to get you treats,” Mom said.
Hunter smiled and flopped. “Court is adjourned for treats!”

HYPNOTIC HUNTER
Hunter likes to watch TV.
Sometimes he sees things that inspire ideas for the Rex rabbit …
Hunter hopped into the Hoomin’ room where Mom was napping.
“Pssst …” Hunter whispered.
No response.
“Hoomom’, wake up,” Hunter whispered.
“Huh?” Mom mumbled.
“Listen to bunny…” Hunter whispered. “I count to three … when I do … you will do what I say…”
“Pardon?” Mom was waking up.
“You will listen to Doodles,” Hunter whispered.
Mom yawned.
“One, two, three,” Hunter counted.
“And?” Mom yawned again.
“Bunnies want treats … everyday … when I chew on cage … you bring treats …” Hunter smiled.
Mom sat up. “Are you trying to hypnotize me?”
Hunter hopped back. “Um … no … obviously did not work if I had tried to …”
“Uh-huh, I really have to monitor what you see on TV,” Mom rolled out of bed.
“Treats, please?” Hunter asked.
“Sure, but no more trying to hypnotize me, just ask,” Mom said. “Ask for treats within reason of course.”
Hunter happily followed Mom to the kitchen, preparing to debate what “within reason” was…but that is another blog ;)

SNICKERDOODLE SUSPENSE
“Oh my goodness, I do love snickerdoodles,” Mom said.
Hunter’s ears twitched and he looked at Ruger and Zoomer. “Hear that?”
The two bunnies nodded.
“What a snickerdoodle? I is Hunter Doodles!” Hunter was on his feet now.
“Snickerdoodles are so awesome!!” Mom said.
“You’re right!” the bunnies heard Dad agree.
“Is there a new bunny named Snickedoodles here that we haven’t met yet?” Ruger asked.
Hunter’s ears were back against his head now. “I only Doodles here!”
“You need to ask the hoomins,” Zoomer said.
Hunter thumped like he had never thumped before.
Mom and Dad appeared in the Rabbit Room.
“Snickerdoodle?” Hunter glared.
Mom and Dad stared at him.
“Who or what is snickerdoodle?” Hunter grunted.
“A cookie,” Mom replied, showing the bunnies the cookie.
“Food?” Hunter calmed down.
Mom and Dad nodded.
“Hunter Doodle have a snickerdoodle?” Hunter was hopeful.
“Not a treat,” Dad said.
Hunter grunted. “Bunnies need a treat.”
“On my way …” Dad said.
And the suspense of the snickerdoodles was forgotten as the bunnies received their lettuce.

HARD WORKING HUNTER
Mom had a day off during the week. She was keeping busy around the apartment when she walked in to the Rabbit Room.
“Hi, Zoomer, Hunter and Jellybean,” she greeted.
Ruger cleared his throat.
“You OK, Bean?” Mom asked.
“Please call me Ruger when I am at the office,” the bunny requested.
Mom stared at him. “You are at an office?”
Ruger nodded.
“We work,” Hunter confirmed.
“Since when?” Mom asked.
“Since always,” Zoomer replied.
Mom sat down on the floor.
“Sign in?” Hunter questioned.
“I have to sign in??” Mom was shocked.
“Can’t have just any hoomin’ wandering in,” Zoomer said.
Mom sighed.
“Fine, not this time, but next time, you sign,” Hunter thumped.
“So who does what?” Mom was curious.
Hunter was busy chewing on some paper.
“He’s doing paperwork,” Ruger replied. “Hunter is the accountant, he makes sure all our pellets are accounted for. I am his assistant. And Zoomer is the grouchy boss.”
Mom burst out laughing, Zoomer grumbled confirming his role.
“I’m impressed,” Mom said. “You seem to have it down to a science.”
“Lunch time,” Hunter declared.
The three bunnies hopped to their feet and stared at Mom.
She stared back.
“Great, what are we having for lunch?” she asked.
The three rabbits looked at each other and then back at her.
“You bring us food please,” Hunter said. “Not sure what you eat.”
Mom laughed again. “I’ll figure it out, we can have lunch together and then I’ll let you finish out your work day.”
There were three happy bunnies as Mom went to get them their well earned lunches.

THE FAWN PAWN
“Oh, Zoomer, I am so happy you ordered your fawn lawn ornament,” Mom said walking into the Bunny Room.
“I did?” Zoomer asked.
Mom nodded. “And it is adorable.”
“How did I do that?” Zoomer was confused.
Mom had already left the Bunny Room.
“What’s a fawn?” Hunter wondered.
Zoomer shrugged.
“A baby deer with spots,” Ruger replied.
“What’s that?” Hunter was still wondering.
Now Ruger shrugged. “I have no idea. Mom always says that when she talks about whatever a fawn is.”
“Well I guess we’ll find out when it arrives,” Zoomer laid down.
“Eat food?” Hunter asked.
Zoomer and Ruger both shrugged again.
“Hope doesn’t eat bunny food,” Hunter grumbled.
There was a knock on the door a short time later.
“Yay!” Mom exclaimed. “My … I mean, Zoomer’s fawn is here!”
“We need to see!” Hunter called out from the Rabbit Room.
Mom appeared a few minutes later, showing the bunnies the resin lawn ornament.
“Isn’t it adorable?” she asked.
Three bunnies stared.
“OK so you’re not as excited as I am,” Mom sighed.
“Eat food?” Hunter queried.
“Not at all,” Mom assured the Rex rabbit. “It’s a statue, not alive.”
Hunter binkied. “It’s awesome. Love it.”
Mom laughed.
“I guess I have good taste,” Zoomer laid back down.
“You do,” Mom agreed.
“Now we know what a fawn and a baby deer with spots looks like,” Ruger said happily.
“It’s a good day,” Mom said.
“I still don’t know how I ordered it …” Zoomer whispered.
“I was just kidding about that,” Mom smiled.
Zoomer sighed with relief.
“Treats now,” Hunter requested.
“I can arrange that,” Mom said.
Hunter grinned. “I ordered treats …”
Mom and her three bunnies laughed.

REFRIGERATION FRUSTRATION
“Need foods,” Hunter declared to Zoomer and Ruger. “I find for us.”
Hunter hopped out of the Bunny Room to the kitchen. He knew that’s where the Hoomin’s got the treats from.
But Mom and Dad weren’t in the kitchen … Hunter had to figure out how to get the fridge to open on his own.
He hopped up to the large white appliance. He put his paw on the side of the door and tried to pull the fridge open.
That did not work.
Hunter sat in from of the fridge. “Need foods, please open.”
The door did not oblige.
“Open says me,” Hunter said. “Pretty please.”
Nothing happened.
“Foods for me and other bunnies,” Hunter explained.
That did not impress the fridge at all.
Hunter persicoped and placed his paws on the fridge. “Please. Hungry bunnies.”
Mom and Dad had quietly entered the kitchen, observing their Rex rabbit.
Hunter flopped. “So weak, need lettuce.”
Mom laughed out loud, causing Hunter to hop up.
“You have a whole bunch of hay in you cage, so do Ruger and Zoomer, you are not weak from lack of food.”
“Worth a try,” Hunter shrugged. “You open for me please?”
“Sure,” Dad said. “You did make quite the effort to get the fridge to open on your own. You have earned your lettuce.”
Hunter binkied all the way back to the Bunny Room to tell Zoomer and Ruger that treats were on the way!

THE SWEATER SITUATION
Mom sat her sweater on the table and then walked into the kitchen.
The sweater slipped to the floor.
Hunter was on tour, hopping happily around the apartment when he noticed the sweater on the floor.
The Rex rabbit hopped over to investigate.
He nosed the sweater.
“Wow, soft,” Hunter whispered.
He pushed it around with his paws and then flopped onto it.
Mom entered the living room and saw Hunter curled up on her sweater.
“Hop up, Doodles, Mommy needs that sweater for work.”
Hunter stretched lazily. “I like, Doodles keep.”
Mom folder her arms across her chest. “I need that for work.”
“Doodles need for work,” Hunter hopped up and started to drag the sweater across the floor.
Mom cringed. “My shirt is getting dirty.”
“Then you carry to room for me,” Hunter continued to pull the sweater towards the Bunny Room.
“If I carry it into the room, can I have it back?” she sighed.
Hunter grunted. “I wear to work today.”
Mom sighed and picked up the sweater and took it into the Rabbit Room.
“Floor please,” Hunter hopped behind her.
Mom put her sweater on the floor.
Hunter nosed his way into the piece of clothing, his head popped out. “See fits good.”
Zoomer and Ruger agreed.
Another sigh from Mom.
“I guess I have to find a different sweater.”
Hunter nodded. “Thanks, Hoomom.”
“You’re welcome and please don’t get the sweater too dirty.”
“Promise,” Hunter said and off Mom went to get another sweater to wear to work.

SNACKS FOR THE SHOW
Hunter peeked into the living room.
Mom was still watching a TV show.
He hopped out and sat beside her.
“Good?” he asked.
Mom nodded.
Hunter turned to see the TV. It didn’t make much since to him.
However, what did make sense was that Mom was eating …
“Food for show?” Hunter questioned.
“I usually snack when I watch TV,” Mom admitted.
Hunter smiled. “I watch with you.”
“Sounds good,” Mom said, focusing on the show.
Hunter sat patiently, looking from the TV to Mom.
She wasn’t cluing in so Hunter cleared his throat.
“Hmmm?” Mom asked.
“Watching show, Doodles need snacks,” Hunter clarified.
“Oh, right,” Mom put her snacks down and paused the dvd and went to the kitchen to get something for Hunter to eat.
“Thank you!” Hunter happily nommed some lettuce as Mom went to give some to Zoomer and Ruger as well.
And this then became a common scene … Mom watched her TV show and Hunter joined her.
“You really like this show, huh?” Mom asked.
Hunter nodded.
“Do you like the show or the snacks you get when you watch the show?” Mom smiled.
“Uh … ummm … foods …” Hunter confessed.
Mom burst out laughing. “I thought so.”
“Show is good, food is better, but time with Hoomom’ is best,” Hunter flopped next to her.

PEEK-AT-BUNNY
“Peek!” Mom opened her hands and smiled at Ruger.
Ruger ducked behind his cage and then binkied out at Mom. “Peek!”
Mom covered her eyes. “Peek-a-boo!”
Ruger laughed and hopped behind his cage and then he hopped out at Mom.
Hunter was curious. “What’s peek-a-boo?”
“It’s a game,” Mom explained.
“Want to play?” Ruger asked.
Hunter shook his head. “No sense.”
“What’s no sense?” Mom asked.
“Game,” Hunter replied.
Zoomer yawned and stretched. “It’s just a game.”
“And it’s fun,” Ruger hopped out at Mom.
“Who is boo?” Hunter questioned.
Mom shrugged and peeked at Ruger.
“Need new name…” Hunter decided.
Mom and Zoomer and Ruger stared at the Rex rabbit.
“OK, new name is peek-at bunny,” Hunter declared.
“That’s not so bad,” Mom agreed.
“It makes sense too,” Zoomer nodded.
Ruger hopped at Mom. “And I can say peek-at-mommy when it’s my turn to peek!!”
“See Doodles knows what doing,” Hunter smiled. “I play too now.”
“Great!” Mom said.
Zoomer sighed. “It does look like fun, count me in.”
And Mom and the three bunnies had a fun afternoon playing their newly named game.

DON’T DRAW DOODLES
Hunter hopped over to sit beside his Hoomom.
“Doing?” he asked.
“Just drawing, nothing too exciting,” Mom replied.
“See?” Hunter periscoped.
Mom nodded and showed the bunny the pad she was sketching in.
“Bunny,” Hunter said. “Wow! Bunny has big nose.”
The Rex rabbit sat down and laughed.
Mom shrugged. “Well it’s a work in progress…”
Hunter looked at it again. “Who is?”
“Well …” Mom began.
“No stripe on nose like Zoomer,” Hunter observed. “No dots like Ruger.”
He hopped back, eyes wide.
Mom cringed.
“Is me?!” Hunter gasped.
“Yeah,” Mom confessed.
“Hunter’s honker not huge,” Hunter thumped.
“Of course your nose isn’t big, this is just a drawing, a doodle,” Mom tried to explain.
“I’m Hunter Doodles! No drawing Doodles!” Hunter thumped and his little ears went back.
Mom sighed. “I’ll throw the picture out, OK? No need to stress.”
“Not your nose in picture,” Hunter mumbled as Mom crumpled the paper.
“Picture was really wrong,” Hunter grumbled. “No treats in it.”
Mom rolled her eyes. “Right again, I’ll get you and your brothers some treats.”
“Put pencil and pad away first,” Hunter said, hopping back to the Bunny Room.
Mom snickered and got her bunnies some Romaine, promising to never draw Doodles again.

“A-DOOR-ABLE” DOODLES
Hunter hopped out of his cage and bee-lined it for the front door.
Hunter sat right next to the door.
“Hunter, what are you doing?” Mom asked after the bunny had been sitting there for about ten minutes.
Usually it was a dash to the front door and then laps around the living room.
“Grandpa visiting,” Hunter replied.
“He is?” Mom asked. “Today? How do you know this and I don’t?”
Hunter shook his head. “I don’t know he visit today.”
Now Mom was even more confused.
“Grandpa visit someday,” Hunter said. “I wait for him.”
“It could be a week before he comes to visit,” Mom advised.
Hunter shrugged.
“A week is seven days … you need to eat and drink and poop and hop around. You can’t just sit there,” Mom sighed.
Hunter rolled his eyes. “You bring me food and water and litter area.”
“You are being silly,” Mom said.
“No I is waiting for Grandpa,” Hunter clarified.
Mom sat beside the bunny. “How about this – when I know Grandpa is coming to visit I will let you know and maybe you can meet him at the door?”
Hunter jumped up. “Works for me!” and back to the Bunny Room he hopped.
Mom sighed with relief.
“Grandpa brings treats, you bring us treats please,” Hunter’s voice floated to the living room.
“Of course,” Mom laughed and did as requested.

THE NAP NOOK
Hunter hopped out into the living room and his eyes honed in on it.
“Something new!” the Rex rabbit binkied all the way across the room.
He sniffed around the new piece of furniture.
“What is?” Hunter wondered.
He periscoped noticing there were 3 shelves.
Mom wandered into the room.
“Like my new bookshelf?”
“Bookshelf, huh…” Hunter mumbled.
Mom nodded and then went back into the kitchen.
Hunter sat back and then noticed the DVDs on the floor level shelf.
He decided to remove them.
And he did so quite loudly.
Mom looked around the corner and watched as Hunter turned around on the shelf and then flopped.
Mom rolled her eyes and started to walk into the living room.
Hunter hopped up and headed to the Bunny Room.
“Guess I will clean up the mess,” Mom sighed and started to put the DVDs back.
Hunter came back into the room and thumped.
“Hoomom’, no!”
Mom turned to look at the bunny.
He was dragging his towel across the floor.
He hopped past Mom, pushed the few DVDs she had put back on the shelf out of the way and then arranged his towel and flopped.
Mom sat on the floor. “Whatcha doing?”
Hunter sighed. “Shhh. Napping. This is nap nook for bunnies.”
“Actually it’s a bookshelf I am storing my DVDs on,” Mom corrected.
“No more,” Hunter stated.
“And what do you think I should do with these DVDs?” Mom asked.
Hunter smiled. “Get a shelf.”
Mom couldn’t help but laugh and let Hunter continue his nap.

WHISTLING WONDER
Mom walked past the Bunny Room whistling as she went.
Hunter peeked around the corner and watched.
He then hopped back into his cage.
Hunter puckered his mouth trying to whistle.
Mom wandered into the bunny’s room and stopped to stare at Hunter.
“Are you alright?” Mom asked.
The Rex rabbit nodded and continued to make the puckered face.
“Are you sure?” Mom was getting concerned. “Did you eat something sour?”
Hunter shook his head no.
“Aw, did you eat poop?” Mom sighed.
Hunter thumped. “No! I try to make noise like you do.”
“The noise like I make?” Mom wondered.
“That noise you made when you just walked past,” Zoomer said.
“It sounded like music,” Ruger added.
“Oh you’re trying to whistle,” Mom realized.
Hunter nodded.
“I don’t know if you can do that, but keep working at it,” Mom encouraged Hunter.
“He’s used a lot of energy,” Zoomer said. “I’m pretty sure he needs to refuel, you know he needs a treat.”
Ruger nodded. “And me and Zoomer have been supporting the whistle attempt … we will need treats too.”
“I should’ve guessed …” Mom sighed.
“I keep trying, you being treats please,” Hunter said.
Mom sighed and left the Bunny Room, wondering how often the whistle attempt would be used to get treats.

CROONIN’ FOR THE HOOMIN’S
“Hoomins!” Hunter’s voice floated from the Bunny Room.
Mom and Dad wandered in.
“Have a seat,” Zoomer said.
Mom and Dad sat on the floor.
“This is so exciting!!” Ruger binkied in his cage.
The bunny parents looked at each other.
“What’s going on?” Mom asked.
Hunter smiled. “My first concert.”
“You can sing?” Dad was stunned.
Hunter nodded. “Ready?”
The bunny parents prepared themselves.
“When days are crappy, bunnies make you happy…” Hunter began.
Mom and Dad looked at each other.
“You use a scoop to steal our poop,” Hunter belted out.
Zoomer applauded.
“You give us treats cause we are sweet, bunnies love lettuce in our tummies,” Hunter continued on.
The parents clapped too.
“Now you hear me sing … treats you can bring … to me and Ruger and Zoomer … keep us in good humour ..” Hunter flopped. “All done.”
“Wow, that was awesome,” Mom cheered.
“Really good,” Dad agreed.
Hunter sat up. “Treats please … singing uses energy.”
Mom and Dad laughed and went to get the crooner and his pals some well deserved Romaine.

HANGRY HUNTER
The Rex rabbit looked around his cage … minimal pellets and a bit of hay remained from his feast from the night before.
“Rough morning,” Zoomer commented.
Hunter nodded. “Hoomin’s here soon.”
Time passed and no bunny parents wandered in.
“No problem,” Hunter mumbled. “I stare.”
“That always works,” Ruger agreed.
Hunter stared at the door for awhile.
“Is not working,” Hunter grumbled.
“We need food,” Ruger sighed.
“I get food,” Hunter promised and started to pace.
Hunter paces loudly when he is hungry. Hoomin’s usually appear in seconds.
This time they did not!
“Where are they?” Zoomer was getting annoyed.
Hunter shook his head. “Unbelievable! I try one more thing!”
Hunter chewed ambitiously on his cage bars.
And Hoomom appeared.
“What is going on?” she asked.
“You ignore Doodles,” Hunter grunted.
“He stared and he paced and then he had to chew!” Ruger exclaimed.
“Oh I was listening to music with my headphones on that’s why I didn’t hear you,” Mom explained.
“We need food,” Hunter grunted again.
“You still have hay and pellets,” Mom said. “All of you.”
“Bunnies have standards,” Hunter replied. “Below expected standards and need more please.”
Mom smiled. “You are so polite and put so much effort into getting my attention, I will oblige.”
“Gonna feed us?” Hunter didn’t know what “oblige” meant.
Mom gave the Rex and his bunny buddies some hay and hangry Hunter calmed down.

PREHISTORIC PONDERINGS
Mom entered the living room and saw Hunter staring at the TV.
She stopped to see what he was watching.
“Hi, Doodles,” Mom greeted. “What’s so interesting?”
“Dinosaur,” Hunter whispered.
“They are pretty cool,” Mom agreed.
“Cave hoomins too,” Hunter added.
Mom nodded.
“Is there cave bunny?’ Hunter questioned.
“I don’t know …” Mom replied.
“I think there cave bunnies,” Hunter stated. “They get treats?”
“Uh … I don’t think um cave bunnies lived with cave people … I think that didn’t happen for a long time …” Mom was trying to answer.
Hunter was annoyed. “How cave bunnies get food?”
“I guess they had to get their own food … maybe look for it … um outside the cave …” Mom cringed.
Hunter started to get agitated. “No treats and had to find own food?”
Mom shrugged.
“I think cave grandpa bring treats,” Hunter said.
“Well I don’t know if there were cave grandpa’s …I mean there were grandpa’s but maybe not for cave bunnies,” Mom mumbled.
Hunter thumped. “Cave bunnies call cave uncle and he bring cave grandpa and treats.”
Mom sighed. “I really don’t know … I mean, there weren’t phones back where there were dinosaurs …”
Hunter stared at his Mom. “Ridiculous. TV show not right.”
Hunter hopped off the couch and hopped back to the Bunny Room, mumbling. “No cave bunnies … no treats … television not my friend today…”
Mom smiled and went to the fridge to get her bunnies some Romaine lettuce, hoping it would make Hunter’s day better.

GROCERY GO-GETTER
“What doing?” Hunter asked Mom as he hopped into the kitchen.
“Making a grocery list,” Mom replied.
“Food list?” Hunter questioned.
Mom laughed and nodded.
Hunter binkied into the living room and came back to the kitchen with a piece of paper in his mouth. He dropped it in front of Mom.
“Write list for me?”
“Sure,” Mom picked up the paper and prepared to write. “What would you like?”
“Food,” Hunter replied.
Mom paused. “What type of food?’
“Treats,” Hunter binkied.
Mom smiled. “What kind of treats?”
“Good ones!” Hunter binkied again.
“That’s kind of vague,” Mom said.
Hunter sat down.
“How about some Romaine lettuce?” Mom suggested.
Hunter nodded. “Yes, lettuce list!”
“I can do that for you,” Mom agreed.
“Go now please, need lettuce, I tell Zoomer ad Ruger,” Hunter nosebonked Mom’s ankle.
“Alright, I’ll be back soon,” Mom promised as Hunter hopped into his cage.
“With lettuce!” Hunter’s voice floated from the Bunny Room.
Mom couldn’t help but laugh and headed out for groceries.

FAST FOOD
Hunter saw Mom’s cell phone sitting on the shelf in the Bunny Room. He hopped over and nosed it. The cell phone fell to the floor. Hunter nosed bonked the screen and it started to ring!
“Wow … “ Hunter whispered.
Mom and Dad were in the living room when Dad’s cell phone rang.
He looked at the caller ID and then at Mom. “Your cell phone is calling me?”
“Weird. Answer it,” Mom said.
“Hello?” Dad greeted.
Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger stared at the phone.
“Grandpa?” Hunter asked.
“Um, no,” Dad answered.
Mom started to laugh and then covered her mouth. She and Dad knew it was Hunter on the other cell phone.
“Food?” Hunter’s voice floated over the phone.
Dad decided to play along. “You want to order food?”
“YES!” Hunter binkied, still having no idea who he was talking to.
“What can we get for you?”
Hunter paused. “Fast food … treats …”
“Is this delivery or pick up?”
“Bring quickly please,” Hunter requested.
“And who am I speaking with?” now Dad was trying not to laugh.
“Hunter,” the bunny replied.
“And your last name?”
“Uh … Doodles …” Hunter said.
“So our delivery person asks for Mr. Doodles?”
Hunter grinned. “Yes, Mr. Doodles. I like that!”
“And how will you be paying? Cash, debit or credit?”
Hunter looked at Zoomer and Ruger. “Um hoomin’ paying.”
“OK, we’ll be there shortly,” and the bunny dad hung up.
Hunter looked at this brothers. “Getting food delivered!”
In the living room, Dad had headed to the hallway to pretend to be the delivery person. He knocked on the door.
Mom answered it and spoke loudly enough for the bunnies to hear. “You have a delivery for a Mr. Doodles?”
Hunter stared at the Bunny Room door. “Wow … fast food.”
“But now we have to pay for it,” Zoomer said.
“And Mom and Dad don’t know we ordered it!” Ruger paced back and forth in his cage.
“Hoomin’s pay,” Hunter assured his brothers.
Hunter appeared in the living room a moment later, dragging Mom’s purse from where he had found it.
“Hunter?” Mom asked.
“Please pay for food,” Hunter said.
“Oh you ordered this food?” Mom questioned.
“Ya and bunny have no money,” Hunter gave his Mom the sweetest smile he could manage.
Dad stuck his head in the door and Hunter thumped. “Where delivery dude with food?”
“You called my phone from Mom’s phone,” Dad replied.
“You trick Doodles!” Hunter thumped again.
“You shouldn’t be using my phone,” Mom replied.
“You shouldn’t trick bunnies!” Hunter thumped for a third time.
Mom and Dad felt guilty so Hunter, Zoomer and Ruger ended up getting treats anyways :)

DOODLES DEBATE
Hunter hopped out to the living room and saw Mom watching TV. “What’s this?”
“The candidates debate,” Mom replied.
Hunter stared at her.
Mom then explained the upcoming election for Prime Minister of Canada.
“Doodles do?” Hunter wondered.
Mom smiled. “I bet you could.”
Hunter nodded.
“What party would you run for?”
“I hop…” Hunter was confused. “What kind of party?”
“A party is the political group you would support and be a member of,” Dad joined the conversation. “What would your platform be?”
Hunter stared at Dad.
“What’s important to you?” Dad asked.
“Food!” Hunter replied without any hesitation.
Mom and Dad laughed.
“And naps,” Hunter added.
“Anything else?” Mom questioned.
“Towel,” Hunter referenced the towel that is his best friend.
“Those are great topics,” Mom smiled.
“Ruger and Zoomer be co-vice president,” Hunter decided.
“This is Canada, we don’t have vice presidents,” Dad advised.
“If Doodles is PM I get a VP,” Hunter thumped.
“I think you’d be great for the PM job,” Mom petted the Rex rabbit.
“Is a job?” Hunter’s eyes got big.
Mom and Dad nodded.
“Uh, job interfere with food and naps,” Hunter said. “Doodles don’t do.”
And off he hopped to the Rabbit Room … it was nap time.

HUNTER AND HYDE
“Cage cleaning time!” Mom announced, walking into the Bunny Room with all her supplies.
The bunnies work hard all day to make their poop and Mom just comes along every day and scoops it up and throws it in the trash … that does not impress Zoomer, Ruger and especially not Hunter.
Cleaning Ruger and Zoomer’s cages goes well.
Then it’s Hunter’s turn.
“OK, Doodles, move over,” Mom tries to shoo him off his litter area.
Ears go back and Hunter grunts.
“My poop!”
“Yes, it is your poop,” Mom agrees. “But I need to clean your cage.”
Hunter’s little ears go back and he glares at Mom.
He slowly moves off the litter area.
Mom puts her little dustpan in the cage to scoop the poop and Hunter grabs a hold of the dustpan and tries to wrestle it from Mom.
“Oh my gosh, we have been doing this for five years, Hunter …” Mom sighs.
“Not happy about this for five years,” Hunter mumbles as Mom takes the last scoop out of his cage.
Mom sprayed the litter area with water and wiped it clean. Then came the new bedding and following that … food!!
Hunter’s little ears start to perk up when he sees the hay pail and the pellet container.
As the new hay is laid in his cage, Hunter is happy dancing around his cage … all anger over the poop scooping gone.
Mom shook her head. “It’s like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde when it comes to cleaning your cage …”
“New food, new poop!” Hunter smiles and then dives into the hay pile in his cage.
Mom laughed, looking forward to the next day of cage cleaning and Hunter’s antics.

PROFESSIONAL POOPER SCOOPER?
Mom went through her routine that she did everyday before cleaning the cages.
Three bunnies watched.
“OK, boys, cage cleaning time,” Mom announced.
Three bunnies shook their heads “no.”
Mom put her hands on her hips. “No is not an option.”
“Our cages, our poop,” Zoomer stated.
Mom rolled her eyes.
Three bunnies sat on their litter areas.
Mom sighed.
“Little bit over-dramatic, Mom,” Ruger said.
“Seriously,” Mom said.
Three bunnies nodded.
“And why am I not allowed to clean your cages this time?” Mom asked.
“Not qualified,” Hunter replied.
Mom’s eyes went wide. “Pardon?”
“We really don’t know if you are qualified to clean our cages,” Zoomer said. “Do you have any formal training?”
“Did you graduate from a pooper scooper course?” Ruger wondered.
“I have been cleaning your bunny cages for 15 years and before that I have been known to clean cow and horse stalls,” Mom stated.
“What’s cow and horse poop?” Hunter questioned.
Mom went and got the tablet, looked up the cow and horse poop and showed the images to the bunnies.
“WOW, big poop,” Hunter admitted.
The three bunnies quietly conferred.
Mom waited patiently.
“You can clean our cages,” Zoomer said.
“Well thank you very much,” Mom sighed.
“But we still get to thump and grunt at you,” Ruger added.
“I would expect nothing less,” Mom laughed and started to steal the poop.

PJ PANTS PHENOMENON
Mom wandered into the Bunny Room.
“All dressed up!” Hunter commented.
Mom looked at the Rex rabbit.
“Party time?” Hunter asked.
Mom raised an eyebrow. “Not exactly.”
“Going to work?” Hunter questioned.
Mom smiled. “I would be sent home if I went to work dressed like this.”
Hunter was confused. “Why? You look so nice.”
Mom laughed. “Thanks, Doodles. These are my pyjama pants. I will never wear these outside of our apartment.”
“Very snazzy,” Hunter said.
“I don’t know where you learned that word … but thanks, they are all about comfort,” Mom said as she went into the closet in the Bunny Room and found her storage container that she kept all her PJ pants in.
“Need to hop,” Hunter announced and Mom opened his cage.
“I need to go to the kitchen, be right back,” Mom advised.
Zoomer and Ruger continued to nap.
Hunter however was totally fascinated by what was in the storage container.
Doodles hopped on top of the clothes in the bin and rummaged around.
When Mom returned to the Bunny Room … there were pyjama pants all over the floor.
“Hunter … whatcha looking for?” Mom asked.
“PJ pants for me,” the bunny replied.
“Oh my gosh, you won’t find any in there,” Mom replied.
“Know that now,” Hunter hopped out of the bin. “What a mess.”
“Yes it is quite a mess,” Mom agreed.
“Bunny Room was so neat till pyjama pants arrived,” Hunter observed.
Mom was about to reply but but her tongue. “Ya know what, I will clean up, you go and flop and rest for lunch or pre-lunch or early pre-lunch.”
“OK!” and Hunter binkied back to his cage to rest up for food.

HO HO HO HUNTER
Hunter hopped out to see what Mom was doing.
“I’m watching a Christmas movie,” she explained.
Hunter’s ears twitched.
“It’s about Santa delivering gifts,” Mom added.
Hunter sat beside her.
The scene on the TV was lovely – a beautifully decorated living room with a Christmas tree, stockings hung by the chimney.
“Is pretty,” Hunter commented.
All of a sudden, some soot came out of the chimney.
Hunter sat up.
A large man dressed in a red suit emerged from the chimney.
Hunter thumped. “Intruder!”
“No, that’s Santa Claus,” Mom petted the Rex rabbit.
The man in red looked around the room.
“Casing the place!” Hunter insisted.
Mom sighed. “No, Hunter, he is looking where to put the gifts.”
Hunter’s ears were at full attention.
He watched as the man pulled gifts out of his bag and put them under the tree.
“Wow, really bad thief … he not stealing, he giving them stuff!” Hunter mumbled. “Weird movie, Hoomom’.”
“Oh my gosh,” Mom then explained who Santa Claus or Santa Paws was to Hunter.
“Oh Santa Claus is Santa Paws,” Hunter marvelled. “Why you not say that before?”
Mom rolled her eyes.
Santa Claus looked around the room.
“Looking for now?” Hunter asked.
“Probably for his plate of cookies and treats for his reindeer,” Mom answered.
“Treats?” Hunter was now really interested,
Mom smiled. “Santa often has treats left for him and the reindeer when he visits homes.”
“When coming here?” Hunter persicoped.
“Actually tonight is Christmas Eve!” Mom announced.
“Umm … any treats … for Santa or reindeer … or bunnies?” Hunter smiled at Mom.
“I bet I can find treats for Santa … and reindeer …” Mom said.
Hunter looked at her anxiously.
“And probably some for bunnies too,” she added.
Hunter binkied. “I go let Zoomer and Ruger know!”
“I’ll meet you in the Bunny Room,” Mom promised.
Wishing all of our friends and their families a Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, Seasons Greetings, and all the best for however you celebrate the season!

NEW YEAR’S NAPPING
Mom wandered into the Rabbit Room.
Zoomer and Ruger were happily munching on hay.
Hunter was napping.
“Hoppy New Year’s, boys!”
“Same to you, Mom!” Ruger binkied.
Hunter yawned and stretched.
“Hey, Doodles, you went to bed last night and slept into a new decade,” Mom laughed.
“Hi, Hoomom’…” Hunter yawned.
“You missed the party,” Zoomer told the Rex rabbit.
“Party?” Hunter hopped up.
“The New Year’s Eve party,” Mom said.
Hunter looked confused.
“The party the hoomin’s weren’t invited to,” Ruger whispered.
“Oh ya … that party,” Hunter nodded. “I missed it?”
“Yep,” Mom, Ruger and Zoomer confirmed.
“How?” Hunter wondered.
“You slept,” Mom replied.
“Through a party?” Hunter mumbled. “Was there food?”
“Not really,” Mom admitted.
“That’s why Doodles slept,” Hunter answered.
“Mom woke up up every 30 minutes till we went to bed,” Zoomer said.
“We tried to party,” Ruger added.
“But none of us made it past 8 pm,” Mom laughed.
Hunter laughed now. “Wow, party animals … OK, I need sleep.”
And over he flopped.
“I think he has the right idea, bunnies, I’m gonna nap too,” Mom yawned. “Treats for every bunny when I get up!”

THE RETIRED RABBIT
“I’m home from work, bunnies!” Mom greeted Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger as she walked into their room.
Zoomer and Ruger binkied to welcome Mom home.
Hunter was stretched out in a flop, yawned and groomed his paw.
“Rough day, Doodles?” Mom asked.
Hunter nodded.
“Lots of work?” Mom questioned.
Hunter sat up. “No work, I’m really tired.”
Mom laughed. “You’re really tired? Didn’t you sleep most of the day?”
Hunter nodded.
“Then how can you be really tired?”
“Not sleepy,” the Rex rabbit replied. “Home all day, like Grandpa.”
Mom was a bit confused.
“Grandpa doesn’t work either,” Zoomer said.
“And he’s not really tired,” Ruger added.
Mom still wasn’t understanding.
“Hoomin’s do it when old,” Hunter said.
“OK well Grandpa’s not that old,” Mom answered.
Hunter laughed. “Grandpa is pawesome! He no work no more.”
Mom smacked her hand on her forehead. “Retired! You meant you are retired, not really tired!”
Hunter binkied. “You smart, Hoomom!”
“I try,” Mom smiled.
“Smart hoomin’s bring treats to bunnies!” Hunter smiled sweetly at Mom.
Mom nodded and head out to the kitchen to get the treats.

SLIPPER-Y SITUATION
Mom wandered into the living room and took off her slippers.
Hunter was stretched out in front of the TV.
Mom wandered into the kitchen.
Hunter honed in on the slippers.
He hopped over and nosed them.
“Hoomin’s like…” he whispered. “Bunny try.”
Hunter hopped around and managed to get his back feet into the slippers.
“Wow, soft!” Hunter smiled and settled into laying on top of them.
Mom came back into the living room and saw Hunter snoozing.
“Um, Doodles, why are you sleeping on my slippers?” she asked.
“Are nice,” Hunter replied and periscoped so Mom could see his feet were actually in the slippers. “They fit!”
Mom had to laugh. “I think my feet are a bit bigger than yours.”
“Obviously,” Hunter agreed. “I like feet warmers.”
“Slippers,” Mom corrected.
“Silly name,” Hunter yawned. “Feet warmers.”
Mom sighed. “I won’t argue, you will win.”
“Obviously,” Hunter repeated.
“Can I have my slippers, sorry, feet warmers back?” Mom asked.
“I napping, feet cozy,” Hunter yawned.
“I guess that means no,” Mom said.
“Have after my nap,” Hunter promised.
Hunter had marathon naps so Mom went to get some socks to wear until she got her slippers back.

HITCHHIKING HUNTER
Mom watched as Hunter dragged her lunch bag into the Bunny Room.
She then heard him digging in the hay pail.
Mom peeked in the room.
Hunter was pushing hay into her lunch bag.
“Doodles, what are you doing?” Mom demanded to know.
“Packing a lunch,” Hunter said. “Put pellets in bag please.”
“I am not putting pellets in my lunch bag. I need it for tomorrow,” Mom said.
“Might not be back by then,” Hunter answered.
“Where are you going?”
“Hitchhing to Grandpa’s,” the bunny replied.
“Pardon? Do you know what hitchhiking is?” Mom asked.
“Get a ride to Grandpa’s,” Hunter said. “I call him and he pick me up.”
Mom explained how hitchhiking worked.
Hunter’s eyes got huge. “Bunny have no thumbs!”
Mom nodded.
“Stranger danger!” Hunter thumped.
“Exactly,” Mom said. “Hitchhiking is dangerous.”
“Wow, Doodles don’t do,” Hunter promised.
“Smart bunny,” Mom petted him. “I will call Grandpa to come and visit you soon.”
Hunter looked relieved.
“And yes, before I call Grandpa, I will bring you and Zoomer and Ruger treats,” Mom promised.
“And clean out lunch bag, you need it tomorrow,” Hunter added.
And Mom laughed.

COMPUTER CONFUSION
“Aw, so cute!” Hunter heard Mom say.
“Thanks, Hoomom!” Hunter said and flopped.
Zoomer and Ruger looked at the Rex rabbit.
“What are you talking about?” Zoomer asked.
“Hoomom said I cute,” Hunter yawned.
“Mom’s not in the room,” Ruger replied.
“But I heard…” Hunter hopped up.
“She wasn’t talking about you,” Zoomer said.
Hunter’s ears went back and he started to chew on his cage.
Mom hurried in, opened his cage and left the room after saying hello to the bunnies.
“Huh,” Hunter hopped out of his cage and into the living room.
Mom and Dad were watching something on the computer.
Hunter periscoped but couldn’t see the screen.
Hunter hopped back as far as he could, periscoped but still could not see what the bunny parents found so interesting.
So he thumped.
“Hi, Doodles,” Dad greeted.
“What watching?” Hunter demanded to know.
“Baby bunnies!” Mom smiled.
“Babee bunnehs…” Hunter repeated.
Mom brought the computer to where Hunter could see it. “Just imagine,you and Zoomer and Ruger were this small.”
Hunter’s scowl disappeared and he smiled. “Aw, so cute …”
Mom went to put the computer back on the desk but Hunter protested. “Gotta show Ruger and Zoomer.”
Mom obliged and took the computer into the Bunny Room.
Zoomer and Ruger joined Hunter in watching the video of the baby bunnies.
After a few minutes, Mom went to remove the computer.
All three rabbits glared at her.
“We are watching that,” Zoomer said.
“OK …” Mom replied.
“We thump when you can have ‘puter again,” Hunter advised.
“We might be awhile,” Ruger added.
Mom sighed and exited the Rabbit Room.

DOODLES DAY
Mom was brushing her teeth when she had the feeling she was being watched.
She looked into the hallway and saw Hunter, ears back, glaring at her with a very disapproving look.
Mom put her toothbrush down and turned to say something to him but when she looked he was gone.
Mom shrugged it off and went into the kitchen.
She opened the fridge.
When she closed the door, Hunter was there, staring at her with the same scowl.
Mom was startled so she put down her apple and when she turned around, Hunter was gone again.
“What the…” Mom walked into the Bunny Room but the Rex rabbit was nowhere to be found.
She petted Zoomer and Ruger and went to the living room and sat down to watch a dvd.
There was Hunter, sitting under the TV stand, still glaring at her.
“OK, what’s going on?” Mom put down the remote.
Hunter hopped out to sit in front of her. “You forgot.”
“Forgot?” Mom asked.
“Today is Doodles Day,” Hunter grumbled.
Mom was confused having had a hard time understanding what the bunny said. “It’s Doomsday?”
Hunter lost his scowl, confused by what Mom had said. “What’s Doomsday?”
Mom’s eyes got big. “Uh end of the world.”
“Sounds like a bad day,” Hunter replied. “No treats?”
Mom shook her head no.
Hunter gulped. “No Grandpa?”
“No nothing, all gone, hoomin’s, bunnies, treats and Grandpa,” Mom told him. “Pretty sure I would remember if it was Doomsday.”
“Oh I say DOODLES DAY not DOOMSDAY,” Hunter corrected.
“I didn’t know it was Doodles Day either,” Mom said.
“OK, maybe I forgot to tell Hoomin’s,” Hunter replied.
“Is that why you were scowling at me and acting all stealth?” Mom laughed.
“Yes, thought you forgot day all about me!” Hunter admitted.
“Can a treat make it up?” Mom wondered.
“I think so,” Hunter hopped to the Bunny Room to tell his brothers the Doodles Day celebrations had begun.

MAN CAVE MATTERS
“No girls allowed,” Ruger said as Mom walked into the Bunny Room.
“Pardon?” Mom asked.
“Please step out of the room,” Ruger said.
Mom sighed and stood outside the door.
“And why I am I not allowed in the Bunny Room?” she wondered.
“This is the Man Cave,” Zoomer replied.
“How could I not have known that?” Mom sighed.
“Yes, really, Mom, you should keep up on these things,” Ruger said.
“When did the Bunny Room become the Man Cave?” she asked.
“Five minutes,” Hunter answered.
“Wow, long time …” Mom sighed. “So any other reason why I am banned from your room?”
“You have cuties,” Ruger added.
“Pardon?” Mom was trying not to laugh.
“You have cuties,” Ruger repeated. “Girls have cuties.”
“I think you mean cooties,” Mom corrected. “And they aren’t real.”
“Only boy bunnies in here,” Hunter said.
Mom smiled. “That’s fine. But how am I supposed to bring you treats or feed you or well do anything for you if I cannot come into the room?”
“Uh oh …” Hunter whispered.
Obviously the boy bunnies hadn’t thought of that.
“And don’t say Dad,” Mom added. “He isn’t always here when you need treats.”
Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger stared at each other and then started to whisper.
“We will make one exception to the rule,” Ruger declared. “You are the only girl allowed in the Man Cave.”
“Great, thanks,” and Mom walked in.
“Not finished,” Hunter said.
Mom sighed and stepped out of the room again.
“We need treats right now,” Ruger added.
“I can handle that,” Mom said and went to get the required treats.

THE BUNNY BANK
Zoomer hopped into the living room and sat in front of Mom.
“I need to save for retirement,” Zoomer stated.
Mom leaned forward.
“I need to start a bank account,” Zoomer had decided.
“Um, OK, well when people are saving they put money in a bank account,” Mom said.
“Works for me,” Zoomer stretched out.
“Well, you don’t work so you don’t have money,” Mom replied.
Zoomer hopped to his feet and thumped. “I can’t get a job! I’m too cute, remember?”
Mom was trying not to laugh. “Oh yes, I certainly remember.”
“Then I’ll save other stuff,” Zoomer said.
“Such as?” Mom was curious.
“Hay, pellets, maybe even poop,” the Dutch bunny answered.
“I cannot walk into a bank with hay and pellets and rabbit poop and tell them I want to open a savings account and make a deposit,” Mom told the bunny.
“Wow, what type of banks do people have?” Zoomer muttered.
“That’s kind of the problem,” Mom said. “People have banks, bunnies don’t.”
Zoomer sighed loudly. “Well I tried.”
“Yes you did,” Mom agreed. “How about a treat for you and Hunter and Ruger? As long as you don’t plan on saving it for retirement.”
Zoomer agreed and binkied to the Bunny Room to await the arrival of treats.

DEFECTIVE DETECTIVE
“Ouch! Ouch! Ow!” Mom exclaimed.
Hunter peeked out of the Bunny Room.
Mom’s face was red and she was holding her hand.
“Owie?” Hunter asked.
Mom nodded.
Dad heard the commotion.
“I bent three fingernails back…” Mom whispered.
“Ohhh … that’s crappy …” Dad winced.
“One broke …” Mom said. “I wish they all would’ve broke.”
Hunter periscoped. “Hoomom’ is broken?”
“Nope, just a fingernail,” Mom replied, her face was a normal colour now.
“Is OK, I fix,” Hunter nosebonked Mom towards the Bunny Room.
“Pardon?” Mom asked.
“You broken, I figure out, I fix,” Hunter assured Mom.
Dad burst out laughing. “Good luck.”
“No luck, bunny smarts,” Hunter assured Dad.
Mom sat on the floor.
Hunter hopped around her hand. Looking at it from all angles.
He even had Mom pet him to make sure there was no permanent damage.
“I done,” Hunter declared. “Dad, come back!”
Dad entered the Rabbit Room. “So what did you determine?”
Hunter stood in front of Mom. “Fingernails were bad, not supposed to bend that way. Problem is Mom is defective.”
“I’m defective?” Mom asked.
Hunter nodded and Dad laughed. “I think Hunter means your finger nails are defective because they bent the wrong way?”
“That’s what I said,” Hunter nodded.
“Good detective work, Doodle,” Dad gave the bunny a noserub.
“Detective Doodles …” Hunter whispered and the hoomins could almost see thought clouds forming above his head …

MINIATURE MISCHIEF
Mom was rearranging some of her bunny miniatures when Hunter hopped into the living room.
“What’s that?” Hunter periscoped.
Mom held out a mini for Hunter to see.
“Wow, neat! More?” Hunter questioned.
Mom laughed. “Oh my gosh I have lots more.”
She then proceeded to place a bunch of the resin rabbits on the floor for Hunter to check out.
The Rex rabbit hopped around nosebonking each mini as he went.
“You supervise, I have to get something out of the closet,” Mom told Doodles.
“OK, I’m boss,” Hunter nodded.
Hunter sat down and looked at the collection and realized he was getting hungry.
There were a lot of minis … if they each got a treat …
Hunter smiled and started to carry each mini to the kitchen and placed them in front of the fridge.
When Mom came back to the living room, her collection and Hunter were not there.
She turned around and her grinned.
“Guess I was gone longer than I thought,” she shook her head. “Are you trying to tell me something?”
Hunter nodded. “Bunnies need treats.”
“Those bunnies don’t eat food, so they don’t need treats,” Mom revealed.
“Oh …” Hunter sighed.
“But I bet you worked up quite the appetite moving them all into the kitchen,” Mom said.
“Yes, so hungry,” Hunter agreed.
“You help me move them back into the living room and I will get you and Zoomer and Ruger treats,” Mom promised.
Hunter hopped to getting the minis back to where they belonged and was rewarded with a treat!

CONVERSATION CONFUSION
Mom yawned and looked out the window. “Great, more snow. At least I am off today.”
“What does that mean?” Ruger asked.
“I don’t have to go in to work today and it’s a snow day for a lot of other people with the amount we got,” Mom petted the bunny.
“Snore day…” Ruger whispered, hearing Mom wrong.
His eyes got large.
When Mom snored, you heard it in every room.
“Are you sure you have to stay home?” Ruger asked.
“Well yes, I’m not scheduled to work today,” Mom was confused, the bunnies loved when she was at home for the day.
“Maybe you could volunteer to go today,” Ruger suggested.
Mom laughed. “Um no, my car is snowed in until we get plowed out.”
“You could walk…” Ruger was hopeful.
“Why are you so eager for me to go to work?” Mom finally asked.
“It’s gonna be so loud all day,” Ruger sighed.
“What’s going to be so loud?” Mom wondered.
“Your nose!” Ruger exclaimed.
“My nose?” Mom repeated.
Ruger nodded. “Your snoring is really loud.”
Mom was really confused now. “I’m not going to sleep all day.”
“But you said it’s a snore day…” the bunny replied.
“Oh now I get it … no I said “snow day” and you must’ve heard “snore day” instead,” Mom laughed.
“Oh thank goodness I am wrong,” Ruger binkied “Now I’m happy you’re home!”
“Me too, a day with bunnies is always the best,” Mom smiled.

DETECTIVE DOODLES AND THE LONG PAW OF THE LAW
Mom came into the living room and saw Hunter watching a cop show.
“And what are you doing?”
“Studying,” Hunter replied.
“Pardon?” Mom sighed.
“Cop show, Detective Doodles needs to know,” Hunter answered.
Mom smiled and went into the kitchen.
She heard “bang, bang” from the living room and peeked in to check on Hunter.
He had sat up, ears forward. “Wow, hoomin’s fart a lot on this show.”
Mom then explained those weren’t farts.
“Oh … wow … bad guys …” Hunter thumped.
Mom shut the TV off. “Time for a break.”
“Time for lunch,” Hunter corrected.
Mom gave the bunnies some Romaine for lunch and set about doing some cleaning.
Hunter is a curious bunny and after lunch he wanted to see what Mom was up to.
He hopped out of the Bunny Room as Mom was walking down the small hallway.
Apparently she wasn’t walking fast enough …
Hunter started to imitate a siren.
Mom stopped walking and looked down.
“Yes?” she asked.
“Detective Doodles, you walking too slow, impeding hopping,” Hunter declared.
“You could hop around me,” Mom suggested.
Hunter glared at her. “License and registration please.”
“I’m walking, not driving,” Mom replied.
“I gotta give a ticket,” Hunter sighed.
“For what?” Mom asked.
“Being grouchy,” Hunter said.
Mom smacked her hand on her forehead.
“Ow,” Hunter said. “OK, I just give you a warning. No more slow walking. Bunnies need to get through.”
Hunter then pooped beside Mom’s foot.
“My warning is poop?” Mom sighed for what seemed like the tenth time.
Hunter nodded. “Please pick up. And then treats please.”
Mom laughed and obliged and Detective Doodles was happy.

SITTING SITUATION
“I guess we would get a bunny sitter if we ever went on a trip, pay someone to come and look after them instead of the bunnies going to someone’s place,” Hunter heard Mom say. “But we never travel so not really something we have ever had to do.”
Hunter peeked into the living room and saw that Mom was talking to someone on her cell phone.
Mom talked a bit longer and then said good bye to whomever was on the other end.
“Hi, Mom,” Hunter appeared at her feet.
Mom reached down to pet the bunny.
“Sit with me?” Hunter asked.
So Mom joined the Rex rabbit on the floor.
And then Hunter sat on her lap.
“Wow, you usually aren’t so cuddly,” Mom said and petted the bunny.
Awhile later Mom went into the kitchen and Hunter followed.
As she stood at the cupboards trying to decide what to eat, Hunter sat on her feet.
Mom stared down at him and he smiled up at her.
And when she went to the table and sat down, Hunter again sat on her feet.
Back to the kitchen and Hunter was back on her feet.
Mom was getting concerned so she sat on the floor again.
Hunter climbed right back onto her lap.
“Are you OK?” Mom questioned.
Hunter nodded. “I am bunny sitter.”
“Pardon?” Mom asked.
“I am bunny sitter, you pay me to sit?” Hunter smiled.
Mom laughed at Hunter’s reasoning. “Well obviously you heard that conversation and you are doing a fantastic job of sitting on my lap and feet but I don’t need to hire a bunny sitter … your Dad and I aren’t going anywhere that you and Ruger and Zoomer will be left alone.”
“But I bunny sitter,” Hunter said sadly. “I do good job.”
Mom petted him. “You did a great job. How about you and your brothers get a treat since you did such great work?”
Hunter hopped up. “Deal!”
As usual Mom went to get treats and Hunter went to tell Zoomer and Ruger they were getting treats.

WOODPECKER WOES
Mom could hear a ruckus coming from the Rabbit Room.
When she walked in there were three very unhappy bunnies staring at the window.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“Hear that?” Zoomer grumbled.
Mom listened, but nothing caught her attention.
“Seriously, it’s non-stop,” Ruger thumped.
“Tap, tap, tap,” Hunter mimicked.
“Oh, that sounds like a woodpecker,” Mom looked out at the window.
Sure enough there was a woodpecker in the tree that wasn’t far from the window.
“It sounds annoying,” Zoomer was getting really grumpy.
“I’m sure he will be gone soon,” Mom tried to calm the bunnies down and walked out of the room.
Time passed…
“Mom!” Zoomer thumped. “Come here please.”
Mom slowly went to see the bunnies.
“Woodpecker still there,” Hunter snapped.
“I can hear that,” Mom nodded.
“He needs to stop or go to another tree,” Ruger was getting grouchy too.
Mom folded her arms across her chest. “Bunnies, I am sorry but I cannot chase the woodpecker from the tree. What do you want me to do, yell at him to stop banging on the tree because he is ticking you guys off?”
And the noise stopped.
A confused look crossed Mom’s face.
The bunnies all sat up.
Mom moved the curtain. “Oh I forgot the window was open. And great, that lady walking her dog must’ve heard me too…”
“But you made it stop!” Ruger binkied.
“Best Mom ever,” Hunter flopped.
Zoomer stretched out. “And now you know what to do next time.”
Mom smiled, hoping there wasn’t a next time!

DETECTIVE DOODLES AND THE WORD SEARCH SCHEME
Hunter peeked around the corner from the Bunny Room to the hallway.
No hoomin’s in sight.
Where were they?
Hunter hopped into the living room and spotted Mom.
She was sitting at the table, looking at something.
Hunter periscoped when he got beside her.
“Eating?” he asked, as this is what hoomin’s usually did at the table.
“Nope,” Mom replied, not taking her eyes off what she was doing.
Hunter sat beside her foot.
“Gonna tell me?” the bunny asked impatiently.
“Oh sorry, I am doing a word search puzzle,” Mom said.
“Words lost?” Hunter was confused.
“Not exactly,” Mom showed him the page.
Hunter’s eyes got large. “What the heck?”
Mom explained how a word search worked.
“Hunter, er Detective Doodles help you!” Hunter binkied.
When Mom realized he wasn’t asking but insisting she sat on the floor and placed the book in front of the bunny.
“Found one!” Hunter said.
“What is the word and where?”Mom asked.
Hunter ran his nose along a line of letters. “Treats.”
Mom bit her lip. “Um, that word actually isn’t in this puzzle.”
“Wow, bad puzzle,” Hunter shook his head.
Mom circled a few words while Hunter watched.
“Got one!” Hunter exclaimed, ran his nose along a line of letters.
“Word?” Mom asked.
“Food,” Hunter said confidently.
“Sorry that’s not a word in this puzzle either,” Mom petted his head.
“Do a different puzzle!” Hunter thumped. “Detective Doodles don’t like this one.”
Mom smiled. “How about we take a treat break?”
Hunter went from thumping to binkying and after the treats were served, Mom was able to work on her word search :)

BUNNY BAND AID
“Ouch!” the bunnies heard Mom exclaim.
Ruger hopped out to the kitchen.
“Are you alright?”
“I got a paper cut,” Mom said, holding up her finger where a little bit of blood was showing.
“Oh no,” Ruger thumped. “Hoomom’ is injured!”
Mom tried to calm the bunny down. “It’s OK. I will clean the cut and put a band aid on I will be fine.”
“Can I help?” Ruger was hopping around her feet.
Mom made her way to the bathroom and cleaned the paper cut.
“There’s so much blood!” Ruger had hopped behind her.
Mom smiled. “It was just a little drop.”
“That’s too much!” Ruger insisted.
“Now I’ll tape it up and I’ll be good as new,” Mom bent down to pet the bunny with her other hand.
“I need to help you,” Ruger had his paws on Mom’s leg.
Mom gathered some supplies and went out to the living room. She sat on the couch and Ruger hopped up beside her.
Mom was getting ready to put on a small band aid when Ruger objected.
“You need more than that!”
“Um, really Jellybean, this will be enough, it’s a small cut,” Mom tried to reason with the rabbit.
Ruger thumped. “No! Use that stuff.”
Mom looked at the gauze. “That’s a bit much…”
Ruger glared at her.
Mom smiled and started to wrap the gauze around her finger.
“More,” Ruger said.
Mom sighed.
“Still need more,” Ruger insisted.
Mom smiled and kept wrapping the gauze until the Rex rabbit was happy.
By that time her whole hand and half way up her arm was wrapped.
“Perfect!” Ruger relaxed.
“You were a great help,” Mom petted the bunny.
“Of course I was,” Ruger smiled. “Bunnies are the best.”

THE NAP NUISANCE
“Bunnies, Mom’s gonna take a nap!” Mom declared as she walked into the Bunny Room.
Ruger and Zoomer were in their cages so the news didn’t seem to really impress them.
However, Hunter was hopping around when he heard Mom’s proclamation.
“A nap …Doodles do too!” the Rex rabbit yawned.
He hopped into the Hoomin’s bed room.
And onto the bed.
He stretched and flopped dead centre of the mattress.
Mom had changed into her jammies and headed for the hoomin’s room.
She turned on the light and …
“Hey! Bright! Napping! Off please!” Hunter’s voice greeted her.
Mom sighed. “Doodles, I am napping. You can nap in your room, like you always do.”
“Hunter here first,” Hunter stretched out.
Mom folded her arms across her chest. “Well if you want to stay, we are going to share.”
Mom proceeded to lay down as best as she could on the mattress.
She stared at the bunny. “Do you think you can move over? I need a lot more room than you do.”
Hunter grumbled but obliged.
Mom pulled a blanket over herself.
Hunter’s ears perked up. “Blankie?”
He flopped over to look at Mom. “We share.”
It wasn’t a request.
Hunter hopped up and proceeded to pull way more than half of the blanket to his side of the bed.
“I’m cold,” Mom said.
“I have fur, not cold. You get more blankies,” Hunter replied.
“Such sympathy,” Mom muttered.
Then Hunter started to snore.
Mom jumped off the bed, grabbed her pillow and blankie and headed to the Rabbit Room.
Hunter was curious as to where Mom went.
He found her laying on the floor in the Bunny Room, snoring lightly.
“Aw, Hunter nap with Mom and Zoomer and Ruger,” he whispered and gently pulled a corner of Mom’s blanket so he could flop.
Mom opened her eye and smiled.
Mommy-Bunny time was now Mommy-Bunny nap time.

F.U.R.
“Come on, Doodles, laundry time, your favourite time of the day!” Mom called from the living room.
Hunter loved to help with laundry but today he was nowhere to be seen.
Mom went in to the Bunny Room.
“No helping today,” Hunter stated.
Mom shook her head. “Are we back in furry freeloading mode?”
“What’s that?” Zoomer asked.
Mom explained “furry” cause the bunnies had fur and then what “freeloading” meant.
“Is that a bad thing?” Ruger wondered.
Mom laughed and gave him a noserub. “Well, not a bad thing for you bunnies I guess. You don’t have to do any work.”
Mom left the room to work on the laundry.
“I think we need to use this to our advantage,” Zoomer said.
“How?” Hunter asked. “More treats?”
“Maybe,” Zoomer shrugged.
“We can form a group,” Ruger binkied.
The three bunnies set about thinking of a name for their new club.
“Have it!” Hunter hopped up.
He whispered the idea to Zoomer and Ruger and they approved.
When Mom and Dad went to visit the bunnies a short time later …
“We have an announcement to make,” Zoomer cleared his throat.
Ruger and Hunter sat at attention.
“We have officially formed a group, Hunter came up with the name,” Zoomer said. “We are F.U.R.”
“Fur?’ Mom and Dad repeated.
“Freeloading Unemployed Rabbits,” Hunter said proudly.
Mom and Dad looked at each other.
“That’s creative,” Dad said.
“Does your group have any, well, benefits?” Mom asked.
“Treats, treats and more treats,” Hunter smiled.
“No work involved on our part!” Ruger added.
“That’s actually pretty brilliant,” Dad agreed.
“And I am guessing now you want treats?” Mom sighed.
Three bunnies nodded and the two parents went to get them the treats.

DRIVING DOODLES
Hunter hopped into the living room and noticed something new in the far corner.
He slowly made his way over to it.
He sniffed it.
“Not food.”
Mom had been watching him from the kitchen. “No, it’s not food.”
“What is?” the bunny asked hopping around the item.
“It’s a toy car for one of my friend’s kids. It’s for her birthday. She can drive it around their basement,”Mom explained.
“Car?” Hunter hopped into the toy car.
Mom nodded and went back into the kitchen.
“Drive…” Hunter whispered and started to push on the dash of the car with his paws and nose.
The car moved.
“WOW!” Hunter was excited.
Mom appeared in the living room. “No playing with the car and definitely no driving the car.”
“Doodles drive,” Hunter pushed the “go” button again.
Mom rolled her eyes and walked towards the bunny.
Hunter proceeded to run into her shin.
“Ow,” Mom mumbled.
“In way, lady,” Hunter put his paws on the middle of the steering wheel.
Yes, the horn worked.
Hunter hopped out of the car.
“Broken?” he asked.
Mom rubbed her shin while explaining what a horn was and what it did.
“Oh, is good. You was in my way,” Hunter hopped back in the car.
“OK, enough, out of the car,” Mom said. “I’m going to put it away so it doesn’t get damaged.”
“No, need to go to drive thru,” Hunter insisted.
“Absolutely not,” Mom ushered the Rex rabbit out of the car and proceeded to put it in the linen closet.
“No drive thru,” Hunter was not happy.
“I can bring you food without you driving anywhere,” Mom assured the bunny and then went to the fridge to get some lettuce to prove her point.
“Doodles done driving,” he assured Mom.
Mom laughed. “That’s probably for the best. Come on, Ruger and Zoomer need food too.”

DAY OFF RIP OFF
The sun was coming up.
Birds were singing.
Hunter was hungry.
“Hoomom’ soon bring breakfast,” Hunter informed Zoomer and Ruger as he stretched.
Zoomer smiled.
Hunter’s belly was on a timer.
Hunter moved his remaining hay around and sat close to his cage door.
It got brighter outside.
More birds sang.
Hunter got hungrier.
The Rex rabbit started to pace.
“Hoomom’ soon bring breakfast?” he asked Zoomer and Ruger.
“Anytime now,” Ruger replied.
Hunter stretched and pooped and drank some water.
But more time passed and no Mom appeared.
“Seriously, bunnies hungry,” Hunter mumbled.
And so he began his routine of summoning the hoomin’s to bring food …
Hunter paced and chewed on his cage …
Finally, Mom slowly wandered into the Bunny Room.
“Late!” Hunter thumped.
“I’m not late, it’s my day off,” Mom mumbled.
“No day off from bunny breakfast,” Hunter rolled his eyes.
“It’s my day off from work,” Mom clarified. “I’m not late for work.”
“Not worried about work,” Hunter periscoped. “Need food. You are late with breakfast.”
Mom stretched. “Well I need that work to pay for your breakfast…”
“Please. Bring. Food,” Hunter was in overdrive on the dramatics.
Ruger and Zoomer were trying not to laugh.
Mom topped up their hay and pellets.
Hunter attacked the food.
“Um, just to point out, you still had some hay and pellets, I could’ve slept in,” Mom sighed.
“Thanks,” Hunter said between mouthfuls. “Get more sleep now.”
“You’re welcome and thank you for your permission to go back to bed,” Mom nodded.
“Don’t be late for lunch,” Hunter smiled.
Now Zoomer and Ruger laughed.
Mom couldn’t help but laugh too.
Hunter loves his food …

HOWLING HUNTER
The noise coming from the Rabbit Room woke Mom out of a deep sleep just after midnight.
She quickly got to her feet and made her way to check on the bunnies.
Mom flicked on the light, blinking as her eyes adjusted to the brightness.
“What’s wrong? What was that noise?” Mom asked.
Three bunnies stared at her.
“Your hair looks horrible,” Ruger said.
Mom had a serious case of bedhead.
“What was that noise?” Mom rubbed her eyes.
Hunter let out a howl.
“Are you hurt? Are you sick?” Mom ran to his cage.
Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger looked at each other.
“It’s a full moon,” Zoomer said.
Mom continued to look at the bunnies for a better explanation.
“Have to howl when moon is full,” Hunter replied.
“No, no you don’t,” Mom said. “You’re not a wolf or a werewolf, no howling required.”
“I like to howl,” Hunter frowned.
“No howling, especially at midnight,” Mom folded her arms across her chest.
“Are you mad cause your hair is so messed up?” Zoomer questioned.
“This has nothing to do with my hair,” Mom sighed. “I thought somebun was hurt when I heard that noise!”
“Oh, sorry,” Hunter said. “No more midnight howling.”
“No more howling, anytime,” Mom said firmly.
Hunter sighed. “No more howling.”
Mom smiled. “I’m glad we all agree. Now, goodnight my bunnies, see you at breakfast.”
Mom looked forward to more sleep while the bunnies looked forward to treats.

ROCKSTAR RABBIT
“Mom! Come quick!” Zoomer called from the Bunny Room.
Mom quickly appeared in the door. “What’s going on?”
“Hunter wants you to listen to something,” Ruger was grinning.
Mom waited.
Hunter had been flopped on his side.
He slowly got to his paws and stretched.
Mom continued to wait.
Hunter started to move his head up and down.
And then he sang …
“Don’t be rude, give me food. Don’t give me ‘tude, I just want food. I show gratitude when you give me food.”
Zoomer and Ruger applauded.
Mom appeared to be speechless.
“Number one hit for sure!” Hunter periscoped.
“It was definitely original,” Mom said.
“Gonna be a rockstar,” Hunter smiled. “Want pawtograph?”
“Um, later, definitely later,” Mom was smiling now.
“Good song?” Hunter asked.
“It was the best song ever written,” Mom reached into Hunter’s cage and gave him a noserub.
“OK, how I get paid?” Hunter questioned.
“Well it sounds like you want food, from what you just sang anyways,” Mom said.
“Perfect, food please” Hunter flopped again, happily humming his song while waiting from Mom to return with food.

E-READER EXCITEMENT
Mom left her e-reader on the little side table when she went into the kitchen.
Hunter had been laying underneath said table.
And he was very curious as to what an e-reader actually did.
Hunter stretched, and the periscoped to see if he could view the e-reader.
Sure enough, there it was.
“Come to Doodles,” he whispered.
Sure enough he was able to nose the item to the edge of the table and it dropped to the floor, the cover flopped open.
Hunter nosebonked it.
Nothing happened.
“What’s so interesting …” Hunter wondered, Mom could spend hours staring at it.
Hunter sniffed the screen and it lit up!
Hunter hopped back.
Mom was still in the kitchen so he was going to continue to investigate.
Hunter bonked the screen and it advanced to the next page.
He did it again.
And again.
“Oh, fun!” Hunter binkied and then went back to nosebonking the screen.
He was doing so when Mom came back into the living room.
“Doodles … what are you doing?” Mom asked.
“Reading,” he replied, not looking up from the screen, still nosebonking it.
“Is it a good book?” Mom smiled as she sat down.
“Great book,” Hunter was still focused on advancing the pages.
And then he reached the end.
He flopped.
“Are you alright?” Mom questioned and reached down to pet him.
“Reading exhausting,” Hunter sighed.
Mom smiled, retrieved her e-reader and went back to enjoying her book.

DETECTIVE DOODLES: VAMPIRE HUNTER
The bunnies had noticed a change in Mom’s habits as of late and Detective Doodles was bound and determined to find out what was going on … just in case it affected their treat schedule!
“Hoomom’ sleeps all day now,” Hunter said.
Ruger nodded. “And she always leaves when it’s dark out.”
“She only wears black when she leaves at night…” Zoomer added.
The Rex rabbit took a deep breath. “Gotta find out what’s going on.”
Hunter chewed on his cage till Dad let him out to run around.
“Thanks,” Hunter hopped past Dad, not even stopping for a pet.
Dad shrugged, figuring Hunter was on a mission for treats and Mom was in the kitchen already.
Hunter peeked around the corner, he saw that Mom was looking for something in the fridge.
She pulled out a jar of pickles and opened it up.
Dad joined her in the kitchen.
Mom bit into a pickle and made a face. “Wow, these are all yours. Way too much garlic.”
Hunter’s eyes grew large.
Mom wandered into the living room and picked up what looked like a mirror, She was looking through it intently.
“Hmmm, writing sure is small these days on some packages,” Mom put it down.
Hunter shivered … he was able to see right through the mirror when Mom held it up … she had no reflection …
Hunter hurried back to the Rabbit Room.
“Hoomom’ is a vampire!!” and he hopped back into his cage.
Ruger and Zoomer stared at him as Hunter explained vampires and no reflection and not eating garlic and all of their previous observations.
“This is horrible!” Zoomer was stressed.
“Does Dad know?” Ruger was frantic. Dad was his favourite hoomin!
Mom heard the commotion in the Bunny Room and had to check it out.
She wandered in with a glass of cranberry juice in her hand.
The three bunnies hopped to the farthest corners of their cages.
“What’s wrong?” Mom asked.
“You’re a …” Hunter started to say.
“Umpire,” Ruger interjected.
“Ya … you know, fore! Or five or six … some sort of counting … but not like Count Dracula… sports counting …” Zoomer babbled.
Mom sat on the floor. “OK, umpires are for baseball, fore is for golf and how does Count Dracula fit into all of this?”
Hunter gulped. “Vampire.”
Mom nodded, waiting for more of an explanation.
The bunnies stared at her again.
“Seriously,” Mom sighed. “You three think I’m a vampire?”
Three bunnies nodded.
“You need to explain how you came to this conclusion,” Mom said.
And so the bunnies did.
Mom listened intently and then set their minds at ease. “I started a new job, night shift so I have to sleep during the day. I have to wear black clothes to work. That was a magnifying glass, not a mirror. This is cranberry juice and I don’t like pickles that have a lot of garlic. I’m not a vampire or a umpire either.”
Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger looked relieved.
“Are we good?” Mom asked.
“A treat would be good…” Zoomer said.
Mom laughed. “I expect that from Hunter, not you. Treats all around and then I am going to take a nap.”

DON’T DOUBT DOODLES
“Wow! That’s awesome,” Zoomer periscoped.
Hunter bowed. “Thanks.”
“What else can you tell us?” Ruger asked.
Hunter closed his eyes and scrunched his nose. “I see Hoomins in our room.”
Mom and Dad wandered in.
Ruger and Zoomer’s mouths fell open.
“Amazing!” Ruger applauded.
“What’s amazing?” Dad asked.
“Hunter can tell the future!” Zoomer binkied.
Mom and Dad exchanged looks.
“And what do you see in the future?” Dad asked.
Hunter closed his eyes, scrunched his nose. “I see you do not believe Doodles.”
Dad laughed. “He is good.”
Hunter glared at Dad.
“Oops, sorry,” Dad mumbled.
Mom sat beside Hunter’s cage. “What else do you see?”
Eyes closed, nose scrunched.
“Noserubs,” Hunter said.
Mom laughed and scratched his nose.
“Bunny flops,” Hunter added.
Three bunnies flopped over.
Dad rolled his eyes and Mom smiled.
Hunter continued to predict. “Treats … lots and lots of treats …”
Mom laughed out loud. “You can have a treat, one for each of you.”
Dad sighed. “I guess he can tell the future.”
“Don’t doubt Doodles!” Hunter grinned.

HAWAIIAN HUNTER
It was earlier than normal when Mom wandered into the Bunny Room where she kept her clothes in their closet.
Hunter was wide awake and honed in right away on what Mom was wearing.
“Stunning!’ Hunter binkied.
Mom rubbed her eyes and stared at her Rex rabbit friend.
“Fashionista in the room,” Hunter carried on.
Mom sighed. “It’s Hawaiian shirt day at work.”
“Favourite PJ pants, comfy socks, you got it all going on,” Hunter loved PJ pants.
“You thinking I’m stunning and I think you are stunned,” Mom said. “The PJ pants and socks are not part of my ensemble for work today.”
“So sad,” Hunter shook his head.
Mom changed into a pair of dress pants and black socks.
Hunter was relieved to see the Hawaiian shirt remained.
He cleared his throat. “Um, Mom …. bunny sized cool shirt?”
“I’m sorry Hunter I don’t have a Hawaiian shirt for you.”
Hunter frowned. “When you get home, we look online … I need Hawaiian shirt …. I will be Hawaiian Hunter!”
“And I will be late of we keep discussing a shirt that may not even exist,” Mom petted Hunter and then Zoomer and Ruger, they assured her they didn’t want a Hawaiian shirt.
Mom smiled.
“I be waiting for you!!”Hunter promised.
Now Mom laughed out loud. Hunter is a very determind bunny when it comes to things he wants …

4:30 FEEDING FRENZY
Mom yawned, rolled over and looked at the clock.
4:30 A.M.
She could hear a bunny pacing.
That meant one thing … somebun wanted food.
Mom slowly got out of bed and wandered to the Bunny Room..
She turned on the light and saw Ruger standing on his back legs, paws up against the corner of his cage where his pellets were.
“I need food,” Ruger stated and sat down.
Hunter and Zoomer were snoozing still.
“I figured,” Mom yawned again.
Ruger was wide awake. “Um, where’s Dad?”
“Really?” Mom asked. “It’s 4:30 am.”
Ruger stared at her.
“He is sleeping, like I was,” Mom replied.
“Oh,” Ruger was disappointed. “He’s my hoomin’. I love him so much.”
Mom put pellets in Ruger’s cage. “I know.”
“But you are ok too,” Ruger assured her. “Even though you steal our poop.”
“Yes there is that issue,” Mom agreed.
Mom looked in Zoomer and Hunter’s cages to make sure they had enough hay and pellets and would let her sleep.
“All good, Jellybean?” Mom asked Ruger.
“Thanks, tell Dad I miss him,” Ruger nodded.
Mom smiled and promised she would … when Dad woke up.

ALL ABOUT AUTHORS
Hunter hopped out to the living room to find Mom working on the computer.
“Doing?” the Rex rabbit asked.
“Borrowing some books from the library,” Mom replied.
“Books?” Hunter questioned.
Mom nodded. “You know how much I like to read.”
“Lots of books,” Hunter flopped beside Mom’s chair.
Then he heard Mom starting to type.
“Now?”
Mom smiled. “Writing a new blog for your bunnies.”
Hunter binkied and then paused.
“I write?”
Mom stared at the bunny.
“I write a book,” Hunter said. “Doodles author.”
Mom sighed.
“Computer please,” Hunter started to hop around Mom’s feet.
She know he wouldn’t stop till he got what he wanted.
Mom sat beside Doodles and the bunny prepared to type.
Little paws pushed on the keys.
A minute passed.
Hunter sat down and then flopped.
“Hard work, all done, bestseller for sure,” he declared.
“Can you read it to me?” Mom asked.
“Sure!” Hunter hopped back up. “A book. By Hunter Doodles. The End.”
He looked at Mom for approval.
“Best story every,” Mom petted the bunny’s head. “I think my bestselling author and his friends need a treat.”
Hunter binkied to the Bunny Room to share the news with Zoomer and Ruger.

DOODLES DOPPLEGANGER
Hunter’s thumping brought Mom to the Hoomin’s room right away.
“What’s wrong?” Mom asked.
“Another bunny!” Hunter glared at Mom.
“Another bunny, where?” Mom looked around the room.
Hunter hopped back in front of a mirror that was leaning up against the wall and looked at it and then at Mom. “Right there!”
Mom smiled. “That’s you.”
“Is not, I am right here,” Hunter thought Mom was losing it.
“That’s your reflection. I know that mirror isn’t usually there but haven’t you seen your reflection before?” Mom asked.
Hunter was nosebonking the mirror, hopping left and right, looking at himself. “Reflection, I don’t know…but I do know I am adorable! Look how cute I am!”
Mom shook her head as Hunter posed.
Then he saw his tail.
“Oh my gosh!” he actually made his tail wag. “Awesomest tail ever!!!”
Dad entered the room and saw Hunter admiring himself. “Dare I ask?”
“First time seeing his reflection,” Mom whispered. “First time realizing how cool his tail is.”
Dad sighed. “You’ve created a monster…”
Mom went to move the mirror.
“Uh uh, no way,” Hunter put his paws on the frame. “You have later, gotta watch my tail for bit longer.”
Mom sighed and Dad nodded, leaving Hunter with his new found hobby.

THE GAG AT GRANDPA’S
Mom sat down in the Rabbit Room and looked at the three bunnies. “I know you are upset I cut back on your treats but that doesn’t mean you can move to Grandpa’s.”
“Yes, we can,” Zoomer said.
“Grandpa loves us,” Hunter added.
“And we love him,” Ruger told Mom. “And he gives us treats.”
Mom sighed loudly. “Grandpa gives you treats when he visits because your Dad and I let him. And where are you going to stay at Grandpa’s?”
“In Uncle’s rooms,” Hunter said.
“You’re just gonna move into your Uncle’s rooms?” Mom asked.
“Yeah, with all the other animals that live in their rooms,” Zoomer replied.
“Oh that’s just a joke we have,” Mom told the bunnies. “Your Uncle’s don’t have animals that live in their rooms.”
The three bunnies stared at her.
“You tell us a fib?” Hunter was shocked.
“No, we didn’t tell you a fib. It’s a joke I have with your Uncles. I keep telling them they need pets or Grandpa needs a pet, and they pets should live in their rooms. There are no animals in Grandpa’s house,” Mom assured the bunnies.
“Then there’s lots of room for us,” Ruger said.
Mom shook her head no. “You are not moving to Grandpa’s.”
“I bet Grandpa would let us move in,” Zoomer mumbled. “I cannot believe there are no animals in Grandpa’s house.”
“There are no animals at Grandpa’s except the wild animals that live outside. Believe me, I have been asking for a horse long enough, and there are stables there, if there are going to be any animals it would be my horse,” Mom said.
“Maybe Uncles are Grandpa’s favourites!” Hunter speculated.
Mom frowned.
“We are his favourite bunnies,” Ruger smiled.
“Yes, you are, I agree with you on that,” Mom said.
“Treat please?” Hunter asked.
Mom sighed. “If I give you a treat now, can we assume the conversation of you three moving to Grandpa’s is closed?”
Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger looked at each other, and in unison replied. “Yes!”
The bunnies got a treat and Mom got a break from explaining the gag at Grandpa’s!

THE RETIRED RABBIT
“I work with you?” Hunter asked Mom.
“I don’t think you would like working,” Mom replied.
Hunter sighed. “I try?”
“OK, we can pretend to do my job here at home,” Mom knew her Rex rabbit would not give up until he had the chance to do what he wanted.
Hunter binkied.
“I stock shelves,” Mom told Hunter.
He stared at her.
“I put food on shelves,” Mom said.
“Food! I like food,” Hunter smiled.
Mom took some boxes and cans out of the cupboards and placed them on the floor. “We will put these on the lower shelves so you can help me.”
Hunter nodded.
Mom knelt on the floor and Hunter pushed a box towards her. “Thanks and now it goes on the shelf.”
Hunter pushed a small can towards Mom and then another box. They went on the shelf too. Mom waited for the bunny to send something else her way.
“Hunter, next item, please.”
Nothing.
Mom turned around and saw the rabbit flopped over.
“What are you doing?” she questionned.
“Break time,” Hunter stretched.
“Not yet it’s not,” Mom replied. “We get a break after an hour and a half.”
Hunter stared at Mom.
“You’ve been working for 2 minutes and 17 seconds,” she told Hunter.
“Food time?” he whispered.
“When we take a break you can have food,” Mom said.
“How long you work?”
Mom smiled. “An eight hour shift.”
“Wow, sounds like long time …” Hunter sighed. “I am tired like Grandpa.”
Mom was confused. “Grandpa is tired?”
Hunter nodded. “He not working, takes naps!”
Mom laughed. “I think you mean retired and Grandpa worked a lot of years before he retired and can take naps.”
“YEARS?!” Hunter’s mouth fell open.
“It’s alright, I don’t expect you to work years. You did good,” Mom petted Hunter’s head. “Let’s get you, Zoomer and Ruger some treats.”
“Awesome!” and Hunter binkied to the Bunny Room while Mom got the treats :)

HOSPITABLE HUNTER
The bunny’s ear perked up. They knew that voice.
“Grandpa!” Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger chorused.
Grandpa walked into the Bunny Room and gave his grandbunnies some Romaine lettuce.
“We love you!” the bunnie’s said in unison.
“I love you guys too,” Grandpa gave each bunny a noserub and then went to join the bunny’s Mom in the living room.
Mom and Grandpa were talking when they heard Hunter chewing on his cage.
“Guess he wants to hang out with us,” Mom went and opened Doodle’s cage.
Hunter binkied out and sat beside Grandpa.
“Hi!” Hunter said to Grandpa.
“Hello, Doodles,” Grandpa petted the Rex rabbit.
“You want a treat?” Hunter asked.
“I just had lunch before I came over, so no treats right now, but thank you,” Grandpa said.
Hunter listened to the hoomins talking.
“Like a drink?” Hunter questioned.
Not wanting to disappoint Hunter the host. “That would be great, thank you.”
Hunter hopped over and nosebonked Mom’s ankle. “Water bowl for Grandpa please.”
Mom smiled. “I think Grandpa may prefer a cup or glass of water.”
Hunter looked to Grandpa for approval.
Grandpa nodded.
“That’s good, glass please,” Hunter confirmed.
Mom got a glass of water for her Dad.
Hunter hopped beside Grandpa.
As the visit went on, Mom could see Hunter was getting tired.
“Nap?” Hunter asked Grandpa.
“We don’t nap when someone is visitng,” Mom said. “And visitors don’t nap either.”
“Oh,” Hunter was trying not to yawn.
Mom was trying not to smile.
“But if you need to nap, that’s alright with me,” Grandpa said to Doodles.
“Oh thank you,” Hunter sighed and flopped over, out like a light.
Mom and Grandpa both yawned.
“Well I guess I will head home and take a nap too,” Grandpa said quietly so he didn’t wake up Doodles.
Mom and Grandpa said goodbye and Mom went to take a nap too!

HUNTER’S HALLOWEEN HORROR
“Hoppy Halloween, dearest bunnies!” Mom greeted Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger.
The bunnies returned the greeting.
“How are we celebrating?” Zoomer asked.
“Oh you know, we’ll tell scary stories, maybe watch a scary movie,” Mom replied.
“Don’t we trick-or-treat on Halloween?” Ruger periscoped.
Mom paused. “Yes … human children go door-to-door and ask for candy, or treats, or tricks …”
“We hop room to room for treats,” Hunter smiles.
Mom sighed. “Yes, that’s what we usually do.”
“Are we not doing that this year?” Zoomer asked.
“Something better?” Ruger was excited.
“More treats???” Hunter was practically floating with happiness.
Mom took a deep breath. “I, um, forgot to get treats for your room to room trick or treating…”
Three bunnies eyes grew large, they looked at each other and then glared at Mom.
“It’s a day devoted to hoomin’s asking strangers for treats! And our hoomin’s forget to get treats!” Zoomer thumped.
“Bet Grandpa has treats,” Ruger mumbled.
“You know he does,” Hunter nodded.
“I’m so sorry,” Mom apologized.
“Stores open?” Hunter mumbled.
“They are,” Mom replied.
“See you when you get back,” Zoomer laid down.
“Gotcha,” Mom sighed. “I guess I owe you guys, anything in particular you want?”
“Treats!” Hunter thumped. “Lots and lots of treats!”
And off to the store Mom went.
That evening Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger hopped room to room and got their well deserved treats.
It was a Hoppy Halloween for all!

THE BARKING BUNNY
Mom walked into the Bunny Room and saw Ruger sitting beside the pellet container.
“Good morning, bunnies,” Mom declared.
She reached for the pellet container.
“Bark, bark,” Ruger hopped up and blocked Mom.
Mom paused and looked at Ruger.
She tried again to retrieve the container.
“Bark, um, bark and growl,” Ruger said, trying to sound fierce.
Mom sighed. “It’s early.”
Hunter and Zoomer yawned and stretched simultaneously.
“Ruger, what are you doing?” Mom folded her arms across her chest.
The bunny scrunched up his nose. “Protecting our pellets.”
“I’m going to top up your food,” Mom said.
“How do I know you aren’t trying to steal them?” Ruger questioned.
“Why would I steal your pellets?”
“Good food,” Hunter replied. “Pellets better than your food.”
Mom shrugged. “Yeah that’s it, you figured it out…”
“I knew it!” Ruger hopped around Mom’s feet. “Growl and bark!!”
Mom recalled how Ruger had previously thought he was a cow and moo’d at her. “I get it, you’re a guard bunny.”
Zoomer rolled his eyes. “No kidding.”
“No need to bark or growl at me,” Mom assured Ruger. “You let me know when you need food and will let me get the pellet container and I will come back.”
The three bunnies looked at each other.
“Need food!!” Hunter was on his back legs.
“I can see the floor of my cage,” Zoomer added.
“No more guard bunny!!” Ruger nosebonked Mom.
Mom laughed and gave the bunnies their food.

SCRAPBOOK SESSIONS (RUGER STYLE)
“What are you doing?” Ruger asked.
“I’m working on your scrapbook, well, actually starting your scrapbook,” Mom replied.
Ruger stared at her.
Mom explained.
“I remember helping Mom with my scrapbook,” Zoomer smiled. “It was a great afternoon of bunny-hoomin bonding.”
Mom nodded, remembering helping Zoomer remove many stickers from his fur.
“When do we start?” Ruger binkied in his cage.
“Oh, I guess now,” Mom opened her youngest bunny’s cage.
Ruger followed Mom out to the living room and spread her supplies on the floor.
Ruger nosebonked the stickers and paper and album. “All this for me?”
“Yep, believe it or not, I started Hunter’s five years ago and am still working on it,” Mom sighed. “I’m hoping if I start yours I will be inspired to finish both.”
Ruger hopped around Mom. “What do we do first?”
“Stop hoppimg, you are making me dizzy,” Mom laughed.
Mom took out all of the pictures she had printed.
“Who is that?” Ruger questioned.
“That’s you,” Mom said.
“I’m adorable!” Ruger bnkied. “Look at my dots!”
“Your dots are very photogenic,” Mom agreed.
Mom started to work. She selected the pictures and paper. Then it was time to add the details.
Ruger watched while Mom added stickers and glitter to the pages.
Mom inserted the two pages into the album. “I feel accomplished.”
When she turned back to where her supplies were, Ruger was sitting on a page.
“What are you doing?” Mom questioned.
“I’m ready to be scrapbooked,” Ruger declared.
“Pardon?”
The bunny looked at Mom. “Let’s scrapbook me!”
“I can’t do that. I can’t put you in an album,” Mom said.
Ruger looked devestated.
“But…I guess…you can help me with a page…” Mom offered.
Ruger’s eyes lit up and he hopped off the paper.
Ruger picked up the picture he wanted to work on and placed it on the page.
He used his nose to position it.
“Perfect,” Mom said.
“Let’s decorate!!” Ruger was so excited.
Two hours later …
“I think my picture looks great right there..” the bunny concluded, the photo was the only item on the page so far.
Mom yawned. “Are you sure this time?”
Ruger nodded. “Let’s decorate!!”
Mom sighed.
Ruger nosebonked the sticker he wanted to start with.
Another two hours passed …
“Definitely there,” Ruger said.
No respsonse from Mom.
Ruger nosebonked Mom’s foot.
Mom woke up. “What? Are we done?”
“No, you fell asleep. I can’t do this alone!” Ruger thumped.
Mom yawned and stretched. “I think we need a break. We can work on this again, maybe next week.”
“Good idea,” Ruger actually agreed. “That gives me a lot of time to plan where to put that sticker.”
Mom laughed, hoping the bunny could decide on the set sticker location in a weeks time.

HOLIDAYS WITH HUNTER
“That’s not how it works,” Mom sighed.
“Change it,” Ruger suggested.
“We can’t,” Mom replied.
“Why not?” Zoomer asked.
“It’s literally been like this for hundreds of years,” Mom said.
“Wanna meet Santa Paws,” Hunter pouted.
“You can’t meet Santa Paws, that’s part of the magic of Christmas,” Mom explained.
“We’ll stay up all night,” Ruger stated.
And Hunter flopped over.
“Good luck with that,” Mom smiled.
“Pre-meeting Santa Paws nap,” Hunter yawned.
“It’s two o’clock in the afternoon,” Mom said.
“I take lots of pre-pre-naps,” Hunter stretched.
Mom sat on the floor in front of the cages. “You bunnies just have to accept the fact that you cannot meet Santa Paws.”
“Can you accept that we are actually in charge?” Zoomer asked.
Mom sighed.
“Then we are meeting Santa Paws tonight!” Zoomer declared.
Ruger nodded in agreement and Hunter snored.
Mom left the Bunny Room wondering what that night would bring.
Hours later …
“Merry Christmas Eve, bunnies. Dad and I are off to bed,” Mom peeked in the Rabbit Room. “Good night, sweet dreams.”
“We have to sleep to dream,” Zoomer replied. “We aren’t sleeping till we meet Santa Paws.”
Mom just smiled and was off to bed.
In the morning, Mom and Dad went in to wish the bunnies a Merry Christmas.
Mom pointed to the small plastic Christmas tree in the corner. More specifically to the three small brightly wrapped gifts under the tree.
“Where did those come from?” Mom asked.
Dad shrugged.
“Uh, Santa Paws,” Hunter rolled his eyes.
Mom and Dad looked at each other.
“You met Santa Paws?” Dad questionned.
Zoomer, Hunter and Ruger all nodded.
“What’s he like?” Mom was curious.
“We can’t tell you, that’s part of the magic of Christmas,” Zoomer smiled.
Mom and Dad laughed and enjoyed their Christmas with the bunnies.

DEAR DOODLES
Mom could hear the bunnies talking so she wandered into their room to see what the commotion was.
“That’s great, thank you, Hunter,” Ruger exclaimed.
“Whatcha doing?” Mom asked.
“Working on my column,” Hunter replied.
“Your column?” Mom’s eyes widened.
“Advice column,” Hunter said. ‘‘Dear Doodles.”
Mom scratched her head. “You have an advice column?”
“It’s really helpful,” Ruger vouched.
“My turn,” Zoomer declared. “Dear Doodles, I have been with my family for almost 10 years now and my hoomin still does not clean my cage properly. I still have to arrange the bedding to the proper position … after 10 years! What can I do?”
“Really?” Mom folded her arms across her chest.
“Really,” Zoomer confirmed.
Hunter sighed. “Wow. OK, Dear Has A Hopeless Hoomin….”
“I am not hopeless,” Mom tried to defend herself.
Ruger and Zoomer shushed her so Hunter could continue.
Hunter cleared his throat. “Dear Has A Hopeless Hoomin’, sorry for your stress. Hoomin’s can be hard to train, even after 10 years. Keep fixing bedding and remember, they is only a hoomin. Need to have patience sometimes, thanks for your contribution.”
“My turn,” Mom said. “Dear Doodles, I have 3 bunnies that do not seem to appreciate my cage cleaning abilities. What can I do?”
“Hoomins’…” Hunter sighed again. “Dear Clueless Cage Cleaner, always do as bunnies want. They are always right.”
“Wow that’s harsh,” Mom shook her head.
“Harsh is no treat after advice,” Hunter corrected.
Mom put her hands up in surrender. “OK, OK, treats coming up as long as there is no more advice…”
“Nope, just treats,” Hunter smiled.

THE SANDWICH SITUATION
Hunter heard Mom moving around the apartment.
He hopped out of his cage and decided to investigate.
Mom was in the kitchen.
Hunter’s favourite room!
“Whatcha doing?” Hunter periscoped.
“Trying to deicde what to have for lunch,” Mom replied.
Hunter smiled. “Lunch. Food!”
“Hmm,” Mom nodded.
“What we having?” Hunter sat down near her feet.
Mom smiled. “I think I will have a sandwich.”
“Sammich,” Hunter said. “Good choice.”
“I’m having a sandwich, you are not,” Mom answered.
Hunter thumped. “I love sammiches.”
“You’ve never had one,” Mom reached down to pet his head.
“Good day to try one,” Hunter was determined to have lunch.
“You cannot have a sandwich,” Mom sighed. “Sandwiches have bread. You cannot eat bread.”
“Just bread?” Hunter scrunched up his nose.
Mom then had to explain the concept of sandwishches.
“Anything on it?” Hunter marveled.
“Yes I guess people can have anything they want on their sandwich.”
Hunter smiled. “Nanners?”
“Oh boy, yes, people can have banana on their sandwich.”
“I have a nanner sandwich, no bread,” Hunter placed his order.
“That’s not a sandwich, that’s just a piece of banana,” Mom said.
Hunter binkied. “Nanner sammich, Hunter-style.”
Mom knew there was no sense even attempting to dissaude Hunter so she sliced up a banana and gave him a piece and then went to give Zoomer and Ruger their lunch too.

PRODUCE PROCLAMATION
Whem Mom got home from work, she sat down on the couch.
Hunter had been touring the apartment and hopped up to join her.
“Busy day?” he asked.
Mom nodded.
“Rest time?” Hunter stretched out beside her.
Mom nodded again.
Hunter’s nose started to twitch.
He sniffed Mom. “You smell nice. You smell like …”
Long pause, Mom stared at Doodles.
“Like food!” he hopped up. “Smell like food!”
Mom sighed.
“Where you been?”
“At work,” Mom replied.
“Work with food?!” Hunter was in awe.
“I work in the produce department,” Mom answered.
“Produce is food?” Hunter stared at her. “Nanners, lettuce, carrots … you work with those?”
“Yes, I do,” Mom admitted.
“How long?” Hunter demanded to know.
“A few months now,” Mom said.
“Dad knows?”
Mom sighed again. “Of course Dad knows where I work.”
“You no tell bunnies,” he was indignant.
Mom smiled. “Well you know now.”
“Gonna tell Ruger,” Hunter said. “Need treats, please. Shocking news.”
Mom reached over to pet the Rex rabbit who was in full-on Doodles Drama mode. “I can tell you are deeply distressed by this. You go break the news to Ruger and I will bring you a treat.”
That seemed to appease Hunter and off he went to share his news with Ruger as they awaited their well-deserved treats.

GETTING GRANDPA
Mom came around the corner and heard Hunter and Ruger talking.
“Yep, bop and flop,” Hunter said.
“And then birdies show up?” Ruger asked.
“Tweet, tweet, tweet,” Hunter chirped.
Mom shook her head and walked into the Bunny Room. “Gentleman, what are you talking about?”
The bunnies exchanged looks and Hunter replied.
“Grandpa.”
“What about Grandpa?”
“We are going to bop him on the head, he will fall over and birdies will fly around,” Ruger said.
Mom’s eyes got big. “Why are you bopping Grandpa and why do you think birdies are gonna fly around?”
“Uh, want him to stay with us and TV always shows birdies when people get bopped,” Hunter answered.
“OK, no boppping anyone and everything you see on TV isn’t real,” Mom said. “If you hit Grandpa on the head he will not be happy. His head will hurt.”
“Oh not good,” Hunter sighed.
“Grandpa visit us soon?” Ruger questionned.
Mom nodded. “As soon as he can. And when he does, you aren’t going to bop him.”
“No bopping,” Hunter and Ruger agreed.
“Treats?” Hunter asked.
“Yes, he can give you treats when he visits,” Mom said.
“How about now?” Ruger smiled.
Mom laughed and went to get the bunnies treats, happy that no one was getting bopped!

GETTING GRANDPA - A SECOND ATTEMPT
“And then blanket falls,” Hunter concluded.
Ruger smiled. “And then we keep him.”
“And who are we keeping?” Mom asked as she walked into the Bunny Room.
Hunter sighed. “Ears everywhere.”
Mom raised an eyebrow.
“No bopping,” Hunter assured her.
“And no birdies either,” Ruger added. “And I really wanted to see birdies.”
Hunter nodded and sighed dramatically.
“Who. Are. We. Keeping?” Mom was getting grouchy.
“Grandpa,” the bunnies replied.
Mom smacked her hand on her forehead and sat down. “We already discussed this.”
“No bopping,” Hunter repeated.
“That’s great you aren’t going to hit my father on the head but you cannot grandpa-nap him, you cannot hold him here against his will, it’s illegal,” Mom stressed.
“Maybe he want to stay with us,” Hunter said.
“And he might, but Grandpa does have his own home,” Mom said. “You should ask him, not try to trap him.”
“Makes sense,” Hunter nodded.
“I guess we could ask him,” Ruger agreed.
“Now you cannot be upset if he says no. Grandpa has his own house and stuff he has to do but I am sure he will visit as often as he can,” Mom assured them.
That seemed to appease the bunnies.
But Mom knew better and went to get the bunnies a treat … and who knows what plot she might overhear Hunter and Ruger planning next …

