Spoiled Alicia 2





By
James Starvoice
© 2021 James Starvoice
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, 
without prior written permission of the author. 
ISBN-13:  9798549973411

CONTENTS

Title
Copyrights
Contents
Disclaimer
Chapter 01: Alicia & Visitor
Chapter 02: Alicia & Ultimatum
Chapter 03: Alicia & Conspirators
Chapter 04: Alicia & Peace Negotiations
Chapter 05: Alicia & War
Chapter 06: Alicia & Guest
Chapter 07: Alicia & Dance
Chapter 08: Alicia & the Emissary of Evil
Chapter 09: Alicia & Pet
Chapter 10: Alicia & Financial Trouble
Chapter 11: Alicia & New Conspiracies
Chapter 12: Alicia & the Tower of Mysteries
Chapter 13: Alicia & Spy
Chapter 14: Alicia & Income Equality
Chapter 15: Alicia & the Giving Pledge
Chapter 16: Alicia & Memorial Day
Chapter 17: Alicia & Trade Negotiations
Chapter 18: Alicia & Coup
Thank You!
Contact


disclaimer


The story, all names, characters, and 
incidents portrayed in this production are fictitious. No identification with actual persons (living or deceased), places, buildings, and products is 
intended or should be inferred.








 
Chapter 1

Alicia & Visitor


Humming a joyful tune, snapping her fingers in the air, and balancing a basket full of bricks of butter against her hip like she did every day, Olga rounded a corner and entered the market.
She was surprised to see Mr. Kunibert working on his shop with so much enthusiasm, so early in the morning.
The large table Olga was accustomed to seeing in front of his shop had been removed, chicken cages had been thrown out, old shelves had been knocked down and were being replaced with new ones that Mr. Kunibert—standing on a stool—busily hammered to the walls.
“Good morning, Mr. Kunibert!”
He looked over his shoulder, nails in his mouth. “Oh, Olga, good morning. How’s Diedrich?”
In response, she showed him the key to Diedrich’s chastity belt, which hung from a leather cord around her neck. “Safe and sound.” Olga grinned. “What are you doing?”
“As you see, I’m preparing my shop.”
“Oh!” Her smile shined and she asked, “Did the castle lift the ban on chickens and eggs at last?”
“No, they didn’t.”
“Then what?”
Mr. Kunibert came down to get another shelf. “Well, unlike other chicken shops seem to have, I don’t have much savings for a rainy day. I can’t afford to sit idle and wait for the castle to tell me when I can resume my business. So, last night while I was thinking about that, a rat snuck into our kitchen and scared the hell out of my wife. She ran screaming, tea pot in hand, and almost tumbled over the furniture—”
“Goodness!” Olga’s hand flew to her chest.
“I know, right? It’s been years since one was seen near our house. Mrs. Kunibert can’t stand the sight of them.”
“Me neither. I’m easily scared by rats. But what does that have to do with what you’re doing?”
“Ah! Yes. About that. While I was setting a rat trap that I made years ago, it suddenly came to me: since I’m so good at making these things, why not make a business out of it?”
“So, you’re changing your business to…”
“That’s right: rodent control!” He laughed aloud. “There’s not a single competitor in town. How did I not see the opportunity all these years? I’ll make a fortune!”
“That’s the spirit, Mr. Kunibert! Be fluid like water.”
“Of course.” He stepped down, wiping sweat off his forehead. “What’s more,” he pointed towards the castle with his hammer, “things seem to have calmed down, and none of the trouble we feared might happen has occurred since Spoiled Alicia took over her father’s castle. Business will be blooming again in no time.”
Olga cracked a laugh.
“What?” he asked.
She said, still laughing, “Alicia took over the castle? Mr. Kunibert, you’re so funny.”
Mr. Kunibert waved his arms. “What are you laughing at? There was a ceremony and everything. It was a coup. The real deal.”
She only laughed harder, one hand on her belly.
“Young lady, haven’t you been paying attention to what’s going on around you? We’re all Spoiled Alicia’s subjects now.”
“Mr. Kunibert! Stop, stop! Please, no more. My basket will fall off!”
“It’s not a joke. I’m being serious. Sure, I was as confused as everybody else in the beginning, but then my reliable source assured me it’s all real: Spoiled Alicia took over her father’s throne. Lord Ludwig has been toppled. And the castle was in turmoil for days.”
Pulling herself together, Olga said with a wide smile, “Please don’t tell me you actually fell for that nonsense. Mr. Kunibert, get real.”
“What, were you asleep through it all? What else do you think could have happened?”
“Come on, now. The whole thing was just a show,” said Olga.
“A show?”
“Yes. Clearly, her father gifted the castle to his beloved Alicia—that’s all.”
“Who in the world gives away castles?” Mr. Kunibert yelled.
“Why not? She’s the apple of his eye, isn’t she?”
“Well, um…”
“And what difference does it make? He’s got a dozen more.”
Mr. Kunibert scratched his head. “You think that’s what it was?”
“Of course! It couldn’t be more obvious. Oh my God, that was funny. Imagine: Alicia pull a coup! The castle in turmoil! You made me laugh so hard, I thought I was going to faint.” She laughed some more.
“Well, I guess it’s one possibility, um… Yes. Yes, I suppose what you’ve said does make more sense.”
“Sure it does. Read between the lines, Mr. Kunibert, and don’t believe everything you’re told. You’re not at that age yet.” She spread her arm towards the castle and said, loud and cheerful, “The whole thing was a play Lord Ludwig himself orchestrated for a reason they’ll never tell, in a business we know nothing about. Trust me when I tell you that nothing has changed, it never will change, and everything at the castle is as fiiine as it can be.”
***
It was anything but fine at Alicia’s castle. 
Mr. Weber and Mr. Meyer raced down the stairs when they heard the news of the unexpected returnee. They shouted as soon as they caught sight of him: “Mr. Schroder!”
“Mr. Schroder, sir!”
Mr. Schroder, head of the council, was an old man in his sixties with an unpleasant—almost angry—facial expression, his hair a pure gray, and his Mutton chops there to stay. His towering height and long coat helped to conceal his exploding belly.
Mr. Schroder and Mr. Kruger (the captain of his guards) turned towards the two councilors when they saw them coming.
Mr. Meyer sounded as desperate as a man welcoming a savior as he announced, “Mr. Schroder, we’re so glad you’re back. Our chests are overwhelmed with warmth to see you again. And you, Mr. Kruger, you look great. I trust you had a safe journey.” 
Mr. Weber hastily shook Mr. Schroder’s hand. “What a joy to see you back in the castle of our lord, what a joy indeed. A most stupendous surprise.”
“In the castle of our lord, you say, hey?” Mr. Schroder raised an eyebrow as he responded, his attitude cold and clouded with suspicion. “Mr. Weber. Mr. Meyer. I must say that I’ve heard something much, much different on my way here.”
The two feigned ignorance. “Different? I don’t see anything different. Do you see any difference?”
“What difference?”
“A good difference?”
“Alas,” Mr. Schroder raised his hand, silencing them, “that can wait a moment. For now, there is something I’m dying to know: Mr. Weber, Mr. Meyer, do you mind me asking why Mr. Kruger and I are being followed by two maids? And why are the maids armed?”
“Maids? What maids?” Mr. Weber anxiously leaned sideways to look at the maids behind the newcomers as though he had not noticed them yet. “Oh! Those maids. That’s nothing, really. No need to think too much of it.”
Mr. Meyer added, “That’s just…um… Ah! That’s just a promising, bold and progressive idea that Lady Alicia had the other day. It’s a very funny story, actually. You see, she thought she’d try and see if establishing a unit of female guards for her quarters might work better than the ones she already has. Just like the French.”
“Exactly!” Mr. Weber quickly chimed in. “Yes, exactly like the French. Oh, what a widespread social influence those people have. It’s astounding how fast their radical ideas spread. Isn’t that right, Mr. Meyer?”
“Who knows what those onion-lovers will think of next? The point is this: it was Lady Alicia’s humble wish. So, we thought—well, where’s the harm?”
“No harm indeed,” said Mr. Weber.
“It’s still experimental, of course, and we just so happen to have thought that the maids we already have would make a suitable choice to give our lady’s idea a try. You know, anything to keep the daughter of our beloved lord happy.”
“I see,” Mr. Schroder hissed. He produced a piece of paper from his clothes and showed it to them. “And this permit that I had to obtain to enter the castle grounds? You know, the castle, where I am the head of its administrative council!”
Mr. Weber waved his hand in dismissal. “Typical bureaucratic nonsense that can only make life more complicated for our beloved taxpayers.”
“It’s what we do,” Mr. Meyer followed.
“I myself have totally forgot about it. These things pop-up and disappear all the time.”
“It is meant for tracking visitors, if I recall correctly.” 
“Precisely!” said Mr. Weber. “An attempt to improve the castle records. Personally, I was totally against it.”
“And this THING I’m forced to wear?” Mr. Schroder raged, pulling the ends of his coat to reveal his chastity belt.
They froze. Not a single excuse came to mind.
Mr. Meyer said, “That… That might deserve an explanation.”
“Fashionable,” Mr. Weber commented. “Where did you get that?”
“You’re wearing one, too!” Mr. Schroder pointed out.
Mr. Weber laughed. “Well… Oh my, what do I know about fashion? I just go with whatever my tailor tells me. But never mind that now. What really matters is…” He lurched forward suddenly and shook Mr. Schroder with both hands, “Mr. Schroder, when is the lord coming back? WHEN?” His eyes opened wide with insanity, and his voice filled with despair.
“Mr. Weber, mind your manners!” Mr. Schroder yelled as Mr. Kruger forced Mr. Weber off him.
“I’m sorry, I was—”
Mr. Schroder hissed, “I bet you’d love to know that particular information, wouldn’t you?”
“Actually, I do,” Mr. Weber confessed, “but why did you say it like that?”
Mr. Schroder hummed and circled around them. His hands were joined behind his back, and his eyes pierced them like an eagle. Mr. Weber and Mr. Meyer stiffened with nervousness.
He asked slowly, “Do you know why I find myself back here so soon?”
Stiff as a log, Mr. Weber ventured, “You missed us? You’ve always had a big heart.”
Mr. Meyer further guessed, “It’s important to take care of one’s health at a certain age. The road can be quite exhausting.”
“Quite extraordinary news had reached our lord’s ear on his way to Dusseldorf… Truly extraordinary news, Mr. Meyer… News that sounded almost improbable. Well, I certainly hope that’s the case because if it ISN’T,” Mr. Schroder yelled in Mr. Weber’s ear, causing him to jolt, “then it certainly borders the limits of insanity, rather than the limits of treason.”
His face sweaty, Mr. Weber stammered, “I-I-I wonder what news that could be?”
“I have no idea, either,” agreed Mr. Meyer.
“Something about a certain coronation that happened around here recently. Does it ring any bells?” Mr. Schroder glared closely at their faces.
Both men shook their heads.
He resumed, “The word we heard, gentlemen, was that our lord was somehow overthrown in a silent coup. A coronation was held, and it was attended by every…single… one of his loyal nobles and bannermen. A coronation that took place right here, in the very castle he himself had built. A coronation in favor of none other than his own twelve-year-old daughter. And that yoouuu—yes, you two—were present at it as well. Your names were mentioned quite clearly.”
“Oh! That coronation!” Mr. Weber bellowed with a pretended laugh.
Mr. Meyer faked a sigh of relief. “Wooh! You had me doubt myself for a moment.”
“You made it sound like you were talking about a real thing! You’re hilarious, Mr. Schroder, hilarious.”
“You totally got us!”
Mr. Schroder eyed them with a death glare, “Explaaiinnn…”
“That was…that was just a small and lovely tea party Lady Alicia decided to hold. Pure amusement, I assure you. It was no big deal,” said Mr. Weber.
Mr. Meyer followed up: “Lots of young ladies attended with their escorts and fathers, and many of our lady’s friends. There was no way we could keep track of who showed up and who didn’t. But it certainly couldn’t have been all of them. Could it?”
“No, of course not. That would have been ridiculous,” Mr. Weber affirmed. “I doubt that half the invitees had heard the news in time to prepare for it. Oh, it was such a lovely occasion—lots of fun events and young ladies’ games, cakes and fancy desserts. I believe there was a play, too. Isn’t that right, Mr. Meyer?”
“Yes. The one where Lady Alicia wore the crown and all.”
“So, she did wear the crown?” Mr. Schroder groaned like a demon, his eyes reddening with fury. 
Mr. Weber swallowed. “Only for a brief moment. She looked fabulous.”
Mr. Meyer nudged him with his elbow. “Not that we mean she looked fabulous, briefly.”
Mr. Weber snapped, “What? No, no, no, of course not. She looks fabulous all the time.”
“It’s the crown-wearing that was brief.”
“Only for a moment or two.”
“You should have seen it. Little ladies cheering, cannons firing, hands clapping and all of that.”
Mr. Schroder raged, “And there were cannons fired…? Twenty-one shots, I presume?”
Caught in a fib, the two councilors could no longer move a muscle.
Choking with fear, Mr. Weber explained, “We didn’t wish to interrupt their innocent fun with boring rules and bureaucracy.”
Mr. Schroder showed the permit again. “Obviously, you didn’t.” He threw it away and raised his voice. “I demand to see Lady Alicia at once.”
“Of course.” 
“This way, please.”
Chapter 2

Alicia & Ultimatum


“Right this way, sir. This way.”
“I know my way around, thank you,” Mr. Schroder impatiently scolded the two councilors as he entered Alicia’s rose gardens.
Soft music filled the air. Mr. Schroder headed straight towards Alicia, who was strolling through the garden with her relaxation-maids. He called out: “Princess Alicia.”
Alicia hopped with joy. “Mr. Schroder!” She raced to meet him. “Welcome back.”
“What a relief to see you again, my wonderful lady. My thoughts were with you every hour of the—”
“What did you get me?” She excitedly extended her joined palms, expecting a gift.
“Oh, um, yes, about that. I’m afraid I didn’t have the opportunity to do any shopping before I had to hurry back here. I apologize.”
She joined her palms at her heart and said, as sweet as the roses around her, “Oh, that’s okay, Mr. Schroder. Just seeing you again in good health means more than all the gifts in the world to me.”
“Thank you, my lady. The kindness of your tender heart is truly—”
“The door is over there. Thank you for dropping by.” Her tone and smile were still the sweetest, but nothing in the world could have hidden her disappointment. “Oh, and do try not to disturb the butterflies on your way out.”
The four men looked awkwardly at one another as Alicia had already turned her back on them and resumed her rose-sighting, having quickly lost interest in her visitors.
Mr. Schroder cleared his throat. “Princess Alicia.”
She threw a terrifyingly cold “Yes?” over her shoulder.
He approached her cautiously as she delicately traced red roses with the tips of her fingers. “There is something I wish to ask you… Is everything all right?”
“Of course, why shouldn’t it be?”
“Well, shortly after your father and I departed, we heard some things, and they worried us greatly.”
Deep in thought, Alicia looked up to the sky, her index finger to her chin.
“It’s okay, my lady, you can tell me,” Mr. Schroder assured her. “It was your father who sent me.”
She shrugged. “Well, if you must know, there were a few disturbing happenings.”
“Disturbing happenings?”
“Yes, but they were taken care of. So, everything is all right now.” She resumed strolling through the garden.
“Well, um, that’s good, that’s good. May I ask what kinds of things do you mean?” Mr. Schroder followed her while peeking looks over his shoulder at the rest who trailed closely behind them, trying to listen in.
“Oh, God, it was a nightmare. I don’t even know where to begin.”
Trying to keep up with her brisk pace, he whispered, “If you don’t feel comfortable talking about it openly, it’s okay to keep it vague, my lady. So, um, about those disturbing happenings: do I take it that Mr. Meyer and Mr. Weber were involved?”
“Why, yes. And Madam Schneider and Mr. Lang as well.”
“Mr. Lang? The castle guard had a hand in it?”
“Of course, you cannot necessitate anything without a proper force, you know. Oh! I almost forgot—Father Gianni, too.”
“Father Gianni? He took part in what happened?”
“Well, I wouldn’t exactly say he took part, but the church’s blessing was needed. So, Mr. Weber saw to it that Father Gianni fulfilled his role.”
“You mean he was coerced into participating?”
“Mm… I wouldn’t say that, either. No. It was more like he was a little hesitant.”
“I see,” said Mr. Schroder, “and did the matter that needed the church’s blessing involve the castle and our lord?”
“Certainly. The town and surrounding villages, too. So much had to be changed. So much work needed to be done. So, to answer your first question, I shall stress the fact that Mr. Meyer and Mr. Weber were instrumental in enforcing the new reforms.”
His face darkened. “Reforms…?”
“Yes.”
Mr. Schroder stopped. “Princess Alicia.” She spun towards him. “Forgive me, but I must ask you straightforwardly: These reforms you spoke of, did they involve a certain coronation?”
“Of course,” Alicia said with a brilliant smile. “I deposed my father.”
“I see.”
“Well—not that I wanted to. It just had to be done. You know, for the good of my people.”
“Of course.” He winked to assure her that he got the hint. “Everything we do is for the sake of our people.”
“And, if I must add, there was no way I could have done it alone. It was only thanks to everyone’s counsel, loyalty, and support that I became the supreme lady of this castle.”
“My fair lady, I understand your position perfectly.”
***
As Alicia saw Mr. Schroder off with her eyes, she was startled by a feminine shriek coming from behind her back. She spun on her heels to see what was happening. 
One of her relaxation-maids, looking terrified, was hurrying up the stairs of a wooden pavilion. Two other maids whispered among themselves while pointing at something under the shrubbery before they, too, followed the first one.
Curious, Alicia headed towards where the maids were and noticed movement coming from under the hedge. She elegantly folded her skirt under her knees, crouched down, and tilted her head to the side to try to see what had startled them.
Through the leaves and shadows of the hedge, a pair of tiny, glowing yellow eyes stared back at her.
***
Followed closely by the two councilors, Mr. Schroder and Mr. Kruger hurried down the castle stairs to where their coach awaited.
Mr. Weber nervously rubbed his hands together. “I trust you’ve found everything to your liking, Mr. Schroder, sir.”
“Oh, yesss, I see that it really is,” Mr. Schroder said with contained anger. 
“Exactly. It couldn’t be any better.” Mr. Meyer affirmed.
“Excellent observation, as usual, Mr. Schroder. Nothing escapes your perceptive eye. If there’s anything else you wish to inquire about, I’d be more than happy to—”
“Thank you, Mr. Weber,” Mr. Schroder interrupted. “I think I’ve seen enough.”
Mr. Meyer added, “The princess is doing well and in good health, and all matters of the court are running smoothly. Whatever ridiculous contradiction you may have heard is but a groundless rumor.”
“So now, um—not to push the subject or anything—when do you think the lord will be back? A mere estimation will be more than sufficient,” said Mr. Weber.
“We miss him so much.”
Mr. Schroder stopped near the coach and spun to face them. The two councilors jolted to full attention. 
“I have only two things to say at the conclusion of this visit, gentlemen. The first: Do you have any idea how hard I had to beg our lord not to neglect the Dusseldorf meeting—the most important political event of the year—and rush back here to check on his beloved Alicia? Well, do you…? If I hadn’t assured him of my trust in you and offered to return here myself, oh, this day would’ve ended very, very differently for the two of you, believe me. But not to worry, my dear sirs, for here is the second thing I have to say: The lord will be back in his castle much sooner than you think.”
“Well, uh…that’s good. That’s good,” stammered Mr. Weber.
“That’s all we’ve been asking,” said Mr. Meyer.
Mr. Schroder rushed into the coach, slammed the door shut, and left.
***
As soon as the coach started to move, Mr. Kruger asked, “Well?”
Mr. Schroder replied, “I hate to admit it, Mr. Kruger, but it looks like I was wrong.”
“So, it is the worst-case scenario?”
“Yes. I still can’t believe it, but the evidence is as clear as day: Those two sneaky villains have staged a classic coup in the shadows to depose their monarch in favor of an underage heir whom they can easily control.” He let out a heavy sigh. “It horrifies me to say this, Mr. Kruger, but the plain and simple fact is that Lady Alicia is a de facto hostage in their hands.”
“But then, why would they let us see her?” asked Mr. Kruger.
“For the same reason anyone would announce they have a hostage, Mr. Kruger. They were sending us a message. A warning. Or didn’t you see for yourself how we were under gunpoint from our first step to the last? Even the maids around Lady Alicia were armed.” 
“We must inform the lord at once. Such treachery cannot be given time to lay its roots.”
“Not yet, we won’t.”
“But—”
“Relax, Mr. Kruger, relaaax.” Mr. Schroder said with a sly smirk, “We’re going to do much better than that. You and I are going to seize this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to its full potential.”
“What opportunity?”
“Don’t you see? This is the perfect excuse. With Lady Alicia’s safety in question, there’s no time to contact the lord. The urgency of the situation leaves us with no other option but to act swiftly by taking matters into our own hands. For Lady Alicia’s sake, of course. Now, do you understand what I’m getting at?”
“I’m not…entirely…sure.”
“Once we secure the castle under the pretext of rescuing Alicia, we’ll be in a position to dictate our own conditions and yet entirely exonerated from all consequences. The reward of such a venture will be—oh, it will be phenomenal.”
Mr. Kruger yelped, “What are you talking about? I have but ten men under my command, and that is a castle. It will take an army to conquer.”
“But we do have an army, Mr. Kruger. A very formidable one,” Mr. Schroder said with great confidence. “Thanks to the two idiots who orchestrated this coup, we now enjoy perfect legitimacy to act in the name of our lord. All we need to do is summon the lord’s own bannermen, and our army will rise right before our eyes.”
***
“Be safe,” Mr. Weber called out, waving at Mr. Schroder’s coach as it exited the gate.
Mr. Meyer joined his hands at his chest. “You know, Mr. Weber, I just so happen to have overheard some of what Mr. Schroder and Lady Alicia were saying.”
“So did I.”
“You don’t suppose it sounded a little like there’s been a classic coup staged in the shadows by two sneaky villains in order to depose their monarch in favor of his underage heir whom they can easily control, and that we’re holding Lady Alicia a de facto hostage in our hands, do you?”
“What? No, no, of course not.” Mr. Weber laughed. “We are clearly the victims in the whole thing.”
“Was it really of such self-evident?”
“Of course,” Mr. Weber put his arm over Mr. Mayer’s shoulders and led him back towards the castle, “you’ll see. This whole nasty misunderstanding will be cleared off before sunset.”
***
Before sunset, Mr. Weber, Mr. Meyer, Madam Schneider, and Mr. Lang were staring with darkened faces at a letter they had received from Mr. Schroder.
They read in unison, “AN ULTIMATUM?”
Chapter 3

Alicia & Conspirators


The four officials raced to the castle library, where they’d been told Alicia was. They barged through the door with panic in their eyes. 
“Princess Alicia!”
“Lady Alicia, we need to talk!”
“There’s been a huge, huge misunderstanding.”
“We need to clear things up with your father immediately.”
Seated at her grand desk, Alicia—dressed in a berry-red dress with collapsed sleeves, low neckline, and V-shaped yellow bodice—without taking her eyes off the book she was reading, responded calmly, “Oh, we received an ultimatum already? Well, that was fast.”
They froze. Mr. Weber asked, “You’ve heard? But, how? When?”
“Heard? That’s ridiculous. The letter is still in your hands, is it not?” With no hurry at all, Alicia signaled her reading-maid to close the book, then approached her councilors with elegance. “This was to be expected. Of course we’d receive an ultimatum, as would any new regime deposing the last, engendering geopolitical repercussions in the process that may threaten to rattle the present status quo and dynamic balance of power.”
Mr. Meyer asked, “So, just to be clear, it really was a coup?”
Mr. Weber poked Mr. Meyer’s side. “Princess Alicia, this is no joking matter.”
“No, it isn’t.” Alicia lifted her chin with all the strength and stubbornness of a leader. “This is a declaration of war that must be overcome in order to consolidate my rule. Which is exactly why, for this disheartening moment, I’ve made sure beforehand to secure your involv—Oops! Um, uhm…”
Alicia quickly looked away with two fingers pressed gently on her lips, like a little girl who almost let out a naughty secret.
They stared at her with suspicion.
“Princess…?”
“Yes?” Alicia still would not look their way, her voice laced with naughty mischief.
“You were saying…?”
“Nothing. I was just acknowledging what Mr. Weber said.”
“Yes, but afterwards—”
“You said something about securing our—”
“Ah, um, a gift!” Alicia hurriedly signaled a maid to bring her the book she was reading.
“A gift?” Mr. Weber asked.
“Yes. I made sure to secure you a gift. It’s a very immersing material.”
“Immersing?”
“Ah! Did I say immersing? I meant incriminating—Oops, I mean, engaging—yes, that’s what I meant. It’s a very engaging and wonderful book. So, here you go.” She handed it to Mr. Weber. “Nothing like a good book to turn one’s mood around. Isn’t that right?”
“Well, um, that’s very nice of you, but about what we were saying—”
“Oh, yes, that’s terrible. Absolutely terrible. I am shocked,” Alicia said hurriedly. “Going to war is such an ominous thing, but I have complete confidence that you will handle it brilliantly. Mr. Lang will know what to do. Start with the castle defenses, make sure the guards are fully staffed, and brief me on all preparations when you’re done. Now, if you’ll excuse me, reading time is precious, so, off you go.” She shooed them away with a wave of her hand.
“But—” 
“We’ll talk more about this later.”
Alicia’s reading-maids pushed the three men and Madam Schneider out of the room. “If you please. All of you.”
“Wait, wait!”
“You heard our lady,” one maid said.
“Stop interrupting her schedule,” said another as she slammed the door shut in their faces.
The four officials stood at the closed door with their mouths gaped open in confusion and concern.
Mr. Meyer asked, “Is it me, or did what just happened seem awfully suspicious to you?”
Mr. Weber snapped, “What? No, no, no. I’m sure that was just a—”
They heard Alicia burst out laughing from the other side of the door so villainously, she sounded as though she had just poisoned Snow White.
Mr. Weber conceded, “Perhaps a little suspicious.”
Mr. Lang said, “I’ve got a feeling we’ve been outplayed. I’m just not sure what the game was.”
“What was that book she gave you?” asked Madam Schneider.
“This? Ah, it’s just one of those warmhearted lovely novels that seems to be popular among young ladies nowadays. This one is called…” His eyes widened when he read the title. “THE PRINCE…?”
They leaned over Mr. Weber’s shoulder and stared at the book together. “Niccolo Machiavelli’s—The Prince?”
He opened the book to where a bookmark had been left. “That’s the one!”
“What’s that marked section there?”
Mr. Weber read aloud, “Because he who conspires cannot act alone, nor can he take a companion except from those whom he believes to be malcontents.”
A pregnant silence fell upon them as they processed the improbable possibility.
“Conspire to do what, exactly?” whispered Madam Schneider.
“The malcontents? Us, you mean?” asked Mr. Lang.
Mr. Weber, silent from shock, slammed the book shut and stared down the empty hallway with wide eyes.
Mr. Meyer straightened his back and joined his hands at his chest. “Am I wrong to presume this can only mean she—deliberately—implicated us in front of Mr. Schroder earlier by blaming us for the feat of ejecting her father and ennobling her to the throne in what can only be described as a paradigmatic example of a coldhearted and well-executed Machiavellian scheme meant to ensure our unravelling involvement in her little coup?”
Mr. Weber shot him a glare. “Stop your ridiculous balderdash! Or do I need to remind you, my highly educated friend, that she is only twelve years old, and we are adults.”
In response, Mr. Meyer tapped his finger a few times over the cover of the book Mr. Weber was holding.
“Yes. Perhaps she did,” Mr. Weber confessed before he waved his forefinger in Mr. Meyer’s face and hissed, “but it was unintentional.”
“Unintentional? Mr. Weber, she is a twelve-year-old who reads The Prince before bedtime—the most vile book rooted in politics and malignant stratagem mankind has ever written.”
Mr. Lang snapped, “None of that matters now! The lord thinks we’re responsible for a coup. We need a way out of this mess.”
Mr. Weber folded his arms across his chest and shut his eyes in thought. He signaled to the others. “Follow me.”
***
Ushering the rest into the castle’s war room, Mr. Weber inspected the hallway before going inside and locking the door.
Once assured of their privacy, Mr. Weber waved the ultimatum letter in the air and said to his colleagues, “You want a way out of this mess? The way out is right here in my hand.”
Mr. Lang countered, “No, Mr. Weber. That is the bomb, and it’s about to explode in our faces.”
“Only if you handle it carelessly. With the right steps, it will turn into the perfect tool to put an end to this wild venture.”
“How?” asked Madam Schneider.
“I’ll tell you…” Mr. Weber paced back and forth, hands joined behind his back as he spoke. “Sooo, little Alicia wants to play politics with the big boys? She thinks she has outsmarted us and secured our cooperation by implicating us in her scheme and making us look like the bad guys? She thinks that, like pawns dancing in the palm of her hand, now we’ll have no choice but to do whatever she spurs us to, including, but not limited to, fighting a war with her father on her behalf and suffering the blame for it, even? Well, I assure you, my good friends, that little girl couldn’t be more mistaken.”
Madam Schneider said, “I believe we have figured out that part already, Mr. Weber, but we have yet to hear your plan.”
“My plan is simple and most efficient. Just ask yourselves: who is going to lead Alicia’s army into battle…? Us! We are her counselors, we are the leading administrators of her affairs, her service, her guards, her army, and the entire court. WE ARE, quite literally, the body of her regime, end to end. So, with that being said, all we have to do is,” he turned to them and threw his arms wide, “lose the war.”
“Excuse me?” Mr. Meyer snapped.
Mr. Lang raged, “You want us to intentionally lose a battle? Mr. Weber, do you even know what you’re talking about?”
“Have you gone mad?” said Madam Schneider.
“Mr. Lang,” Mr. Weber called out, “remind me, is it not a tradition for the invading force to make their demands prior to battle?”
“It is.”
“Then that’s the moment we must strike,” said Mr. Weber. “As soon as Mr. Schroder demands that we surrender the castle, we’ll accept his offer and lay down our arms. Problem solved!”
“What outrageous disloyalty!”
“Mr. Weber, without a doubt, that is the single most dishonorable thing I’ve ever heard.”
“Have you no shame?”
“It’s a war with her fatherrr!” Mr. Weber snapped. “Come on, people! He practically worships the ground Alicia walks on—”
“FLOOR, Mr. Weber,” Madam Schneider firmly corrected him, her nose high. “Our lady walks on no dusty unwashed ground like the commoners. Only rose petals, ivory-mosaics, jasmine, and floors of polished marble—and that includes the rose gardens’ passages.”
“Whichever!” Mr. Weber yelled. “My point is Alicia stands to lose nothing by giving up on this war, and we all know that she won’t receive even a slap on the hand for all the things she’s done. If anything, her father will probably shower her with gifts and write off the castle to her himself. We, on the other hand, will get to restore normality for ourselves and for all the good people out there who haven’t known the taste of a good breakfast since Alicia came into the picture. If all goes well, we’ll be back to eating eggs every morning in no time—chastity-belt-free.”
They glared daggers at him.
Mr. Meyer snarled, “Mr. Weber, your already despicable existence has descended to nothing more than a sickening symbol of mischief and disloyalty. Judas himself would be nauseated to mention your name… That being said—”
“Where do we sign?” Mr. Lang finished.
The four raced to a grand table where a model of the castle was set. 
Mr. Weber said quietly, “All right, everyone, focus. We have a battle to lose.”
“I think the first thing we need to do is make our intentions clear,” said Mr. Meyer.
“Good point, Mr. Meyer. That will certainly come in handy,” Mr. Weber affirmed. “Now, let’s see, make our intentions clear. How do we do this…? Mr. Lang, what is the worst possible defensive position for our troops?”
Mr. Lang stammered, “Where…they are…most exposed to enemy fire, I guess.”
“Excellent.” Mr. Weber began taking the soldier-units’ figurines, one by one, and putting them in front of the gate.
Mr. Lang yelped, “You’re stationing them outside the castle? What do you think people build walls for?”
“It doesn’t get more exposed than that.”
“Wait, how many units are you putting out there?”
“All of them.”
Mr. Meyer asked, “But we can’t just do as we please. Alicia will see this. How will we explain it to her without exposing our plan?”
“You let me worry about that,” said Mr. Weber. “I’ll come up with an excuse she will buy. Now, as for the cannons… Let’s put this one here… This one here, and this one, too—”
Mr. Lang asked, “You’re putting all our cannons on top of the main gate? What possible military justification can we give Alicia for such a thing? That location doesn’t even offer the best range.”
“Concentrating firepower, Mr. Lang.”
Mr. Meyer commented, “This is starting to look more of a welcoming party than a defense plan.”
Mr. Lang asked, “Wait, if you put the cannons crew among the infantry like this, who will man the cannons?”
“The maids will.”
Madam Schneider snapped, “Excuse me?”
Mr. Weber smirked deviously. “Well, we do need all hands on deck as we are a bit shorthanded due to the sudden sickness of much of our troops. Isn’t that right, Mr. Lang?” He leaned towards Mr. Lang and hissed, “All men who know how to fight. Our best veterans. They’ve gotten sick, haven’t they?”
“Uh, oh! Yes! Yes, I believe they did. I was about to issue them a leave of absence tomorrow.”
“You mean tonight.”
“Tonight, yes, absolutely.”
“And finally…” Mr. Weber continued, “Mr. Meyer, at time of such a terrible crisis, I believe it’s only common sense that we send word to our lady’s bannermen to call for reinforcement—Make it as vague as possible.”
“Leave it to me.”
Mr. Weber straightened up and joined his hands behind his back. He declared, “Ladies and gentlemen, with such outstanding preparations, I am now glad to announce: We are ready for war.”
“Is that what you call this?” Mr. Lang murmured.
Madam Schneider asked, “Well, I get the part where we need to lose the battle and all, but what do we do afterwards?”
Mr. Weber shrugged. “What else? We tell the people the truth, prove our hands clean, and that will be the end of it.”
Mr. Meyer raised an eyebrow. “What truth?”
“The truth: this was all Alicia’s doing, and we’ve got nothing to do with it.”
Mr. Meyer asked again, “So, just to be clear, we’re telling the people the truth—the truth?”
“What other truth did you think I meant?”
“I’m not sure. We’ve been telling the people so many lies recently to try and cover up what’s happening, I thought it stands to reason that this story can only keep going in that direction.”
“Not true,” said Madam Schneider. “In the story of ‘The Shepherd Boy and the Wolf,’ a wolf does appear in the end.”
“Madam Schneider, that’s a very ominous prediction.”

Chapter 4

Alicia & Peace Negotiations


At the dawn of battle, Alicia—dressed in a fiery red polonaise with its skirt folded into the shape of magnificent large roses on either side—stepped onto the western tower’s grand balcony accompanied by her maids.
“Lady Alicia.” Mr. Weber, wearing a cuirass over his clothes, bowed his head as she entered. 
“I came to see our battle preparations. How’s everything going?”
“Not to worry, my lady, everything is on track with our brilliant plan. It couldn’t possibly be better.”
“Good.” Alicia raised her palm to one of her maids, who promptly handed her a spyglass. She said to Mr. Weber, “I hope you don’t mind the intrusion.”
“Not at all. You do me much honor.”
The balcony overlooked the battlefield. Alicia unfolded the spyglass and gazed onto the scene. “Are those our troops outside the gate?”
“At full attention and perfectly fit for battle. Rest assured, my sovereign, that every last member of your loyal soldiers will guard the castle with their lives!”
“They seem fewer than I anticipated.” Alicia looked him in the eye. “Do you think that’s wise, leaving them exposed like this?”
“After much deliberation, we decided that the best tactic is a show of force and bravery. It will boost the men’s morale while demoralizing the invading force.”
“Hm…” Alicia thought about it for a moment. “Oh, well, Mr. Lang is our best soldier. If he approved it, then I’m sure it’s the right course of action.” She looked through the spyglass again. “Oh, I did not know we had so many cannons.”
“A most un-delightful surprise for the foul enemy force,” said Mr. Weber. “Some artillery pieces were relocated from other sections of the castle in order to concentrate firepower.”
“I see. Wait…” Surprised, Alicia looked more closely. “Is that Madam Schneider? What is she…? Wait... Are those my maids?”
“Well, um…”
She turned to face Mr. Weber. “What are they doing atop the main gate?”
“My lady, you see, what happened was, due to an unforeseen sudden sickness of some of our troops and limited recruitment time available, we had to compensate the shortage in manpower from other divisions of the castle’s crews.”
She raised an eyebrow. “By making my maids man the cannons?”
He shrugged. “Why not? They are fully capable, and it’s a very easy task. Anyone can do it.”
Alicia hesitated. Her expression registered her disquiet, and her tender hand rested atop her heart. “I’m not sure I am comfortable with this.”
“My lady is too kind, and your concern for us humble servants is most admirable indeed. But not to worry, noble princess, they are stationed at a very secure location. Trust me, I would have never approved it otherwise.”
“Yes, but they do have other tasks they should be doing, and I recognize some of my pets-maids among them… This could be a problem.”
Mr. Weber froze. He babbled, “I-I’m sure they’ll make it back in time to fulfill their regular duties—attend to the adorable pets in time for their meals and all. Uh, battles don’t usually… Um, they don’t take much time, really.”
“Mm…” Alicia mulled over it for a moment. She shrugged. “Oh, very well, then.”
She looked through the spyglass again and saw the invading army emerge over the road. She yelped with excitement, “Oh, look! Here comes the enemy. I was curious who might take part in this foolish attempt.”
Mr. Weber declared, “The reports we received indicate that Mr. Schroder’s forces are comprised of an assortment of professional soldiers and calvary from various noble houses who are lending him their support in secret. Such a claim, unfortunately, is hard to prove as the soldiers assert to act independently—as mercenaries.”
“I see.”
“But we were able to confirm that the bulk of his army and all his artillery pieces come from House Becker, who did not bother keeping their involvement a secret.”
“How untrustworthy, unwise, and, above all else, arrogant,” Alicia said with a grimace. She slammed the spyglass closed and passed it to her maid. “House Becker, was it?”
“Yes.”
Alicia held her chin thoughtfully. “If I recall correctly, they have a whiny seven-year-old daughter, Anna, whose birthday is next week, correct?”
Mr. Weber, unsure, said, “I’m… not… really—”
Alicia turned wholly towards Mr. Weber. With malice and a narrow gaze, she commanded, “Make sure she gets her birthday gift on time. Make it one that is not only addictive and very exciting but also requires her parents’ participation for hours and hours, over many weeks to come. This treason will not pass lightly.”
Dumbfounded, he replied, “I’ll see what I can find.”
“Good.” Alicia made her way to the door, throwing a last statement over her shoulder, “Well then, please carry on while I go attend to my own preparations.”
“Preparations? What preparations?”
“The most important part of any battle, of course: the victory celebration. My guests will arrive any moment.”
***
As his forces formed their lines, Mr. Schroder sat atop his horse and looked through his spyglass. “Why have their forces gathered in bulk in front of the gate like this?”
Mr. Kruger replied, “I’m not sure, but I know Mr. Lang is no fool. This could be some unheard of tactic. We need to stay vigilant.”
“Agreed…” He gazed upwards through the spyglass. “Mr. Kruger, I’m not exactly sure how to say this, but do my eyes deceive me, or are the cannons manned by maids?”
Mr. Kruger looked through his spyglass. “No, I think they’re just cleaning them. I see towels and—Look, that one just poured a bucket of water down the muzzle!”
Mr. Schroder lowered his spyglass. “Something weird is going on.”
***
At the back row of Alicia’s troops, Father Gianni grabbed Mr. Lang’s sleeve and said, “Mr. Lang, you know I’m a priest. A man of God and peace.”
“Yes?”
“I don’t feel comfortable being here. Is my presence really necessary?”
“Of course,” said Mr. Lang.
Mr. Meyer followed, “Once the conditions are agreed on, it’s important that the church bear witness. We’ve discussed this already.”
Father Gianni said, “Yes, but what if something goes wrong and men start shooting?”
“Father Gianni, you worry too much.”
“I became a priest for a reason. I can’t stand the idea of war and people getting hurt. Not to mention the embarrassment of appearing in public with this…thing…this chastity belt I’m forced to wear. It’s unbefitting of a Christian of faith, much less a priest.”
Mr. Meyer said, “Father Gianni, please relax. We’ve got this covered.”
Mr. Lang followed, “No one will get hurt, and we’ll wrap up the whole matter in no time. Just bear with it a little. Ah, look, here comes Mr. Weber.”
Mr. Weber, making his way through the lines, scolded a young soldier who was preparing his musket. “You there, what are you doing? Put that gunpowder away, you think we’re here to fight a war or something?”
As Mr. Weber joined them, Mr. Lang asked, “So, did Alicia buy it?”
“Of course she did,” replied Mr. Weber. “She fell for it so easily, I started to think I’ve been underestimating my abilities.”
“Is that so?” asked Mr. Meyer. “Well, I guess my worries were unfounded after all.”
“That should teach you to doubt my plans ever again. Now, let us hurry and get this stupid show over with. Oh, Father Gianni!” Mr. Weber just noticed him. “Sorry, I didn’t see you there. Tell me, what do you think of my little plan?”
Father Gianni frowned. “Mr. Weber, I must say, rarely have I encountered such a corrupt and vile mind combined with twisted, selfish intentions and a deceitful, perverted personality steered towards every possible unnatural direction—have you considered a vocation in the Catholic Church?”
“Well, it has crossed my mind,” Mr. Weber admitted.
“Here comes the messenger,” said Mr. Meyer.
A rider emerged from among Mr. Schroder’s troops holding a truce banner. He stopped short of Alicia’s troops and unfolded a document, which he read aloud. “To the rebel forces unlawfully holding the castle of our lord: This is your last warning—”
Mr. Weber was unable to hide his excitement as he said to his colleagues, “Gentlemen, here comes salvation. Oh, how I’ve dreamt of this moment!”
Mr. Meyer replied, almost weeping, “At last!”
The messenger continued without missing a beat: “Accept the fair and just demands of the noble Schroder, the rightful representative of our lord and commander of his forces, and you will be granted leniency—”
Mr. Weber fell to his knees like a man before the gates of heaven. “Yes. YES! Lay your conditions on me.”
“First, surrender immediately and lay down your weapons—”
“Oh, I do throw myself at your mercy.” Mr. Weber was starting to draw awkward looks from all around him.
“Second, hand over the castle to our custody, along with Lady Alicia, unharmed—”
“Yes! Oh, yes! More! Give me more! Oh, how I love every word that comes from that cruel mouth, you mean dirty ox, yoouuu! Hit me! Hit me with more!”
His ears red with embarrassment, Father Gianni yelled, “Mr. Weber, mind your manners!”
“And finally,” the messenger shouted, “deliver to us the heads of the evil conspirators responsible for this vile and traitorous act. The named: Mr. Weber, Mr. Meyer, Mr. Lang, commander of the castle guards, Father Gianni, and Madam Schneider, head maid of the castle.”
Silence.
Mr. Weber froze, his eyes about to pop out of his head. Then he jumped to his feet and shouted, “Mr. Meyer!”
“I’ll be leading the left flank.” Mr. Meyer hurried out.
Mr. Lang shouted, “Musketeers, ready your weapons!”
Mr. Weber yelled at the young soldier from before, “You there, pick out that gunpowder and load the musket. Hurry, hurry! What do you think we’re doing here? We’ve got a war to fight!”
Father Gianni had already fastened a helmet to his head. He raised his cross high. “Let us teach these unchastened heathens the way of the Lord! Kill them all!”
“Flagman,” Mr. Weber commanded, “signal the artillery to send the barbaric lot our answer.”
***
Atop the barbican of the main gate, a maid was leaning over the rampart to see the flagman’s signals. “Madam Schneider, I think they’re telling us to fire the cannons.”
Madam Schneider raised an eyebrow. “Are you sure?”
“Um, just a moment. Let me double-check.” The maid picked up her little hand-flags and looked at the notes and pictures she had drawn on a paper. She looked perplexed.
“What’s wrong?” asked Madam Schneider.
“I can’t find the signal for What?”
“I don’t believe they have a signal for that, my dear.”
“Oh, okay. I’ll just ask.” The maid threw her upper-half over the rampart and yelled to the flagman, “WHAT…?”
The flagman gave her the firing signal again.
“What was that…?! I don’t know what that means… Red flag? No: two red flags. What’s a two red flags? I don’t remember. Look, can’t you write it down on a big piece of paper…? No, no, enough with the flags. WRITE… IT… DOWN… Okay, you know what? Forget it. Just yell… I said, YELL!”
Giving up, the flagman threw his flags in the air and shouted, “Fire the cannons!”
“Got iiit!” She turned to Madam Schneider. “Yes, they’re telling us to fire.”
The other maids looked at one another, whispering among themselves. 
“What, we’re firing the cannons?”
“I thought we were supposed to only clean them.”
“This is so exciting.”
Madam Schneider rubbed her temple with worry. “Well, I guess that means something went wrong.” She turned to the maids and clapped her hands. “All right, ladies, you heard her. Load those cannons and get ready to fire.”
The maids glanced uncertainly at one another. One of them asked, “How?”
“You load them with gunpowder, my dear. It’s no different from the pistols and muskets you’ve been using.” Madam Schneider clapped her hands. “Now, everybody, show some heart. Quick pace; One-two-three, One-two-three…”
Chapter 5

Alicia & War


Mr. Schroder ordered Mr. Kruger, “I think we’ve waited for their reply long enough. If they don’t want to surrender, then so be it. Order the frontline to advance.”
At Mr. Kruger’s signal, the officers yelled their commands. A horn blew, the drums of war sounded, and the soldiers ran to assume their positions.
The front troops marched into the field in hollow-square formation. 
“Here they come,” Father Gianni said anxiously.
Mr. Weber shouted, “Hold the line, men. Do not be afraid. Hold the line. Hold the line! You there, stand in line, kid, move a little to the left, a little more, yes, that’s better. I said, hold the line, men! Hold the line! Hold the line!”
“Mr. Weber,” Mr. Lang interrupted, “we only command the men to hold the line when the line is at risk of shattering. Not your own nerves.”
“What is Madam Schneider doing?” asked Mr. Weber. “Why do I not hear cannons firing? It’s not because of my helmet, is it? Please tell me it’s because of the helmet.”
The officers commanding Mr. Schroder’s troops yelled, “Keep your formation. Steadyyy!”
“Front line, present your muskets.”
Suddenly, there were flashes of light, bursts of smoke, and the deafening thunder of cannons as fifteen atop the gate fired almost simultaneously.
“Incoming!” one of Mr. Schroder’s officers yelled.
The entire formation took countermeasures: The front three lines of each square lay flat on the ground while the last line and the officers crouched on their knees.
Silence.
More silence.
Men raised their faces, looking left and right…
Mr. Weber looked at his pocket watch. “Mr. Lang, I’m no expert, but I don’t think the cannonballs should be taking this long.”
One of Mr. Schroder’s officers grimaced. “What is this, a joke? Men, FORWARD!”
“Get up! Get up!”
“Back in formation!”
The troops got up, rearranged their lines, and resumed their march.
***
From atop the gate, the maids gazed onto the battlefield, their hands flat against their foreheads. “What now?”
“Nothing is happening.”
“Did we perhaps shoot too far?”
“I can’t hear anything!” one maid yelled, her palms pressed against her ears.
Angry, her friend countered, “Why did you stand so close to the muzzle?”
“Brussel? No, I’m not from Brussel. My gramma is.”
Another maid pointed at the approaching troops and shouted, “Oh, look. They’re on the move again.”
Charlette was the last to load her cannon, as she had no helper. She hurried to push the powder and cannonball down the barrel with a rammer, ran to the back, and struck the touch-hole with the botefeux, firing the cannon.
This time, the invaders didn’t duck when they heard the blast. The cannonball fell just short of the frontlines. In shock, the men panicked. The officers shouted commands to the men to duck and take countermeasures.
“Excellent work, ladies,” Madam Schneider said, well-composed with her hands joined at her center. “Now, let us try loading the cannonballs into the cannons before firing them.”
“What cannonballs?” one maid asked.
“You mean these things?”
“Madam Schneider,” a maid called out with dismay, “our cannon isn’t firing—look.” She repeatedly struck the touch-hole with the botefeux.
Madam Schneider looked down at the water leaking from the cannon. “Dearest, did you by any chance clean that cannon with water?”
“Yes.”
“Down the muzzle, I presume?”
“Of course,” said the maid. “The inside was the worst part.”
The second maid followed, “You should have seen the dirt that washed out of it. Oh, it was all black.”
“Worse than cleaning a chimney.”
Madam Schneider rubbed her temple but managed to keep her composure. “Emma, Erza, I’m sorry I forgot to mention this earlier, but this cannon is broken, my dears. Please go help with the others.”
Not having their own cannon, the two maids were truly brokenhearted. They whined and stomped their feet as they left.
“Madam Schneider?” a maid called from afar. Her knees bent as she struggled under the weight of the cannonball she held with both hands at thigh-level. “It’s heavy.”
Another maid mumbled, her eyes about to pop out of her head from the cannonball’s heft, “This is heavier than my lover after I feed him Zungenwurst.”
“It’s impossible.” A third maid gave up trying to raise hers.
A fourth maid passed by. “These things are much heavier than they look—wahhh!” She dropped the cannonball, and it rolled rapidly towards a group of maids. “Watch out!”
The other maids screamed. They tripped and jumped out of the cannonball’s way in the nick of time. 
Madam Schneider raised her voice. “Well then, collaborate! Don’t try to carry one alone.”
Meanwhile, a maid who had been cleverly using her skirt to carry the cannonball was slowly making her way towards the front of the cannon. Just as she neared the muzzle, the cannonball ripped through her dress and rolled. The maid scrambled to stop it, but before she could reach it, it fell over the rampart.
***
The falling cannonball dashed right behind Mr. Weber with a loud thud.  Stiff and wide-eyed, he asked, “Mr. Lang, was that…?”
Mr. Lang peeked behind Mr. Weber. “A cannonball? Yes.”
“I see… Perhaps it is time we order our troops to advance a couple steps forward.”
“Agreed.”
The line of men marched two steps forward.
***
Everywhere atop the gate, maids yelped as cannonballs slipped from their hands and rolled all over the place.
A couple of maids put up an epic struggle until they finally managed to push a cannonball down their cannon’s muzzle.
They cheered. “Yes! Woohoo!”
“Finally! Now, we get to fire it.” 
“No, wait!” The first maid froze, her eyes on the cannon. “Shouldn’t we have put the gunpowder in first?”
Her eyes slowly widened. The second maid cursed. “Great! How do we get the ball out now?”
Another team of two maids sweat buckets as they slowly carried a cannonball on a piece of fabric. “Madam Schneider, how long do we have to keep doing this?”
“Until the battle is over,” replied Madam Schneider.
“And how long does that take?”
“We really have to do this after each shot?”
A voice called out, “Did someone lose a garter? White garter here. Claim it before you lose it!”
Seeing what was happening around her, Madam Schneider clapped her hands and raised her voice. “Ladies, ladies, slow down, please! Let’s organize: From now on, I want you all to focus only on loading the gunpowder and preparing the cannons for firing. Charlette, dearest, you will load the cannonballs.”
Charlette stopped amidst her work. She yelled, “You can see that I have to man my cannon alone!”
“You’re the only one who can do it.”
“But—”
“It’s not up for discussion,” Madam Schneider said firmly. “The others will cooperate the best they can. Let’s work as a team, all right, my dear?”
Charlette let out a whine. She began picking up cannonballs to help the other maids.
Three maids working together yelped funny sounds and directional comments as they managed to push their cannonball down the muzzle. 
“Yesss!”
“I can’t breathe.”
One of them shoved the rammer down the barrel, tucking the ball in place. She muttered vengefully, “This will teach you to be so heavy.”
The three maids then moved to the back and, together, pushed the cannon forward. “Push! Arghh, almost there.” 
One of them asked, “Do we fire now?”
“Wait,” another cried out, “I think we’re doing this wrong.”
“How so?”
“If this thing is like a big pistol,” she pointed at the approaching forces, “then shouldn’t it be aimed where we’re shooting?”
The other maids froze. “I think she’s right.”
“Why is it pointed upwards? It doesn’t make sense.”
“But it was like this when we got here.”
“We’re not shooting birds! People will laugh at us.”
“This is stupid. First of all, how do you even move this thing?”
One of them noticed something to the side of the gun-carriage. “Maybe with this?” She pulled a wedge out of the semi-circle trunnion that held the cannon in place. The muzzle of the cannon suddenly dropped against the stone rampart with a loud clang that startled the three maids to their toes.
Hearing the heavy cannonball roll inside along the length of the barrel, the maids panicked and rushed to the muzzle. 
“No, no, no, no!”
They did not catch the ball before it plummeted over the rampart.
***
While semi-hysterical himself, Father Gianni boosted the soldiers’ morale with the word of God. He continually called out with his cross raised high, “Thus, to you I say: hold the faith. Victory is ours. For the Lord is on our side, and he will crush the evil ones among us like he crushed Sodom and Gomorrah before them, with brimstone and fire from the LORD out of heaven. With brimstone and fire—”
A cannonball landed behind Mr. Weber with an audible woosh!
Mr. Weber said, “Mr. Lang?”
“Let’s make that five steps forward, just to be safe.”
“Brimstone and fire!”
Mr. Weber snapped, “Father Gianni, wrong section!”
***
The two maids who were desperately searching for a way to take the cannonball out so that they could insert the gunpowder suddenly noticed the tipped-down cannon of their colleagues.
One of them snapped, “How did you do that?”
“Oh, there’s a wedge to the side that you—NO! WAIT!”
The maid had already located the wedge and pulled it out. 
The other three maids buried their faces in their palms as the muzzle of the second cannon fell against the rampart, sending yet another cannonball over the edge.
The maids shut their eyes as Mr. Weber screamed from below, “WILL YOU STOP DROPPING CANNONBALLS ON US?”
***
Behind the last line of Alicia’s troops, loose cannonballs, botefeuxs, heels, women’s undergarments, and all sorts of things fell from above.
Mr. Weber doubled-checked his helmet. “Mr. Lang, I don’t think this battle is heading in the right direction.”
“You think?” Mr. Lang growled.
“Well, what do we do now?”
“I’ll show you what to do.” Mr. Lang turned to Father Gianni. “Father Gianni, it’s your turn now. Do perform a miracle, please.”
“Do I look like Moses to you?”
“Well then, resurrect Cesar…” 
Father Gianni glared at him. 
“Just for a little bit.”
Father Gianni hammered his bible atop Mr. Lang’s helmet. “BRIMSTONE AND FIRE!”
“Father—Father Gianni—”
“You dragged me into this, YOU! Brimstone and fire, you lying son of minx! Brimstone and FIRE!” He repeatedly struck Mr. Lang.
As some soldiers held back the hysterical Father Gianni, Mr. Lang retreated next to Mr. Weber and cleared his throat. “I’m afraid that didn’t work.”
“Yes, I had a feeling it wouldn’t. Now, how about something more practical?”
“Practical? Well…” Mr. Lang stared towards the approaching enemy line. “We can’t meet an advanced force with our backs to a wall.”
“Yes. I believe the military term for that is execution.”
“We must advance.”
“Right. Then that’s what we will do.” Mr. Weber issued his orders: “All right, men. The…the one cannonball we’ve fired has done the job. Now, it’s our turn. Let us show those cowards what hell on Earth looks like!”
“Frontline, present your muskets,” Mr. Lang shouted. “Forward, march!”
Alicia’s army advanced to meet the attackers…
Outnumbered, outperformed, and staring down the steady lines of enemy soldiers approaching them, Alicia’s inexperienced soldiers grew anxious. They instinctively clung closer and closer together as they marched, shoulders bumping into one another.
Mr. Weber got sandwiched in between some soldiers, so much so that he could not walk straight anymore. “Hey, don’t push. I said, no pushing! What is this? Give the fat man some space here!”
Suddenly, the sound of the drums was shattered by a cannon blast that stole everyone’s attention.
Chapter 6

Alicia & Guest


Mr. Schroder was observing the advanced lines with his spyglass when he heard the cannon and saw a blast in the ground between the two armies. He hummed curiously and turned his spyglass in every direction.
“Did we fire any cannons?”
“Of course not,” Mr. Kruger answered. “We have no reason to.”
“That shot did not come from the castle… Wait. What is this?” He nudged Mr. Kruger. “There, behind the line of trees.”
Mr. Kruger looked through his spyglass. A formation of soldiers was marching out of the forest into the field. “I see them.”
“Who is this? Where did they come from?”
“Who’s flag is this?”
Surprised, Mr. Schroder lowered his spyglass and frowned. “Russian…?”
***
“Not just Russian,” Mr. Weber said, looking through his spyglass, “that’s royal. It’s banner of the tsar!”
“What is the Russian Imperial Guard doing at the heart of the German Holy Roman Empire?” asked Mr. Lang.
Mr. Weber folded his spyglass. “Ah, Russia! A country that continues to be funny until it suddenly isn’t.”
“Reinforcements for Mr. Schroder?”
“Not very likely. No, it’s not likely at all.” Mr. Weber unfolded his spyglass again and looked in Mr. Schroder’s direction. “Their forces stopped… I see a delegation being sent out… That’s Mr. Schroder leading them.”
Father Gianni asked, “They are trying to establish contact?”
“It seems that way. That means they don’t know who this is, either.” Mr. Weber folded his spyglass and turned to Mr. Lang. “Quickly, a horse. This could be the break we’ve been looking for—Ah?”
They saw Mr. Meyer already taking off on horseback, heading towards the newcomers.
Mr. Weber raged, “Does that sneaky rat ever miss a chance? Quickly, a horse! A horse! We can’t miss this chance.”
“That was our only horse,” said Mr. Lang.
Mr. Weber screamed, “Who goes to war with just one horse?”
Mr. Lang yelled back, “I wonder whose fault that is? Someone must have ordered all the horses sent to the fields. Any name come to mind?”
“Oh, right.” Mr. Weber’s eyes darted left and right sheepishly. “Well then, what do we have left?”
***
Inside the castle, Alicia was busily giving her maids last-minute instructions for the party’s decorations.
“Up! Up! A little bit higher! It’s still uneven,” Alicia called out to a maid who stood atop a ladder hanging a bunting.
A second maid rushed into the hall, curtsied, and whispered in Alicia’s ear.
Alicia was surprised, “Oh, our allies are here already?”
“We have allies?”
***
Mr. Weber rode the donkey he had been given as fast as he could to where a large gathering had formed. A soldier grabbed the reins for him, and Mr. Weber dismounted. 
“Thank you. Which way?”
Mr. Weber hurried through the lines of men towards where the soldier had motioned until someone blocked his way. Mr. Weber froze and stared up in awe at the giant of a man towering over him.
The man wore a yellow embroidered long-coat with a belt, a black grenadier sat atop his head, and a curved sword was sheathed at his side. He was huge, to say the least, with broad shoulders, powerful arms, and a long black beard. His mustache was so sharp you could peel oranges with it, and a brutal expression permanently marred his face. 
“Diplomat?” the brutal man asked.
“Uh, yes. Yes. I am a diplomat.”
The man turned his suspicious gaze towards Mr. Weber’s donkey.
“It’s a diplomatic donkey,” Mr. Weber explained. “Only the most refined diplomats get to ride the…donkey.”
The brutal man raised an eyebrow and signaled Mr. Weber to follow. He took Mr. Weber to where Mr. Meyer, Mr. Schroder, and a couple others were waiting before a grand portable dais. 
The dais stood the size of sixteen wagons put together. Twenty gorgeous white horses pulled it. Its pillars were engraved wood dressed in gold, and velvet-and-gold curtains shrouded the dais. From every direction, Russian honor guards kept vigil over the gathering.
Mr. Meyer snorted. “Mr. Weber? What a surprise.”
“A delightful one?”
“I wouldn’t go that far.”
As he approached his colleague, Mr. Weber spouted, ensuring Mr. Schroder heard him, “How kind of you to rush out to welcome my dear friend for me, Mr. Meyer, but I am here now. You can go back.”
“Excuse me?”
Mr. Weber pulled Mr. Meyer’s arm and whispered, “Look, we’re in a very delicate situation back there. They need you. Meanwhile, it is clear that this development requires no less than our best negotiator to bring this force on our side. That is clearly me.”
“As if!” Mr. Meyer whispered back. “Your legendary incompetence combined with your lack of foresight and selfish best interest directed wholly at claiming credit for turning the tide of battle will only set our last hope ablaze. If anyone is going to negotiate an alliance, it will have to be me. I’m the only one qualified.”
“Qualified to grovel, I bet.”
“Look who reeks with despair!” Mr. Schroder mocked. “Ready to lick boots, I see, Mr. Weber.”
Stone-faced, Mr. Weber replied, “Ah, Mr. Schroder, sorry I didn’t perceive your insignificant presence until now. And just what brings you to the court of our ally, I wonder? Are you here to discuss the terms of your surrender?”
Mr. Schroder laughed. “As if! I am merely here to have a word with, uh…”
“Yes?”
Mr. Schroder frowned. “None of your business. Go back to your miserable lot of peasants-in-arms before you make this any worse for yourself.”
Mr. Weber laughed. “Clearly, we’ve gotten you by surprise. You don’t have a clue who this is.”
“I think it’s clear you have no idea who this is, either.”
“Silence!” the brutal man bellowed. He motioned towards to the dais and said with a terrible accent and unmastered German, “I think she comes now.”
A maid appeared from behind the curtains. She paused for dramatic effect before declaring, “Without further ado, her Royal Highness, Princess Paris H. of Moscowww.”
The honor guards blew their horns, startling everyone to their toes.
The maid stepped sideways with her arm raised in the air as if she were announcing the star of a show. Layers of curtains glided open, one after another, to finally reveal an astounding scene of the truly majestic court hidden behind its folds. 
Marble statues lined the sides, thick Persian carpets covered the floor, cabinets were laden with amber artwork, golden chalices, and blue Georgian plates. Seats and tables dressed with silver and gold had been set. At the center of the dais, beneath a twenty-foot-wide crystal chandelier made of eleven thousand pieces of Swarovski crystal and golden angel figurines, rows over rows of maids, seneschals, officials, cupbearers, and servants with burdened hands moved about the grand throne.
A young lady of magnificent presence and charm entered the scene. With each elegant step she took, heads bowed before her.
Her long red hair was styled in ornate braids that screamed royalty. Her eyes were the color of sapphire. Her smile, divine. Her dress was the work of fairies, and her crown had so many diamonds, it looked as though it were made of glass.
Behind her followed an entire orchestra: violins, flutes, and trumpets played, and a soprano filled the air with her angelic high-pitched voice—singing O Fortuna.
The thirteen-year-old Princess Paris assumed her throne and gestured the attendees, who had bowed their heads, to raise their faces.
The music drifted away.
Paris said with a gentle sigh, “Pardon the wait, but I worth it.”
Chapter 7

Alicia & Dance


The five officials froze, not knowing what to say before such introduction.
Mr. Meyer leaned towards Mr. Weber and whispered, “Oh, the author is sooo going to get sued over this.”
Mr. Weber whispered back, “The worst is yet to come, Mr. Meyer, but do hold on to hope. I mean, clearly he still had the decency to camouflage it a bit.”
“As if that is going fool anyone! You honestly think this story still has a fighting chance?”
“Do not be fazed, my friend, for when the going gets tough, the pigs will learn to flyyy.”
Mr. Meyer stared awkwardly at him. “I am pretty sure that is neither a fact nor a proper proverb.”
“No, it isn’t. But at a time like this, it sounds just right.”
“Sooo,” Princess Paris offered her hand to her nails-maid, who knelt before the throne to paint Paris’s fingernails. Paris played the index finger of her other hand in the air, pointing at the five men, “Which…is…which  ?”
“This, with castle,” the brutal man sorted them out. “This, not with castle.”
“I see.” She addressed Mr. Schroder, “Mutton chops, mind moving your people out of the way? They’re blocking the road, and I don’t wish to be late.”
“The name is Mr. Schroder!” Mr. Schroder blurted. “Official representative of the lord of this castle, head of its council, and commander of—”
“No, let’s try a different color. Something more pinkish,” Paris told her nails-maid. She turned to Mr. Schroder and a look of genuine shock painted her face. “Oh, you’re still here?”
“Haven’t you been paying attention to anything I’ve said?”
“No. Was it important?”
“I said: the name is Mr. Schroder. I am the official—”
Paris waved her hands in the air. “Okay—stop, stop, stop. This is starting to give me a headache. Look, I’m going that way, and your toys and friends are in the way. Move them. It’s so simple. Why complicate things?”
Mr. Schroder exchanged an awkward look with his companions. “Princess Paris, do you mind me asking where—”
“Yes, that looks good,” Paris said to her nails-maid who mixed some colors on her own nails and showed it to her, “but add some sparkle to it. Not too much, just a pinch.”
When Paris looked at Mr. Schroder again, her eyes flung wide with disbelief. “Oh, my God. You’re still here? Seriously?”
Mr. Schroder resumed from where he stopped, “Princess, mind me asking, where exactly do you think you’re going?”
“What is this, an interrogation?” Paris indignantly turned her face everywhere.
“It was only one question.”
“I’m here to see my friend, Alicia. I am invited. She lives right there! And youuu are in my way. Do you get it now, or shall I draw you a map?” Paris whispered to her cupbearer, “What is wrong with this man?”
The maid responded, “Apparently, they lose hearing as they grow older, my lady.”
“A most cherished guest indeed!” Mr. Weber bellowed as he stepped forth and seized the opportunity. “Distinctly noble princess, you are most, most welcome to the castle of our lady, who awaits your arrival with breathless anticipation and has sent me, her most prestigious councilor, to personally welcome you.”
Paris pointed at Mr. Weber as she yelled at Mr. Schroder, “There. Satisfied now? What more do you want, a written invitation?”
Mr. Weber climbed the dais. “As if a genteel lady such as yourself is in need of such a thing. Certainly not! It is we who long for the opportunity with immense eagerness… My lady, please allow me this great honor.” He gently took Paris’s hand and showered the diamond ring she wore with kisses.
“Oh, please, please. It’s not a holy relic.” Paris laughed, spurting giggles from all around her.
“This one is.” She offered him her other hand, which boasted a bigger ring and diamond.
“Oh!” He kissed the other ring as well, as everybody else stared awkwardly at one another.
“Even so,” Mr. Schroder said, “I must ask that your royal highness turn around and leave this field immediately.”
Her gaze darted towards him. “Excuse me?”
Mr. Schroder elaborated, “As I’m sure you must have noticed, the situation is now different from whenever it was that you received the invitation. Right here, right now, we have a battle in progress. It is a matter of an internal affair among us Germans. The presence of a Russian army on the field can only complicate things and will easily escalate to a diplomatic crisis. Therefore, I must advise: If you don’t leave immediately, this will certainly be interpreted as an act of war.”
Paris raised her hands to her sides. “What army are you talking about? These are but four hundred of my personal guard.”
“Four hundred personal guard, eh? Then why do I count twice as many and see many Germans among them?”
Paris crossed her legs and said, smiling, “Well, I’ve heard some troubling rumors, so I hired extra hands. Is something wrong with that?”
Mr. Schroder snapped, “There! You see? You may be too young to understand this, Princess, but international law clearly dictates that for a foreign nation to finance a military presence in another’s territory is as good as sending an army themselves.”
“Wrooong,” she intoned, as the nails-maid continued to paint her nails. “I paid for it with my own allowance.”
Mr. Weber was shocked. “You bought an army with your allowance?”
“Wouldn’t anyone?” She turned to Mr. Schroder. “So, there you have it. Your ridiculous problem is now solved.”
Mr. Schroder shouted, “This is outrageous and changes nothing! I still intend to restore control over the castle, and I strongly advise you not to lend these rebels your collaboration. Your small force is in no way an obstacle to me. I merely came here in person to ask you to withdraw out of diplomatic courtesy, nothing more.”
Smirking, Paris leaned forward. She rested her elbow on the arm of her throne, her chin on the back of her hand and murmured, “I don’t understand.”
“What’s there to explain? I already have the field, and the numbers are also on my side. In both men and artillery, I hold the advantage over—”
“No, mutton chops,” she interrupted, her eyes narrowed cunningly, “what I don’t understand is whose bad side you are trying to get on.”
“What?”
“Is it the tsar you wish to anger? Who happens to be my father. The Emperor of the German Holy Roman Empire? Who is my granduncle. The King of France? Who is my nephew. Or my distant cousins, the Habsburgs? Who are in my debt. Their territory is just beyond those hills, I believe.”
Mr. Weber swallowed visibly. “The Habsburgs owe you money?”
“Mm? Who do you think paid for their new fleet to combat all those pirates wreaking havoc in the New World?”
An accountant stepped forth and opened a book. “In German currency, their outstanding debt would be the equivalent of one thousand eight hundred billion Pfenninc and some change.”
Mr. Weber’s looked like he’d received a kick to the head. “I-I wasn’t aware there’s so much money in…well, the world, frankly.”
“I charge unfair interest.” She looked to Mr. Schroder, but before he could open his mouth, Paris gasped, “What the—did you just roll your eyes at me?”
“WHO?” the brutal man growled.
Mr. Schroder was surprised. “What? I believe the lady is mistaken. When did I—”
“Now he’s calling me a liar!”
“Impudent beast!” The brutal man drew his sword.
Mr. Schroder shouted, “What’s going on here?”
Paris shrieked, “Did you see that? He was looking at me—with his eyes!”
“PERMIT ME TO TAKE HIS HEAD!”
Mr. Schroder yelled, “What are you talking about? I never did any of those things!”
Paris laughed heartily, “You’re missing the point: Whose story do you think anyone will believe when I tell them what happened here. Me, their adorable little sibling? Or some low nobody-of-a-councilor from God-knows-what farm you crawled out of?”
Mr. Schroder began to sweat. His voice softened. “Princess Paris—”
“Also…” Paris snapped her fingers.
Suddenly, a rabble of twenty-some people came running. Dressed in all kinds of outfits, they were an odd mix: farmers, businessmen, workers, baggers, and nobles.
“That’s the one!” one man pointed at Mr. Schroder.
“I saw everyyything,” a bagger said.
“It was all his fault, from beginning to end. I swear it on my mother’s grave.” A woman made the sign of the cross.
“He can’t be reasoned with. I’ve never seen such an animal in my life.”
“He made my baby cry.”
Perplexed, Mr. Schroder looked back and forth between Paris and the odd group. “Um, who are they?”
Mr. Weber agreed, “I’m a bit curious, myself.”
“Professional witnesses,” said Paris. “You know, on the off chance such a thing might ever be needed.”
“Ah!” Mr. Weber exclaimed, “A most sublime insight indeed, my good lady. Yes, you never know when they might come in handy.”
“Why, thank you.” Paris relaxed her back against her throne and addressed Mr. Schroder: “You have ignored my command for far too long and came to me with the rudest attitude. A lady in my position has a duty not to permit herself to take insult lightly.”
An officer yelled a command. The guards turned on their heels and pointed their muskets at Mr. Schroder and his companions.
Fearful, Mr. Schroder faked a humble smile. “Princess, oh most noble, kind and dazzling princess, perhaps we started off on the wrong foot. I mean, I may have said a thing or two, but my intentions were good, I assure you.”
“No, sorry. It’s too late,” she murmured, admiring her freshly painted fingernails.
“It was merely a small misunderstanding, really. I have no intention of blocking your way or causing any trouble. In fact, I was just about to leave. So, um, if you would kindly reconsider…”
Paris rolled her eyes and huffed, “Well…I suppose my heart cannot harbor ill feelings toward a barking dog. They’re the most adorable creatures.”
Silence… Everyone stared blankly at the princess, unsure what she meant.
Paris glared down at Mr. Schroder  and hissed, “I believe you were about to go down on all fours and bark.”
Mr. Schroder froze with shock.
The soldiers cracked the jaw-screws of their muskets; Mr. Schroder dropped on his hands and knees and barked.
“All of you,” she commanded.
Mr. Schroder’s two companions quickly did the same.
Paris let them bark for a short while before she waved her hand, dismissing them. “Let the dogs through.”
Mr. Weber stiffened with fear. His eyes followed the three crawling, barking, departing men. He snuck down the dais and whispered, “A lesson for the ages, Mr. Meyer: When you’re not sure which side to pick, always align yourself with the cruelest. That way, even if you lose, you get to save face.”
“Agreed.”
***
Atop the main gate, the maids witnessed the invaders retreat to wherever they had come from.
“What’s happening?” a maid asked.
“They’re leaving.”
“Does that mean we won?”
The maids jumped onto the rampart, cheering, dancing, and taunting the defeated army.
Madam Schneider urged them to calm down, “Ladies, watch your manners. Ladies?” She gasped. “Emilia! No vulgar hand signals, please.”
One maid, excitedly dancing atop the rampart, needed something to wave and mock with. So she asked her friend, “Give me your botefeux! Where is it?”
“I left it on the barrel.”
“What barrel?”
The two maids froze as they realized what they had done. They stiffly turned their faces towards the botefeux on the gunpowder’s barrel. Smoke rose from the cracks.
“Oh, crap.”
A loud bang sent the barrel’s lid flying into the air, followed by fireworks-like cracking and balls of fire shooting in every direction.
The maids screamed and scrambled towards the stairs.
Madam Schneider raised her voice and commanded haughtily, “Ladies, ladies, no pushing. Everyone, please remain calm and walk to the stairs in order. I will not repeat myself. Mind your image and retreat with elegance.”
No one listened!
Madam Schneider set an example. She strode towards the stairs with her back perfectly straight and her head held high, not minding the chaos surrounding her. Then, a  fireball landed between a pile of gunpowder barrels. Madam Schneider immediately yelped and picked up the ends of her dress as she ran after the rest.
An enormous explosion sent one of the cannons flipping in the air and onto the field.
***
The great gates opened.
The Russian column entered the castle’s bailey to the sound of music. They were led by an open-bed wagon surrounded by the marching music band. Atop its flowered, bejeweled bed stood a young singer dressed in a gold Kokoshnik headdress, a knee-length white and red Sarafan dress embroidered with yellow and red flowers. 
Six dancers with braided silver and blonde hair so long it kissed their knees, stood at her back, dressed similarly to their lead performer. The swirling beauties sidled to the sound of music so beautifully, they were like petals twirling in spring breeze.
Behind them entered a long-bed wagon made entirely of steel. So great was its burden, it needed eighteen oxen to pull it. Atop its bed, like butterflies in the wind, some twenty or thirty maids ran back and forth in blue and gold Sarafan dresses. With laughter and with smiles more enchanting than whispers of love, they held one another’s arms so as not to fall off the wagon’s edge. They kneeled and leaned hard to the sides while the wagon was still moving, handing over sweet pastries and salt-sprinkled Karavai bread to the soldiers and castle staff, freshly getting baked by maiden hands in a bronze oven, fifteen feet high, in the shape of Moscow Palace.
Two rows of maids lined the castle stairs to welcome Princess Paris as she descended from her coach with the help of her servants.
Mr. Meyer and Mr. Weber quickly came to her side. “This way, please, oh, honorable princess,” said Mr. Weber.
“Welcome,” said Mr. Meyer.
Alicia’s two maids closest to Princess Paris approached her and curtsied. 
“Welcome, your highness.”
“It’s an honor to have you.”
“Naturally,” said Paris.
One maid raised her face. She looked at Paris’s companions with a troubled expression before she whispered, “Your highness, I know this is a bit sudden, but I’m afraid we cannot allow the rest of your companions to enter.”
“What?” Mr. Weber became anxious, and said, “No, no, no. Hah! Of course the lady’s companions are welcome.”
Paris raised an eyebrow. “And why not?”
“Well, you see, the thing is…” The maid whispered the details in Paris’s ear.
“Oh!” Paris chuckled, “Already a step ahead of you.” She turned to the brutish man and commanded, “Iven!”
Iven shouted something in Russian. The soldiers saluted, set their muskets on their backs, and pulled aside their coats, revealing their chastity belts.
The councilors and all maids present witnessed the awkward scene, wide-eyed.
The maid wiped the shock off her face and turned to Paris. She curtsied. “All settled. Welcome to the castle of our lady.”
“Thank you.”
As the princess and her attendants made their way up the stairs, Mr. Weber, who stayed put, whispered, “Mr. Meyer, I’m glad to inform you that our situation is not as unique to the world as I foolishly had thought. We are simply catching up to a trend.”
“I couldn’t be happier, myself.”
***
“Aliciaaa!”
“Parisss!”
The two princesses ran towards one other, overwhelmed with the joy of reunion. They met beneath the great chandelier at the center of the antechamber, their open palms joined at shoulder level and their lips blowing kisses in the air at each other’s cheeks.
“I missed you so much!”
“I missed you more!”
Their heels tapped wildly as the two young ladies joined hands and ran, laughing, through the long, marble-lined hallway towards the gargantuan Ball Hall, with its glorious golden vaulted ceiling and painted works of art, antique Roman statues, huge white pillars, and marble floor polished like mirrors.
On either side of the Ball Hall, a large gathering of noble young ladies, distinguished guests, celebrities, and lesser nobles thundered the hall with their clapping as the two princesses rushed through the entrance, running until they reached the center of the hall. There, the princesses stopped and faced each other, smiling, their hands lovingly entangled.
The clapping quieted down.
One of Alicia’s pianist-maids sat alone before a grand fortepiano on a stage with massive red and gold curtains on either side. Her slender fingers danced over the ivory keys playing a fantastic melody, a tone so captivating, it could lure ships ashore.
The princesses danced.
As perfect, as elegant, and as fascinating as figurines on a music box, their small bodies moved. Facing one another, their fingers entangled, their heels tapped the marble floor, and their bodies spun in circles against one another, slowly at first, like beautiful birds teasing one another, only for their movement to quickly pick up pace with the magical rhythm, part ways to the very edges of the dance floor, arms raised in the air, and meet again at the center.
Through their dance, a story was told—how all good friends, though long separated, are destined to unite once again.
At the second part of the music sheet, two curtains rose on either side of the pianist-maid, revealing two more fortepianos and two fellow maids following her lead. The visual and auditory crescendo prompted a wave of clapping from the attendees.
At the third part of the music sheet, four curtains rose. A heartbeat later, eight curtains. Then sixteen!
And the princesses danced.
Thirty-one pianist-maids played the same wonderful melody in perfect harmony. To one another, they were a reflection of mirrors filling the hall with joyful tones and eliciting the attendees’ yelps of joy.
Towards the conclusion of the melody, the princesses turned to the audience and raised their joined hands, surrounded by clapping and wild cheers.
Chapter 8

Alicia & the Emissary of Evil


Amidst the party, Mr. Weber, Mr. Meyer, and Mr. Lang, alongside Father Gianni and Madam Schneider, were gathered by a table at a corner of the Ball Hall, indulging in desserts.
Holding a plate and a fork with cake dangling at its end as he turned his gaze about the event, Mr. Weber said, “Ah, yes, this is what life is all about. All’s well that ends well, hey?”
The others paused and glared icily at him.
Mr. Weber stared back. “What?”
“All’s well that ends well?” Father Gianni asked.
“Weren’t you the one who convinced us to try and lose the battle?” a grimacing Mr. Lang asked.
Mr. Weber shushed them. “Hush, not so loud.”
“Your stupid scheme almost got us killed,” said Mr. Meyer. “Now, you’re acting as if you’ve done nothing wrong, it all went well, and you’ve been supporting Alicia all this time?”
Mr. Weber said, “We’re adapting. Adapting. The situation changed, and we had to change with it. Why, if it wasn’t for my foresight and swift actions, things would’ve ended very differently.”
Madam Schneider raised an eyebrow. “Your swift actions?” 
Mr. Lang snorted. “If I recall correctly, all you did was panic so badly that you demoralized a whole squadron by yourself.”
“Nonsense!” Mr. Weber bellowed. “I was in control the whole time, issuing prominent commands left and right. You just missed seeing it.”
“Yes, I must have.”
“Anyway,” Mr. Weber continued, “even though we’re celebrating our victory, it’s too early for us to relax with Mr. Schroder still out there with an army at his back. Alicia is still in control of the castle, and now Paris has been added to the mix. Things are far from over, and we have much to do.”
Madam Schneider surveyed him up and down. “You can’t possibly mean you still intend to go with your plan?”
“Of course! Defeating the enemy’s army was but a temporary solution for a temporary setback. We need to look at the bigger picture.”
“What bigger picture?” asked Mr. Lang.
Madam Schneider added, “The enemy is defeated. Alicia, the castle, and our lives are safe. What greater miracle can we hope for at a time like this? We should all be offering the heavens our gratitude, not standing here weaving another plot to undermine our mistress’s authority.”
“Naïve. So naïve,” said Mr. Weber between bites of cake. “That’s exactly how amateurs would think. But not an experienced assemblyperson immersed in politics, such as myself.” 
Mr. Weber put the plate down and said quietly, “The reality, my callow friends, is that Alicia’s regime stands as much a chance holding true as a snowball in hell. The whole idea is ridiculous! Her regime may have been saved today thanks to pure chance, but once her father returns, the joke will be over. If we wish to keep our heads where we like them to be, then we need to be smart and make sure we’re on the right side when the time comes.”
“The right side of history?” asked Madam Schneider.
“The right side of conscience, virtue, and morals?” asked Father Gianni.
Mr. Weber glared at them. “Don’t be ridiculous! The right side of the family dispute—what else?”
“Ah!” they exclaimed in unison.
Mr. Weber elaborated, “That means that in order to save ourselves, we must now revert to our original plan and keep Alicia under our control, contain her mishaps, distance the rings of power as far from her hands as possible, and practically imprison her in her rose gardens if we have to while we secretly lay the groundwork for the inevitable transfer of power back to her father, regardless of the cost and what lowly methods we have to use in the process. It’s all in the name of the greater good!”
Father Gianni said, “It never ceases to amazes me how you can say something so traitorous, selfish, and rooted in the mud of your own best interest and yet make it sound utterly decent by spitting the words greater good at the end of your sentence.”
“Yes, well, take notes. It works every time,” replied Mr. Weber.
Mr. Lang asked, “What about Mr. Schroder?”
“I know Mr. Schroder,” said Mr. Meyer. “He certainly will not stay quiet about what happened, much less have the stomach to digest the humiliation he suffered.”
“Oh, please don’t remind me. Wooh! That was horrible,” said Mr. Weber, half-cringing, half-restraining his laughter.
“So, he remains a threat,” Mr. Lang said.
“Agreed,” Mr. Weber mumbled. “We will have to keep an eye on his next move and find a way to blame him for what happened when the lord investigates. In the meantime, Princess Paris’s presence here seems to be enough to keep him at bay.”
Mr. Meyer said, “On that point, I must agree with what Madam Schneider said earlier. We ought to be thankful to chance. It was no less than incredible, incredible luck that Princess Paris just so happened to drop by for a visit. The situation, otherwise, would’ve been very difficult.”
Mr. Weber shrugged. “Yes, well, Alicia is young, and young ladies tend to have lots of luck.”
Alicia, who was passing nearby, overheard that last bit of their conversation and came closer. “Oh, what are you talking about?”
“Your Highness.”
“Paris wasn’t just passing by,” said Alicia. “I sent for her.”
Mr. Weber summoned a smile like he would show to a naïve child. “Indeed, my good lady, that’s exactly what we were saying. That timing at which she chose to answer that old invitation was very convenient.”
“The Lord truly works in mysterious ways,” Father Gianni added.
“No, you misunderstood,” said Alicia with a slight smirk. “I sent for her.”
Her councilors froze. 
Mr. Meyer asked, “You mean…?”
Alicia laughed. “Of course! Oh, you can be so funny, Mr. Meyer, you know that? Tell me, what new regime in the world can hope to stand a shred of a chance without proper support, cross-continental ties, and international recognition? It’s ridiculous!”
“So, just to be clear…” Mr. Meyer mumbled.
“You invited her after…?” Mr. Weber mumbled as well.
“After?” Alicia cracked a laugh. She narrowed her gaze and said, her voice radiating malice, “I sent Paris that invitation, received her replying letter, and marked the day of her arrival before I wore the crown, even. Although I must admit I’m a bit disappointed she arrived so soon, for I would have much rather have won the battle before she got here. But, I guess no one can control the timing of things, right?” At her own comment, Alicia snapped: “Oh, speaking of time, I just remembered—Mr. Weber, would you be so kind as to prepare for the emissaries’ arrival? They should be here any day now.”
“Emissaries? Emissaries from where?”
“Everywhere,” said Alicia. “We’re establishing regional diplomatic ties and cross-continental trade agreements.” She suddenly stood on her toes and waved her arm. “Parisss, I’m over here!”
Alicia leapt off to meet with her friend, leaving her councilors in shocked silence. The councilors stared blankly at a very shaken Mr. Weber.
“You were saying?” Mr. Meyer asked.
Mr. Weber shook his head. “Utter ridiculousness!”
Madam Schneider said, “She just admitted she and Princess Paris planned this.”
Mr. Weber blurted stubbornly: “The fantastical interpretations of the mind of a twelve-year-old to an already existing coincidental happening! You honestly dare to think that the rise of a new regime and the intervention of a major foreign power, much less the decisive outcome of an uneven battle, were decided by the whims of two young ladies? Open your eyes and don’t be stupid. The real mastermind behind today’s events is THAT MAN!” He pointed to Paris’s brutal companion, Iven.
Iven sat alone at a table, eating soup from a bowl. The spoon looked little more than a toothpick in his big hand. His vicious eyes secretly peeked left and right every time he bent down to eat. The mere sight of him screamed malignity.
Madam Schneider whispered, “Now that you’ve mentioned it, he does look the part of an evil mastermind.”
“Clearly, he is someone of high rank in the Russian court,” said Mr. Meyer.
Father Gianni added, “My heart has been restless with worry since I laid eyes on him.”
“Exactly,” asserted Mr. Weber. “That, my friends, is the face of the emissary of eeevil. Just look at the way he eats his soup! You just know a new evil plan is formulating in his twisted, venomous mind with every twist of those vile lips.”
Mr. Lang whispered, “Mr. Weber, you’re starting to give me the creeps.”
Father Gianni made the sign of the cross. “The Virgin Mary be with us.”
Madam Schneider had her hands glued to her chest. “Just who allowed that devil into the castle of our pure, innocent lady?”
Mr. Weber motioned his companions to come close together. He whispered, “Need I remind you that Russian spies are everywhere? Clearly, once they caught wind of the disturbance Alicia’s outburst caused in our region, they decided to act fast. Whatever the Russian Empire is plotting to exploit out of us, that man is their acting agent. And he will stop at nothing until he achieves his master’s goal.”
“Well, what…what do they want?” Madam Schneider whimpered with fear.
“That’s what Mr. Meyer and I shall find out,” said Mr. Weber. “Let us keep in mind that, for the moment at least, his presence here is crucial for thwarting Mr. Schroder’s threat, so our interests are aligned. But we will not wait for him to pick the time and place to approach us with his demands. No. We will strike first, catch him by surprise, and outsmart him.”
***
Mr. Weber and Mr. Meyer approached Iven’s table, trying to establish contact. When Iven didn’t seem to take heed of them, Mr. Weber cleared his throat loudly.
Iven glared at the two councilors from his low angle, spoon in hand, as he had just bent down to eat.
“So, I don’t believe we’ve been properly introduced yet, sir,” said Mr. Weber, sitting down beside Iven. Mr. Meyer sat in front of him.
Iven only turned his gaze between the two men in response.
“A man of few words, I see? What an admirable trait. Truly admirable,” continued Mr. Weber. “And, if I may ask, what is your name?”
“Iven,” he replied.
“Just Iven?”
After a pause, Iven replied in a horribly thick accent, “They say to me: best not say full name.”
“What a ludicrous suggestion!” Mr. Weber objected.
Mr. Meyer followed, “Here in the German Holy Roman Empire, it is customary to call a man by his last name.”
“It is a sign of respect,” said Mr. Weber, “and you are, with absolute clarity, a person worthy of no less than the highest grades of respect our tongues have to offer. Ignore that misleading advice, and do please tell, my good sir.”
Iven let out a brutish hum before he answered, “Iven Bulliedalot.”
“Oh my goodness!”
Mr. Meyer said hurriedly, “On second thought, let’s stick to just Iven.”
Mr. Weber faked a laugh. “Yes, um, admittedly, being on a first-name basis is just as good and honorable. Not to mention, it brings a sense of informality, like good old colleagues and such. Personally, I prefer it that way.” 
Iven minded his soup.
“Sooo, I see that you’ve mentored Princess Paris well. What remarkable work from a remarkable talent.”
“Mentored?” Iven raised an eyebrow.
Mr. Meyer barked a laugh. “Come on now, no need to keep up the façade around us. We’re all men of the same profession.”
Mr. Weber followed, “Paris sure plays the part of a strong and dominant grandeur with remarkable aptitude. But, as they say, behind every great king, there’s a great kingmaker.” He winked.
“Someone to watch their back. Advise them on what to do. Make the hard decisions and do all the work behind the scene.” Mr. Meyer winked again.
“And it’s utterly clear who that great person is, isn’t it? Eh? Eh?” Mr. Weber nudged Iven with his elbow.
“Utterly clear,” Mr. Meyer affirmed.
Iven turned his face between them before he quickly stood up, startling both men in the process. He glared down at them with cold fury. It made Mr. Weber and Mr. Meyer feel their hearts beat in their throats and question the wisdom of exposing the dangerous man’s cover.
Suddenly, Iven pulled the ends of his coat up, revealing the chastity belt he had been forced to wear.
Dumbfounded, they turned their faces from the chastity belt to the man’s eyes, which were so watery now, it looked as though he were about to cry.
Iven sniffled, on the verge of tears.
They mumbled with pity, “Sit down, Iven.”
“Let us get you a proper drink.”
Chapter 9

Alicia & Pet


Alicia left the Ball Hall together with Paris to enjoy a pleasant conversation over a cup of tea in Alicia’s rose gardens.
They sat at a table in one of the many pavilions of the garden. Their maids stood at attention behind them. Light refreshments and fruits artistically cut into sculptures filled the table. A violinist played a soft melody, and two cup-maids watered Alicia and Paris’s lips with tea on silver spoons.
Madam Schneider, Mr. Weber, Mr. Meyer, and Iven were also present.
Alicia asked, “So, you’ve heard?”
“Heard about what?” said Paris.
She whispered, “You know, about the thing—the devil’s horn?”
“Oh, yes. I found out about it a year ago. Good God, what a terrible revelation that was! My thoughts were in tatters for a week. I remember I sent you a messenger to warn you about it. What, didn’t you get my letter?”
“No!”
Mr. Weber jumped into the conversation, “The mail has been unreliable lately. It’s a worldwide problem.”
Alicia glanced at him. “Hm, is that so? Perhaps we should look into this matter later and discuss ways to improve it.”
“Certainly, my lady.”
Mr. Meyer whispered, “I wonder what happened to the poor messenger.”
“I think I have a very good idea,” muttered Mr. Weber.
Her attention on Paris, Alicia continued, “So, what did you do about it?”
“Well, after much thought, I came to the same answer you did and ordered all the males in Moscow chastened.”
Mr. Weber snapped, “Half the Moscow population?”
Alicia sneered, “Well, it does seem like the only solution.”
Paris nodded, “Until I have the time to come up with an alternative, yes. What I can’t understand is why did I have to deal with it? I mean, seriously, what was my father doing all those years?”
Mr. Meyer whispered, “The poor tsar. What terrible affliction he must have been through.”
“I think we know exactly how he felt,” Mr. Weber whispered back.
“So, anyway,” Paris continued, “I started with the palace guards, councilors, slaves, and servants and had just laid the groundwork for a nationwide chastity belt production when, out of nowhere, my father surprised me with the most amaaazing gift.”
“GIFT?” Alicia yelped.
Paris grinned. “Oh, you will never guess what it is! It’s magical.”
“What was it? What? Please tell me.”
“He offered me a no-time-limit journey around the wooorld.”
“Why, that sleazy tsar!” Mr. Weber whispered with shock and envy.
“How exciting!” exclaimed Alicia.
“I know, right? I was irresistibly tempted, but I told my father: ‘Nooo—what about the work I’m doing? It’s important.’ But he just wouldn’t take ‘no’ for an answer. He insisted that I must leave immediately and promised that he would take care of everything in my absence.”
“Isn’t he the sweetest?”
“Oh, you have no idea. He even came to see me off personally.” Her hand to her heart, Paris sighed with a dreamy look in her eyes. “You should have seen it. It was sooo touching. Even though it was cold, the middle of the night, and the snow was six feet deep, everyone in the whole palace couldn’t help but come out and bid me farewell. My father, my maids, my slaves, councilors, servants, pets, guards, and my mentors, even. I swear, if I didn’t know better, I would’ve thought they couldn’t wait to get rid of me.”
The princesses burst out with laughter.
Mr. Meyer whispered, “Why didn’t we think of that?”
Mr. Weber promised, “Not all is lost, Mr. Meyer. That plan is still valid.”
Alicia suddenly yelped with enthusiasm, “Ah! Here it comes, here it comes!”
“What? What?” Paris asked, excited.
“My new pet, the one I wanted you to meet.”
“Oh… my… God!” Paris screamed. “You’ve got a new pet? Why didn’t you tell me? What is it? What?”
“Oh, no, no, no,” sang Alicia. “I am not going to ruin the surprise. Be patient. But do hold your breath because I guarantee you have never seen anything so cute in your life.”
“Oh, be still my heart. Alicia, you’re so mean. The excitement is killing me!”
Clueless and confused, everyone found themselves bending slightly forward, staring at the pavilion’s entrance through which one of Alicia’s pets-maids entered the scene.
Something seemed off.
The maid moved very cautiously. Her face registered much dismay, and she had a long stick in her arms, stretched in front of her, at the end of which was an object that looked like a birds’ cage covered with velvet fabric.
Alicia raised an eyebrow. “Why are you holding it like that?”
The maid stammered, “I-I can’t stand its cuteness!” She set the object on the table with her stick and took off running.
Another maid, who was surprised to see her friend take off like that, frowned at the unfinished work. She huffed, approached the table, and removed the fabric cover.
And it was like dropping a bomb!
The maid jumped in the air, screaming.
Her fellow maids screamed with terror.
Alicia’s councilors jolted. “What is that?” Mr. Weber shouted. 
“Goodness!” Madam Schneider jumped a step back with her hand to her chest.
And the princesses? Overwhelmed with elation, Alicia and Paris screamed the loudest! Their fists shaking in the air like excited little girls as, from the small cage, came out a rat with fur as white as snow.
“Oh… my… God! It’s so cute!” Paris shouted. “What is it? What… what is this heavenly, fluffy snowball of radiant sweetness?”
“It’s called a rat,” Alicia bragged, “and it’s very rare. Why, this tender soul could very much be the last of its kind.”
Astounded, Mr. Weber whispered to the maid who had removed the cover, “Rats are rare?”
Keeping her voice down, the maid gritted through her teeth, “How many rats do you think our lady has seen in her life? Let me give you a hint: NOT ONE! We know how to do our job.”
“Then how did it get in here?”
“I don’t knoowww,” the maid whined as she turned towards the rat, twisting the fabric cover between her fists, not knowing what to do.
Paris gasped, breathless, “Rat? Oh, rat. Sweet little raaat. Oh, look how wonderful you are! Even your name is poetic.” Her mind positively blown, Paris turned to Alicia. “How—what—how did you even find it?”
Alicia sighed and set her little palms on her heart. “It was fate, fate that brought us together. I’m telling you, it was no less than a true miracle that our paths have crossed each other. After all, rats are so rare, a princess can live her whole life without seeing one.” 
“Oh, I want one, too,” Paris whined and stomped her feet with thrill. She screamed: “IVEN!”
Iven came running.
“Find me a rat,” she ordered.
“Yes!” Iven immediately dropped on all fours, searching under the seats and tables.
“MR. WEBER!” Madam Schneider shouted—a cry the likes of which they had never heard coming out of her mouth before.
Mr. Weber jolted, “Ah, yes?”
“A word, please.” She grabbed Mr. Weber by his sleeve, dragged him farther away in a hurry and whispered, “Get that filthy thing out of here.”
He feigned ignorance. “Uh, um, what filthy thing?”
“The rat!”
Turning his face between Madam Schneider’s rage-maimed face and the two princesses excited by their new pet, Mr. Weber joined his hands behind his back and said, “You know, Madam Schneider, uhm, Alicia is a monarch. Being surrounded by many, many fabulous rats comes with the title. It’s only a natural occurrence.”
She hissed, “That, Mr. Weber, is an actual rat. It does not fulfill the same purpose you and Mr. Meyer do, and I want it out of here immediately.”
“But how? It was Alicia who brought it.”
Madam Schneider wailed with despair, nearly hysterical. “Think of something quickly. What if word of this gets out? What will the world think? Good God, I don’t have the heart to imagine the consequences! I’ll die. For heaven’s sake, get rid of it. Think of our lady’s image.”
“It’s her image!”
Madam Schneider frowned and eyed him up and down. “So what?” she spat. “Alicia doesn’t always know what she is doing, and she certainly doesn’t know what’s best for her. That is our job. We are the experts in how others should live their lives. Now, go do your job.”
“Look, I swear to you, I wish I could, but it’s too late now. You heard Alicia. She called it her pet. You and I both know that Alicia can never be separated from her pets. It’s just never happened before. Now, I say, we need to calm down like the responsible adults we are and consider her feelings first and foremost.”
“Feelings? FEELINGS?” Madam Schneider snapped. Her arms shot out, choking and shaking Mr. Weber about. “And what about my feelings, huh?”
“Mad-Madam Schneider, violence is not—”
“You are yet to see my violence, you useless swine!” She dug her fingers into his throat. “Listen carefully to me, you fat, good-for-nothing salary thief! This is no time for you to turn your life around and start acting decent. You will go there and throw that thing out of my sight, no matter how low, how deceptive, and how vile you have to be to get it done. I don’t care how you do it. I don’t even care if you have to swallow it whole and apologize to Alicia later that you were hungry and could not help yourself. You. Will. Get rid of it. Now! Or God help me, I will have blood on my hands!”
Mr. Weber begged, “All right, all right. Stop choking meee.”
Madam Schneider released him. 
Mr. Weber gasped for breath as he straightened his attire and headed out on his mission. He threw a glance back over his shoulder, saying, “I’ll see what I can do, but I make no promises.”
Halfway back to Alicia, and seeing how excited the princesses were as they played with the rat, Mr. Weber decided he needed help. “Mr. Meyer.”
Mr. Meyer jolted, “Oh, do you mean to drag me down this suicidal and utterly futile path with you? I am sorry, Mr. Weber, but I unalterably and sanely refuse.”
“Oh, yes, of course. Naturally, I can only respect your decision.” He spun around and intoned, “Oh, Madam Schneiderrr. Mr. Meyer says he refuses to help me get rid of the—”
Panicked, Mr. Meyer jumped Mr. Weber from behind and gagged him. “What I meant to say was: I am at your service.”
Mr. Weber removed Mr. Meyer’s hand from his mouth. “Excellent.”
The two councilors approached Alicia and Paris. Mr. Weber cleared his throat. “Princess Alicia.”
“Ah, yes?” Alicia turned to him, grinning ear to ear.
“We need to talk. You see, about your new pet—”
“Wonderful, isn’t he?”
“Uh, um, yes, of course he is. But, now, I’m afraid we’ll have to let him go.”
Alicia’s face contorted with rage. She hissed, “What?”
“And why is that?” Paris frowned.
“My ladies, you see, the thing is, rats are…are…are—”
“Free spirits!” Mr. Meyer said.
“Exactly!” Mr. Weber nodded vigorously, “Yes. Free spirits. Thank you, Mr. Meyer.”
“Most welcome. Furthermore, my ladies,” Mr. Meyer added, “they are unable to recognize their surroundings, owners, lifestyle, and adapt accordingly like usual pets do.”
“More the reason God did not intend for them to be house pets,” Mr. Weber explained. “They are…Hah, my lady…You see, a rat is not a dog. He can’t be taught tricks and the like. You see, he’s—he’s—” Mr. Weber’s face shot back and forth between the rat and Mr. Meyer. “HE’S TAP-DANCING!”
Quite surprised, Mr. Meyer leaned down and saw the rat dancing on the table to the princesses’ cheers and clapping. He straightened up and said calmly, “Mr. Weber, please don’t be ridiculous. That’s just how rats react when they’re nervous.”
“NOW HE’S DOING A CARD TRICK!” Mr. Weber cried.
Mr. Meyer leaned down again. He saw the rat flipping cards, then turning them over again in a different order, astonishing his excited audience, and bowing to their claps and cheers.
Mr. Weber muttered, “That’s…that’s a very good trick.”
“Mr. Weber, I take back what I said earlier,” said Mr. Meyer. “That sleazy rat knows exactly what goldmine he has stumbled upon and seems to have neither the dignity nor moral drive to stop himself from stooping as low as it takes to keep it.”
“Agreed. He’s going to have the brightest future as a federal legislator.”
Some maids screamed and leapt up suddenly with their hands tucked into the folds of their skirts when Iven, still searching for rats, tried to sneak under their legs.
“Where do you think you’re looking?” one maid shouted.
“Deviant!” Another kicked Iven’s back with her pointy heel, causing him to yelp.
Mr. Weber shook his head and turned back to Alicia. He cleared his throat. “Nevertheless, my lady, it cannot be allowed to stay. Rats are harmful.”
“Never!” Alicia snatched the rat up into her arms. “You are wrong. Not Fufi. He could never harm anyone.”
Paris seethed, “How dare you make such baseless accusations? Fufi is the sweetest soul ever. Apologize before you hurt his feelings.”
“Fufi?” asked Mr. Weber.
“Fufi.” Alicia echoed, cuddling the rat against her chest.
Mr. Meyer arched an eyebrow, “It has a name now? Oh, how wonderful.”
“I’m keeping him, and I will never let him go,” Alicia declared. “I even ordered a small house built for him, and he’ll be living in it inside my room from now on. We will never be apart.”
Paris hopped on her seat and clapped her hands in excitement. “Oh, I can’t wait to see Fufi’s new house.”
“My ladies, if you would please let me explain—”
“Too late! Look, it’s already here.” Alicia signaled at a maid passing through the garden with something in her hand, “You!” she called the maid.
Surprised, the maid approached the pavilion and curtsied. “My lady?”
“Is that the house I ordered?” asked Alicia before a dubious look painted her face. “Wait. That doesn’t look like the drawing I made at all.”
Paris raised an eyebrow. “It looks like a tiny dungeon.”
“House? Dungeon?” the maid asked, confused. “Ah, no. My ladies, this is just a rat trap I bought.”
Their eyes wide, Alicia and Paris asked in unison, “Trap?”
“Yes, I saw a rat in the garden the other day, so I bought a trap to get rid of…” The unwitting maid’s voice sank near the end of her sentence as she had only just noticed the signals her friends were giving her from behind Alicia and Paris’s backs as they waved their arms in the air and covered their mouths with their palms—signaling to her to shut up.
Confused, the maid looked from her friends, to the princesses, to the rat Alicia hugged. All three glared back at her with fire raging in their eyes.
***
Merely an hour after the incident, the maid from earlier—the one who brought the rat trap—asked a shopkeeper in town, “Hello? I’m here to ask about the job you advertised.”
Behind her, on the opposite side of the road, a mounted messenger from the castle read a document aloud, right in front of Mr. Kunibert’s shop.
“Thus, after much deliberation and in the name of the greater good, the entire castle’s committees have voted unanimously to decree that all the businesses that sell and make rat traps—”
Mr. Kunibert interrupted, “Is that a public announcement?”
“Yes, it is.”
“Then why are you reading it in front of my shop?”
The messenger waved his arm towards the market. “Do you see other shops that sell rat traps around here?”
“Ah, yes, sorry. Please continue.”
The messenger cleared his throat and resumed, “All the businesses that sell and make rat traps are to cease their business immediately, destroy all their products, and never conduct such foul activity in Füssen and surrounding villages ever again, under penalty of imprisonment or worse.”
Mr. Kunibert looked between the messenger, who left, and the merchandise of his shop.
He cursed and kicked the rat traps off the floor.
Chapter 10

Alicia & Financial Trouble


Mr. Weber entered his office, followed by Mr. Meyer. He nagged, “I’m telling you, Mr. Meyer, Madam Schneider is overreacting. Give her some time and she will get over it.”
“Will she?” Mr. Meyer asked.
“Of course she will. Look, Alicia owns an army of pets; who’s going to notice one more? Just paint the damn thing yellow or red and tell everyone it’s a new breed of hamster.”
“I doubt that what others perceive it as, is the real issue at hand. Madam Schneider will still know it’s a rat, and it’s freaking her out. She now refuses to even talk to us since we failed her request. Mr. Weber, we need Madam Schneider. That means we need to find a way to get rid of the rat.”
Mr. Weber snapped, “Enough about the stupid rat! Don’t we have bigger problems to worry about? Look, we must put our priorities in order: Mr. Schroder is still out there, and we need spies to infiltrate his command and find out what his next move is. Alicia’s father will soon return, and we need to sort out this mess before that happens. And if that’s not enough, the man we thought was running the show has turned out to be Princess Paris’s puppet! So now, instead of handling one rogue princess, we ended up with TWO! We must get Paris out of the picture as soon as possible so that we can focus our efforts on controlling Alicia. We cannot afford the extra complications.”
“But how do we get rid of Paris without risking an immediate attempt by Mr. Schroder?”
“That’s the tricky part we must figure out.”
Someone knocked on the door, but the knocks were a bit far apart. Mr. Weber answered, “Yes? Come in.”
Mr. Munze, administrator of the court’s treasury, entered the office. He was a skinny 99-year-old man. He had a very polite personality, wore tight yellow pants and a short jacket underneath purple and gold robes.
Mr. Munze moved very, very slowly with the help of his cane. His hands shook and his voice stuttered with old age as he greeted them. “Good day… to you, Mr. Weber. And to… you as well, Mr. Meyer.”
“Ah! Mr. Munze, welcome,” said Mr. Weber. “Please come in. Have a seat.”
“Most gracious of you.” Mr. Munze was still at the door, making his way in.
Mr. Meyer said, “We apologize for missing the past couple of meetings, but things have been quite busy around here, as I’m sure you noticed, Mr. Munze.”
“It’s not a problem. I just… I just… Give me a moment… I…” Clearly, the conversation was moving a bit too fast for Mr. Munze as he was still near the door and had barely moved a couple of steps, despite all his effort.
Impatient, Mr. Weber grabbed a chair, mumbling quietly to himself, “I’ve seen continents drift faster than this.” He brought the chair to Mr. Munze. “Here, have a seat.”
“Why, thank you. You didn’t have to, really. I would’ve… I would’ve made it on my own.” He sat down at last. “Thank you. But please, don’t do that again. You know that I… I don’t like to be helped. It makes me feel old.”
“Yes, well, it’s a little too late for that.”
“What?” Mr. Munze looked over his shoulder at him.
“The chair, I meant.”
He laughed, “Oh! Ehah-ehah-ehah, you’re so funny, Mr. Weber. So funny.”
Mr. Weber asked, “So, Mr. Munze, um, what can I do for you?”
“Because… Because you two were busy, and have missed the meeting. I… I thought I’d bring this to you. To sign. Your signatures are the only ones missing.” He produced a document and gave it to Mr. Weber.
Mr. Meyer asked, “Why didn’t you send it with a messenger instead of coming all the way here yourself?”
“Because it’s urgent,” Mr. Munze explained, “I thought I’d tend to it myself.”
“That’s the more reason you shouldn’t have,” said Mr. Weber.
“What?”
“For your health’s sake, I meant.”
“Ah! Thank you. Thank you. You are so considerate, Mr. Weber. A true gentleman.”
Mr. Meyer whispered, “Mr. Weber, I’m afraid I can’t help but detect a level of impatience and animus to the elderly on your part. Perhaps you should get that checked out.”
“What are you talking about? I have nothing but ever-growing love for the elderly day over day, until they’re no longer among us. Then I love them very, very much.”
“That’s the part you need to get checked out.”
Mr. Weber took the document to his desk to sign it. He cleared his throat, “So, Mr. Munze, what is this about?”
“It’s about… This. The new coin we’re minting.” Mr. Munze presented them with a coin.
Mr. Meyer raised an eyebrow, “We’re minting our own coin now?”
“Why didn’t I know about this?” Mr. Weber asked.
“You missed… the meeting,” Mr. Munze explained. “Lady Alicia, God bless her, came to us herself and personally ordered it.”
“May I see it?” Mr. Meyer examined the coin, “Is this Alicia’s image? Oh, and these are her pets on the back.”
“Yes.” Mr. Munze explained, “She said… because we broke from the old regime, it’s only proper that we… we must have our own coin… Political symbolism… Very necessary.”
“Let me see that.” Mr. Weber examined the coin. “Oh, this is, this is very well made. Fantastic actually. I mean, the details are astonishing.”
“I am glad… you like it… It’s worth twenty-five hundred Pfenninc.”
“TWENTY-FIVE HUNDRED?!” Mr. Weber exclaimed. “What for? What? This coin cures cancer?”
Mr. Meyer was confused, “But it says One Pfenninc.”
“How much silver did you put in this thing?”
“Yes… One Pfenninc, Mr. Meyer. And, Mr. Weber, as for your… question… Do not worry… It has the exact same amount of silver… as the old Pfenninc. A financial market’s agreeable standards… It is the production cost, which I meant. Twenty-five… hundred… Each.”
Mr. Meyer asked hopefully, “So, even though it says, ‘One Pfenninc,’ it will still trade for twenty-five hundred. I mean, that’s its real worth, right?”
“No,” said Mr. Munze. “It trades for… One Pfenninc. It has the same amount of… silver… Remember? Therefore, its market worth is only One… Pfenninc… No more. No less.”
Mr. Weber yelled, “You tell me that we created a coin that costs twenty-five hundred times its face value? That’s insane!”
“Yes. But… Lady Alicia’s orders.” He looked at them and chided, “You didn’t think… this level of craftsmanship comes cheap, did you…? Each coin is engraved by hand, by superb artisans… and inspected by… By a committee of… of renowned artists… before it’s allowed into circulation. The picture of… our lady… must be perfect… in every way…”
“But—”
“Also,” Mr. Munze wasn’t quite done, “a new branch of quality inspectors… has been created—I think, five thousand inspectors. They will… tour… the towns and villages; demand to open the people’s pouches… A random process… Very efficient… And any coin that has… scratches, dents or deformations of any level, will be confiscated, and replaced, immediately… It will then be… melted and re-made again. This, too, costs money.”
“But—”
“Thus… the cost, twenty-five hundred. A fair estimate.”
Mr. Weber raged, “But we can’t issue the people works of art worth twenty-five hundred times their face value, only to destroy and replace them with new ones a week later! This will bankrupt the treasury in no time.”
“Yes. In four days… to be exact… I did the math… I’m good with numbers… Four days… before… complete and utter bankruptcy. But,” he shrugged, “Lady Alicia’s… orders… Already, fifty thousand coins have been made… and fully paid for… and the production is… ramping up… Quickly.”
“Fif-fifty thousand?” Mr. Meyer was horrified.
Mr. Weber yelled, “This cannot be allowed. You must stop the production immediately. This-this-this is a disaster. A financial catastrophe!”
Mr. Munze motioned for them with his hand, “Please… calm down, gentlemen… Yes… Calm down… No need to panic. This… This has happened before.”
They froze. Mr. Weber asked, “It has?”
Mr. Munze asked, “Hm? It has what?”
“You said this has happened before.”
“How did the other administrations handle such a situation?”
“Ohh!” Mr. Munze laughed, “That was… a lie. Ehah-ehah-ehah… I was trying to make you… feel better… Sometimes, lying is… is good for the heart. It makes the fools sleep well… at night, thinking… ‘There will still be tomorrow.’ Ehah-ehah-ehah.”
Mr. Weber whispered, “Mr. Meyer, please tell me Alicia has repealed the law about elderly abuse? Namely, the part about strangling them in their sleep.”
“Not yet, I’m afraid,” said Mr. Meyer. “But I will bring it to her attention.”
“Please do.”
Mr. Munze continued, “I have served under five… monarchs. And I was high councilor in… eight hundred financial committees… I even managed the… the Vatican bank, at one point… Fraud prevention. Mismanagement. Financial scams. Foolishness. Recessions… I’ve seen it all. But this? No. I did not see this… before… This is a first. Ehah-ehah-ehah… Life is… is a wonderful thing… It never stops surprising you, no matter… no matter how many years you live. Ehah-ehah-ehah.”
Mr. Weber said, “Mr. Munze, please don’t laugh so hard or your only tooth left might take the opportunity to break free from its misery.”
 “But don’t worry, gentlemen. I have good news.” Mr. Munze looked at them and teased, “We have time… Four days. Enjoy your young lives. Then… Then we can raise our hands… in the streets, competing for charity with the baggers.”
Mr. Munze laughed. He got off his chair with much effort and left, saying over his shoulder, “I leave the document… for you to sign. Lady Alicia’s orders. Please, make sure you sign… and return it… I must go… mint the new coins… Good day, gentlemen.”
The two councilors stayed frozen in place long after Mr. Munze had left.
Mr. Weber finally snapped, “WHAT NONSENSE OF A PROBLEM IS THIS?”
“We need to raise taxes, fast!” Mr. Meyer attempted to hurry out, saying, “I’ll gather the committee, you draft the resolution, quickly.”
His eyes reddening with madness, Mr. Weber pulled his colleague back by his clothes. “You want to raise taxes by two hundred and fifty thousand percent? Are you insane? The people will be taxed out of their undergarments for a hundred-mile radius!”
“And out of what’s inside their bowels, if they don’t release it fast enough.”
“We can’t do that. We will have riots on our hands, and the entire system will collapse!”
“But if we do nothing, the treasury will collapse!” argued Mr. Meyer.
“We can’t allow that to happen, either. There has to be a way around this!”
“Wait, maybe—maybe we can tempt Mr. Munze with something to lure him to our side, and then we can devise a sneaky way to stop the coin production.”
“DON’T ASK FOR THE IMPOSSIBLE!” Mr. Weber yelled, “The man is as incorruptible as McDonald’s bread buns. The Pope’s moral code will rot like a bad tomato long before Mr. Munze might budge an inch in the wrong direction!”
Mr. Meyer begged, “Then what do we do?”
Mr. Weber shook his colleague by the shoulders. “The only thing that must be done: Protect our inflated pay!” He leaned his hard face inward to whisper, “There is no time to waste. Paris must leave. Mr. Schroder must be bested. Spoiled Alicia must be contained, and the new coin must quickly be scrapped. The consequences, should we fail to act, are insurmountable. We only have four days. We must find a way.”
Someone knocked on the door. 
Mr. Weber raged, “What is it now?”
A fat man dressed in the dark garment of a government official entered the office. He asked politely, “I am looking for Mr. Weber?”
“Yes, that would be me.”
The man introduced himself: “Ben Herrmann of the Imperial Customs Department. I am here on official business.”
The two councilors stiffened. Mr. Weber said, “Uh, um, welcome. Most welcome, my good sir.”
“What can we do for you?”
Mr. Herrmann asked, “It is my understanding that her Royal Highness, Princess Paris, is a guest at your court. Is that correct?”
“Yes. Yes, indeed.”
“Excellent.” Mr. Herrmann produced a document. “Due to her highness’s most refined social standing and greatly regarded political status, and in accordance with the proper customs codes that handle the intermingled customs-diplomatic affairs, my department has held off the demand of proper import duty fees for some of the items Princess Paris has brought with her. Such fees are to be, instead, presented to the hosting court to handle—which is why I am here.”
“Import fees?” Mr. Weber asked.
“For what?” Mr. Meyer followed.
“Oh, nothing complicated, just a few personal belongings. Makeup, perfumes, accessories and the like.”
The two councilors breathed with relief. 
“Ah! So it’s just formalities,” said Mr. Meyer.
Mr. Weber took the document, laughing, “Honestly, you people are so strict down to the last Pfenninc. You need to soften your biscuit a little. A young lady just so happens to have crossed the border with some makeup and womanly products in her possession, so what? What woman doesn’t carry such things with her all the time? Yet you’re going to make her pay…” His eyes flung wide. “FIFTY THOUSAND PFENNINC? For what? What did she bring with her?!”
“About sixteen tons of various personal beauty products, to be exact,” said Mr. Herrmann, “I can show you the list of all items if you insist, but it was too heavy for me to carry up the stairs.”
Mr. Meyer objected, “Even so, I still can’t imagine how the fees can accumulate to such a crazy amount.”
Mr. Herrmann looked at him. “Do you know how much time, effort, and how many extra inspectors need to be brought in to sort out sixteen tons of cosmetics? Some weigh as little as one-tenth of a gram each. Document it? And calculate the exact fee for each item…? The extra inspection fee is included in the proper sections of the document you hold.”
Mr. Weber blurted, “What bureaucratic madness is this? What…how…it wasn’t even three hours ago that she arrived here. How did you even get here so fast? You hid an agent under her coach or something?”
“We are the German Imperial Customs Department, sir. We like to keep an ear to the ground… Yes. We did.”
Mr. Weber raised his voice, “This is outrageous! Improper! Contumelious! We absolutely will not—”
“Wait!” Mr. Meyer yelped suddenly. He signaled Mr. Weber to join him for a private word and said to Mr. Herrmann, “Please excuse us for a moment.”
Once the two councilors were at a private corner of the office, Mr. Weber asked, “What is it? Don’t you dare expect the treasury to pay for this. We have a big enough financial crisis on our hands as it is.”
“Wrong. We must pay it,” said Mr. Meyer.
“But—”
“Hush. Listen to me. I’ve got a brilliant idea. First of all, this is a very small price to pay for saving our lives today.”
“Even so—”
“Second. Princess Paris is the emperor’s grandniece. That means she’s family. That means her problems are the emperor’s problems.”
“Ahh!” Mt. Weber’s face brightened as he figured out Mr. Meyer’s intention.
“This is the perfect excuse why we need to reach him.” Mr. Meyer elaborated, “This bill we will pay is in fact nothing short of our direct communication line with the emperor himself. We’ll use it as a pretext to get the emperor involved and solve all our problems with one decisive move. Not even Alicia can hope to oppose the emperor’s orders.” He tapped his finger at Mr. Weber’s shoulder and maliciously intoned, “And whooo will the emperor trust to take custody of this place when Alicia and Paris’s reckless actions are restrained by his orders?”
“Who indeed, if not the loyalists who brought the matter to his attention in the first place.”
“And with us in charge, we can clean up all the mess Alicia has created and erase all evidence of it before her father returns. It will be as if nothing ever happened.”
Mr. Weber nodded. “We will pay the bill.”
“Then, we’ll bide our time any way we can until the emperor’s messenger arrives with our salvation.”
The councilors returned to Mr. Herrmann. 
Mr. Meyer said, “We’ll pay the fees.”
“Cash.” Mr. Weber affirmed, “We wouldn’t have it any other way after the trouble your most kind and amicable self has taken to bring this matter to our attention.”
“It’s the least we can do.”
“Excellent.” Mr. Herrmann snapped his fingers, signaling three of his agents to enter the room with carts loaded with official paperwork.
The two councilors turned their stunned faces from the piles of documents back to Mr. Herrmann.
“Now, we can move on to the rest of the items.”
Chapter 11

Alicia & New Conspiracies


Later that night, Mr. Schroder paced back and forth, consumed with rage.
“This is outrageous.” He mumbled, “Dangerous. Humiliating. I, head of the council, get treated in such manner?”
Mr. Kruger attempted to comfort him. “Mr. Schroder, you need to calm down.”
“Calm down? How can you expect me to calm down after what happened?”
“You need to calm down so we can consider our options,” said Mr. Kruger.
“Ah, about that. I already have a plan… But that doesn’t mean I can simply forget the insult I’ve suffered.”
Mr. Kruger sighed, “We should leave in the morning and inform the lord of what happened. It’s the only way to deal with the situation.”
“No. Unacceptable.” Mr. Schroder waved his arm, “There’s still time. The lord doesn’t need to know just yet, and our reward is not yet lost. We will storm the castle again, tomorrow.”
“Storm the castle?!” Mr. Kruger snapped, “Mr. Schroder, this is no time for irrational behavior. Even if we could invade the castle despite the reinforcement they’ve received, the whole world will turn against us.”
“No, Mr. Kruger. The world will not turn against us because the world will only be allowed to hear our side of the story, of which we’ll be the heroes who saved two prominent princesses from the clutches of murderous rebels.”
“But how?”
“Easy.” Mr. Schroder explained: “The one who controls the castle is the one whose voice is heard, while all other voices are mere lying whispers. Right now, that person is Mr. Weber and his fellow conspirators. They painted us with the stigma of invaders, and there was little we could do about it. That is the only reason why I strategically retreated today.”
“That still means we need to control the castle in order for our side of the story to be heard.”
“Not only that, Mr. Kruger,” Mr. Schroder said, looking deep in thought, “it must also be bloodless. Storming the castle with mere brutal force would only further harm our image.”
“You’re complicating things.”
“Not at all,” Mr. Schroder assured him. “I’ve been serving as head of the council for most of my life. The castle is practically my home. I know all its secrets in and out, including,” he turned to Mr. Kruger with a sly smirk, “a certain secret passage that leads directly to the storage rooms beneath the castle.”
“Ah!”
“I will take ten men and personally lead them into the castle,” Mr. Schroder declared, “while you command a highly trained small force, stay hidden, and wait for me to open the gates. We must strike swiftly, take control of vital points, imprison the conspirators, and place Alicia and Paris under our personal protection. It will all be over before anyone can realize what happened.”
“You will need only the best of the best of our men for the mission. I will select them personally. Also, it will help if you are in disguise and that you know the men’s faces.” 
“I don’t know if I have the memory to remember new faces. I’m not that young anymore, you know.” Mr. Schroder mulled the matter over for a moment. “Tell you what—give them a sign or have them carry something to help me recognize them.”
Mr. Kruger made a suggestion: “Well, since you’ll be sneaking into the storages and all, how about you each carry a basket of turnips or something? That way, it won’t look suspicious if any of the team is seen by the castle staff.”
“Excellent idea.”
***
Mr. Weber paced the room back and forth, and Mr. Meyer frequently checked his pocket watch, whereas Father Gianni and Mr. Lang yawned from the long wait.
Madam Schneider entered the room in a foul mood. She glared at the four men present. “I thought I told you not to bother me. I’m a very busy woman, you know.”
Mr. Weber welcomed her with a soothing tone of voice. “Madam Schneider—we’re so delighted you’re here. We’ve been waiting.”
“For two hours,” Mr. Meyer added under his breath.
Mr. Weber nudged Mr. Meyer with his elbow. He said to Madam Schneider, “Please, come in, have a seat.”
“I’m fine where I am, thank you.”
Mr. Weber said, “Listen, before you say anything, I know you’re upset and—”
“Upset? Why would I be upset? My world is jasmine and songs, as you clearly see.” Her frigid tone set them on edge.
“I understand, and that’s good,” said Mr. Weber. “But please, hear me out first. I promise, all our problems will soon be over. You see, by setting our differences aside, we were able to put our heads together and come up with the perfect plan.”
“By we, I presume you mean the four geniuses I’m looking at. Correct?” 
“Yes.”
Madam Schneider rolled her eyes and waved her hand in the air, “Oh, well then, what could possibly go wrong?” She turned to leave.
“Madam Schneider!” Mr. Weber chased after her and grabbed her arm before she could leave. “Please.”
Madam Schneider exhaled loudly. She went back inside and closed the door behind her. “I am listening.”
“I promise you’re going to love this. It’s the perfect plan,” Mr. Weber assured her. “We’ve been through every little detail over and over and have left absolutely nothing to chance.”
Mr. Meyer interjected, “To simplify our decision: what we decided to do is put Alicia and Paris under house arrest without them even realizing it.”
Mr. Lang said, “It’s a revised version of our original plan. Alicia and Paris will be cut off from all aspects of decision-making and remain completely blind to what’s happening around them while we run the court ourselves—normally. Properly. The way it should be administered. Also, Paris’s continued presence will ensure Mr. Schroder is kept at bay.”
Father Gianni offered more detail: “Repeal Alicia’s ban on eggs and chicken, and get rid of these damn belts!” 
Mr. Weber said to her, softly, like whispering in a dream, “The best part is that it will all be achieved without Alicia even knowing it. Perfect harmony. Perfect solution. Zero harm to everyone. By the time Alicia’s father returns, we will have cleared all evidence of this mess so that he will find everything exactly as he left it, and there will be nothing to explain. Perfect normality.”
“How wonderful,” Madam Schneider intoned with sarcasm. “Except for one thing: How in the world do you put a normal person under house arrest without them realizing it, much less two princesses surrounded by staff, guards and officials, who have busy schedules and things they wish to do? You honestly think you can pull this off until the lord returns?”
“But we don’t have to keep this up until the lord returns.” Mr. Weber promised, “Thanks to my efforts and Mr. Meyer’s, a significant help is on its way—one that is sure to save us from this madness. All we need to do is contain Alicia and Paris for two days. Three days, maximum.”
Madam Schneider raised an eyebrow, “Three days? You’ll be lucky if you can contain them for three minutes.”
“That’s where you come in…” Mr. Weber led Madam Schneider to a seat. “You see, we realized that we were trying to control Alicia all wrong. We shouldn’t have pressed against her decisions or anything of the sort. That approach only makes her more stubborn. No. All we really need to do is surround Alicia with invisible, harmless bars: A small number of reliable staff who will passively keep her contained in her tower while Alicia believes it was her own decision to remain there. And which staff does Alicia rely on the most, hmm?”
“You mean my maids?”
“Precisely! Alicia is completely dependent on her maids for…for…for everything. She doesn’t take one step in this direction or the other without a flock of them surrounding her.”
Mr. Weber sat on the opposite chair and explained his plan in more detail: “We need ten maids, just ten maids, to knowingly collaborate with us. We assign them to be the only ones constantly near Alicia every hour of the day until the plan Mr. Meyer and I have initiated pays off. All other maids come and go only as required. They can surely influence Alicia’s decisions and convince her to remain in her room. And the problem will soon be over. All we ask from you now is—”
“Very well,” Madam Schneider said calmly.
“Uh, um…”
“Well, that was easy,” Mr. Meyer commented.
Madam Schneider said, “You want my collaboration? You want ten maids who can be trusted? Very well. You will have it.”
Mr. Weber released a great sigh of relief.
Madam Schneider narrowed her gaze suddenly and added a condition: “After the rat is gone.”
Surprised, Mr. Weber pleaded, “Madam Schneider—”
“Oh, problem?” she asked, admiring her fingernails. “I thought that four brilliant minds who can weave flawless plans and have the confidence to run a castle all by themselves would have no problem getting rid of one small rat. Oh, well.” She got up to leave. “I guess I was mistaken.”
“Madam Schneider, wait!”
She stopped near the door and hissed, “You want my help? That rat must be gone. End of discussion.”
As Madam Schneider left, the four men sat in the silence of shattered hope. 
Father Gianni asked, “Great! Now what?”
“What else?” Mr. Weber hissed. “Now, we get our hands dirty.”
Chapter 12

Alicia & the Tower of Mysteries


Inside Alicia’s castle, in front of a grand entrance leading to the tower which housed Alicia’s room, two armed guards were stationed. Mr. Lang approached the guards and faked a yawn.
“Oh, Commander Lang,” one guard greeted.
“How are you doing, men?” Mr. Lang asked.
“Fine.”
“All clear, sir.”
“Excellent work,” said Mr. Lang. “Well then, it’s time for you two to go. The next shift will take over.”
The guards were confused. “Isn’t it a bit early?”
“Oh, not at all. I changed the shifts’ timing earlier, but I guess I forgot to tell you about it. Anyway, you can leave now.”
“Well, um, shouldn’t we wait for our replacements to arrive first?”
“No need. I’ll stand guard until they do. In fact, on my way here, I just saw them from the window. They will be here in a minute, and I have some instructions for them. So, you go ahead. Get some rest.”
“Oh, very well then.”
“Thanks, Mr. Lang.”
Once the guards left, Mr. Lang peeked left and right, then signaled his colleagues. “Hurry.”
Mr. Weber, in disguise, and Father Gianni came out of the shadows. They hurried through the entrance and up the stairs while Mr. Lang stood guard, watching their backs.
***
Mr. Weber and Father Gianni sneakily made their way from one passage to the next. They stopped before a door and peeked inside. There, a number of maids with measuring tapes in their hands carefully assessed the distance between various vases, sculptures, paintings, candleholders, and other objects in the room.
“Father Gianni, lay low and wait for them to leave,” Mr. Weber instructed. “This shouldn’t take long.”
“Who are they?”
“Alicia’s interior-maids.” He explained, “They make sure all objects in the room are exactly where they’re supposed to be and have not been moved.”
“Ah!” A distant sound piqued Father Gianni’s curiosity. He asked, “Mr. Weber, do you hear a sound of dripping water?”
“Now that you mention it, I do.”
“It’s coming from the window.”
The two men stared at the window but saw nothing.
“Is it raining? But I see no rain,” asked Father Gianni.
“Maybe a spring cloud is passing by.”
“I hear thunder, too… Strange.”
“Never mind that now,” said Mr. Weber. “We’ve got more important things to do. Look—the maids are leaving.”
The maids had finished their work and moved on to the next section. Mr. Weber panicked when he saw the maids heading their way instead of going through any of the other doors. “Hide, hide!”
Father Gianni jumped inside a large urn. Mr. Weber, who could not find an urn his own size, shifted left and right. He opted to stand on a table and strike a pose.
The chattering maids passed by and did not notice the two men. 
Safely able to continue their mission, the two men moved out. Mr. Weber and Father Gianni were just about to enter another hallway. They suddenly jumped a step back and hid behind its entrance, surprised by unusual activity ahead of them.
Father Gianni peeked at the maids, who looked like busy ants. They formed two lines. One line headed in one direction, and the maids in it held buckets of water. The other line moved in the opposite direction, and those in that line had empty buckets in hand.
“What are they doing?” asked Father Gianni.
“I’m not sure.”
“They look like they’re putting out a fire. But I smell no smoke.”
“Stranger things have happened in this tower, Father Gianni. Pay it no mind. Well, it doesn’t seem like they’ll be done with whatever they’re doing any time soon. Let us take another way around.”
Hurrying towards an alternative route, the two men snuck quietly to the next room. When they peeked around the door, they saw more maids, also with measuring tapes, but they also had tiny clippers in their hands and were working with much attention on vases of roses.
“This is just great. Now we will have to take the long way around. Those maids are going to be there for a while,” said Mr. Weber.
“Who are they?”
“Alicia’s rose-maids.”
“Oh, they’re the ones who replace the roses?” asked Father Gianni. “They do a very good job, by the way.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. That’s Alicia’s vase-maids’ job. These maids don’t fill vases.”
“Then what are they doing?”
“They inspect the roses themselves, make sure the roses are of prominent quality, have equal numbers of petals, and adhere to the requirements of the minimum acceptable size.”
“Ah! You could have just said they make sure the roses are good.”
“No. They need to adhere to the requirements of minimum acceptable size.”
Father Gianni said after a pause, “Right.” 
Finding an alternative route, the men hid in the shadows and evaded the various teams of maids they encountered. They peeked past another entrance and saw more maids working in the hall. These maids were very busy inspecting the floor, paintings, and furniture with magnifying glasses held in their white-gloved hands.
“Look, a cleaning crew,” Father Gianni whispered.
“These are not a cleaning crew. Father Gianni, you need to pay more attention. We’ve already encountered Alicia’s cleaning-maids on the lower floor. They’ve finished their job here and have since moved on.”
“Oh, right. Then, who are these?”
“These are Alicia’s surface-maids. They are of a very, very high level—not just any maid can hope to rise to such a prominent rank.”
“And what they do is?” asked Father Gianni.
“They inspect the surfaces for any sign of stains, fingerprints, and the like that other teams may have left behind by accident.”
“Ah! Well then, it looks like this path is blocked, too.”
“Not to worry, Father Gianni. I came prepared.” Mr. Weber brought out from his clothes a small pouch filled with dust. He took a tiny pinch of dust particles and tossed it to the surface of a nearby table.
“Watch this,” Mr. Weber smirked.
When a maid inspected the table with her magnifying glass, she gasped. Her face registered horror from the sight of the dust particles she’d discovered. The rest of the team were soon with her, surrounding the table, writing down notes about the incident and arguing quietly among themselves.
They worked like bees as they contained the table with specialized sheets, cleaned the surroundings with disinfectant solutions, and proceeded to remove the table from the room.
“All clear,” Mr. Weber announced.
The two men high-fived each other and continued their way.
They finally made it to the hallway leading to Alicia’s room. They were just about halfway through the hallway when two maids appeared suddenly from around the corner, chattering.
The two men panicked and bumped into each other. 
Mr. Weber quickly hid behind a sculpture of a skinny maiden, assuming the same pose as the figurine, while Father Gianni picked a painting from the wall and held it in front of himself.
Again, they got lucky. The maids passed by without noticing the men. One maid looked utterly bored. Her hands were joined behind her head and she threw her legs in front of her as she walked. The other was chattering about nothings. If anything, the women looked like they had nothing to do.
The men waited for the maids to leave before resuming their operation.
“Who are those?” Father Gianni asked.
“The first one is one of Alicia’s odd-number-maids.”
“Odd-number-maids? She helps with math?”
“No.” Mr. Weber explained: “Alicia hates odd numbers. So, when a team of maids ends up with an odd number of members, they hire an odd-number-maid to even it out.”
“And what she does is…?”
“She evens out the maids’ numbers.”
“Ah!”
“The other one is one of Alicia’s even-numbers-maids.”
Father Gianni was confused, “But you just said that Alicia hates odd numbers.”
“Only on regular days. But if it’s a full moon or a moonless night, Alicia wants the maids’ teams to have odd numbers instead.”
“So, just to clarify: first, you hire a maid to even out the numbers of a team. Then you hire another maid to make the numbers odd again?”
“Depending on the phase of the moon, yes.”
“And both of them do nothing.”
“What…uh…weren’t you listening to what I said?” Mr. Weber lost his patience: “They add odd numbers, or they even them out. What’s so hard to understand?”
“I think we should get moving.”
Nearing the end of the hallway, Mr. Weber signaled Father Gianni to stay quiet. They peeked around the corner and saw another two maids working quietly so as not to disturb their mistress’s slumber.
The two maids acted weirdly. They stood right in front of Alicia’s door and made funny hand signals or waved a lantern in front of the window (which overlooked the surrounding hills) in specific patterns to signal something or someone outside.
“Curses! Mission failed,” Mr. Weber whispered.
“Why?” Father Gianni inquired.
“Those are Alicia’s scenery-maids. I was hoping we could pull this off before they get here, but now it’s too late.”
“Scenery-maids? What’s a scenery-maid?”
“Alicia would get easily depressed if she walked out of her room and saw the same scenery every morning. So, they change it.”
“Change it? Change it how? It’s a window.”
Mr. Weber glared at him, “How else? They shuffle the trees and bushes around.” He peeked at the maids again, “It must be the rest of their team they’re signaling to, working on that hill over there.”
Eyes wide, Father Gianni asked, “You mean to tell me there are people out there, working, at this hour of every night, moving the trees of an entire hill?”
“Yes. Well, sometimes they just do minor stuff: change the direction of the river, build a few fancy log cabins here and there, then take them down the next night. Stuff like that. Look, I’m not sure what they do, but I’ve been told they’re really good. One time, they brought Alicia Mount Schwarzer Grat for Christmas and took it back before anyone noticed it was missing. She was so thrilled that she rewarded them with a whole day off for it.”
“Mount—what?”
“Anyway, this will take all night long, and we can’t break into Alicia’s room with them around. We have to go back.”
Recovering from the blow, Father Gianni noticed a copper thurible in the hands of one of the statues. “Wait, I’ve got an idea.”
Holding the thurible in one hand and a bible in the other, Father Gianni stepped tall onto the hallway.
“Oh, Father Gianni?” The maids were surprised at his sudden appearance.
Father Gianni said, “I hope I’m not interrupting your work or anything.”
“Not at all,” one maid said, smiling.
The other followed, “Our job is very relaxing. We give directions, and then there’s a lot of waiting in between.”
“What are you doing here at this hour, Father?”
He said, “Oh, I just thought I’d drop by and do a quick blessing of Alicia’s tower, um, you know, for Saint Stanislaus’s Day.”
“But Saint Stanislaus’s Day is next week,” one maid pointed out.
“True, true,” said Father Gianni. “But he’s always been an impatient figure. Restless actually. It’s best to ask for his blessing early.”
“Didn’t he meditate for three days and nights without food and water?”
Her friend followed up: “And he did not move an inch from his spot the whole time.”
Father Gianni snapped, “Who’s the priest here, me or you? You want to wear this robe and do my job? Be my guest!”
The maids flinched. “I’m sorry.”
“We didn’t mean any offense.”
Father Gianni sniffled, “Not to worry, all is forgiven. Now, this should only take a minute, if you don’t mind.”
“Yes, of course.”
Instead of leaving, the maids knelt down, joined their hands in front of them, and shut their eyes!
Father Gianni was confused. He peeked over his shoulder at Mr. Weber, who waved his arm for Father Gianni to go ahead with the scheme.
“Aren’t you going to start?” a maid asked.
“Oh, uh, yes.” He opened his bible. “Let us pray.”
Once the maid shut her eyes again and Father Gianni started chanting, Mr. Weber snuck forward on his toes, quietly making his way past them into Alicia’s room.
***
“Where is it? Where?” Mr. Weber mumbled to himself as he searched the room in the dark.
He opened a cabinet door when suddenly a secondary cabinet shot out from the inside. Dozens of small drawers opened up, causing a small ruckus that made Mr. Weber hop to his toes.
Alicia mumbled in her sleep but did not wake up. 
Mr. Weber sighed with relief. He looked in the opened drawers with their countless small bottles and bizarre tools. “What is this? An alchemist’s laboratory?”
He picked up an odd tool that looked like a hairbrush with its head forked into three parts. “What is this for?” He shrugged, put the tool back, and carefully pushed the pop-out cabinet back inside.
“Aha!” Mr. Weber had figured out where his target was. He tiptoed his way to the big dollhouse set on a table near Alicia’s bed and carefully opened its wall.
Fufi, sleeping on a bed inside the dollhouse, startled when the house opened, but before he could escape, Mr. Weber snatched him into a small sack he had brought with him. “I’ve got you!”
Fufi struggled and bounced around in the sack, squeaking out panicked noises. Mr. Weber shushed him as he snuck back where he’d come from. Carefully, he creaked the door open to see if all was clear for him to come out.
Mr. Weber’s eyes flung wide open. Father Gianni was blindfolded with his arms spread before him as he joyfully chased after the two maids who laughed and clapped their hands for him to follow the noise.
“Over here!”
“No, here!”
“I will catch youuu.”
Mr. Weber shut the door and said to himself, “How exactly did this develop?”
Alicia mumbled and turned in her sleep. 
Mr. Weber panicked and quickly opened the door. He froze, shocked to now see Father Gianni reading from the bible with the two maids kneeling before him, praying—exactly as he had left them.
Father Gianni motioned for him to hurry up.
Mr. Weber, quite flabbergasted, nodded with his head. 
He hurried down the hallway, past the endless rooms and passages. He hid from countless teams of maids, dashed by the tower’s entrance where Mr. Lang stood guard, proceeded his way down to the castle’s courtyard, to where Mr. Meyer awaited with a horse, and he rode off out of the castle grounds.
***
Reaching a bridge, Mr. Weber dismounted and brought out the sack with Fufi still struggling inside.
He bellowed, “This is where we part ways, rat!”
Mr. Weber raised the sack high over his head to throw it into the river, but he froze at the last moment and could not do it.
He tried again, but once again, his heart wouldn’t let him.
“Oh, hell!” he cursed, not knowing what to do.
A wagon passed behind him. Its bed was loaded with mail and packages. Curious, Mr. Weber watched it.
A few minutes later, the same wagon continued its way with a new package added to its load. From within the package, Fufi made little shrieks for help.
Mr. Weber clapped his hands with satisfaction. “Farewell, my furry little friend. Never come back again.”
He headed back to the castle.
***
Putting up an epic struggle, Fufi cut his way out of the sack, widened a hole in the wooden package, and came out to inspect his surroundings.
He was surprised to see the castle far beyond the hills, receding further and further away.
Defeated and utterly brokenhearted, Fufi slowly lowered his tail…
Suddenly, though, his little whiskers waved in the air.
Fufi made lots of angry grunts. He searched around the package, sat on its top, and started eating stamps.
Chapter 13

Alicia & Spy
(Day 1 —Awaiting the Emperor’s Salvation)


On her way to sell the day’s freshly made butter, Olga was surprised to see Mr. Kunibert working on his shop, again at an early morning hour.
The rat traps were smashed and thrown out along with much of the usual merchandise. The store’s interior was getting a complete overhaul as it was to be fitted for a new business. Bags of powder lay outside, waiting to be organized and displayed for sale. But the weirdest part of the whole scene was Mr. Kunibert himself, who looked utterly cheerful!
“Good morning, Mr. Kunibert,” Olga greeted him.
Mr. Kunibert got excited. “Oh, Olga. See? What did I tell you? I was right, and you were wrong.” He cracked a laugh.
“Right about what?”
“About Alicia’s coup.”
Olga rolled her eyes with disbelief.
Mr. Kunibert came out of his shop, taunting her, “Don’t you now pretend you did not hear the cannons, see the armies marching, or the ruckus of men fighting. Yesterday’s battle has made it clear: Alicia really did overthrow her father. His army tried to restore the castle under his control, but Alicia’s forces pushed them back. What more proof do you need? Come on, come on: admit you were wrong.”
Irritated, Olga countered, “Riiight. Oh, Mr. Kunibert, you totally got me. How could I have been so naïve? How could I possibly deny it after yesterday’s battle. Oh, no. Not after the horrors and the masses of poor, dead soldiers that I’ve seen. The town’s cemetery must be full of them. Ah, how many people do you think lost their lives at yesterday’s God-wrath of a massacre? Oh, please be gentle on my poor heart and tell me it’s the number I have in mind.”
Mr. Kunibert froze. “Actually…”
“Yes?”
“Not one.”
She glared daggers at him. “And thus, from this day onward, our war un-ravaged town shall be un-haunted for all eternity by the ghosts of not-really-dead soldiers, who did-not-fall, at the battle of No-One-Raised-a-Finger. Goodness, I must have my cottage exorcised and blessed twice before breakfast.”
Mr. Kunibert mumbled, “I don’t want to talk about this anymore.”
“For Christ’s sake, Mr. Kunibert: it’s a show!” she yelled.
“I said I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Perhaps it’s for the best. One of these days, I want to meet this reliable source of yours and ask them what they’ve been drinking.”
Stiff and unsettled, Mr. Kunibert inexplicably started stealing looks at something behind Olga’s back. Olga looked over her shoulder to see what it was.
Her mouth hung open when she realized it was the skinny old woman in a pink dress across the road, walking down the market street whilst speaking to a stone she held in her hand.
Olga’s face shot back towards Mr. Kunibert. She hissed, “That’s your reliable source? Crazy Nancy?”
Embarrassed, Mr. Kunibert tried to explain: “Well, um, you see, the thing is—she seems to know things.”
“You know—” said Nancy.
Olga flew into a panic. She flinched and jumped on her toes a whole step to the side when she heard Nancy’s voice and realized Nancy was suddenly standing right behind her. It was as if she had appeared out of thin air.
“They call me the town’s crazy lady,” Nancy said through a creepy thin smile while patting the stone in her hand like a pet. “But I’m not really crazy.”
“Uh, um, no, of course not.” Olga forced a smile.
Nancy leaned towards Olga and whispered, chuckling, “I just play crazy so as to trick them.”
“Trick them? Trick who?”
“The little people.”
“Ah!”
“Hush! Keep your voice down,” Nancy stared cautiously left and right. “They are listening. Always listening. But you can’t let them know that I know. They are a mad and vicious lot. And they’ll cause big trouble and milk every last cow in town stone-dry if they suspect I know the things that I know. You see, my dear, I hear things.”
“I have no doubt that you do.”
“Things that are whispered in dark places and things that are whispered in places not so darrrk at all.”
Olga felt completely creeped out. “You know, Mrs. Pelosi,” she said while steering Nancy by her shoulders towards a building, “why don’t you go play by the town’s hall over there before you ruin some strapped author’s stimulus or something.”
“Over there?” She pointed with her hand.
“Yes. There’s a squad of four clowns and…and…everything. It’s really fun, I promise.”
“Oh?” Nancy showed Olga her stone and asked, “Can I bring Schumer with me? He’s very shy and doesn’t go anywhere without me.”
“With all honesty, Mrs. Pelosi, nobody cares what Schumer does. Just go.”
Once Nancy was on her way, Olga turned to Mr. Kunibert with fire in her eyes.
He stammered, “She has relatives. They work at the castle. People share things that they hear, you know.”
Olga let out a sigh and threw her head back with hopelessness. She then asked in a more normal tone, “Anyway, what are you doing this time?”
Mr. Kunibert turned to his shop. “Well, a messenger came from the castle yesterday and informed me that selling rat traps is now a crime, and I must get rid of all merchandise or face fines and imprisonment.”
“Did he say why?”
Mr. Kunibert shrugged, “Only that it’s in the name of the greater good. But no matter the reason, I was out of business as of yesterday.”
Olga raised an eyebrow. “Then why do you look so happy?”
Mr. Kunibert laughed. “It’s just one of those moments, you know, when your bad luck is so ridiculous you can’t help but laugh at it then stubbornly bear your fangs in the face of life and dare it to bring it on.”
“I think I understand. So, what are you going to do? I mean, obviously you’re already doing something, but what is it?”
“I’m changing my business again.”
“To what?”
“Pest control,” he declared. “Not the rats, of course. This time, I’m going to sell my special mix of cockroach poison. Now, it may be a humble business that doesn’t earn much, but let’s see the castle place restrictions on a business like this.”
Olga placed her index finger to her chin and looked upwards, deep in thought, “I can’t think of any possible reason why they would.”
“Exactly. The last laugh will be mine!” And like a triumphant villain, he laughed an evil, loud laugh.
***
Alicia and Paris were having breakfast together in Alicia’s dining hall.
“You seem a bit upset this morning,” Paris commented.
“I am,” replied Alicia. “Fufi went out on a walk, all on his own. I woke up this morning, and he wasn’t there.”
Her hand flew to her chest. “Goodness! Is he all right?” 
“Not to worry. I’m sure he’s only curious and decided to explore the place,” said Alicia. “Still, I wish he had the company of his pets-maid so that I could know he’s okay.”
“We should look for him.”
“Already done,” said Alicia. “I called my lost-and-found-maids, all twenty of them, and told them to leave no stone unturned until he’s found.”
“Yes, well, now I can’t help but worry. I’ll have my lost-and-found-maids help out, too. They’re really good. One time, I sent them to Jerusalem to find a ring that I’d lost when I journeyed there. They found it, as well as Solomon’s ring and a bunch of Dead Sea scrolls.”
A Russian breakfast-maid approached Paris and curtsied. “The usual course, my lady?”
“Yes.”
Curious, Alicia raised an eyebrow, “A usual course? You no longer favor surprises?”
“Oh, well, you know, I’ve been trying to bring a sense of more stability into my life recently, so I got into the habit of having a pre-determined set of favorites and left just one final dish for the chef’s surprise.”
“Oh, that sounds nice,” said Alicia.
“Mm, it is—sort of. I’m not sure yet if I really like it or not. Anyway, nowadays I start off my mornings with a shot of light Lafite wine, a tiny slice of Pule, its edge soaked in Shiraz, of courseee—” 
Paris’s maids were already lined up, waiting to serve her once she was available. 
“—Followed by a teensy-weensy slice of gold-plated Costa del Sol with a cherry and a layer of cream on top. Then, for Tuesdays, a teaspoon-bite of boiled egg sprinkled with—”
Alicia gasped. Her hands flew to cover her mouth, and her maids startled.
Paris and her maids noticed their reaction. “What’s wrong?” Paris asked.
Alicia looked left and right. She signaled Paris to lean closer in order to whisper in her ear. But just then, a Russian breakfast-maid came into the hall, holding a plate over her shoulder. On it, a single boiled egg lay in a cup of gold. The maid was about to stand in line behind the others.
Paris’s face darkened when she heard the news from Alicia. 
“IVEN!”
Iven came running.
Paris raged: “If I see a single egg within a thousand paces from me, HEADS WILL ROLL!” 
The maid with the egg immediately spun on her heel and headed back where she’d come from.
“Yes!” Iven drew out his sword. His eyes glared viciously left and right, looking for eggs.
The maid hurried out her steps with panic, escaping the hall.
***
“Good morning,” Mr. Weber sang as he entered his office.
Mr. Meyer and Madam Schneider were there waiting for him. Mr. Weber noticed that Madam Schneider looked exhausted. A thin sheet of metal was in her hand.
He commented, “Ah, um—you look tired this morning.”
“Do I?”
“You’ve got black bags under your eyes,” Mr. Meyer agreed. “Did something happen?”
Madam Schneider exhaled. “Princess Paris had a little trouble falling asleep last night. We offered her sleeping remedies, but she refused them and said she’d rather have some rain.”
“Have some rain?” 
“Yes,” said Madam Schneider. “Apparently, the sound of rain helps her fall asleep.”
“Yes, but how could you accommodate the desire to ‘have some rain’? You don’t just pray for rain and make it happen.”
“Of course not,” said Madam Schneider. “I had eight maids standing on the roof, pouring out watering cans outside her window. Ten times as many maids ran back and forth to resupply them with water. By the time Princess Paris fell asleep, I estimate we emptied out enough refilled watering cans to fill three swimming pools.”
The mystery behind some of the things he’d witnessed in the tower suddenly dawned on Mr. Weber.
Mr. Meyer asked, “So, just to be clear, you tell me that you felt bad for your crew, decided to help them out, and ended up watering Paris’s balcony, all night long?”
“No.” Madam Schneider shook the metal sheet she had in her hand, making a thundering noise. “I was the thunder.”
After a pause of awkward silence, Mr. Meyer changed the topic. “So, Mr. Weber, how did your night go?”
“Perfect.” Mr. Weber bellowed, puffing out his chest, “I took care of our unwanted guest and got rid of it without a trace, exactly as I told you I would.”
“Are you sure?” asked Madam Schneider.
“Confident! There’s no need to go into details, and I won’t, of course, as it can be very graphic.”
“Goodness.” Madam Schneider’s hand flew to her mouth. “I only told you to get rid of it. Not kill it. Now I feel terrible.”
With his chest about to explode with ego, Mr. Weber said, “Yes, well, the little villain put up quite a struggle. It was an epic fight. But a man has to do what he has to do. I can tell you all about it later if you insist.”
“God, NO!” She screamed, horrified and covered her face with her palms.
“So, now we can proceed…?” Mr. Meyer asked tentatively. After a pause, he persisted: “Madam Schneider?”
Madam Schneider sucked in a deep breath, turned her face between the two men and said, “Very well, I will fulfill my part of the deal and find you ten maids you can count on. But it will not be easy. Most maids are only here to do a job, not to look for trouble. Others exhibit sentiments of great loyalty to luminaries of excellence and royalty. That means they are extremely loyal to Alicia, who is not just royalty, and not just the rightful ruler, but the sole heiress to a continuous and most prestigious bloodline of twenty-one princesses—every one of them caused more trouble in her time than the last. It’s hard not to find oneself in awe before such a legacy.”
“And that’s exactly the kind of noble and selflessly loyal trait we should be looking for in our candidates,” said Mr. Weber. “All that we’re doing is babysit a rightful ruler to keep her safe from harm until we can depose her in favor of a more rightful ruler, once he arrives. It’s extremely loyal, I assure you.”
Madam Schneider said, “I will need some time to sift a few candidates with that mindset. What’s more, how on earth will they come up with enough excuses to convince Alicia not to leave her tower for three whole days? The very idea sounds ridiculous.”
“You let me worry about that,” Mr. Weber said. “I will mentor them in the wonderful art of sleazy excuses.”
Mr. Meyer added, “May I suggest finding a quiet place for that?”
“That’s not a problem. The storages in the castle’s basement will serve such purpose,” offered Madam Schneider. “It’s spacious and relatively quiet.”
“Excellent. But, um, will you be joining us?” Mr. Weber wanted to know.
Madam Schneider scoffed, “Of course not! I said I’ll fulfill my part of the deal. I did not say I’m willing to take part in your scheme.”
“But then how will I know who the right maids are? There are tons of maids working at this place, and you don’t even have a list of names yet.”
Madam Schneider thought about it for a moment. “Well, since they’ll be going into the storages and all, how about I have them each carry a basket of peaches? That will serve as a sure sign to you and help avoid suspicion from others.”
“Excellent idea,” said Mr. Weber. “Have them meet me after we’re done with the morning duties.”
Mr. Meyer said, “You mean after the meeting with the foreign emissaries here for Alicia’s proposed trade agreements?” 
Surprised, Mr. Weber asked, “You mean somebody actually showed up?”
Mr. Meyer shrugged in response.
Mr. Weber said, “Fine, fine. I guess we’ll deal with that first. Go find out where Alicia is and let her know. I’ll be right behind you.”
***
After Mr. Meyer and Madam Schneider exited the office, Mr. Weber proceeded to look over the most urgent documents and reports. He soon heard a knock on the door.
“Come in.”
A mailman entered. “I am looking for Mr. Weber.”
“Yes, that would be me.”
The mailman took out a package from his bag. “This is returned mail for you.”
A great cloud darkened over Mr. Weber. His eyes widened with horror before the sight of the package which he’d hidden Fufi in last night.
“Returned—what?” He panicked. “Oh, no, no, no. This surely is a mistake. Take this back and—”
“And this,” the mailman offered him a document, “is the notice of the applicable fine for serving mail with insufficient postage. If you wish to futilely appeal the decision of the post office, you will find the necessary instructions written on the back in a very, very fine print—unintentionally damaged by rain. Please follow them to the letter.”
“Insufficient postage? That’s impossible!” Mr. Weber shouted. “What, where, who?” He flipped the package around every which way but could not see a single postage stamp on it. “Where did the postages go? I stuck them to the package myself.”
“That’s pretty much what ‘insufficient postage’ means.” The mailman offered him the document and said, “Please sign here.”
“Wait a second,” Mr. Weber hissed with suspicion. He shook the package close to his ear, then opened it. “It’s empty!”
“Please sign here.”
Mr. Weber was too busy inspecting the package. He tucked his finger in a hole he discovered in the sack, then inspected a hole in the package itself. He wondered aloud, “What? Did it escape? Oh, well. That just means it’s run off somewhere, and the problem is solved just the same.”
“Escaped?” The mailman raised an eyebrow.
Realizing his mistake, Mr. Weber swallowed. “No, no, of course not. I merely meant that the content of the package must have—”
It was too late. The mailman was writing Mr. Weber another fine. “Sir, did you just say that you attempted to ship a living thing without filling out the proper forms?”
Mr. Weber sighed with despair, unaware of the tiny glowing eyes peering down at him from a crack in the ceiling—and the possessor of those eyes had seen and heard everything about the coup in progress.
Chapter 14

Alicia & Income Equality


After Alicia and Paris left the dining hall, they decided to enjoy their tea in a more refreshing environment. They retired to Alicia’s rose gardens.
Two maids, holding fancy seats in their hands, saw the princesses laughing and chattering as they made their way through the garden. The maids whispered something to one another then approached their mistress, intending to ask her something.
The first maid said, “My lady, sorry to bother you, but since Princess Paris will be joining you at the theater tonight, we thought we should ask how you want the seating arrangements made?”
Paris entwined Alicia’s arm with hers and said, smiling, “Alicia and I will be sitting next to each other, of course. She’s my dearest friend.”
Alicia affirmed, “Exactly. How is that even a question?” 
The maid said, “Yes, of course, but—”
“Oh! Before I forget,” Alicia interrupted, “do inform the Ringmaster that we decided to change the theme to a fright-night.”
Paris added, “I love a good horror show. But I must warn you, I’m not easily spooked. If he can’t get a scream from either of us, he won’t get paid.”
The maid said, “Um, yes, of course. I’ll let him know.”
Her friend asked, “But about the seating arrangements—we need to know how close do you want the seats to be?”
The princesses were upset with how dense the maids were. 
“How close?” Paris spat.
Alicia frowned, “As close as the Holy Ghost to the Virgin Mary. Write that down.” 
The princesses continued their way towards a pavilion.
The maids retreated, clueless. One maid whispered, “Is that really close or really far?”
Her friend shrugged. “I’m not sure.”
“Shall we flip a coin?”
***
Looking at the fine he’d received for his questionable use of the mail, Mr. Weber sighed, “Great! There goes my salary for the rest of the month.” 
Someone knocked on the door. Mr. Weber raised his voice, announcing: “Come in.”
His servant entered. “Sir.”
“What is it? I’m busy right now.”
“Yes, but I thought you should know…” He approached Mr. Weber and whispered the news.
Mr. Weber’s face reddened with rage. “Why, that sneaky rat!” 
He rushed to his office shelves, muttering to himself as he searched for something, “What is it with rats these days? As soon as I get rid of one, another sticks its head out!” He located the document he needed to handle the situation. “If Mr. Meyer wants to play it that way, then so be it. I am fully prepared!”
With not a moment to spare, he rushed out of the office.
He ran through one corridor to the next. Finally, Mr. Weber found Mr. Meyer, who was approaching the entrance leading to Alicia’s rose gardens with a document in his hand. “Aha!” Mr. Weber loudly announced.
Mr. Meyer was caught by surprise and he attempted to hurry into the garden, but Mr. Weber raced towards him and grabbed his arm before he could escape. “And where do you think you’re going?”
Mr. Meyer feigned ignorance. “Oh! Mr. Weber? How wonderful of you to join me so quickly. I was on my way to inform Alicia about the emissaries’ meeting, as we agreed.”
“A most spectacular coherence of you, sir. And, if I may ask, what is that document you hold in your hand, my good and trustworthy friend?”
“Dessert list.”
“Dessert list?”
“Yes,” Mr. Meyer affirmed, “I thought I’d ask the ladies what their preference might be for, um, desserts, later this evening.”
“What a magnificent consideration!” Mr. Weber said, “I must say, your heedful self never ceases to surprise me. Well, luckily, it just so happens that I am an expert in desserts, myself. Mind me having a look?”
Mr. Meyer hid the document behind his back. “No need. It is but a trivial matter that does not warrant the kind concern of a person of your prestige. But I see that you have a document of your own. Care to tell me what it is?”
“Goldfish list.”
“Goldfish list?”
“Yes,” Mr. Weber affirmed. “I thought it would delight the ladies to pick their preference of, um, goldfishes, for Lady Alicia’s new aquarium.”
“Really? What a spectacular insight. Luckily, it just so happens that I’m a goldfishes expert, myself. Mind if I have a look?”
“Not before you show me your list first.”
Mr. Meyer faked insult. “Mr. Weber, are you implying that you don’t trust me?”
“I trust you as much as I trust a cat on a piece of fatty ham!”
“Most preposterous,” said Mr. Meyer. “I must say I am deeply offended.”
“In which case, allow me to offer a half-assed apology that I don’t really mean from the core of my unapologetic heart, for my incredibly accurate comparison. It wasn’t even ten minutes ago that we were plotting schemes together, but you’re already trying to pull a quick, selfish scheme of your own.”
“I’m afraid I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“You don’t, eh?” asked Mr. Weber. “Then what was it that I’ve heard about you preparing an Adjusted Income and Property Tax Bill, when you are not even part of the treasury?”
Mr. Meyer responded coldly, “Oh! That is but an irrelevant topic. It is a mere suggested breakdown of a taxable item or two that are long out of use, for the purpose of simplifying and eliminating unnecessary tax regulations, that’s all. It is nothing that can possibly warrant your concern—Hey!”
Mr. Weber stole the document. “Let me see that.”
“Mr. Weber!” Mr. Meyer attempted to take it back.
His back to Mr. Meyer, Mr. Weber quickly scanned the document with his eyes. “What is this? Property tax cut in half? Income tax eliminated entirely? And a ninety percent reduction of the ROAD TAX?” He spun around and waved the document in the air. “These items are the treasury’s main revenue! Such tax cuts will bankrupt the court in under a month!”
“Nonsense. I did a very careful calculation. The impact is neutral, at worst.”
“Neutral my foot!” Mr. Weber shouted. “You, sir, are trying to use Alicia’s last hours of freedom to get her to sign a bill that will gain you public popularity at the expense of the treasury, in preparation for what may happen once Alicia loses her grip on power upon executing our plot and restoring her father to the throne. Youuu are shielding yourself with popularity while leaving the rest of us open to possible subsequent consequences.”
“What a fictitious interpretation and undisputedly untrue baseless accusation. Where is the proof?”
Mr. Weber waved the document in front of Mr. Meyer’s face, “IT’S CALLED THE MEYER REFORM!”
Mr. Meyer stole the document back. “So what if I put my name on it? It is none of your concern. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I need to present my suggestion to Lady Alicia.”
“Not if I stop you.”
“Oh, look—Alicia’s flying-maids!”
“Her what?” Mr. Weber spun on his heel. He realized a heartbeat too late that Mr. Meyer had escaped into the rose garden. “Hey!”
***
Mr. Meyer ran through the rose gardens, maneuvering around vases, water fountains, and relaxation-maids while stealing looks over his shoulder at Mr. Weber, who followed closely behind him.
He located Alicia and Paris in a pavilion, surrounded by half-a-dozen maids and guarded by Iven. Mr. Meyer quickly made his way towards them and bellowed, out of breath, “Ah, Princess Alicia, Princess Paris: what–huff–what a wonderful morning it is.”
“Mr. Meyer?” Alicia commented. “Oh, and Mr. Weber.”
Exhausted, Mr. Weber climbed the stairs of the pavilion. “My–my–huff–my ladies.” 
Mr. Meyer glared at his colleague and feigned offense. “Mr. Weber, I must say we are disturbed by your behavior. I know that you’re trying to lose weight, but our lady’s rose gardens is not the place for that.”
“No. I was only—”
Mr. Meyer pretended to pat Mr. Weber’s back. “There, there, now. Catch your breath!” Mr. Meyer discretely delivered a blow that left Mr. Weber breathless.
Mr. Meyer turned to the princesses, intending to wrap up his scheme quickly. “Princess Alicia, what a wonderful coincidence to meet you here. I was on my way to see you just now.”
“Hm. Did you need something?” asked Alicia.
“Oh, well, it’s not something for myself, of course. Rather, it’s just a small matter that needs your signature. I do hope I’m not disturbing this lovely tea time of yours.”
Breathless and his back hunched, Mr. Weber attempted to stop him, “I think we are, and we should come back later.” He tried to steal the document, but Mr. Meyer secretly stomped on his foot.
“This will only take a moment.” Mr. Meyer put the document on the table and offered Alicia a quill pen and ink bottle. “If you’d please sign here, then Mr. Weber and I can be on our way so as not to cause you any further inconvenience.”
“Mm? Sure,” said Alicia. “But what is it?”
“A small gesture that’s been on my mind for a while, and one which can only improve our lady’s already high popularity among her subjects through an insignificant tax cut that will promote income equality.”
“Which is totally unnecessary and with no guaranteed results,” Mr. Weber interjected. He attempted to take the quill pen from Mr. Meyer’s hand as sneakily as possible.
Alicia said, “Oh, on the contrary. I think it’s a wonderful idea—I mean, if it will bring more income equality and make my people happier, I don’t see why not.”
“But, but, my lady—” Mr. Weber panicked.
“Exactly, Princess Alicia. Now, if you please,” and Mr. Meyer guided her to sign the document.
“Oh, don’t bother.” Paris suddenly advised, just before Alicia began her signature. “I’ve already tried that income equality thingy once before. It doesn’t work. A total waste of time.”
Mr. Meyer objected, “With all due respect to your highness’s opinion, I’m pretty sure these measures will—”
Alicia asked Paris, “How so?”
“Well, if you must know…” Paris signaled her hands-maid, who rushed to powder her lady’s hand. Paris then resumed her explanation. “I had those two nerd-merchants back in Moscow, Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk, who kept hoarding fortune over fortune until they got so rich, people started to complain and demand income equality. So, I taxed both their businesses to a total of fifty percent of their income. But they kept getting richer.”
Mr. Weber asked, eyes wide, “Fifty percent? And they kept getting richer?”
“Yes. Weird, isn’t it? So, I fined everyone who earns exactly what those two make every day—yet insist on carrying cheap pocket-watches—a hundred and fifty million rubles. But they just kept getting richer.”
Mr. Weber yelped, “A hundred and fifty million-ruble fine?”
“Per day,” Paris corrected.
“Per—And they kept getting richer?”
“Yes. So, I raised their property tax to a hundred and fifty percent of its value. But they just kept getting richer.”
“They kept getting richer?”
“Yes. So I ordered a new five-thousand percent income tax on all bald men married to novelists, and all men with tiny eyes married to actresses, and I made it retroactive to the day they were born. But—”
“They kept getting richer?”
“They kept getting richer.” 
“They kept getting richer until what?”
Paris snapped, “Until GOD implemented income equality the only way he knows how! Geeze.”
“Ah, yes!” said Mr. Weber. “The good old way. It never fails.”
Mr. Meyer said, “Yes, um, that aside, I am sure our lady still wishes to—”
“I think that’s a great idea.” Alicia ordered, “Mr. Meyer, do scrap this useless resolution and let us leave income equality to God.”
“But, my lady—”
Alicia shrugged. “Well if it doesn’t work, it doesn’t work. But while we’re on the subject, I did want to clarify the matter of wealth sharing for quite a while now. So, we might as well get it out of the way.”
“Wealth sharing?” asked Mr. Meyer.
“Of natural resources.” Alicia explained: “How the fruit of our beloved land is shared between the administration and its people. You know—just so that we’re all on the same page. I noticed that the current law is a bit vague on some points. So, go ahead and write the new one down.”
“Uh, um…” Mr. Meyer grabbed a paper and the quill pen. “Yes?” 
Alicia said, “I wish to keep the matter of wealth sharing fair and very simple. So, from this day onward: Everything above the ground is mine. And everything below the ground is for the people.”
He wrote it down. “And everything… below—”
“Minus the silver, gold, diamonds, copper and other valuables. You know, the usual. Those are also mine.” Alicia finished.
Mr. Weber asked, “But then what’s left for the people?”
Alicia shot him a glare. “Potatoes.”
Paris was curious: “What’s a potato?”
Alicia placed her hand between herself and Paris. She whispered, “Roots gone fat.”
The princesses cracked themselves up, laughing.
Mr. Weber whispered, “Mr. Meyer, you remember the stories where the good old king used to lock up the princess in a tower and guard it with a dragon?”
“Yes?”
Mr. Weber nodded, “It took me a while to figure it out, but it all makes sense now.”
“Oh! I almost forgot,” Alicia said. “I also want you to issue a new Fufi tax.”
“What’s a Fufi tax?” asked Mr. Meyer.
“Fufi, my new pet.”
“Ah!” Mr. Weber joined his hands behind his back. “Yes, I was honestly wondering where the adorable little thing might be. I haven’t seen him today.”
“He’s out to explore the place. But he’ll be back,” said Alicia. “And when he arrives, I want to surprise him with his new pool.”
“His pool?”
Mr. Meyer asked, “So, what you’re saying is that you want us to tax people to fund a pool for Fufi?”
“Well, yes. You see, yesterday, I took Fufi for a walk, and he saw Mitchy playing in his pool—”
“Mitchy?” Mr. Meyer inquired.
“Mitchy, my Wednesday-morning turtle.”
“Ah, of course. That Mitchy.”
Alicia hopped on her seat, clapping her hands with excitement. “It’s short for Mitch McConnell.”
Mr. Weber leaned in toward Mr. Meyer to whisper, “Mr. Meyer, I’m a bit confused. You mean to tell me the Mitch McConnell we see every Wednesday morning is a real turtle?”
“You didn’t know?” asked Mr. Meyer.
“Well I be placed in a bewilderment: I thought it was a person who just so happens to look like one.”
“He has been successfully destroying the environment and racking up bribes in office in the face of severe negative publicity and relentless hold-accountability attempts for over fifty years. Mr. Weber, had you honestly thought a mere human being with a shred of decency capable of such achievement?”
“This is a most confusing and disturbing topic. Well, I suppose so long as he doesn’t filibuster this book’s release, I don’t really care to what species he belongs.”
Alicia frowned. “You want to hear the story or not?”
Mr. Meyer assured her, “Of course. We’d love nothing more than to hear all about Fufi and Mitch McConnell.”
“It’s a match made in heaven,” Mr. Weber agreed. He pleaded with genuine interest, “Please, do continue.”
Alicia resumed her tale. “Well, what happened was that Mitchy got jealous because Fufi was getting all the attention and refused to share his pool with Fufi. Now, I suspect Fufi is upset about it and will try to use Mitchy’s pool anyway. So, I thought it only stands to reason that Fufi should have his own pool.”
Mr. Weber asked, “So, just for the sake of clarity, Mitchy the Wednesday-morning turtle has his own pool?”
“And his own abacus,” Alicia confirmed. “He’s very good at predicting numbers.”
Mr. Meyer said softly, “My lady, we understand how you feel. But still, to tax the poor people for the sole purpose of building Fufi a pool is—”
“A brilliant idea!” Mr. Weber interrupted.
To Mr. Meyer’s surprise, Mr. Weber snatched the document off the table and wrote on it. “Yes, that will certainly make Fufi happy and solve all our problems. I imagine that our beloved taxpayers will gladly give their hard-earned money once we explain the situation for them in detail.”
Mr. Meyer asked, “Why are you writing on my document?”
“I knew you’d agree,” said Alicia.
While still writing, Mr. Weber asked, “So, about Fufi’s pool: marble flooring, I presume? With cute little sculptures pouring water?”
“And a jump-board,” Alicia added. “Fufi is a great jumper.”
“Of course. Let’s make that a triple jump-board then, with a golden ladder, and let us hire a full-time lifeguard for the pool while we’re at it. Anything for dear Fufi.” He offered her the document. “Sign here, please.”
Once Alicia signed, Mr. Weber waved the document before Mr. Meyer and said, “And I will make sure the people know exactly who to thank for this wonderful and most humane act, this—MEYER REFORM!”
Mr. Meyer’s jaw hung open.
Chapter 15

Alicia & the Giving Pledge


“Why, you backstabbing minx!” Mr. Meyer attempted to steal the document, but Mr. Weber had already hidden it in his clothes.
“It’s too late now,” Mr. Weber grinned. He turned to Alicia and brought forth his own document. “Now, I apologize in advance for the inconvenience, my ladies, but I thought you might enjoy another marvelous opportunity to enact more wonderful and humane gestures.”
“Why, of course,” said Paris.
Alicia chimed in, “I’m always up for humane activities.”
“Wonderful. In which case,” Mr. Weber said, offering Alicia the document, “I imagine that my good ladies would love to sign this document. I call it: The Bill Gates Giving Pledge.”
Alicia joined her hands together with excitement. “A giving pledge? How splendid. What is it about?”
He explained, “Well—in a manner most superior to my colleague’s attempt to do more good unto the world—the wonderful people who sign this document will pledge to give away all their money to charity after they pass away. The mere mention of such a selfless gesture is sure to cause my lady’s popularity to riiise to the moon! And the best part is that it appoints only the most trustworthy of administrators to oversee that the wealth is distributed well. And that would be… my humble self.”
Mr. Meyer pulled Mr. Weber’s arm and said with disdain, “Are you trying to inherit our lady’s fortune without involving me? Most outrageous.”
“It’s not my fault you didn’t think of it,” Mr. Weber whispered back.
Alicia responded to the proposal: “I think it’s a wonderful suggestion. This will certainly do much good.” She took the quill pen, ready to sign.
“Oh, you go ahead with that if you like,” Paris said with a most disinterested tone, “but I’m afraid I’ll have to decline, as I have my own pledge to uphold.”
Alicia froze before she signed the document. “You do?”
“Of course,” said Paris. “You’re not the only one with passion for humane activities, you know. In fact, I made up my mind about it years ago. So, I might as well declare it now with so many good witnesses to uphold my will.”
Preparing herself, Paris set her palm on her heart and exhaled the most beautiful, breezy sigh. She then smiled and said to everyone around her, with kindness and humility in her tender voice, “My wonderful companions, do kindly bear witness to my words… For when such a sad time must come that my journey among you is over, the angels shall surely descend at the foot of my bed with their heavenly carriage. It will be with a heavy heart that I must then bid you farewell and ascend to my palace in the heavens. It is thus my heart’s deepest wish that you all…” and she waved her arm to the councilors and maids around her. “Yes. All of you. Every single person present here today, be they highborn or lowborn alike, shall be the chosen ones to take the mountains and mountains of money I’ll leave behind.”
Shocked by her words, the councilors’ eyes widened before such stunning selflessness, and the maids were astounded, frozen with shock and joy.
“And build me a PYRAMID with it!” Paris finished. “Because I’m taking it to the grave with me.”
Silence… Everyone stared at one another, not knowing what to say.
Alicia clapped. “Wonderful! Truly wonderful.”
The maids turned their stunned faces about, then clapped their hands, too.
Alicia was truly excited. “To commend and memorialize your time in this world in such a way is such an everlasting and truly romantic gesture. It’s brilliant!” She threw Mr. Weber’s document away. “I think I’ll go with The Paris Pledge. The Bill Gates version is but trifling nonsense.”
The two councilors looked at one another in disbelief.

Chapter 16

Alicia & Memorial Day


“Now, is there anything else?” asked Alicia.
Still suffering shock, Mr. Weber said, “Well, there’s, um, a small matter of the emissaries who have arrived to negotiate the trade agreements.”
Alicia was quite uninterested. “Oh, we’ve got no time for that.”
Paris reinforced Alicia’s assertion. “Our schedule is full. They’ll have to come back later.”
Mr. Weber begged, “Yes, but…but it was your highness who summoned them. The immediate representatives of other monarchs are to be shown proper courtesy. It’s important.”
Alicia rolled her eyes. “All right, fiiine. If it really is absolutely necessary, then do talk to my schedule-maid and see if she can grant them half an hour or so next Monday.”
Mr. Weber yelped, “Monday? You mean to keep them waiting for a whole week?”
Paris commented, “Oh, I can’t do next Monday. We’re celebrating Cockoroachy’s Memorial Day.”
“Cockoroachy’s Memorial Day?” Mr. Weber straightened his back. “I’m afraid I was unaware of such an important event. But then again, my knowledge of the Russian Orthodox Church’s calendar is lacking. Please do accept my sincere apologies.”
Mr. Meyer asked for clarification. “Is it perhaps a Russian national holiday?”
“No, silly,” Paris laughed. “It’s Cockoroachy’s memorial. We exchange gifts and celebrate the day he ascended unto the heavens.”
Mr. Weber figured it out. “Ah! He’s a Russian saint.”
“No.” Iven joined the conversation to try and explain. “Cockoroachy—the cockroach.”
Mr. Weber shook his head. “I–I’m sorry. I must have misheard. I thought you said cockroach?”
“Yes. Cockroach,” Iven confirmed. “Cockoroachy the cockroach.”
Paris sighed, “He was, and always will be, the most beloved pet I ever had. Oh, how I miss him sooo much.”
His eyes wide, Mr. Weber had to double check. “You–you had a cockroach for a pet?”
“Yes. Cockoroachyyy.”
“You named it?”
“I named it. Yahhh!” Paris shrieked with joy, and she elaborated, “It’s short for Rick S.”
Mr. Weber said, “I kind of already figured out that part.”
“Self-evident, indeed,” Mr. Meyer affirmed.
Eager and excited, Alicia asked, “What’s a cockroach?”
“Oh, you don’t know? Very well then, I’ll tell you.” Paris explained, “They’re the cutest little things ever! They’re so small, fragile and light, you can carry them on the palm of your hand.”
“Light as a bird?”
“Better. Light as a feather. They’re also very fast, full of energy, and they love to play hide-and-seek. I could never ever catch Cockoroachy on my own. I had to hire twenty Cockoroachy-maids to help me find and corner him when we played.”
Mr. Weber asked, “You hired twenty maids for Cockoroachy?”
“I hired twenty maids for Cockoroachy!” She screamed with joy. 
Iven volunteered, “I sing him to sleep. Yes. The Cockoroachy song. I still remember.”
“Alicia, you won’t believe this: he had wings.”
“WINGS?!” Alicia had stars in her eyes. “Where...how...where did you find it?”
“I’ll tell you, but it will do you no good as they are very, very rare.”
“Cockroaches are rare?” asked Mr. Weber.
“Very!” said Paris. “When I first heard about them, I spent days in and days out searching the palace until I found him. Oh, Cockoroachy, I never thought I’d ever meet anything so adorable in my lifetime. It was love at first sight.” She sighed, “Once our hearts touched, I could no longer bear parting with him for even a moment.” She bounced up and down in her seat suddenly and said with excitement, “So I made him a baby-bed in his size and fit it next to my pillow, and we slept together.”
Eyes wide, Mr. Meyer asked. “You slept…with Cockoroachy?”
“I slept with Cockoroachy!” Paris shrieked. “Then, I made him a baby-palace in my room. It had a pool, a dining room, and little servant figurines moving on tracks with cute little sugar-cubes on their trays.”
“You built a palace for Cockoroachy?”
“I built a palace for Cockoroachy!” Paris shrieked. “But then, after a while,” and her voice sank, “he was not happy anymore.”
“The ungrateful beast!” said Mr. Weber.
Mr. Meyer asked, “Was it not enough sugar, perhaps? Or did he get greedy?”
“Greedy? No. Never. Not my Cockoroachy. He was the most giving soul I’ve ever met. He was just lonely.”
“Ah!”
She jumped up and down on her seat, clapping her hands with excitement, “So I got him Cockroachita.”
“Cockro—what…?”
Iven explained. “Cockroachita. Yes. Cockroachita, the girl cockroach.”
Mr. Weber rubbed his forehead. “You got him a girl cockroach?”
“I got him a girl cockroach so they could live happily ever after.”
“You married them?”
“I married them! Yaahhh!” Paris squealed.
Stunned, Mr. Meyer begged, “Excuse me for a moment.” He stepped out of the pavilion with a pale-faced Mr. Weber. He raised his face and arms up to the sky and cried aloud, “Why, God, why didn’t you create me a Russian cockroach? WHYYY?!”
Mr. Weber patted his shoulder. “Mr. Meyer, for all it’s worth, you’ll always be a cockroach to me… Let us head back now. I’m sure the story is far from over.”
The two councilors went back only to find Paris excitedly telling Alicia all about the cockroach nuptials.
Alicia sighed, “Oh, that’s so magical.”
“It was!” agreed Paris. “Oh, you should have seen it, Alicia—it was the most spectacular wedding in the world. I had a baby-coach driving them around the palace, little sugars and biscuits lined the tiny streets; plus, there were the fireworks and the music. Oh, I wish you had been there.” She turned to the two councilors and whined, “How could you not come to Cockoroachy’s wedding? After all, I sent invitations.”
“Please forgive us, your highness,” Mr. Weber begged, “I’m afraid we did not receive them in time.”
Mr. Meyer nodded in agreement. “Had we known in what sewer the wedding was to take place, we would have been sure to attend.”
“Perhaps we will pay him a visit someday and make amends for missing the wedding.”
“No. You can’t,” Paris said, her voice cracking with tears. “He’s no longer among us.”
“He’s not?”
“One day I woke up, and he wasn’t here anymore.” A comfort-maid hurried out to wipe the tear off Paris’s face. “That’s how cockroaches ascend into the heavens, you know. They suddenly… disappear… whole.”
Mr. Weber was confused. “They do? Why, I’m no expert in cockroaches, but I’m pretty sure that’s not—” 
Iven panicked. He quickly signaled Mr. Weber to shut up and join him for a private word. 
“Ah! I mean—please excuse me for a moment,” Mr. Weber said and followed Iven.
Alicia attempted to comfort her friend. “It’s okay, Paris, it’s okay. You know he’s in a better place now, and...and...Ah! He’s got a girl cockroach to keep him company, right?”
“Yesss,” Paris wept, “that is true.” 
Iven pulled Mr. Weber aside. He whispered while signaling towards Paris with his eyes, “Hush! Do not say… Accident.”
“Accident?”
“Yes. Great tsar. Squash. Step on Cockoroachy.”
“Aahhh!” Mr. Weber finally got it. “He got stuck to a shoe.”
“Yes. Daddy Imperial stomp. Very deadly. Squash-squash. Most efficient. Me now, very happy.”
Mr. Weber patted Iven’s upper arms. “The feeling is mutual, my friend. Well, at least the damn cockroach didn’t move too far from the ways of its folks. Most cockroaches tend to meet the same ending, you know.”
“Oh, cockroaches? You mean here?” A relaxation-maid passing nearby just so happened to have overheard that last bit of the conversation. “Goodness! Well, not to worry, I’ve heard of someone who opened a new shop in town selling poison mixes for cockroaches and such. They say he’s really good. If you like, I can gooo aaand—” 
The unwitting maid’s voice sank near the end of her sentence as she had only just noticed the signals her friends were giving her from behind Alicia and Paris’s backs as they waved their arms in the air and covered their mouths with their palms—signaling her to shut up.
Confused, the maid turned her face from her friends to the two princesses, who, she now saw, were glaring at her with fire raging in their eyes.
***
Merely an hour after the incident, the maid from earlier—the one who suggested the poison for cockroaches—asked a shopkeeper in town, “Hello? I’m here to ask about the job you advertised.”
Behind her, on the opposite side of the road, the castle guards were all but closing Mr. Kunibert’s shop with chains, locks, and wooden beams.
Once the guards left, Mr. Kunibert—who stood outside the store, watching them—took off his hat and approached the barricaded door. He stared at the many notices now nailed to it—an assortment of fines and official announcements barring his business.
Mr. Kunibert fell to his knees, raised his face, and cried to the heavens, “WHHYYY?”
Chapter 17

Alicia & Trade Negotiations


In order to avoid a political crisis resulting from insult, Mr. Weber put an epic effort into convincing Alicia to meet with the foreign monarchs’ emissaries.
Alicia and Paris assumed their places on golden thrones positioned atop the dais in a great hall lined with a white marble floor, magnificent red curtains, antique statues, golden wall crowns and ornaments.
Mr. Weber took his place near the princesses’ thrones. 
Some fifty paces away, the foreign emissaries stood in line in groups of three or five men. Each group was led by its own high-ranking official.
Alicia made an elegant nod of her head, signaling the Lord Chamberlain of her court to begin the important political event.
The Lord Chamberlain—who wore a fancy brown wig, silver tight pants with a matching vest and coat, and who held a grand staff in his hand—bowed his upper half in a slow and calculated motion.
The Lord Chamberlain then tapped his staff to the floor with a loud bang and announced in a great voice, “Baron Joe Manchin, Representative of the Duke of Gelderland!”
The first group approached the dais.
They were led by an elderly man who wore a white wig, yellow tight pants, a yellow vest, and a red coat embroidered with golden patterns. He had his own grand staff, which he tapped with utter arrogance over the floor as he approached.
The man introduced himself, his nose as high as his voice, “Baron Joe Manchin. Official Representative of Duke Mitt Romney, great lord of the Duchy of Gelderland, most supreme is his name in the highest order of the Confederal Government of the Great Neanderthals and constituted colonies.”
Eyes flung wide, Mr. Weber spat, “Neanderthals?”
“I said Netherlands,” the baron corrected.
“I’m pretty sure you said—”
“I said Netherlands, sir. I never said Neanderthals!” The baron raged and flapped the edge of his coat. “What is this...this lack of respect and distorted discourtesy? Such a thing is unbefitting of an esteemed court.”
“I welcome you to my court, Baron,” said Alicia. “What word do you bring from the good duke?”
The baron turned to Alicia and said, crudely, “The duke outrightly rejects your proposal, end to end, and that is his final decision.”
“Why?” asked Mr. Weber.
The baron explained, “We already have a fruitful trade agreement with the greater German Holy Roman Empire. Why then would we suffer the extra cost and effort of establishing separate trade agreements with every region of the empire, not to mention the complications which would result from such affairs?”
Alicia said, “We have the best and highest quality products in all the region of Bavaria.”
The baron said, uninterested, “Yesss, well, sorry to disappoint you, but Duke Mitt Romney wishes to focus his resources towards international trade instead. For reasons that are entirely in line with his most refined moral code, he finds it most delightful and entirely appropriate to purchase Chinese goods of lesser price, poor longevity, which have virtually no quality control, which take away jobs from our people, and, most importantly, are produced by forced labor with workers who suffer under the most inhumane working conditions.”
Alicia waved her hand, dismissing him.
The Lord Chamberlain tapped his staff to the floor. The baron bowed his head and exited the hall with his colleagues.
As soon as Duke Mitt Romney’s emissary left, Alicia and Paris snapped, “The nerve of that arrogant pickle!”
“And the way he wears his wig! Did you see it?”
“He has handfuls of his real hair sticking out all over.”
“Did you hear the way he talks?”
“I had to hold myself back not to laugh at his ridiculous shoes.”
“I bet he’s the kind of a person who scares little children and wants to cancel unemployment benefits at times of pandemics.”
“You know he is.”
Mr. Weber attempted to calm the princesses. “Now, now, ladies, I beg your patience, please. Let’s not unravel the tapestry of a good diplomatic relationship ascribed to a little haste. The duchy of Gelderland is an important region. The duke has his reasons, and he did send a goodwill emissary in response to our proposal.”
“Oh, he did, did he?” Paris hissed with contained rage, “I say, let us send the good duke a gift in return. Something that also speaks of goodwill.”
“Ah, what a wise suggestion,” said Mr. Weber. “Yes, indeed, nothing like a goodwill gift to avoid political animus. Excellent. And what would my lady recommend for a gift?”
“A couple of assassins.”
“Wonderful—Wait! A—WHAT?” Mr. Weber yelped.
Alicia said, “Paris, that’s terrible. Is that how you handle diplomacy in Russia?”
“Why, yes,” said Paris, “twice at breakfast and three times before supper. That’s Russian politics.”
Alicia scoffed. “Well, luckily, this is the German Holy Roman Empire. We handle such matters with class, elegance and proper backdoor communications.”
Mr. Weber sighed with relief. “Yes, exactly. Well said, my lady, truly well said. A humble mediator can go a long way.”
Alicia ordered, “Find out who his physician is, and bribe him.”
“TO POISON THE DUKE?” Mr. Weber snapped.
Alicia rolled her eyes. “To prescribe him a healthy dose of laxatives and sleep aids. Together.”
Paris’s hand flew to cover her mouth at the naughtiness. “Goodness!”
Alicia hissed with vengeance, “And let us wish the good duke much, much luck finding a marriage partner once the word is out.”
Mr. Weber froze in place for a long pause. He then took a quill pen and paper from his assistant and asked Paris, “Sooo, my sweet and most forgiving lady, about the assassination option: is there a preferred weapon of choice, or should I tell the assassins to just go with whatever they find appropriate?”
Paris intoned with naughtiness, “Well, call me sentimental, but ever since I saw the play: The Tragedy of Julius Caesar, I find death by twenty-three stabs to be quite romantic.”
“Ah! Most refined choice as usual, my lady. Most refined choice, indeed.”
“You’re welcome.”
The Lord Chamberlain tapped his staff to the floor and announced, “Representative of the Prince of Castile!”
The next group of representatives approached the dais.
Having seen what just happened, their leader turned his face between the princesses and the door through which the duke’s emissaries had left. He said with a tremor in his voice, “Our prince, Marco Rubio, gladly accepts the ladies’ proposal and has sent us to personally ask the good, kind and most gracious princesses to dictate trade agreement provisions of your own preference.”
“A wise choice indeed,” said Mr. Weber.
Chapter 18

Alicia & Coup


Mr. Schroder, disguised as an old farmer, waited between the bushes outside the walls of Alicia’s castle.
He heard movement, and soon, ten men in disguise—dressed in ordinary clothing and each holding a basket of turnips—appeared through the vegetation.
He asked quietly, “You’re the men Mr. Kruger chose?”
In response, one of the men motioned with the basket of turnips he held.
“Excellent.” He pushed some vegetation aside to reveal a secret passage in the wall. He ordered, “Follow me.”
***
Mr. Weber snuck into the basement of the castle and located the storage rooms. He inspected his surroundings to make sure no one was roaming nearby and opened the door.
Once inside, he found ten women in disguise, dressed in ordinary dresses and each holding a basket of peaches. 
He asked quietly, “You’re the ladies Madam Schneider chose?”
In response, one of the women motioned with the basket of peaches she held.
“Excellent.” He closed the door behind him.
***
As the men quietly made their way through a long and narrow passage, Mr. Schroder heard whispering once they neared the secret door. He signaled his men to remain quiet, then peeked through a hole in the door to the storage to see if anyone was inside.
He saw Mr. Weber instructing the women.
“Like I told you, it’s the easiest thing in the world.” Mr. Weber explained: “All you have to do is keep Alicia in her room. Always give her excuses not to leave.”
“We’ll run out of excuses before the first day is over,” one woman said.
“You know she’s very active,” another followed.
Mr. Weber said, “That’s why you need to keep your reasons fluid. There’s always something: the weather, the wind is too windy, the floor wasn’t mopped properly, you had a dream with an ominous sign. Trust me, these things are very effective. Then, you follow it by immediately promising to attend to all her needs in the comfort and safety of her room. The key to our plan is to make Alicia and Paris lock themselves up and not leave the tower so that the rest of us can run the show.”
A man whispered to Mr. Schroder, “What’s going on?”
Mr. Schroder said, “It is as I suspected. The ambition of these evil conspirators knows no limits. Not only did they take the princesses hostage, now they want to lock them in their rooms like an actual dungeon.”
Above the conspirators’ heads, Fufi watched carefully from atop a wooden ceiling beam. Next, his attention was rapt by noises coming from across the wall. Fufi ran along the beam and pushed himself through a tiny hole in the wall, where he saw Mr. Schroder with his own group of conspirators gathered by the door of the secret passage.
Fufi did not waste a second.
He ran back into the storage, jumped from one beam to the next, pushed himself through holes in the walls, down sewer tubes, upwards behind the kitchen’s counters, raced under the maids’ feet in the passages of the castle, and occasionally stopped to listen to what the castle staff said about Alicia’s whereabouts.
He continued his march until he made it to a small hanging garden located on a balcony of the castle, where Alicia and Paris sat chattering and laughing.
“Fufiii!” The princesses yelped with joy when Fufi climbed onto their table.
“Where have you been, you naughty boy, youuu?”
“Are you satisfied exploring the place yet?”
Fufi made a lot of noise and little paw signals.
“What’s wrong?” asked Paris.
“I think he’s trying to tell us something.”
***
Inside the secret passage, the dust got into the nose of one of Mr. Schroder’s men. The man sneezed, but his friends quickly reacted and covered his mouth, muffling the noise.
It wasn’t enough. One of the women heard the noise. She turned her face to the wall. “Did you hear something?”
Mr. Weber replied, “What? No.”
“I didn’t hear anything either,” said another.
The woman insisted, “I’m sure I heard something. It came from over there.” 
On the other side of the wall, Mr. Schroder signaled his men to be very quiet.
Mr. Weber headed to the wall and admonished, “You’re imagining things, my dear. Look, there’s nothing on this side of the storage but a solid wall and this totally unnecessary wall candleholder.”
Setting his hand on the candleholder, the handle flipped down suddenly, the secret door opened, and Mr. Schroder—who had been leaning against it on the other side—fell into the room.
A ruckus erupted as the women yelped and pulled out the knives they had hidden in their baskets. Mr. Schroder’s men jumped inside, daggers at hand.
Everyone was yelling all at once as the two groups gathered at opposite lines, facing one another and throwing out threats.
“What is the meaning of this? How did you get in here?!” Mr. Weber demanded amidst the ruckus.
Mr. Schroder raised his voice, “You are to tell these women to drop their knives and surrender quietly. We’re taking over the castle!”
“Hah! This handful of men you brought with you can’t take two steps further before the castle guards wipe them out.” Mr. Weber dared, “What’s there to stop me from arresting you this second on charges of sabotage?!”
“The only saboteur here is YOU!”
“You will go back where you came from immediately if you know what’s best for you, or I will call the guards!”
Mr. Schroder raged, “You do that, and I’ll expose your plot and take you down with me. I’ve heard everything, you conspiring, untrustworthy traitor!”
“I am only acting in our lady’s best interest.”
“By holding her prisoner?”
“As if anyone will believe a word you say after you attacked our lady’s castle the other day and sneak into it now with a handful of conspirators!”
“I will support my statement with grave evidence!”
At the most intense moment of the exchange, Alicia’s voice rang out, “Mr. Weber, is that you?”
Both groups panicked. In unison, their faces darted towards the door.
They hid their knives and daggers, and in their attempt to hide themselves, bumped into each other. Some of them managed to retreat into the secret passage in a hurry, while others scattered across the storage.
A heartbeat later, Alicia and Paris appeared at the door. As they entered, Alicia asked, “Mr. Weber, what are you doing here?”
“This place is so dark,” Paris commented.
The princesses froze suddenly. Their eyes darted from one person in the room to the other.
Alicia’s face reddened with rage. She pointed her hand at the men and yelled, “UN-CHASTENED?!”
Paris shouted, “GUARDS, GUARDS!”
“GUARDS!”
Mr. Weber panicked, “No-no-no-no-no!” He rushed to the princesses just as the guards barged through the door.
“ARREST THEM!”
Mr. Weber begged, “No! Wait, wait, nobody does anything—let me explain!”
The guards had already dispersed themselves around the room, pointing their swords and muskets at the conspirators.
Mr. Weber made up an excuse, quickly, hoping to avoid a disaster: “They’re okay, my ladies. They’re okay, I promise.”
Alicia raged, “Mr. Weber, what are these men doing on my land, no, in between the very walls of my castle without chastity belts? Who allowed this madness? YOU?!”
“No-no-no. It’s a misunderstanding. Please, let me explain. As you can see, they, uh, they, THEY’VE GOT TURNIPS!” He faked a laugh.
Alicia raised an eyebrow, “So?”
“So, clearly, clearly, they are… Ah! TURNIP FARMERS.”
“Turnip farmers?” Alicia asked.
Paris folded her arms across her chest and demanded, “What does that have to do with not wearing their chastity belts?”
The conversation was interrupted when the princesses’ guards discovered the rest of the group in hiding. The guards shouted, “Who’s in there?”
“Come out now!”
“Let’s see your hands!”
The guards broke into the secret passage and pointed their weapons at the men and women inside, who soon came out one by one still holding their baskets of turnips and peaches. They gathered with the rest of the conspirators at the center of the room.
Looking awfully suspicious, the two princesses hissed at Mr. Weber, “More turnip farmers, I see?”
“What is going on in here?”
Mr. Weber was sweating buckets. “Yes, it’s, um, of course there’s more because, uh, because, IT’S A FESTIVAL!” He bellowed his announcement with pretend joy.
Via hand signals, Mr. Weber invited the princesses to follow him as he hurried towards the gathering while pointing out their baskets.
“Yes, yes, an important festival indeed,” he said. “A truly wonderful event. You see, every year these good farmers gather at the castle’s storages to...to...inspect each other’s turnips.”
The men looked awkwardly at one another, eyes flung wide open. Mr. Weber froze in place as he realized a moment too late what he had said.
He had to continue, though. “It’s a very enjoyable event—Ouch!” He received a pinch from behind by Mr. Schroder.
Still quite suspicious, Paris commented, “It sounds very awkward to me.”
“My lady has nooo idea,” Mr. Weber admitted.
Playing along with Mr. Weber’s scheme, one of the men reached his hand into the basket of the one standing next to him. The other man slapped his hand off and hissed, “You touch my turnips and I’ll kill you.”
Alicia asked, “How come I wasn’t made aware of such festivity among my people? I don’t recall such an event mentioned in any of the local history books.”
“It’s new, my lady,” said Mr. Weber. “Very new. A result of…circumstances, you might say.”
Paris frowned. “And what did you say it has to do with not wearing their chastity belts?” 
“Due to the nature of the festival…” Mr. Weber froze as he, again, realized too late what his words indicated. He turned his face to the men—who glared at his back—and he snapped at them, “Well, it’s too late to take it back now! Let me do my work!”
He turned to the princesses, “My good ladies, due to the nature of the festival, these good farmers were granted an exception from wearing the belts for the duration of the festival, only. I’m sure that Lady Alicia recalls reading about it in the text of the law under the section of the...the...the Turnips Festival.” He shut his eyes bitterly.
Alicia tapped her silk hand-fan to her chin, validating Mr. Weber’s claim in her mind. “I don’t really remember.” She shrugged, “Oh, well. But to be granted such special treatment—are their turnips really that important to them?”
“It’s their only passion,” he assured her.
“I see… And you, sir.” Alicia approached Mr. Schroder, not recognizing him.
Mr. Schroder stiffened, “My lady.”
“I recall reading that harvesting turnip is very, very physically challenging. But to see that you’re still passionate about it at your age? My good sir, I’m truly impressed.”
Mr. Weber answered for Mr. Schroder: “Oh, yes. Mr. Rubenliebhaber [turnip-lover] has a looong and rich history with turnips. He just can’t live without them. But as you can see,” and he pointed at Mr. Schroder’s basket, “his turnips are not as big as they used to be. He keeps them small nowadays, for his own health’s sake. Isn’t that right, Mr. Rubenliebhaber?”
Mr. Schroder glared at Mr. Weber but could not say a word back.
Alicia felt for him. “Aww, how unfortunate.”
Paris said, “You’re right. They are very small.” She snapped suddenly and said more considerately, “Ah! Not that I mean that one’s turnips define a man. Because I’m sure they don’t. Please don’t let it get to you, my good sir. You can still dream big.”
Mr. Schroder stammered, “I...I’ll try. Thank you.”
“The ladies, too?” Alicia leapt to the women’s side and had already examined the contents of their baskets with eager eyes. “Will they be inspecting each other’s peaches?”
Shocked, the men’s faces shot in unison to look at the women.
The women’s eyes looked as though they were about to pop out of their heads. They lost their voices with embarrassment.
“Well?” Alicia insisted. Her eyes glittered with excitement as she stared at the woman nearest to her.
The woman nervously looked among the faces of the mixed crowd who had fully set their attention on her.
Mr. Weber promised bitterly, “Father Gianni’s confessional is not far.”
Her cheeks reddening with embarrassment, the woman said, “If...if we have to.”
“How exciting!” Alicia yelped.
“Well, the atmosphere certainly is excited,” said Mr. Weber, motioning towards the men, “on this side of the room.”
Smiling wildly, Alicia turned her gaze from one woman to the next. “So, who’s peach was the best, last year?”
“Mine!” the women snapped in unison.
Mr. Weber’s face darkened.
The tension suddenly rose on the women’s side as each of them glared at the other. One woman sneered at the one next to her. “Uh-haa? Since when?”
Her friend whispered, “Someone had to answer.”
“And it had to be you?”
“I had no choice. I mean, it’s not like your old peach can make the cut, right?”
“Excuse me?” the woman indignantly replied. “My peach is not old. My peach is mature and tender. Which is more than I can say about your sour green peach that is so rough, a dog can’t sink its fangs in it.”
“Oh, it’s tenderrr? So tender, in fact, your peach fell off the tree of competition ages ago. The only ones who might seek it now are those so old, they can’t climb up the hill of passion no more.”
The women mumbled with hostility among themselves.
Alicia and Paris were taken aback and totally perplexed. Alicia whispered, “What’s happening?”
“Should we try to stop them?” Paris asked.
Mr. Weber warned, “Trust me, my ladies, I’ve been through equally dangerous situations before. It’s best to let them sort it out among themselves.”
“I only asked who the winner was,” Alicia whispered.
“How intense,” said Paris. “Why are they arguing so viciously?”
Mr. Weber quickly made up something: “I’m afraid a final decision could not be reached at last year’s contest. That’s why.”
“Oh! So there was no winner?”
Mr. Weber called out to the women before someone might ruin what he had salvaged. “Ladies! Ladies, please, let’s show some restraint.”
As the commotion died down, Alicia asked, “So, how does the contest go?”
“Um, how does it go?” Mr. Weber echoed.
“Yes. How do they decide on a winner?”
“Who gets to decide?” Paris asked.
Mr. Weber signaled his arm towards the men, “Well, um, for the gentlemen they, well, they elect a judge and, um… Oh, who am I kidding? They just go with whoever’s got the biggest turnips. It’s pretty simple, really.”
“Oh!”
“As for the ladies, it’s…” Seeing the women’s vicious glares, Mr. Weber backtracked what he was about to say. “It’s a… It’s a collective decision.”
Alicia guessed, “Oh? So they don’t just examine each other’s peaches? They actually have to eat them?”
“Try each other’s peach juices, perhaps?” Paris wondered.
Caught between the two bitter choices, Mr. Weber had to take a pick. “I’m… not…entirely sure. I guess, perhaps if they beat them hard enough, I’m sure peach juices will flow—ouch! Ouch! Hey!”
The women’s faces were reddened with embarrassment, and at this point, they were angrily stoning Mr. Weber with peaches.
“Pig!” one woman raged.
“Go beat your own peach at home!”
“Oh, so very funny. You think we’ll just stand still while you bad mouth us like that?”
“We know what you’re really doing, you dirty old man!”
Mr. Weber begged, “Ladies, ladies please, ouch! Mind your peaches, I’m a married man—Ouch!”
They only stoned him harder.
Alicia and Paris were disturbed. They signaled the guards to leave as they themselves retreated quietly out of the storage.
Alicia muttered, “Ah, um, very well, then. Please carry on the good work.”
“Sorry for the interruption,” said Paris.
Once they exited the storage, Paris whispered, “Geez! I didn’t realize peach farmers were so competitive.”
“I’m as astounded as you are,” said Alicia.
Alicia then brought out Fufi from her sleeve and said, lovingly, “So that’s what you were trying to tell us about?”
“He must have been excited about the festival.”
Alicia set Fufi down on the floor. “Very well, then. Go play with them. But don’t take long, or I will miss you.”
Fufi made a little noise and took off.
***
After much effort, Mr. Schroder and Mr. Weber—soaked with peaches and bruised by turnips—managed to calm their groups down and reach an agreement.
“Very well,” said Mr. Schroder, “I will withdraw my group for now, and you do the same with your despicable plot. And we shall call it a draw.”
“Well, it’s not like either of us can do anything else at this point. It’s a truce,” Mr. Weber affirmed. “And one more thing: No one outside these walls must hear a single word about what happened here today.”
“That goes without saying.”
“One thing still bothers me, though,” Mr. Weber frowned. “What was Alicia doing here? She’s never come down the castle basement before.”
“How did Alicia find out about us?” Mr. Schroder echoed.
At the unexpected sound of a high-pitched squeak, both men turned towards the storage’s entrance. Fufi stood there, and he began making little ticking noises as if he were laughing.
Fufi turned, pooped at the door, and took off running.
Mr. Schroder asked, “What was that?”
Mr. Weber hissed, “We’ve been ratted out by a rat!”


To Be Continued…

 
Thank You!


Please continue to Book 3 
Of Spoiled Alicia

& don’t miss out on the chance to tell the world what you think, 
by posting your review on 
Smashwords!


For all enquiries 
please contact the author at
James.Starvoice@gmail.com

