S & S INVESTIGATIONS
A PREQUEL NOVELLA

SQUIRREL & SWAN
CURIOUS THINGS

M. D. ARCHER

First published September 2021 by SWARM Publishing

Auckland, New Zealand

Distributed by Smashwords

Copyright M. D. Archer © All Rights Reserved.

ISBN (kindle): 978-0-473-59128-1
ISBN (epub): 978-0-473-59127-4
ISBN (print on demand paperback): 978-0-473-59125-0
ISBN (print on demand hardcover): 978-0-473-59126-7
ISBN (iBook): 978-0-473-59130-4
ISBN (pdf): 978-0-473-59129-8

Squirrel & Swan Curious Things is a work of fiction. Names, places and incidents, except those clearly in the public domain, are products of the author’s imagination, or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, names, places or incidents is purely coincidental. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without written permission from the author, except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
S & S Investigations
S & S Investigations is a light and funny character-based mystery series following two psychology graduates Paige and Sophie as they try to make a success of their brand-new detective agency in Auckland, New Zealand.

The Series
Book 1: Squirrel & Swan Precious Things
Book 2: Squirrel & Swan Devious Things
Book 3: Squirrel & Swan Hidden Things
Book 4: Squirrel & Swan Stolen Things
Book 5: Squirrel & Swan Wicked Things (December 2021)
Book 6: Squirrel & Swan Mysterious Things (July 2022)
And more to come…

This prequel novella takes place in March 2019, approximately six months before the first book.

Don’t miss out, sign up to the mailing list here.

Members of the mailing list will also receive alerts about sales, access to new releases first, and ‘behind the scenes’ information not available anywhere else.
Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Acknowledgements
Dear Reader
Other titles

1
Marigold Mathers, assistant extraordinaire, stood at the luggage carousel of Auckland International Airport and watched the bags trundle past.
Except there was nothing extraordinary about running around after a celebrity, especially when that celebrity was neurotic, entitled, and had all the time in the world to issue meaningless orders to her ‘staff’ since she hadn’t booked a job in nearly two years. Anita Fairway—the entitled celebrity—and Paul, her doting husband, had left her here while they first enjoyed a glass of ‘arrival champagne’, and now stood at the tourist information kiosk picking out pamphlets of the activities they wished to partake during their visit to New Zealand. After a few days in Auckland resting and recovering from the long-haul flight from LAX, they would go directly, it had already been decided, to the Coromandel. A beachy area of the North Island that was a “must-see” by all accounts.
Marigold’s eyes latched onto the Luis Vuitton case that had appeared: Anita’s. Classic and stylish but looking a little worn these days—how appropriate, Marigold thought with a wry grin as she stepped forward to retrieve it.
She’d known this was what the job would be like, she’d literally signed up for it, but it was still somehow worse than imagined and she was already counting down the days left in her one-year contract. But Marigold had goals and she had to keep her eyes on the prize. Her vision of her future relied heavily on—
“Marigold!” Anita’s voice, quite incredibly, had pierced the considerable airport din. “We’re ready to go.”
“Waiting for the bags,” Marigold called back in reply.
“What? Still? Why are you taking so long? Can you hurry it up please?”
Marigold waved and turned away so that she could roll her eyes. With many, many international flights under her belt, Anita had to know how the baggage system worked.
“Marigold?” Anita repeated.
“Sure, I’ll climb onto the carousal and retrieve your bags myself,” she muttered under her breath.
“Pardon?” Anita said, suddenly standing right next to her.
Marigold turned to give her a nervous smile. “Why don’t you and Paul relax and have another glass of champagne. I’m sure we’ll be out of here in no time.” She forced a smile.
The sooner she got her plan on track the better.
2

Paige Garnet and Sophie Swanephol took their glasses of champagne to a sunny spot in the courtyard patio of Portland Bar in Kingsland, a small but bustling city-fringe suburb in Auckland. 
“Cheers.” Paige clinked Sophie’s glass. 
“We really did it.” Sophie beamed and took a sip.
Less than 24-hours ago, they’d both submitted their doctoral theses. Although their PhD journeys were not quite over yet, it was certainly cause for celebration.
“Has Richard said anything to you?” Sophie asked, bracing herself for the answer. She wasn’t sure how great she’d feel if Paige had already lined up post-doctoral work.
“About what?” Paige said bitterly. “How awesome he is? How the studies I painstakingly designed were actually his? At the core of it.” Paige put on a voice.
Professor Richard Thinton, Paige’s doctoral supervisor, was publicly well-regarded but privately loathed. At least, by Sophie and anyone else who’d been on the receiving end of his attention, whether it be his leering or his bullying.
“Didn’t he say something about a Marsden grant and a research position?” Sophie asked.
“There were murmurings, I guess....”
Sophie frowned. Paige was being vague, and for Paige-no filter-Garnet, this was unusual.
“Let’s not talk about what’s next,” Paige continued. “Not yet. I want to enjoy a break from thinking. I want to slob around and chill out and do nothing for a while.”
Sophie nodded, aware that the odds of ants-in-her-pants Paige slobbing around were slim to none. Sophie, on the other hand, was looking forward to wearing pyjamas 24-7 and watching all the TV in the world. For a couple of weeks, at least.
And so, they sipped champagne and caught up on department gossip and what TV shows they planned to watch now they had some free time.
“Look,” Paige said, nodding at something behind Sophie. When Sophie turned, she saw all four of the people at the next table taking pictures of their food. “Millennials,” Paige added, rolling her eyes. 
“Paige, we are Millennials.”
“So?”
Sophie smiled and drained the rest of her glass. “Hey, I’d better go. I want to get there first. I do not want to have to make an entrance.”
Sophie’s next social engagement was a date, which in itself was bad enough, without having to walk into a bar and try to immediately identify the person you were meeting. It wasn’t just that it could be hard to spot the not-yet-familiar face of someone you’d met only once—or worse, match blurry profile photos with real life and possibly quite different faces in front of you—it was that everyone in the bar was probably watching you do this. And once you’d located your date, you had to then suffer the additional indignity of walking over to wherever they were sitting, like a show pony doing a lap for a score out of ten. All of this was something Sophie could do without. And if she arrived early, she could choose a comfortable seat—no stools, thank you very much; who needed the added threat of toppling over backwards? —and be the one to watch her date arrive.
Why she put herself through the ordeals of dating on a regular basis she had no clue.
“Tim said you should come by our place afterwards. To spill the tea.” Paige grinned. “He loves getting the gossip maybe even more than I do.”
Right, Sophie thought, that’s why she did it. Tim Chan, Paige’s sweet boyfriend of four years was a constant reminder of the kind of relationship bliss possible with the right person.
“What number date with Jake is this one? You must be getting into,” Paige waggled her eyebrows, “you-know-what, territory.”
“Uh, actually, tonight’s date is with a guy called Simon.”
“What happened to Jake?”
“Nothing. Jake and I were talking about how we both want to give the whole ‘dating’ thing a proper go. Date like they do in America. Hang out with different people and then decide whether you want to take things to the next level or not.”
“But we’re not American. We don’t have the training for that kind of dating.”
Sophie threw her eyes skyward. “Yeah, I’m painfully aware.”
“But you’re still giving it a go?”
“I guess. And I’m still not sure about Jake, anyway. Not really. I don’t even know how into me he is.”
Paige grinned. “He’s probably already obsessed with you. At least, he definitely wants to hit,” Paige gestured to Sophie’s face and body, “this. They all do.”
“Paige—”
“I know, I know, you don’t like it when people acknowledge what a hottie you are.  But you’re The Swan, remember.”
“We’re Squirrel and Swan,” Sophie corrected. “Our nicknames are Squirrel and Swan; together. You can’t have one without the other.”
“Sure, whatever.” Paige waved her hand.
Paige had been ‘christened’ Squirrel by their colleagues in the graduate programme first—her frizzy brown hair, her brown, almond-shaped eyes, and her tendency to fidget were all very squirrel-like—but calling Sophie the ‘Swan’ was equally appropriate. Sophie had spent most of her teenage years in a chrysalis phase, her future beauty almost completely concealed by teenage acne and being horrendously uncomfortable in her body, not to mention her tendency to grimace awkwardly whenever she felt awkward—which was most of the time. The current head-turning, traffic-stopping version of Sophie Swanephol—dark hair, deep blue eyes and beautiful skin courtesy of her Māori and Dutch heritage—wouldn’t emerge until she entered her twenties, and it takes a while to shed the trauma of adolescence.
“So, Jake isn’t the one?” Paige continued.
Sophie shrugged and looped her bag over her shoulder. Paige finished her glass and set it down, rising to stand as well.
“Don’t forget about my rescue call,” Sophie said as they made their way to the exit.
“As if. They’re my favourite part of you dating. Especially if I have to show up and rescue you.” Her eyes sparkled.
Sophie eyed her friend for a moment as she marvelled, not for the first time, that she and Paige, as different as they were, had become best friends. “Aren’t you having dinner with your mum and Tim?”
“If you need me, I will come,” Paige said solemnly.
“Thanks.”
Outside, Paige and Sophie crossed New North Road together but then went their separate ways: Sophie to the location of her date, only a few feet away at Citizen Park, and Paige to retrieve her car on Sandringham road, right behind the Kingsland train station.
“Good luck,” Paige called out.
***
AN HOUR LATER, Paige was at her mother’s house in the very familiar process of getting into an argument.
“Mum.” Paige rolled her eyes.
Her mother, Mrs Alice Garnet, dropped her chin and lifted one eyebrow, as if about to claim a moral victory. “Well? Do you have a job yet?”
Paige scowled. “Are you serious? I literally, literally, just handed in my thesis. I haven’t done the oral. I haven’t finished yet.”
“Oh.” Alice looked put out. “Well, are you looking for a job at least? For when you are finished?”
“No, I am not.”
“Shouldn’t you get cracking? How many jobs are there for a,” Alice paused to wave one hand in the air as if grasping for a suitable description, “‘psychologist’ can there be?”
“Um, heaps? Heaps of jobs. Mental health is a big deal. But I’m not a psychologist. I’m a researcher. God, Mum, how many times have we had this conversation.”
“Honestly, Paige there’s no need to be so sensitive. I just never know what to tell the Bridge Club ladies when they ask what you’re doing.”
Paige stared at her. “How about, “my daughter is getting her PhD in psychology”? You know, some mothers would actually be pretty proud of me.”
“Of course I’m proud of you. Darling, of course. I suppose I don’t know what you hope to achieve with all this.”
“I’ll be Dr Garnet, for one.”
“Well, I’m not sure that counts,” Alice murmured.
“Right, you mean like the way all your ‘achievements’ count?” Paige air quoted.
“Hey,” Tim said, leaping up from where he’d been staying-out-of-it-until-intervention-was-necessary on the couch. He came to stand beside Paige, gently squeezing her elbow. “Everyone has different paths,” he continued. “No need to compare.”
Paige usually brought Tim to visits with her mother. With his easy-going manner he generally—usually—calmed the waters between the two. Tim was good company, but an excellent buffer.
Alice lifted her chin. “It was different in my day.”
“Fine. In an ideal world, what would I be doing right now? Instead of ‘fluffing about with psychology’, as you call it. What?”
Her eyes lit up. “Well.” She hurried over to the manilla file waiting at the edge of the counter. Paige watched with alarm, already aware where this was going. “I clipped this article a couple of days ago. It’s about modern fertility rates and how you really have to plan for extra time when trying.”
“I am not even thirty years old, Mum.”
“But nearly.” Alice nodded eagerly.
Paige threw up her hands. “We are not having this conversation again.”
She stalked out of the room. As she started up the stairs of her family home, she heard Tim clear his throat and say cheerfully. “What’s the plan for dinner? Can I chop some veges or something?”
At the top of the stairs, Paige went directly to the master bedroom at the end of the hall and opened the doors to the large wardrobe in the corner. There, she kneeled in front of Alice’s neatly organized shoes, reached into the depths to pull out a large cardboard box, and retrieved her favourite family photo album. She liked to do this when she argued with her mum, as if to remind herself of the old days when her father was still alive. But before she could start flicking through the photos, her phone rang.
“Why are you calling me?” she muttered warily, eyeing the display.
***
SOPHIE NODDED SLOWLY, trying to seem interested in Simon’s lengthy speech.
He appeared to be attempting to argue that one’s heritage—no matter how distant—and coffee preferences were fundamentally, inextricably, linked.
“Yeah… it’s pretty cool, because I’m like, part Colombian, part Irish and of course, Kiwi.” He nodded meaningfully, as if divulging information he hadn’t managed to shoehorn into the conversation twice already.
Had he recently gotten his ancestry.com results back, Sophie wondered.
“But it’s the Colombian part that really resonates with me, you know?” he finished, squinting his eyes as he picked up his espresso.
Sophie, having watched him struggle to drink the inky black liquid for several minutes now, was almost certain he’d ordered it purely to back up his theory.
“Yeah, this is good coffee,” he concluded, as if he’d been flown in from Colombia to judge the Auckland coffee situation. But Simon’s difficulty hiding his winces of disgust as he drank the espresso detracted from his credibility as a coffee aficionado, somewhat. Then again, Sophie, a literal expert in human behaviour, wasn’t as easy to fool as the average person.
He set the cup down and pushed it away as if to stop himself from picking it up again. “It’s pretty cool,” he repeated once he’d managed to swallow his mouthful.
“Yeah,” Sophie murmured. You live in Takapuna, she wanted to shout. Your great grandparents might be South American, but you’re a Shore Boy. She’d seen his car. She’d seen the motocross sticker on the back. Sophie suppressed a sigh and the urge to double-check her phone. Had she left it on silent by mistake? What time would Paige save her with a mercy call?
But finally, she did, and about 45 minutes after that—Paige had to drop Tim back to their Mt Albert home and then backtrack to collect Sophie from Kingsland—Paige pulled up outside Sophie’s Pt Chevalier flat.
“So, Simon’s a no, then?” Paige said.
“It wasn’t terrible, but who has time for mediocre dates?”
“Uh,” Paige glanced at Sophie. “You. Literally you do.”
“Let me rephrase. Who has the emotional energy?” Sophie nodded to herself. “I’ll see what happens with Jake, I think.” She gestured at the house. “Hey, do you want to come in? I’ve got some red wine open. Or a cup of tea?”
“Is Victoria home?” Paige grinned. 
Sophie had two flatmates, Myra and Victoria, and they couldn’t be more different than if someone had advertised for polar opposite people. Myra was a sweet, quiet, unassuming student. Victoria was, in a word, insufferable. As a PR consultant, she not only had an opinion about everything, but seemed to be convinced she was always correct, and that everyone wanted to hear it. Paige referred to her as Master and Ruler of the Universe and depending on Paige’s mood, she found Victoria either rage-inducing or hilarious. And no one could wind-up Victoria like Paige.
“Her car is here, but….”
“Sure.” Paige turned off the engine and unbuckled.
Inside, Sophie made them cups of peppermint tea—Paige had recently had a substantial glass of wine with dinner and still had to drive home—and they settled in the currently empty living room.
“Oh my god, I almost forgot,” Paige said. “Guess who called me during dinner.”
Sophie raised her eyebrows. Paige stared back, clearly waiting. Sophie let out a sigh of exasperation. “Really? I have to actually guess?”
“Here’s a hint. The last time we saw him his fake tan looked a little on the orange side.”
“Richard?” Sophie’s stomach rolled. Was Paige about to tell her she’d already snapped up a job opportunity? Forged ahead with her career to leave Sophie in the dust, wondering what she wanted to do with her life? While Sophie knew it wasn’t up to Paige to figure out her career trajectory, part of her hoped she would.
“Yup. He’s offered us his bach for a couple of weeks.”
“He has? Where is it?”
“Coromandel. Whangamata.” Paige beamed. “I already said yes. Come on, it’ll be great.”
“I was going to start looking for work. A six-month contract or something until we’ve officially graduated.”
And until she knew what she wanted to pursue, exactly.
“Come on. That can wait a couple of weeks. You need a break. Aren’t you knackered?”
To this, Sophie had to nod.
“And it’s free. Well, except for the food we buy, but we have to buy food anyway.”
“Hmm.”
“Tim is going to come for the two weekends, travelling back to Auckland for the work week in-between.”
“So I’m third-wheeling it?”
“Hardly. We’re so far past that. But you should totally invite Jake. For the first weekend, at least.”
Sophie widened her eyes. “What?”
“It’ll be fine. One weekend.  Two nights. Two days. And I’ll be there. What could go wrong?”
Lots of things, Sophie thought. They could realize they’d already run out of things to talk about on the first night and she’d have to endure awkwardness for nearly 48-hours…. He could use the toilet straight after she had, potentially ripping away the façade one erected during the early stages of dating. She could—
“It will help you figure out whether he’s a keeper or not. Speed up the process.”
“Hmmm.”
This was a rather helpful comment. Why endure a bunch of dates and slowly come to the realization it won’t last, when you could figure this out in one weekend? Or, if she let herself be optimistic, maybe this could help them fast-forward through awkward newness into that more comfortable relationship stage where you can hang out without being nervous for two days before each date.
The front door slammed. High heels clip-clopped loudly down the wooden floor of the hall.
“Victoria’s home,” Paige said unnecessarily.
“She sure is,” Sophie muttered.
Victoria seemed to be living her best life when she was making the most noise, causing a disturbance wherever she went. Sophie suspected the loud conversations Victoria held right outside Sophie’s room were because she thought Sophie wanted to hear about her life.
“What’s up, Victoria,” Paige said as she entered the living room. “How’s life? What’s the fad of the week?”
Victoria frowned and narrowed her eyes. “Fad?”
“What Instagram altar are you worshipping at these days?”
Victoria tossed her hair and completely ignored both Paige’s tone and her question. “Next week is going to be fabulous. I have a week off, all to myself. And I’ve earned it. A holiday,” she added more seriously, as if one of them had suggested she hadn’t.
“Hang on, what?” Sophie sat up straighter. “You’re on leave next week?”
“Yes.” She spread her arms wide, halfway between a stretch and a hug for the universe. “A staycation. A week of indulgence in my own home.”
But it’s not your own home, Sophie wanted to cry out. You. Have. Flatmates. And the three of them rented. 
“It’s about time I devoted some time to me,” Victoria added.
“As opposed to the rest of the time when you’re working for charities and volunteering for hospice?” Paige said.
Victoria eyed Paige’s deadpan expression, then lifted her chin. “Self-care is important.” She dropped her gaze to pretend to check her phone. “I’m going to stay home and meditate, get into yoga, try a bunch of new recipes, and ooh, a friend told me about this store that sells incense you can match up to your life goals.”
Oh, no, Sophie thought. Not incense. She would put up with a lot, but to have incense burning in the house all week in addition to Victoria stomping around and enjoying her staycation as loudly as possible was too much.
“And you’re staying here?” Sophie confirmed. “For the whole week?”
“Yes.” Victoria frowned. “Why?”
Sophie turned to Paige. “The bach. I’m in. But I’m driving,” she added quickly. There was no way she was enduring the twists and turns of the Coromandel roads with Paige—no filter-but-also-no-brakes—Garnet at the wheel.
3
Paige and Tim arrived at the bach on Friday at a little after seven pm with Sophie and Jake right behind them. They’d taken two cars in the end—Sophie and Jake in her trusty (and beloved) Volkswagen Jetta, and Paige and Tim in his Hyundai—because on Sunday night the boys would return to Auckland, leaving Paige and Sophie to stay for another week. Sophie had been a little nervous about the drive—trapped in a car with nothing to do but talk—but it had gone well enough. They’d listened to a couple of  podcasts and some music Jake had selected. He’d even taken over the driving at the halfway point because he knew the Coromandel roads very well.
The two cars had set off from Sophie’s house in Pt Chevalier at the same time—a little before four—but with the inevitable crush of Auckland traffic, they’d lost sight of each other for most of the first half of the journey, only reconnecting at their pre-designated halfway spot: the large Pak N Save supermarket in Thames.
Paige dropped her bags at the door and ran straight up the stairs. Sophie entered after her, a little more slowly, taking a moment to stretch after the drive. As an excited thump came from upstairs, Sophie smiled and moved through the living room to open the blinds. The bach was a modern, impressive, two-storey structure bordered by two pohutukawa trees and with an incredible view of the ocean.
“It’s so cool,” Paige called from the top of the stairs. She disappeared, popping up again a moment later, her eyes bright. “There are two bedrooms up here. I bags the one on the right.”
“For both of us, I hope?” Tim said with an easy grin, bringing in a couple of bags and following Paige upstairs. Sophie turned to smile nervously at Jake, hovering in the living room and also holding bags. Crunch time. They hadn’t slept together yet—they hadn’t even come close—and they hadn’t discussed the sleeping arrangements at all.
“Um….” Sophie was unsure as to how to even broach the topic.
Jake nodded but didn’t say anything, obviously expecting her to make the decision.
“Cool bach, eh?” she said, turning to walk down the short hall to check out the downstairs bedrooms. It seemed appropriate to let Paige and Tim have their space upstairs, so what was the room configuration like down here? Maybe it would be all bunkbeds and the issue of sharing a bed would disappear. No, Sophie saw a moment later. One had a standard double bed plus four single beds in two bunks, and the other room held only a queen bed. At the end of the hall was a bathroom and a separate toilet.
“There’s heaps of space,” she said, realizing Jake was right behind her, also checking out the situation.
“It’s a great place,” Jake said.
After another moment of uncertain hovering, Jake set down the bags. “Let’s sort it out later, ay?”
Sophie gave him a grateful smile. “Sure.”
Points for Jake.
Tim reappeared, jogging down the stairs. “Let’s get the food in from the car, ay, Jake?” he said. “Start the barbecue?”
It was early March, technically Autumn but still summery, and it would stay light for a couple more hours yet.
“Great idea.” Jake patted his stomach. “I’m ready for a feed.”
“Soph, come up and check out the view from up here,” Paige called.
Sophie ascended the stairs, following Paige’s voice into the master bedroom. It had a modern four-poster bed and a beautiful view of the water.
“Does working in academia make you rich?” Sophie asked.
Paige frowned. “No. I don’t think so. Not like this. I think… I think maybe his first wife was rich.”
“How many wives has Richard had?”
“He’s on his second. So far.” Paige rolled her eyes. “And probably not his last.”
“Agreed.” Sophie leaned forward to whisper. “Hey, should Jake and I stay in the same room or not?”
“Soph, I can’t answer that for you,” Paige whispered back.
“Either way,” Sophie continued in a more normal voice. “We’ll stay downstairs, okay? Give you and Tim some space.” She stepped out of the main room to check out the second, smaller bedroom, noting there was a bathroom and a toilet up here as well.
“Hello?” someone called out from downstairs.
Paige frowned. “That sounded like—”
“Is someone here?” the voice continued.
“It can’t be,” Paige said, her frown deepening. “He wouldn’t, would he?”
“Hello?” The voice now sounded impatient.
“Richard,” Paige and Sophie said at the same time, staring at each other in disbelief.
“Are you kidding me?” Paige added, marching out of the room.
Downstairs, standing in the living room with his hands on his hips as if to take up as much space as possible, was Professor Richard Thinton. Next to him stood two similar-looking men, both also in their fifties. All three were wearing jeans generally meant for—and marketed towards—men at least twenty years younger.
“Whoopsie-daisy,” Richard said, grinning at them. “Bit of a calendar mix-up, I think. I thought you weren’t coming until Monday.”
Sophie took in Richard’s puffed out chest and pleased smile. This was no mistake. Richard had engineered this. For what? What did he think would happen? They’d smile and say “oh why don’t you stay anyway? Let’s bunk down together and have a sleepover?” So he and his middle-aged mates could hang out with women young enough to be their daughters?
“Ew,” Paige said under her breath.
“This is Ethan and Robert,” Richard continued, nodding at his two easily interchangeable friends. “We thought we’d get out of Auckland for the weekend. A boys’ trip.” He winked. “A bit of fun. Relax. Recharge. Maybe get up to a bit of trouble.” He winked again. Sophie forced herself not to grimace. “I forgot you were coming this weekend.” He repeated to Paige before turning back to leer at Sophie. “I see you brought the lovely Sophie as I suggested. A boys’ weekend for us and a girls’ weekend for you. How about that.”
“Really, Richard?” Paige said, not bothering to hide her disbelief.
“Paige?” Tim stood in the doorway, holding a bag of groceries and barbecue tongs. “Oh, hey Professor Thinton,” he said awkwardly.
Richard frowned. “Hello, uh, uh…”
“Tim.” Paige made an irritated noise. “You’ve met him, like, ten times.”
“Right, right. Tim. The boyfriend.” Richard looked momentarily put out, but then turned eager eyes to Sophie. “Bit of a third wheel this weekend, are you Sophie? Well, good news—”
“Hey.”
Sophie turned at the same time as Richard. Jake stood in the doorway holding groceries. Attractive, athletic, and definitely not old enough to be her father, Jake.
“This is Jake,” she said with a smile.
“Hey, mate.” He stepped forward to shake Richard’s hand.
“Hnnh,” Richard said, shaking it briefly. He puffed his chest out again. “I’m Professor Thinton.” He didn’t bother to introduce his two friends, instead looking warily at Jake then Sophie.
“Not a girls’ weekend,” Paige said. “A weekend for couples.”
“I can see that,” Richard said, turning a bit red before shrugging. “No big deal. We’ll go to Ethan’s. He’s got a place in Pauanui. Not as nice as mine, though, ay.” He knocked his elbow against Ethan and let out a laugh. Ethan attempted a smile.
“You’re staying through to next weekend, right?” Richard said, looking at Paige and waiting for her to nod. “What about you fellas? Here for the weekend or staying longer?”
“The weekend,” Jake said before Sophie could say something to give the impression that at no point would she and Paige be alone at the bach. “Gotta work through the week, unfortunately,” Jake continued. “You know how it is,” he added, sounding a little dubious, as if he could tell that Richard maybe didn’t know how it was to be bound to a nine-to-five job. About this, Jake was correct. Apart from the handful of classes he taught, Richard most definitely had free rein over his time.
“Sure, sure,” Richard said. “Okay, we’ll be off. Get out of your hair. Catch you later.” He winked.
A moment later, the three of them had gone.
Paige turned to Sophie and rolled her eyes. “Can you believe he did that?”
Sophie nodded. She could. And she had an awful feeling they hadn’t seen the last of Richard.
***
TIM GRABBED THE remote for the bedroom TV and returned to the bed.
“Turn it on,” Paige said, clapping her hands together. “I can’t wait for this episode. It’s going to be so good.”
Tim dutifully switched on the TV and navigated to the Netflix icon.
“Hey, do you like Jake?” Paige said out of the blue.
“Shush.” Tim frowned. “They’re only downstairs, what if they heard us talking?”
Paige rolled her eyes. “Can we hear them?”
They both went silent for a moment. There was a light thump and then only the faintest sounds of conversation. “See? They can’t.” She stared at him. “Well, do you?”
Tim shrugged. “He seems nice, yeah.”
“Sophie was kind of stressed about hanging out with him for a whole weekend.”
“Fair enough. It’s only been a couple of months, right?”
Headlights suddenly swung through the window and across the room.
“We should close the curtains,” Tim said.
Paige climbed off the bed and went to peer through the glass. “Ooh, it’s someone arriving at the bach next door.”
“The huge black and glass one?”
“Richard said he knows the owners but they spend a lot of time in Europe, so they rent it out.” Paige cupped her hands around her eyes to see better. “It’s a man and a woman. Wait, no. There’s three people.”
“Paige, the lights are on in here, if they look up, they’ll see you spying on them.”
Paige hopped to the side and turned off the lights, then went back to press her face against the window. “The outside lights have come on. I can see them better. One of them is early twenties, I’d guess, but the other two are older, like maybe in their fifties? Or sixties.” Paige pulled back and frowned. “The woman looks familiar. I think I know her.”
“Maybe your mum’s friend?”
“Not sure.” She squished her nose against the glass again.
“Oh my god!”
4
Sophie craned her head around the back of the TV screen, plugged in her Chromecast, and pulled back, wiping her hands on her jeans. “Only a little bit dusty back there.” She straightened to stand. “All sorted. All I have to do is connect to the bach Wi-Fi and we’ll be able to stream whatever we want while Paige and Tim watch Netflix on the bach account.”
She turned to give Jake an uncertain smile, which he returned. After a relaxed barbecue dinner, the two couples had split up, with Paige and Tim going upstairs to watch the finale of a show they were obsessed with. “We have to watch it tonight because of social media spoilers,” Paige had said, as if she didn’t have the option of simply not going on Facebook or Twitter.
Sophie and Jake would thus spend the rest of the evening alone, and they still hadn’t sorted out the sleeping arrangements. Would she and Jake share a bed—or even a room—or not? It was up to Sophie, but she still hadn’t decided. For a moment Sophie considered texting Paige and asking her to make a brief appearance to say something blunt to force the issue, but then dismissed this. She was a grown-up and she had to make the decision herself. Was she ready to share a bed with Jake? Yes or No? it wasn’t even about sex, necessarily. Even lying that close to him all night with various night (and morning) smells and noises was a big step forward in a relationship.
She returned to her seat on the couch, already bracing herself for the conversation. If she didn’t get it out of the way now, she’d be distracted for the whole movie. Maybe she should drink some more wine and then decide…
When she turned to Jake, he wore a quizzical expression. “You seem kind of different,” he said.
“I do?” Something churned in her stomach. This didn’t feel like the start of a good conversation.
“Yeah. I mean. Before, you were so….” Jake paused, seeming to give his word choice some serious thought. “Cute,” he finished finally. “Remember that time you forgot the word for dinner?” he grinned.
Sophie felt heat climb her cheeks, but she smiled. “Hey, I was two weeks away from submitting my thesis. My brain was full of fancy academic words. I had to let some ordinary ones go.”
“You were like, “hey, let’s go get… ‘night food’”,” Jake continued, smiling indulgently at her. “Remember? So cute.” He tilted his head to eye her contemplatively. “I kind of miss that Sophie.”
Sophie nodded slowly as the sinking feeling grew. Jake missed the version of her that was forgetful and ditzy because her head was so full of her doctoral thesis she wasn’t really functioning properly? Great.
“Forgetful and cute,” he added, further cementing the two adjectives as belonging together. He raised his eyebrows, making it clear some sort of reaction was required. Did he want her to agree to being forgetful from now on? Because normal everyday Sophie was not forgetful. Not in the slightest.
“Ha-ha,” Sophie said, attempting a laugh.
“Yeah.” He booped her on the nose. “Bring out cute Sophie this weekend.” He stood to stretch, then ambled to the kitchen.
Separate rooms it is, Sophie thought.
“Another beer,” he said, mostly to himself. He turned back at the door. “Glass of wine? Or should I call it….” His eyes danced. “Giggly juice?”
“Oh, ha-ha, yes. Please.”
Sophie’s shoulders dropped. What on earth had possessed her to start dating someone in the last couple of months of her PhD anyway? She could vaguely recall making a frazzled decision to return to Tinder for reasons along the lines of ‘needing a distraction’. Needing to think about anything other than her thesis, at least for a while. But now, when she looked back at their dates—several spread out over a couple of months—it was all a bit of a blur. She didn’t know Jake, not really. And he clearly didn’t know her very well either. Classic Sophie, she thought with a sigh. And why had she believed Paige when she said this weekend would be fine. Paige was an expert when it came to cognitive processes—the way people’s brains worked—but in terms of the way human beings behaved, it was Sophie who always knew how things were going to go. And this weekend was pretty much on track to becoming a disaster.
Suddenly, someone screamed.

5
Paige and Tim appeared downstairs almost immediately.
“Did you hear that?” Paige said excitedly.
“Hard to miss,” Jake said.
“It came from next door,” Sophie said, “and some people have just arrived. I wonder if they found something unexpected in the bach?”
“Let’s check it out,” Jake said, heading for the door. The other three followed him outside and down the short path to the street and then started up the driveway to the huge bach next door.
“Love, it was a racoon,” a man with a British accent said. “Or, I guess, here it would be a possum.”
“Paul, please don’t diminish my voice and dismiss my feelings. We’ve talked about this. I definitely heard something.” The woman had an American accent. Her clearly enunciated words seemed to penetrate the stillness of the night air.
“It’s really her!” Paige said. Sophie turned to see Paige grinning like an idiot. “Detective Sanderson,” she added, almost tripping as she tried to get in front of Jake, who’d strode ahead.
“She’s a police officer?” Sophie asked. “How’d you know?”
But Paige was already too far away to hear her.
“Hey,” Jake said, reaching the woman who stood next to a sleek black car. “We’re staying next door. Everything okay?”
“Oh hello, there.” The woman patted her hair, seeming pleased to see Jake. Sophie couldn’t blame her, he was rather pleasant to look at, and this take-charge attitude was attractive. On the other hand, it was also a little presumptuous. Or was she now searching for reasons not to like him?
“You’re Anita Fairway,” Paige said, coming to stand next to Jake. “You played one of the lead detectives in one of my favourite shows. Dad and I used to watch it all the time. Even when it jumped the shark with that back from the dead triplet doppelganger storyline.” Paige added tactlessly.
Anita, dark-haired and fine-boned and somewhat classic looking, like she actually belonged in the 18th century, smiled as she held out her hand to Jake, as if he had identified her instead of Paige.
“Hello, darling,” she purred. “Yes, I’m indeed that Anita. We’ve just arrived and I’m sure I heard a noise in the house. It could be a burglar.” Her hand floated to her throat. “If you’d help my husband check it out, you’d be such an angel.”
“No worries,” Jake said, turning to Tim who, clearly less enthused by the prospect of dealing with an intruder, nodded uncertainly. He glanced at Paige, who shrugged.
A young brunette woman with red-tipped hair appeared at the door, backlit by the lights inside the bach and her face in the shadows. She cleared her throat nervously. “I don’t think there’s anyone here.”
“Marigold, leave the sleuthing to the boys,” Anita said. She turned back. “My assistant,” she added offhandedly. “Please, go ahead,” she nodded at Jake, “Paul is already inside.” She then turned to smile at Sophie. “Who are you?”
“Um, Hi. I’m Sophie, and this is Paige. That’s Jake and Tim in there.”
“Anita Fairway.” She nodded elegantly, dipping her head and closing her eyes for a brief moment. When she raised her gaze, they fixed on Sophie. “Are you an actress?”
Sophie blinked. “What? No. I’m a…um…”
What was she, apart from ‘in limbo’, waiting for her post-studies life to begin?
“No? Really?” Anita continued. “They do love your type these days.” She threw her eyes upward.
Sophie lifted her eyebrows. Her type? This was getting offensive.
“We’re psychology PhDs, researchers,” Paige said, “I’m cognitive neuroscience, she’s behavioural analysis.”
Anita stepped closer to Sophie, now seeming to be trying to inspect her face. “Your lips, definitely. Maybe a few fillers too? Regular dermal abrasions, obviously.”
Sophie recoiled. “Pardon?”
Would she ask her to open her mouth so she could inspect her teeth next?
Anita drew back and eyed her suspiciously. She raised her hand to her jaw and stroked it, thinking. “I must get your doctor’s name,” she said.
“But—”
“I’m an actress,” she declared. “Here on vacation. Taking a bit of a, uh, hiatus.”
“I loved you in The Down Beat,” Paige said.
“Anita?” Paul called out. “There’s no one here. Come see.”
Anita rolled her eyes as if she doubted this but drifted away into the house without another word.
After a moment’s silence, Paige said, “It’s kind of a superpower.”
“What is?”
“How no one notices me.” She looked thoughtful, then turned to Sophie. “You know, between the two of us, we could, like, rob banks or something. Because no one notices me and everyone notices you. So, you could distract them while I sneak into the safe.”
“Yeah, because that’s totally how things work nowadays. Because banks don’t have digital security; they have one old-timey dude at the door who doffs his cap when you come in—”
“You know what I mean,” Paige said crossly, folding her arms across her chest. She looked back at the open door to the bach. “That was kind of a bummer.”
“Meeting Anita?”
“Dad and I used to watch her show. Every Sunday. We never missed an episode.” Paige frowned and for a moment Sophie thought she saw tears in her eyes, but Paige abruptly turned away.
***
SOPHIE LAY QUIETLY in the dark. Was she ever going to fall asleep, or would the awkward moment with Jake right before they’d retired for the evening continue to roll through her head until dawn? After Jake and Tim had returned from checking next door for burglars, they’d all chatted for a few minutes, but then Paige and Tim had gone upstairs and left Jake and Sophie alone. They’d continued with their original plan of watching a movie, and in classic ‘Netflix and Chill’ tradition, had ended up barely watching it at all—their eyes and attention decidedly elsewhere. And as nice as that was, all Sophie could think about was how Jake wanted her to be someone she wasn’t. He’d literally asked her to act cute and ditzy this weekend.
It was a problem.
A different kind of person would probably enjoy the superficial attention and the ‘fun’ of meeting new people and going on dates. But not her. For Sophie, dating was an ordeal. Like an interview for the job of being lovable. Like taking a test she couldn’t, and didn’t want to, study for.
When the movie had finished, she and Jake had looked at each other, neither sure what to suggest, and Sophie had ended up blurting, “I’m sleeping alone.”
Jake had been clearly disappointed, but had given her a smile, kissed her on the cheek and said goodnight.
Through the wall, Sophie heard a cough. Jake was probably wondering why he’d agreed to this weekend. Wondering where they were going and what the point of all this was. Was he feeling hurt and rejected? Maybe he wasn’t giving any of it a second thought because it really was a bit soon for them to share a bed.
Sophie closed her eyes and willed herself to sleep. Almost immediately she blinked them open again. She could hear… heavy breathing? Snoring, almost. But the noise seemed to drift through the wall, as if it came from outside.
Out of nowhere, Richard Thinton’s face popped into Sophie’s mind. Her eyes shot open. This was Richard’s bach. Richard, the kind of man who felt entitled to pretty much everything. The way he’d shown up earlier, expecting to hang out… what else was he capable of? For a moment she was frozen, gripped by the thought. Then she rolled her eyes, let out an exasperated sigh and lay back down, pulling the covers right up to her chin.
She was being ridiculous.


6
Marigold finished washing her face then exited the bathroom and started down the hall. As she passed Anita and Paul’s bedroom, the door suddenly swung open.
“Oh,” Marigold said as Anita came to stand in the doorway. “Goodnight.”
Anita eyed her. “You’re keeping that hair, are you?” She drew her black-and-pink silk bathrobe closer around her body. “Those colours at the ends. They’re staying?”
“Um, yes.” Marigold frowned. “Why?”
“Just wondering.”
She cleared her throat. “This style is actually really common.”
“You’re a reflection of me, you know.”
Marigold lifted her chin. “I do, yes. But my hair is fine … trendy, even.”
“I suppose.”
After a pause, Marigold took a step backward in the direction of her room. “So I’ll wake you up at six-thirty.”
“Yes.” Anita sighed theatrically.
“It’s part of what your holistic advisor recommended, remember? The same schedule, every day.”
“Yes, I remember,” Anita said irritably. “I’m allowed to sigh, aren’t I?”
“Of course,” Marigold said. “Sleep well.”
The bedroom door closed and Marigold turned to walk the final few steps to her room at the end. Anita and Paul had taken the huge master in the middle, the one with the best view of course, and she’d chosen the one farthest away from them, but all of the upstairs rooms were large and beautiful and this felt like living in a palace compared with the poky room she usually slept in. Although that was her fault, really. She’d chosen those living circumstances. It was all part of it. Her dream. Her plan. To become the kind of person she wanted to be, these things—living in crappy accommodation and putting up with crap—were necessary along the way.
Marigold flopped on her bed, smiling.
Abruptly, she sat up.
But what if it went wrong?
7
“I don’t snore,” Jake said with an easy smile. “I swear. I can prove it to you tonight if you like,” he added, his grin turning cheeky.
Sophie smiled uneasily. “Ha-ha.” She lifted her cup to take another sip of coffee so she didn’t have to say anything else. Today the Jake situation felt even more dire. Unsurprisingly, tossing and turning all night hadn’t helped.
“So you didn’t hear anything?” she said into the silence.
“Probably rats living in the walls. Or even possums,” he replied.
“Somewhere like this?”
“Seriously. It’s super common. My cousin’s place is the same.”
As Jake drained the last of his coffee and set down his cup, Paige and Tim trundled noisily down the stairs.
“Morning,” Tim called.
“Hey,” Sophie replied, grateful they’d finally appeared. She could do with a bit of Paige’s racket right now.
“I’m gonna get in a run before breakfast,” Jake said, pulling on his shoes. “Bacon and eggs on the barbecue when I get back?”
“Yum, yes please,” Paige said, coming to stand next to Sophie at the kitchen counter. Sophie smiled. Paige, not much of a morning person, tended to look a little like a creature from the black lagoon first thing, with her eyes half-shut and her typically frizzy hair even more dishevelled.
“Back soon.” Jake disappeared out the door.
Paige turned to Sophie, suddenly more alert. “Hey.” She waggled her eyebrows. “Get any sleep?”
Sophie rolled her eyes. “No.”
“Ooh.”
“Don’t get excited.” Sophie made a face. “It was because I heard weird noises.”
From inside, Tim called, “Hey, they’ve got a visitor’s book. We should sign it.”
Paige turned back to Sophie. “So you and Jake are…” She made a throat slitting gesture.
Sophie widened her eyes. “Geez, Paige.”
“You know what I mean.”
“I’m not sure. Maybe.” With a sigh, Sophie told Paige about what Jake had said the previous evening: how he wanted her to be the ‘cute’ version of herself.
Paige grimaced. “Yeesh.”
“I know.”
“The separate beds decision makes total sense now. What a mood killer.”
Tim set down the leather guest book on the table.
“Shouldn’t we wait until the end of the trip to write our comments?” Paige said. “In case it sucks?”
“How could this possibly suck,” Tim replied, gesturing at the view of Whangamata beach in front of them. A pohutukawa tree framed the idyllic blue of the Pacific Ocean with both grass and sand also visible: a classic Kiwi vista.
“True.” She looked in the direction of the kitchen. “Did you put the kettle on? I need coffee.”
“Things are going to be super awkward when Jake gets back,” Sophie mused glumly. “What time can we start drinking wine?”
***
BY MID-AFTERNOON, Paige, Tim, and Sophie were back on the front deck, their supposed quartet once again without its fourth.
Sophie dropped her phone on the table then slumped forward to rest her forehead on her hands. Tim and Paige exchanged glances.
“I can’t believe how quickly that went south,” Sophie said miserably.
“Neither can I,” Paige replied.
“Thanks.”
“What? You said it.”
“Do you really think Jake’s not coming back?” Tim said. “His message said he’d check-in later, right?”
Sophie raised her head properly. “Everyone knows that’s just a placeholder for the inevitable, “gonna have to bail” message.”
They’d had a reasonably successful morning, the breakfast barbecue turning into more of a brunch followed by a relaxed walk along the beach. But at around two o’clock, Jake had gotten a message from his cousin who also happened to be in Whangamata for the weekend. Within an hour Jake’s cousin had picked him up and they’d left without the merest whiff of a suggestion that Paige, Tim, or even Sophie should join him. “Overdue for a catch up with the rellies,” he’d said with a grin and a peck on the cheek for Sophie. “It’ll be boring for you guys. I’ll message later.”
“Well his stuff is here, so he’ll have to come back at some point,” Tim said sensibly, being a sensible sort.
“Right when the two of you are supposed to leave, I’d guess,” Sophie said, making a face.
“But are you even sad?” Paige said. “Really?”
Sophie looked thoughtful. “I guess not.” She sat up a little straighter. “Yeah, I’m mostly relieved, I guess.” She frowned. “Except this feels like another failure, you know?”
“Hey, if he only likes the ditzy version of you, then that’s on him,” Tim said.
“That’s sweet, thanks, Tim.”
“Yeah. You’re the whole package, and he should want all of it.” Paige added, nodding once. “Hey, it’s cocktail o’clock, don’t you think? It’s almost four and we need to cheer up Sophie. And we’re on holiday!”
“I could go for a beer,” Tim said, standing. “Should I set up the chilly bin?” He turned to Sophie. “I could put a few of Jake’s beers in there too, for when he does come back.”
“I don’t think that’s necessary.” Sophie forced a smile. The odds of Jake returning tonight were slim to none.
“How about I make gin and tonics?” Paige said cheerfully. 
Just then there was a knock on the front door.
“Come in,” Paige yelled. “We’re on the deck!”
After a moment, Anita’s young assistant appeared. “Hello,” she said, seeming uncertain. “I’m Marigold?”
“Is that a question?” Paige said.
“Oh, no, I guess not. I wasn’t sure if you remembered me. From last night?”
“Of course we remember,” Paige said with a frown. “What are we, suffering from amnesia?”
“Hi,” Tim and Sophie said in unison, both used to having to make up for Paige’s blunt social skills.
“I’m Sophie,” she added.
“Tim. This is Paige.”
Marigold cast a wary look at Paige, then forced a smile. “Hi.”
“What are you doing here?” Paige added cheerfully.
“Paige,” Sophie hissed.
“What? It’s a valid question.”
“Anita and Paul would like to invite you over for an aperitif. A pre-dinner drink.”
“We were just talking about having one of those,” Paige said happily. “We’re in.”
An intense look of relief appeared on Marigold’s face. “Come over to the front deck.” She turned to look over her shoulder. “You can’t quite see it from here, but it’s behind that hedge.”
“We’ll be over in ten,” Tim replied with a smile.
Once she’d gone, Sophie made a sad face. “I kind of wanted to wallow in my impending breakup. I can’t deal with new people and small-talk right now.”
“I’ll do the small-talk,” said Paige. “You can drown your sorrows.”
“Promise?”
“Promise.”
***
AT A LITTLE past ten p.m., Sophie, Paige and Tim were still next door, relaxing on the extremely comfortable outdoor lounge set. 
Drinks had turned into an impromptu barbecue—Tim had zipped back to grab the food they’d set aside for dinner and he and Marigold had together produced a delicious dinner. All in all, the evening had turned out to be quite enjoyable, Sophie had to admit. Anita had turned out to be rather a good conversationalist, regaling them with stories about her life, many of which involved celebrities and scandalous scenes on movie sets.
The only bummer of the evening was the inevitable text she’d received from Jake a few hours ago, the gist of which being he couldn’t make it back tonight but he’d see her tomorrow at which point they should probably talk. But Sophie wasn’t going to think about that now. She would enjoy her evening and get a good night sleep, and yes, there would be a bit of awkwardness tomorrow, but at least now she knew where they stood. She could stop worrying about what might happen because it already had. She and Jake were over.
“Hang on,” Paige said loudly, interrupting Sophie’s thoughts. “You got married, then divorced, then married again?”
Anita and Paul exchanged indulgent looks. “The heart wants what it wants,” Anita said, smiling beatifically.
“The heart wants to go through a divorce?” Paige raised her eyebrows.
The couple had met around thirty years ago on the set of a movie: Paul a camera operator and Anita the star. Paul had been completely smitten by Anita and Anita had been pretty enamoured by how much Paul worshipped her. But Paul, ten years older than her and already wanting to settle down, was too boring for the twenty-five-year-old Anita, and they broke up after only a couple of years. Two decades later they bumped into each other on another movie set and Anita, now ready for a relatively quiet life and a partner who could offer round-the-clock adoration, agreed to give it another go. Ten years on, they were still going strong.
“Actually, we never got divorced,” Paul said with a chuckle. “Funnily enough, we both thought we’d filed the papers, but when we reconnected, we discovered we were still legally married,” Paul said.
“But Anita, you got married to someone else in the middle,” Paige said. “Which means that marriage wasn’t legal. Right?”
Anita laughed. “Isn’t it an absolute hoot?”
Paige seemed uncertain. “I guess.”
“No children, then?” Tim asked.
“I think we need top-ups,” Anita said, lurching to her feet, swaying a little.
“Darling, I can do—” Paul began.
“I need to powder my nose anyway.”
Anita clutched the edge of the door as she made her way inside. Everyone listened as she bumped into a chair, cursed loudly, then slammed the bathroom door. Sophie watched Marigold look anxiously after Anita, perching on the edge of her chair as if ready to vault up at any moment.
“My, that’s lovely nail polish,” Paul said. Sophie turned to see him gesturing at her feet.
“Oh.” Sophie looked down, suddenly self-conscious. “Thanks. I got my first pedicure the other day. As a treat.”
“You did?” Paul’s eyes went wide. “How lovely. Did you enjoy it?”
“Uh, yeah. Mostly relaxing.”
Except for the weirdness of having a stranger shave off the dead skin from your heels, Sophie thought, but didn’t say.
“Lovely, lovely.” As Paul looked down at her feet again, Sophie drew them under the chair.
“We were talking about how funny it is that everyone wears flip flops here. Or, as Anita calls them, thongs.”
“Jandals,” Paige corrected him. “Here, they are called jandals.”
“Even to restaurants and the movies and places like that.” Paul seemed wonderous.
Paige frowned. “Why wouldn’t you?”
“Well, they’re beach attire.”
“Not here, they’re not. They’re summer footwear.”
“I’ve noticed.” Paul smiled happily.
“Anita’s been gone a while,” Marigold said out of the blue.
“Has she?” Paul frowned. “I don’t think so.”
“Maybe—”
A spine-chilling shriek pierced the air.

8
“A face. I saw a face.” Anita brought her trembling hands to her mouth. “At the window.” She lifted one hand to point dramatically at the window to the left of the basin. “Oh,” she cried, before crumpling into Paul’s arms and burying her face in his neck.
Paige pushed past Tim to run through the laundry and to the door that led outside. It was pitch black out, the only illumination the half-moon and a faint glow from where they’d left the kitchen light on next door. “Who has their phone on them?” she called back. “Or a torch?”
Tim jogged through the laundry and handed her his phone, the torch function already activated. Paige swung the bright beam around the area.
“Anything?” he asked.
“I can’t see anyone, but who’d be dumb enough to stay put after all that shrieking Anita did?”
Even so, Paige continued along the side of the bach, doing a full circuit of the house. Tim crept after her, just in case. When they finished, they joined everyone else in the living room.
Anita huddled on the couch next to Paul, who stroked her hair. “Well?” she said, casting huge eyes at Paige.
“Nothing out there. Tell me what you saw, exactly,” Paige said, adrenaline racing enjoyably around her body. This reminded her of the time, right when she and her father were in the middle of a week-long Sherlock Holmes marathon, there’d been a series of thefts in their neighbourhood. Someone had stolen a BMX bike from the kid next door, an expensive potted plant from the house across the road, and finally, the fancy barbecue from the Watson’s, a few doors down. Paige and her father, after a weekend of sleuthing, had found the stolen gear in the backyard of the local delinquent—to no one’s surprise. That two-day investigation still ranked as one of the best weekends of her life. 
Anita pursed her lips, seeming to be taking her time to gather the facts of the situation. She nodded. “I remember everything,” she said theatrically, as if it had happened in the distant past instead of five minutes ago. “I was at the sink washing my hands and a movement to my left caught my eye. When I turned, I saw a white blur at the window.”
Paige wrinkled her nose. “A white blur?”
“Yes.”
Silence fell.
“But definitely a face.” Anita added. “You believe me, don’t you?” She turned to Paul, anxious eyes under fluttering eyelashes.
“Of course, darling. If you say you saw a face, then you saw a face.”
Paige turned to Sophie to exchange an uncertain look. 
“I’ll make some chamomile tea,” Marigold said, her voice suddenly loud. “We could probably all do with a cup.”
“No.” Anita stood, Paul quickly springing up beside her. “I’m exhausted. I’m going to bed.”
Without saying another word—or anything that resembled a goodnight to her guests—Anita swept up the stairs. Paul trotted behind.
Marigold turned. “Um. I guess it’s time to say good night.”
“How is your security? Do you feel confident everything is locked up?” Paige said officiously.
Marigold bit her lip, then nodded. “You need a code to get in. You can set the doors so that you don’t need the code, for when you’re going in and out a lot, but otherwise it locks when you shut it.”
“The bach we’re staying in uses a code as well,” Paige said.
“Is that safer than keys?”
“Probably; you can’t pick a code.” Paige nodded. “I’ll check in on the situation first thing tomorrow,” she said firmly, as if she’d been designated the one in charge of security. “What time?” She raised both eyebrows.
Marigold looked uncertain. “We generally keep to a strict schedule. Bed at nine, lights out before ten, wake-up call at six-thirty and then up by seven, but—”
“Even on holiday?”
She nodded. “It’s better for your brain and body, apparently, to keep to a routine. And Anita needs her sleep. Eight hours otherwise….” She turned to look in the direction of the stairs. “But tonight is rather later than usual and Anita has had that fright.” She turned back to Paige. “Better come late morning, I’d say.”
“Fine.”
“Thanks for having us,” Sophie said.
“No problem,” Marigold replied.
They started toward the sliding doors.
“Wait, no.” Marigold stopped them. “I’ll let you out the back. I’ve already set those to lock for the night.”
“Right.”
They followed Marigold through the open-plan space past the kitchen. Before they could reach the door, Marigold came to an abrupt stop. “Oh,” she said, bringing her hand to her mouth.
“What is it?” Paige demanded.
Marigold pointed. On the kitchen floor lay a surprisingly large knife, its cruel blade catching the overhead light.
“Anyone drop a machete?” Paige said into the silence.
9
As the clock approached noon, Sophie lay reclined on the couch with the most recent W. I. Sandstorm thriller she’d checked out of the library along with two other books she hoped to finish while away. She turned the page and stopped, shaking her head in disbelief. Someone had taken a ballpoint pen and crossed out a comma on a library book. And for what? For whose benefit? Neither the author nor the editor would certainly ever see it. The next reader? What kind of person couldn’t live with a mistake existing in print, yet was happy to deface public property? Sophie peered at the page. And it wasn’t even a mistake, not really. God, people were weird.
With the unmistakable sound of a car in the driveway, Sophie sat up. Ears trained in the direction of the noise, she heard the car reverse. She got off the couch and went over to the window to see Jake trudging up the driveway towards the house. A white car idled on the street outside. Waiting for Jake, it seemed.
Well, Sophie thought grimly, at least their ‘talk’ would be brief.
“Hey,” he said, entering the bach through the patio doors, his smile somewhere between sheepish and nervous.
“Hey,” Sophie said brightly. “Good night?”
“Yeah. Overdid it a bit.” He rolled his eyes. Sophie nodded, offering a small smile. He took a couple of steps closer, then paused, barely inside the living room. He ran his hand through his hair. “How about you?” he said.
“Uh, yeah. Low key. Went next door for a barbecue.”
“Right, yeah. Cool.” Jake nodded. “A bit of mess left outside.”
Sophie frowned. “What do you mean?” She followed him over to the door and then outside. There, she saw a cigarette butt, an empty packet of chips, and a muddy shoe print. Large enough to belong to a man, most likely.
“I wouldn’t have pegged Tim as a litterbug,” Jake said.
“Me neither. And he definitely doesn’t smoke.”
“Kids? Or someone next door?”
From the end of the driveway, a horn sounded.
“My cousin’s waiting for me. I’ll just grab my bag and….”
Sophie nodded, feeling numb. They weren’t even going to have ‘the talk’, it seemed. Was this better? On one hand, any chance to avoid an awkward conversation she’d take. On the other, it felt weird to not even acknowledge the situation.
Sophie picked up the rubbish from the deck and followed Jake inside. As he fussed with his bag, she cast her eyes around the living room. On the coffee table sat a metal lighter. This, she knew, was Jake’s. She picked it up, grateful to have caught this. On their first date, he’d told her it was a present from his father so it obviously had sentimental value. She moved into the kitchen to double-check there, noticing the bottle of gin sitting on the counter was only half-full. She frowned. Had Paige made cocktails last night?
“Everything okay?” Jake said from behind her.
“Just surprised at how low the gin is.” She gestured.
“Yeah, I know how that goes.” Jake chuckled. “A hole in the bottle, ay?”
“No, we—”
“Yeah, yeah.” He laughed.
Sophie handed him the lighter. “This is yours.”
“Cheers, ta.”
For a moment Sophie stared at the lighter. “Are you sure it wasn’t you smoking on the deck?”
Jake met her eyes and frowned. “What?”
“Nothing.” She gestured at his bag. “All set?”
“Yeah. I’ll, uh, catch you later, maybe?”
Before Sophie could say don’t worry about it, Tim and Paige came down the stairs.
“Are you off?” Tim asked.
“Yeah, yeah.” Jake seemed relieved to see them. “Riding back with my cousin.” The horn sounded again. “That’s him,” Jake said. “Hey, it’s been fun,” he said brightly. He pulled Sophie into a quick hug before almost running out the door. “Later.”
They all heard the roar of the engine as the car drove away.
“Another one bites the dust,” Paige said.
“Paige,” Tim hissed.
“What? It’s true. Plus, good riddance, right?” She flicked excited eyes from Tim to Sophie. “Time to go next door.”
***
MARIGOLD MET THEM outside the sliding doors. “Hey.” Her expression was hard to read, even to Sophie. “Come inside. Paul and Anita are in the other living room. It gets the morning sun.”
Last night, after they’d found the knife on the floor, Marigold had insisted they not bother Paul and Anita again that evening. And while she said it was probably nothing, she’d promised the insistent Paige they could talk about it over lunch the next day.
“Marigold has told us about the knife,” Paul said before Paige could speak. “Which is hardly something to get excited about. It could have fallen off the counter at any time during the evening. It’s just a knife.”
Sophie turned to Anita. She looked tired and confused and worse for the wear, despite a full face of makeup.
“It wasn’t there when we made dinner,” Tim said.
“Or when we did the dishes,” Sophie added, having done them herself—Paul had taken up a position next to her to “help”, but had mostly gotten in the way.
“And wouldn’t we have heard a clatter?” Paige said. “On the tile?”
“There was a fair amount of commotion,” Paul said.
“Anita, you could have easily knocked it to the ground at some point,” Marigold said earnestly. “It’s no big deal, really.”
Anita moved her gaze from Paul to Marigold, seeming uncertain.
“And what are you suggesting, anyway,” Marigold said to Paige. “That we go to the police and tell them we found a knife on the floor?” Marigold’s usual nervousness seemed to have disappeared.
“I haven’t suggested anything,” Paige said, a little huffily.
“What about the face I saw in the window?” Anita said quietly.
“Um.” Marigold bit her lip. “Are you really sure?”
“Are you implying I imagined it? Or perhaps that it’s all a fabrication?” Anita hissed, suddenly full of life, her eyes ablaze.
“No, of course not. But… it was super dark out there, right? If we went to the police what would we say? We were all drinking last night and all you saw was a white blur and a kitchen knife on the floor.”
Anita folded her arms across her chest and sniffed. “Fine. I’m going to take a pill and go back to bed.”
“A sleeping pill?” Marigold asked, her brow creasing.
“Yes,” Anita barked, rising to stand. She threw her eyes to the ceiling. “What of it?” Anita didn’t wait for a reply; she stalked out of the room with Paul close behind.
“Well this is disappointing.” Paige said.
“I think it would be better if we put last night behind us,” Marigold said evenly.
“Hey.” Paige brightened. “Since your boss has gone back to bed, do you want to come over to our place and have lunch with us instead?”
Sophie eyed her friend. Paige obviously hadn’t given up hope there was some nefarious situation to be investigated. Which wasn’t entirely surprising. Paige was not only obsessed with detective TV shows and movies, but her version of relaxing involved doing something. Sophie would much rather indulge Paige this “project” than join her on endless walks on the beach or some other alternative that required more energy than Sophie wanted to exert while on holiday. One walk per day was quite enough for her, thanks.
“Oh, uh.” Marigold looked back in the direction Anita had gone. “I guess there’s no reason why not. If she takes a pill she’ll be out for hours.”
“Does she do that a lot? Take sleeping pills during the day?” Sophie asked.
“Not so much recently, she’s been trying to cut back on, uh, that kind of thing.”
“Come on, I’m starving,” Paige said.
As Paige looped her arm through Marigold’s elbow, a heavy thump sounded from upstairs. Marigold cast a stricken expression in the direction of the noise.
“Should we—” Sophie started.
“It’s nothing. It’s fine. Let’s go,” Marigold said, hurrying through the door and across the front deck.
10
As Tim and Sophie set out bread, avocado, hummus, ham slices, cheese, tomatoes and a range of condiments, Paige showed Marigold around the bach, as well as a few of her favourite cat-fail videos. Paige wasn’t quite an animal lover, per se, but she didn’t mind cats and she certainly enjoyed watching them slipping on counters, intimidating much larger animals, and generally causing havoc.
“What do you do? For a living, I mean?” Marigold asked as they joined Tim and Sophie who’d almost finished setting the large outdoor table.
“Tim’s an engineer, and Soph and I have literally just finished PhDs.”
“Oh, wow. What subject?”
“Psychology.”
“Right,” Marigold nodded, “I remember you saying so. On the first night.”
“What about you?” Tim asked.
“I’m about to start a graduate programme soon. In film. Directing.”
“That’s pretty cool.”
Marigold smiled, seeming pleased. “Yeah. I’ve always wanted to make movies.”
“Who’s your favourite director?”
“Greta Gerwig.”
Suddenly, from the street beyond, came a loud squeal of tires. After a couple of angry horn blasts, a man’s voice could be heard. “Get out of here. Go on, bugger off.”
They all hurried to the edge of the deck and looked toward the source of the noise. A sixty-something-year-old stood near the bushes at the edge of the property line waving his fist at a disappearing car. When he turned, he noticed the foursome.
“Hi,” Tim said, stepping forward. “We’re staying at this place.” He thumbed behind him, even though it was quite obvious.
“Boy racers,” the man growled. “They could have hurt someone.” 
“Are you a local?” Paige asked moving closer. He looked like the kind of guy who knew how to survive in the wilderness for a week. Building fires and fishing with his bare hands. But maybe that was just his khaki cargo shorts.
He turned and pointed to a medium-sized bach one over from where Anita, Paul and Marigold were staying. Outside sat a white combi van. “Been here thirty years.”
“Hey, have you seen anyone lurking around?” Paige continued.
“There’s a couple of groups of teenagers here this weekend. Troublemakers.” He shook his head.
“Making trouble in what way?” Paige asked. “Looking through windows? Do they break into places?”
His eyes widened. “Like a peeping Tom?”
“No, no. I mean…” Paige thought about it. Maybe they were looking for a peeping Tom.
“I’ll keep watch. Tonight.” He nodded firmly. “If there’s some joker being a pervert, I’ll catch him.”
“Okay.”
“I’ve got a couple of mates on the force. I can rustle up some action if necessary.”
Paige nodded a little unenthusiastically. Of course if there was actual criminal activity a police presence would be welcome, but otherwise, this guy was kind of stealing her thunder.
“I’m Tim,” Tim said into the silence.
“Righto.” The man nodded. “Ambrose.”
“Ambrose?” Paige repeated.
He frowned. “Yes.”
“I’m Sophie,” Sophie interjected. “That’s Paige and Marigold.”
“Right then. I’m off to set some possum traps. They’re everywhere.”
“See you.” Tim turned to the others. “Let’s eat.”
“This looks great,” Marigold said as they took seats on the deck. “Anita doesn’t allow bread in her presence and I’ve missed it so much.”
“So you’re working for Anita until you start school?” Sophie said. “What’s that like?”
Marigold’s eyes went wide and she opened her mouth, then closed it again. “I’m learning a lot. There’ll be some good opportunities, I’m sure,” she said unconvincingly.
Marigold’s phone buzzed. “Oh dear. I have to get back.”
“You’ve barely eaten,” Sophie said as Marigold made to leave. “At least take something with you?” she continued.
“What if Anita smells bread on me?” Her phone buzzed again. And then once more. “Oh, she wants to invite you over for cocktail hour again.”
“She does?” Sophie frowned.
“Great,” Paige said before Sophie could decline. She had some questions about whatever was going on next door.
***
ANITA RAISED HER glass and shook it so the ice rattled.
“Another gin & tonic, Paul darling,” she called, smiling widely. Sophie watched her, aware that Anita was putting on some sort of show. But for whose benefit? She seemed in good spirits though.
“Paul?” she repeated. “Paul!” she screeched, shaking her glass violently.
“Yes, yes.” Paul hurried over.
Sophie mentally adjusted her assessment of Anita: not so much a good mood as a fluctuating one.
Suddenly, Anita lurched to standing. “Alright, dear?” Paul asked, setting down her drink.
Clutching her abdomen, Anita pushed past him and hurried away. “Have to, uh, powder my nose,” she called behind her.
For a moment, everyone was quiet.
“What did you ladies get up to, today,” Paul said loudly. “And can I fix you another drink.”
“Yes please,” Paige replied. “And nothing much. How about you?”
“Oh, er, the same. I suppose. We went for a walk and then…” he trailed off, seeming reluctant to finish the sentence.
“Then?” Paige pressed, latching onto his reluctance.
“Lounged about, you know.”
“How long are you visiting for?” Sophie asked.
“We’re in New Zealand for a month, then Australia for another six weeks, and home via Thailand.”
“And home is…?”
“Los Angeles.”
Anita returned. “Sorry about that. When nature calls.” She floated her hand in the air, then frowned. “What happened to the boys?” She looked around as if Jake and Tim had been present only moments before.
“They both left. Had to go back to the city today. Working tomorrow,” Sophie explained before Paige could announce Jake and Sophie’s break up. Sophie was not ready to dive into the inevitable analysis such a statement would generate. 
“Let’s have some music,” Anita trilled gaily.
Marigold rose from her chair, but Anita waved her off and dance-walked her way over to the music system. “Fleetwood Mac?” she called.
“Sure,” Paige replied.
Paul set down fresh gin and tonics then eased into the seat next to Sophie. His eyes dropped to her feet. “Ah, yes. Barefoot whenever possible, right? Gosh, New Zealanders have a great approach to life.” He smiled. “And that polish colour really is lovely.”
“Erm. Thanks.”
“Paul, darling,” Anita called from the kitchen. “Where’s the brie. And the stilton?”
“It’ll be in there somewhere, darling.”
“It’s not. It’s not here. Someone ate it.”
“Let me look.” Paul set down his drink. “You should be grateful someone else is eating the cheese,” he muttered as he stood up.
“Excuse me?”
Paul lifted his chin. “You’re trying to go off dairy. You need all the help you can get.”
Anita threw him a look somewhere between rage and contempt, then stalked back to her seat. As she lowered herself into the armchair, she suddenly froze. Sophie dropped her eyes to Anita’s hands, gripping the armrests so hard they were turning white. Paul, seeming to notice the same thing, sprang over to her.
“Love, are you alright?”
“I’m fine,” Anita snapped, dropping into her seat and bringing one hand to her temple. “My balance is a bit off. I think I, uh, I have water trapped in my ear. An inner ear infection. Probably from swimming earlier today.”
“You’ve been swimming?” Paige said dubiously. “It’s sunny sure, but the water—”
“Yes.” Anita glared at Paige.
Sophie, taking in Anita’s immaculate makeup and coiffed hair, was also dubious.
Anita pushed herself upright. She lifted her chin and patted her hair, then turned to leave but lost her balance and staggered to one side, clutching at Paul. Marigold also lurched over to grab her arm.
“Mom, are you okay?” she said, worry creasing her face.
“Need to lie down. Help me upstairs, would you?”
Together, Paul and Marigold helped Anita inside.
“Sorry,” Marigold called back.
As soon as they’d gone, Paige and Sophie turned to each other.
“Mum?”
11
Paige and Sophie took their glasses of wine into the living room and made themselves comfortable on the large three-seater couch. After being ejected from next door, they’d had a tapas dinner to finish off the rest of the bread then gone for a quick post meal walk to watch the sun set. When mosquitos started threatening to eat Sophie alive, they’d returned to the bach.
“They definitely hid that, right?” Paige said. “That Marigold is Anita’s daughter?”
“Yeah. Remember when Tim asked about children and Anita cut him off and changed the subject. It’s probably a vanity thing,” Sophie mused.
“She’s pretending she’s not old enough to have a twenty-something daughter?” Paige scoffed, taking a sip of her Shiraz.
“But Paul’s not her father.”
“No, I think she’s from the ‘marriage’ in the middle.”
“The one that’s not actually legal.”
“Right.”
Sophie scratched at the multitude of bites around her ankles. “Why don’t you get bitten?”
“I’m not tasty to them. Why would they bite me when you’re here.”
“I swear it wasn’t this bad before.”
“Oh, that’s because Tim’s gone. Mozzies love him.” Paige shrugged. “They always go for the tastiest option. First Tim, then you, then me… if they get desperate.” Paige grinned.
Sophie shook her head, still scratching, and took a sip of her own wine, a glass of the rosé.
“You know drinking wine will make the itchiness worse, right?”
Sophie rolled her eyes. “Yes.”
“Because wine is a histamine—”
“Paige. I know. But wine also helps because it distracts me from the bites. Sort of.” She made a face then jumped up to grab the calamine lotion from her toiletries bag.
As Sophie dabbed the ointment on the tender skin, they considered the question of Anita.
“I think she’s got a pill problem,” Paige said.
“I agree. She’s definitely showing some symptoms of drug use. And it explains why Marigold is so jittery and anxious. If Anita has a problem, she’s probably wildly unpredictable, making Marigold always on edge.”
“Her assistant, but also her daughter.” Paige shook her head. “I bet that’s a nightmare.” Her eyes went wide, a comical display of horror.
“Are you imagining working with your mother?”
“Yes. Being her assistant, specifically.”
Sophie smiled.
“What are the odds Anita actually saw a person in the window?” Paige said, looking glum.
“Dropping by the second. It could have easily been a trick of perception, a kind of hallucination.”
“There’s also the possibility she’d do something like that for the attention.” Paige nodded, looking thoroughly put out now. “I was enjoying the idea of solving a mystery.”
“I could tell.” Sophie thought about the events of earlier. “She does seem to be trying to cover up her symptoms.”
“So who is she trying to fool? Us? To save face?”
“Or she’s concealing it from everyone.”
“Not very well, I might add.”
“And hiding substance abuse is normal human behaviour,” Sophie finished. 
They both fell quiet, sipping their wine, until Paige broke the silence.
“You know, I think I can do it.”
“Do what?”
“I can ignore her personality and enjoy her work as an actress. One of my favourite detective shows hasn’t been ruined.”
Sophie laughed. “I’m so happy for you.”
***
SOPHIE LURCHED AWAKE. What was that? She’d heard a door shut. Nearby. She was sure of it. The door to her bedroom? Her heart hammered in her chest. Had someone been in her room? Shaking with adrenaline, she grabbed her phone from the nightstand, threw off the duvet and crept across the room. She took a breath, finding some courage, and eased open the door. Silence. Only the slight hum of the fridge and the various electronics in the living room broke the stillness. She inched out farther. Nothing so far. She cast the beam from her phone around the living room. At first, she thought there was nothing to see.
But then she froze.
Outside on the deck, crouching near the door, was a man.
12
“Paul? Please explain yourself,” Paige said.
Frown lines furrowed Paul’s brow. “I told you, I saw someone. I think Anita is right. There’s someone lurking around the area.”
Paige squinted at him and pursed her lips.
As soon as Sophie had seen the figure outside, she’d called Paige. Paige had woken at the sound of her phone and while unable to make out much of Sophie’s urgent whispering, she did hear one important word: Help. Paige had immediately run downstairs, flung open the doors, and shone a bright light in the intruder’s eyes, demanding an explanation.
Paul, seeming terrified, had insisted he himself had seen someone suspicious running down the side of the property.
“I don’t believe you.” She turned to Sophie and raised her eyebrows. “Human lie-detector, what do you say?”
“Um.” Sophie shook her head. “I don’t know, I can’t… I’m shaky. I feel weird.”
Paige looked from Sophie back to Paul.
“Look, you can’t keep me here,” Paul said, seeming to muster confidence from somewhere. “I was trying to help. I’m leaving.” He turned and hurried across the deck and back over to the neighbouring bach.
Paige didn’t stop him, instead shepherding Sophie to the couch and going to the kitchen to make a cup of tea.
“He wasn’t lying?” she asked once she’d pressed a mug of chamomile into Sophie’s hands.
She cradled the cup. “I’m not exactly in the best space for that kind of thing right now.”
Paige nodded slowly. “So Paul is either the peeping Tom, which I could totally see, by the way, or he was snooping around here for another reason. Or he was telling the truth and he did actually see someone lurking.”
“Hey, does Paul smoke?” Sophie asked, suddenly remembering the random cigarette butt from the day Jake left.
“I haven’t seen him, but I don’t know for sure.” Suddenly, she let out an excited noise. “I have an idea.”
Sophie eyed her warily.
“Let’s stay up tomorrow night and watch for him. Better yet, set a trap.”
“A trap?”
Paige clapped her hands. “OMG. We’ll catch him red-handed. It’s going to be epic.”
***
THE NEXT DAY, after their interrupted night’s sleep and in preparation for the evening’s stakeout, both Paige and Sophie took afternoon naps.
At around five, they started preparing dinner, deciding to pair a large green salad with sausages, chicken wings and eggplant on the barbecue.
“No invitation to cocktail hour today,” Paige said wryly as they sat down to eat.
“The Paul-is-a-peeping-Tom accusation probably put a damper on things.”
“Probably.”
Suddenly Paige stood up. “Hey!” she called. Sophie turned to see what she was looking at. “Hey, you,” Paige repeated.
A forty-something-year-old man stood on the front lawn, about halfway between the two baches. “What?” he said, seeming immediately irritated.
“What are you doing?” Paige continued.
He squinted in her direction for a moment, then ignored the question and dropped his head to look at something on his phone. He was casually but expensively dressed and acting as if he was supposed to be there, despite obviously not being sure of his surroundings.
“I asked you what you’re doing,” Paige repeated.
The man looked up, hesitated, then started toward them. “I’m supposed to meet someone.”
“Who?”
“Trying to recall the name.” The man, now speaking to Sophie, had pasted on a smile, obviously deciding it was worth trying to be charming. He tapped his head then offered a self-depreciating smile. “Liam, I think?”
“There’s no Liam here,” Paige said.
He frowned. “Are you sure?”
“Not at all. There’s a bunch of guys roaming around inside and I don’t know all their names, maybe he is back there.”
The guy paused, one foot on the steps leading up to the deck.
“I’m joking,” Paige clarified.
“Right. Forget it.” He lifted his phone to his ear and retraced his steps toward his car, a much larger than necessary four-wheel drive, parked in front of the white combi van belonging to Ambrose, their possum-trapping neighbour.
A minute later, he pulled out in an aggressive squeal of tires and disappeared down the road.
“What was that all about?” Paige said, staring after him.
***
AT AROUND ELEVEN o’clock, after watching Annihilation on Netflix and spending a good twenty minutes discussing the ending, Paige turned off the TV screen. 
“How is this going to work?” Sophie asked, reclining on the couch. “We literally sit here and watch for someone trying to break in?”
“Yeah.”
“What about the trap we’re supposed to be setting?”
Paige looked around the room. They’d turned out all the lights to watch the movie. “It looks as if we’ve gone to bed, thus enticing the intruder inside.”
“Hmmm,” Sophie said. “I don’t—” 
There was a thump. They both sat up, eyes latched onto each other.
“That didn’t take long.”
“Where did it come from?”
“I can’t tell.”
Frozen, they stayed where they were, listening for other sounds. Finally, they heard a car starting.
“That’s from next door. Come on.”
Keeping low, they crept over to the kitchen where they had the best view of the neighbouring property. “Look. That’s Paul and Anita’s car.”
“The headlights are off.”
They watched the car back slowly and quietly down the driveway.
“Can you see who is driving?” Paige asked.
“Not at all.”
“Maybe Marigold is off for a midnight rendezvous with someone. She is in her early twenties, after all. Maybe she’s gone clubbing?”
“Where? This isn’t exactly a nightclub district.” Sophie said wryly.
“Hmm. Yeah, probably not. A party?”
“On Tuesday night?”
“A random Tinder hook-up?”
“She didn’t seem the type.”
“No, she did not.”
“Then who and why?”
13
Marigold yanked at the hair at the base of her neck, pulling and pulling until finally, satisfactorily, a small clump came out in her hand. Immediately, she felt the familiar but still strange combination of relief and regret. She turned her attention to her reflection in the mirror. Her eyes looked puffy and her skin, which should be nicely sun-kissed, looked grey.
This was getting to her. Had she made a huge mistake? Maybe, but what could she do about it now? Feeling suddenly irritated, she scowled. God, why couldn’t her mother sort herself out. How could you get to be as old as her and still be so useless? She would never get like that, Marigold promised herself. No matter how famous she got. She took a sip of coffee and a bite of the mediocre bagel she’d toasted ten minutes ago—she’d brought her breakfast upstairs so she didn’t have to sit around with Anita and Paul; they were being so annoying—then picked up her phone.
After thinking for a moment, she took her coffee cup and plate with the half-eaten bagel over to the windowsill. She placed it so that the beach was visible in the background then took a photo. She played with the filter until the colours popped, and then posted it with a bunch of generic hashtags about yummy breakfasts and being blessed and being on vacation and blah-blah. She then stayed where she was for a moment, looking out at the water, thinking about her life back in the US. Yes, it was worth it, she decided, nodding to herself. All of this was justified and it would all work out in the end. She picked up the remains of her breakfast and moved toward the door, needing a coffee refill. But just outside, hovering in the hall like a weirdo, was Paul. She frowned. “What’s up?”
“Oh, morning.” He said nervously, pulling at the top of his shirt. She waited for him to say something else. “Did you hear anything last night?” he said finally. “The last couple of nights?” he added awkwardly.
Marigold eyed him, wary. “Did you?”
His gaze locked on hers. “Of course not.”
They stared at each other for another moment.
“Stop being weird, Paul.” She moved past him down the hall, ignoring the contractions in her stomach.
14
Sophie and Paige decided, despite the potential awkwardness of talking to Paul again and asking Marigold about midnight sex runs, to go next door. Last night, they’d gone to bed shortly after seeing the car leave, realising there wasn’t much point in staying up. Even if there had been an intruder—other than Paul—they weren’t likely to try again the very next night, especially after all that commotion.
“The car came back really early this morning,” Sophie said as they put their breakfast dishes in the dishwasher.
“How early?”
“I looked out the kitchen window at six and it was there.”
“You woke up at six? Why?”
Sophie shrugged. “Hard to sleep. A lot buzzing around my head. I guess part of me is worried there really is someone lurking around.”
“Do you think Paul was trying to actually break in?”
“I honestly don’t know. He’s guilty of something a bit dodgy, for sure.”
Paige pressed her lips together. “Either Paul tried to get inside the house or he did actually see someone else doing the same. And someone next door snuck out for a secret rendezvous last night.” She nodded. “We’re going to find out who.”
“But is that really our business?”
“We caught Paul.”
“But how does that relate to the car leaving late at night?”
Paige looked uncertain. “I don’t know, but it does. I can feel it.”
They walked across the property line and onto the front deck. Paige knocked on the sliding doors and then pulled at them to open. They didn’t budge.
“I guess it’s still on lock.”
She knocked again. “Hello?” she shouted through the glass.
Marigold suddenly appeared, hurrying across to open the door. “Hey. What’s up?” She stood in the entrance, blocking any possible entry.
“Um.” Paige turned to Sophie. “We, uh….”
Sophie thought fast. “We wanted to invite you three over for brunch.”
“Oh.” Marigold turned and looked behind her. “Maybe not today. Anita isn’t feeling well.”
As Marigold turned back, Paul jogged down the stairs. He stopped when he saw Paige and Sophie. “Oh. Good morning. I er…” Paul’s eyes latched onto Sophie as pink bloomed on his cheeks.
“Tell us more about the person you saw,” Paige demanded. “The other night, I mean.”
Marigold turned to stare at Paul. “What night?”
“Oh, uh,” Paul looked flustered. “I’m not entirely sure. It looked like a shape running down the side of the house.”
“That doesn’t explain why you were on our deck?” Paige folded her arms across her chest and narrowed her eyes.
“Please, let it go,” Paul said suddenly, urgently. He made to ascend the stairs.
“Wait,” Paige called. He turned back. “Where did you go in the car last night?” She looked from Paul to Marigold.
“The car?” Paul said, frowning.
“Someone left the property in your car last night. Around eleven. Came back early this morning.”
“No. You must be mistaken. All three of us were here all night,” Marigold replied.
“Don’t you need to check with Anita?”
“No, she took a sleeping pill. She couldn’t have driven. And she doesn’t drive. At all, really.”
“Look, none of this is your concern, really. And everything is fine.” Paul nodded. “We’d like to have some family time. Alone,” he added firmly.
“Would you like to have brunch with us today?” Paige said, ignoring Paul.
“Today isn’t so good,” Marigold said apologetically.
Paige turned back to Paul. “What were you really doing the night before last?”
“I already told you.” Paul turned and disappeared up the stairs.
“Sorry,” Marigold whispered as she slid shut the door.
Paige and Sophie had no choice but to walk away. But as they crossed the property line, a voice called out to them.
“Hello?”
They turned to see Anita’s face framed in the window upstairs. She waved frantically at them.
“Are you okay?” Sophie called.
“I saw someone. Early this morning. Outside on the lawn,” Anita hissed. “I’m not making it up,” she added. “Don’t listen to them.” Her eyes looked wild. “They don’t know.” With that, she yanked shut the window and disappeared.
15
Paige and Sophie, having again tried and failed to enter the property after Anita’s strange announcement, were now banished from next door and forced to while away the day lazing around the bach. With rain clouds now looming above, outdoor activities had become a risky proposition and Paige had turned her attention to the possibility of inside games.
“Ooh, we could do a jigsaw puzzle,” Paige said, standing in front of the large games cupboard.
“Sure, maybe. But I’m happy to read or whatever.” Sophie picked up the visitor book sitting on the coffee table.
“No, we should do one of these, it will be fun.” Paige nodded, as if the decision had been made.
Sophie flicked to the most recent entry in the book. “Oh cute, Tim signed it.”
Paige turned. “What did he say?”
“Just, Love.”
“Nothing from Jake?” Paige made a face.
“Ha. No.”
“And he hasn’t messaged you since?”
Sophie shook her head.
“Rude.”
“I know. Well, I guess I haven’t messaged him either. At least we’re on the same page.” Sophie continued to flick through the guest book, reading entries from the handful of visitors over the last year or so. “We should sign it too.” Suddenly she stopped. “Whoa.”
“What?”
“Listen to this, it’s from the people who were here before us. Or at least, the last to write something before Tim’s entry. Beautiful bach, beautiful beach, beautiful view… shame about the noises.”
“What noise?”
“It doesn’t say. It could be loud music; kids partying nearby?”
“Did they leave their name?”
“Yeah.”
“Tell me. I’ll look them up on Facebook.”
Sophie recited the name. “Then what?”
“I’ll ask about the noise.”
“Isn’t that a bit intrusive?”
“They’ll cope. It could be relevant.”
“How?”
“Not sure, but didn’t you say you heard something weird the first night?”
“Yeah, like heavy breathing. Almost like snoring. I thought it was Jake, but he said it was probably rats living in the wall.”
“Gross.”
Sophie shrugged. “Apparently really normal.”
“Even in a modern place like this?”
“I’m not an expert in rat housing.”
“But a snoring noise?”
“I mean, that’s what I thought at the time. But it was the middle of the night. Everything sounds weird and ominous.”
Paige pursed her lips. “You haven’t heard it since then?”
“I’ve mostly been wearing earplugs.”
Sophie fell silent as Paige typed out a message to the previous visitors to Richard’s bach.
“You really think they’ll respond?”
“They either will or they won’t.” Paige dropped her phone. “Hey, I can’t stop thinking about Anita.”
“Yeah. I’m kind of worried about her. The way she stuck her head out the window. It was almost like she’d been trapped up there.”
“And then Marigold and Paul telling us to go away. Is it possible that she’s being held captive by them?” Paige said excitedly.
“But why?”
“Maybe they’re going to stage an accident,” Paige whispered theatrically.
“Really?” Sophie said dubiously.
Paige tilted her head. “Okay maybe not, but they could be doing something against her will. Forcing her to....” She trailed off and looked off to one side, obviously trying to come up with an exciting explanation for the behaviour of the occupants of next door. 
“But what can we do? Paul and Marigold both told us to go away.”
“Ooh.” Paige nodded excitedly. “That guy on the other side with the weird name.”
“Ambrose.”
“Yeah. He said he had police friends. We could tell him. Get someone to check it out.”
“Won’t they tell him or his friends to go away too?”
“Maybe not. Come on.”
They left the bach and walked quickly down the driveway and out to the street. The white combi was parked at the kerb. “Hopefully that means he’s home,” Paige said, nodding at the vehicle.
They walked up to the door and knocked.
“I can’t see any lights on,” Sophie said, stepping to one side to peer through the large window at the front. “But it’s not dark yet.”
Paige knocked again, then waited. “Doesn’t seem to be home. We’ll try again later.” Paige turned to leave. “But we’re making a stop on the way back.”
“A stop? Not Anita again? Paige, they’ll call the police on us if we go back.”
“I don’t mean there. Come on.”
Paige led Sophie to the dairy-slash-takeaways place on the corner. While she purchased a notepad and a cheap ballpoint pen, Sophie ordered a serving of fish and chips for two. They took their dinner to the beach and settled in a comfy spot on the sand. 
After a few minutes of eating, Paige opened the notepad and clicked her pen. “Let’s go over the evidence.”
“The evidence?”
“The clues, whatever.” Paige tapped the paper. “The very first night, Anita said she heard something.”
“But when they had a look around, they found nothing.”
“They saw nothing. Doesn’t mean there wasn’t something to find.” Paige nodded with confidence, writing down: Noise in Anita house Friday night.
“Then the next night, when we were there, Anita saw a face in the bathroom window.”
“And there was a knife on the floor of the kitchen.”
Paige wrote these down. “And then the car going out in the middle of the night. Which they denied. Oh, and then Anita saying she saw someone on the lawn.”
“Probably whoever took out the car, right? Marigold, or Paul, I guess, coming back.”
“True. But then what was Paul doing on the deck that night?”
“When I woke up, I wondered whether someone had been in my room. But I probably heard the sound of Paul outside and my brain turned it into something else.”
“He said he saw someone, but he could have been lying.”
“And how would someone get in? We’ve been good about making sure the doors and windows downstairs are shut and locked, right? If you don’t have the door code, you can’t get in through the door, and no downstairs windows were left open,” Sophie repeated herself. “Oh,” she said abruptly, suddenly remembering something. “The day Jake left, I saw an empty packet of chips, a cigarette butt and a footprint on the deck.”
“Really. Maybe someone was casing the joint? Trying to figure out a way in?”
“I guess.”
Paige noted this down and then looked up, seeming thoughtful. “What about Anita’s weird behaviour. Shall we make that a separate list?” She didn’t wait for a reply, heading up a new page with ‘Anita’. “Was she normal the first night?”
Sophie nodded slowly. “Yes. She didn’t seem under the influence of anything.”
“The next night she seemed tipsy. She staggered around a bit, remember? But maybe it wasn’t alcohol.”
“Alcohol as well as pills?”
“Which means the face she saw could have been distorted perception.”
“And the other day, her mood seemed all over the place. Manic, then irritable. And she had to run to the bathroom.”
“Diarrhoea?” Paige wrinkled her nose.
“Diarrhoea.” Sophie nodded. “I’d guess. Which can be associated with substance use and abuse.”
“And then she like, almost fainted.” Paige snapped her fingers. “Oh. Remember she mentioned a sleeping pill.”
“And Marigold seemed worried,” Sophie continued. “And she made that comment about how Anita’s trying not to do ‘that’ anymore.”
Paige looked at her list. “All we’ve got is a few weird noises and someone who’s probably abusing her sleeping pill prescription and drinking too much.”
“Marigold is really anxious and nervous, though. I get the feeling she’s hiding something.”
“Her mother’s pill problem?”
“And Paul seems a bit… off as well,” Sophie mused.
“Oh. Anita has an Instagram account.” Paige picked up her phone. “I already checked it out. It looks pretty active. Maybe there’s a clue here.”
“Paige, I’m not sure all this actually means anything. Yes, Paul and Marigold told us to go away and wouldn’t let us see Anita, but maybe they’re just sick of us butting in, or trying to cover up her issues. She is semi-famous, after all. Maybe they’re worried we’ll sell the story to an American tabloid or something.”
“They could be trying to gaslight her,” Paige said, still focused on her phone.
“Marigold and Paul?” Sophie thought about it. “They don’t really seem the type, but everyone has been acting weird and they’ve all displayed behavioural indicators of lying. So yeah, it’s possible, I guess. If we aren’t ruling anything out.”
Paige dropped her phone and went back to her notepad, but then abruptly looked up. “Something is pinging in my brain, but I don’t know what.”
“What kind of thing?”
“I’m not sure. I’ve seen something relevant, but I don’t know what it is yet?”
“Something from Instagram?”
“Maybe.”
“What’s Anita’s feed like?”
“She’s been posting pretty much every day. Mostly, look how beautiful NZ is, look at us in the Coromandel. Arty shot of a cocktail with the ocean in the background. It’s almost certainly Marigold posting though, right? I cannot imagine my mother using Instagram.”
Sophie nodded. “Most famous people get their assistants to post, I think.”
Paige’s phone pinged. She grabbed at it with excitement. “Yes! It’s the people who stayed here, they replied to my Facebook message.” She read their response; her eyes feverish. “Oh my god. Listen to this: Heard some strange sounds, mostly at night. Heavy breathing or snoring. Only in the downstairs master.”
Sophie grimaced. “They heard it too.”
Paige stood up. “We have to check it out.”
They abandoned the beautiful vista of the setting sun, deposited their rubbish in the bin, then hurried back to the bach. But as they walked up the driveway, they noticed an unfamiliar car parked behind the Jetta.
“Whose car is—”
“Oh no,” Paige said. “He came back.”
Sophie looked from the car to Paige, dread swirling through her body. Paige could only mean one person.
“Richard,” Sophie said. She grabbed Paige’s hand and pulled her into the shrubbery that served as something of a property line.
“Ow, what are you doing?”
“Let’s hide. Maybe he’ll give up and go away.”
“But your car is there.”
“For all he knows we’re still at the beach. Or we went to eat at one of those restaurants we saw on the main road.”
“It’s fine, I’ll tell him to bugger off,” Paige said. “He’s not my supervisor anymore, remember?”
“But he is, Paige. You haven’t actually finished yet.”
Paige hesitated. “True.”
They both looked up at the house. One light was on in the living room, but that was all.
“I can’t see him.”
“He’s probably lying in wait in the living room. Staying out of sight so he can ambush us.” Sophie rolled her eyes.
“Maybe Marigold will take pity on us. Maybe we can wait him out next door,” Paige said, already crossing over to the lawn.
“We’re not exactly their favourite people right now.”
As Sophie weighed up the two unpleasant options of hanging out with three people who didn’t want them there versus hanging out with Richard, a voice called out, breaking the stillness of the evening.
“Hello?”
They whirled around. Like before, Anita had poked her head out of the upstairs window. “Coo-eee, I’m up here,” she called, as if they weren’t looking right at her. “How are you both? What have you been up to?”
“Um.” Sophie looked behind her to see if Richard had heard Anita’s voice. A light came on in the kitchen. “Paige,” she hissed, “he’s coming to the window.”
“Go around the side.”
“Girls?” Anita called again. “Where are you going?”
“Why is her voice so loud,” Paige whispered as they scuttled around the side.
“She’s probably had training. Voice projection. For theatre.” Sophie whispered back as they got into a hiding position and peered around the edge of the house. From there, they could clearly see Richard open the side door.
“Hello?” Richard’s voice rang out.
Without speaking the two of them both turned and moved farther behind the house.
“Ooh. Look,” Paige said, suddenly stopping and pointing at the ground in front of her.
“Are you kidding? It’s really dark now.”
“Never mind.” Suddenly a bright light lit up the space directly in front of Paige.
“Did you just take a photo?” Sophie said incredulously.
“Yes,” she started to turn, “it’s—”
“Is someone out there?” Richard called, his voice sounding a bit closer this time.
“Keep going,” Sophie hissed, pushing at Paige’s back. When they reached the other side of the house, they stopped and listened for sounds of either Anita or Richard.
For about a minute they stood there, straining their ears past the sounds of the waves, but there was nothing.
“So what do we do?” Sophie said eventually, looking up at the side of the house. “We can’t stand here all night.” She sighed. “Maybe we have to go back and deal with Richard. We could ask him to leave politely.”
Paige shook her head. “I can’t believe he showed up here again.”
“I can,” Sophie said, making a face.
Just then, from the other side of the house, someone cried out in pain. For a brief moment, Sophie and Paige were frozen, eyes locked on each other, then they lurched into motion.
They ran across the front of the property to their bach and there, lying motionless on the ground, was Richard.

16
Almost immediately, Richard sprang up, rubbing the back of his head. “What?” He frowned. “Where did you come from? What…?”
“We were, uh, at the beach,” Paige said. “What happened? Why were you on the ground?”
“I, uh…” Richard looked around, as if searching for an explanation. He turned back, his eyes latching onto Sophie, then forced a smile and dropped his hand. “I must have slipped on a loose piece of something and hit the ground. Ha-ha, clumsy. No big deal.”
“Are you okay?” Sophie asked.
“You slipped on what?” Paige interrupted, frowning. “A loose bit of grass?” She marched over to the spot where he’d been lying. “There’s nothing here.”
“No, uh, there was a rock. It doesn’t matter.”
Paige walked back to him. “Richard, what are you doing here?”
“Oh, uh.” Richard looked from her to Sophie, then gave them an uncertain smile. “Just wanted to check on something. A, uh, plumbing thing. But I have and it’s all good, so I’ll be off.”
“The plumbing has been fine.”
“See you later.” In the next moment, Richard was in his car and reversing down the driveway.
“That was so weird,” Paige said staring after him.
“It was. But I don’t buy his story that he slipped.” Sophie turned to Paige. “I think someone hit him on the head.”
***
THEY TOOK CUPS of tea into the living room and settled on the couch to review the strange events of the evening.
“Why would he lie?”
“He was clearly embarrassed. I think he came over with some feeble excuse, went outside when he heard Anita, and someone hit him on the head. The whole thing was a bit shocking, disorienting, and when you confronted him, he felt foolish and wanted to get out of there.”
“And what about Anita, hanging out the top window again.”
“Is it possible she’s actually trapped up there?”
“For what reason, though. And how are we going to find out?”
“Hey, what did you take a photo of?” Sophie asked. “Outside the back of their house.”
“Right. I almost forgot with the Richard drama.” Paige picked up her phone and showed Sophie.
“A cigarette butt.”
“Yeah. Another one. You found one on the steps of our deck. And then there was another one. So who’s the smoker?”
“We’ll have to ask Paul.”
“Oh my god, I just remembered.” Paige set down her mug and stood up.
“What?”
“The Facebook message. About the noises in the master room.”
“Yes, of course.”
They both hurried over to where Sophie had been sleeping.
“What are we looking for?” Sophie said after a minute of walking around the space. There wasn’t much to see: two small bedside tables, one of which had Sophie’s book, her earplugs, and a bottle of water. There were a couple of paintings on the wall, a prettily upholstered divan under the window, an armchair in the corner, and one large built-in wardrobe.
“I don’t know.” Paige went over to the wardrobe and flung open the doors. It was empty except for Sophie’s suitcase. Paige stared into the space for a moment, then turned and ran from there into the second room, the one with two bunk beds and a smaller double. “There’s no wardrobe or drawers in here.”
Sophie followed her. “So?”
Paige did a circuit of the room, stopping at the corner where the two bunk beds met. “Aha!” There was three feet of space in between the two, and rather unexpectedly, a door.
Sophie joined her, clutching her elbow as Paige reached for the handle, then stepped inside.
“Wait, Paige, maybe—”
“It’s deceptively large,” she began. “Oh.”
Sophie peered over her shoulder. At the far end of the approximately 2 x 2 metre space, sprawled on a single bed, the light from his phone creating a blue tinge to his face, was a twenty-something-year-old guy. Packets of potato chips and an assortment of other wrappers littered the area. And a packet of cigarettes sat next to the bed.
“Lucas Thinton,” Paige said, wondrous.
He lifted sullen eyes. “Ugh. Has Dad left? And when are you two going to jet? I am so sick of being stuck in here.”
17
Lucas Thinton, Professor Richard Thinton’s eldest son, took a sip of the beer he’d helped himself to. “This cool?” he asked, even though he’d obviously already assumed they wouldn’t mind because half of it was gone.
“Tim left them.” Paige shrugged. “You took next door’s car for a midnight spin?”
Lucas sniffed unapologetically. “Yeah.”
“And that guy who came by was looking for you, wasn’t he,” Sophie said. “He said Liam but he meant you, right?”
Speaking as if bored and all this was someone else’s fault anyway, Lucas explained how he’d forgotten about a meeting he’d set with a potential investor for his exciting new venture. The guy, annoyed that Lucas had blown him off, had said if Lucas still wanted to meet, he’d have to go to his place in Tairua, another coastal Coromandel town about twenty minutes away. Lucas, currently without a car, had been forced to borrow one to meet him otherwise he would have missed out. He’d heard Marigold talking about their strict sleeping schedule and figured they’d never know if he left after ten and returned before six. 
“Risky.” Paige eyeballed him.
Lucas sniffed. “I take risks. That’s the kind of guy I am.” He seemed smug.
“How did you get the car keys?”
“We know the code. The owners of next door know the code to this place as well. We’re family friends.”
“So you can let yourself in and out of both places as you like.”
“Dad had put your stay in the bach calendar so I was ready to hang in that room for the weekend, but then I heard you talking about how you were here for more than a week, I figured I could stay next door instead.” He smiled at Sophie in a way that made him look a lot like his father. “Maybe hang out with you guys. Have a beer. Be neighbourly. Get to know each other,” he added, his smile officially turning into a leer.
“But then Anita and the others showed up and you had to hurry back here,” Paige said. “It was your face that Anita saw in the window, right?”
“What?”
“Admit it. You were looking into the bathroom.”
Suddenly Lucas seemed annoyed. “I’m sick of this. I’m not doing anything wrong.”
“Aren’t you?”
“This is my bach.”
“You bought it, did you?”
Lucas rolled his eyes.
“And why are you hiding in that small room.”
He looked away, defiance on his face.
“Because your father doesn’t know you’re here, does he,” Sophie said. “Where does he think you are?”
“Otago,” he mumbled. “He doesn’t know I’ve left uni. But so what? I’m here and I want you two to leave. I’m so over this.”
“Did you get kicked out of uni?” Sophie asked.
“I’m going to be an entrepreneur. I’ve got heaps of ideas and some investors lined up.” Lucas set down his beer angrily. “Whatever.”
Suddenly, his phone buzzed. He jutted out his chin. “That’ll be one of them now, telling me it’s all on.” He dropped his gaze to check the message. A moment later he threw his phone on the couch and sighed.
“Not going to be a millionaire just yet?” Paige said drily.
“Dad knows I’m here. The cleaners saw me last week and they’ve dobbed me in.” He made an irritated sound. “So there you go. Dad knows. You’ve got nothing on me now. So I’m staying. And I’m moving back into the master bedroom upstairs.” He scowled.
Paige and Sophie exchanged looks. “Our cue to leave,” Sophie said.
“Bonus, we don’t have to clean up now,” Paige said brightly. “Oh, and Lucas? You snore like a pig. In case you didn’t know. It’s all there in the guest book.”
***
PAIGE AND SOPHIE stood next to Sophie’s Volkswagen Jetta. They’d packed up their belongings in record time, grumpily overseen by Lucas who seemed to believe their presence was a personal insult to him.
“I don’t think he is inviting friends over, by the way,” Sophie said, nodding in the direction of where Lucas now sat on the deck. “But having him there is reason enough to leave.”
“Agreed.”
“It’s a shame we had to cut the holiday short.”
“And while we know who has been lurking around, we’re never going to find out what’s going on with Anita.”
They both looked up at the neighbouring bach.
“Should we go over and say something?” Sophie said. “It feels weird not saying goodbye, at least.”
Paige marched over to the sliding door and rapped on the glass. After a minute, she tried the handle. It didn’t budge.
“Their car is still here, so they obviously don’t want to talk to us,” Sophie said.
“What about Ambrose? We could try him one more time. Ask him to check up on Anita or something?”
“Good idea.”
They hurried over, but again, it looked empty and lifeless. This time, Paige tried the door, but it was locked.
“It is a weekday. Maybe he’s at work,” Sophie offered.
Paige pointed at the white van, still sitting on the street outside. “It’s almost six and his van is there.”
For a moment, they stood there.
“I guess there’s nothing else to do but leave,” Paige conceded.
They returned to the Jetta and began their journey home. Sophie navigated the windy coromandel roads carefully, like the cautious driver she was, and about an hour later they’d reached Kopu, just outside the township of Thames.
“Let’s stop for a quick break, ay?” Paige suggested
“Thanks, yeah.”
They pulled into the first place that was open, a large and delicious smelling bakery-type pit-stop, and settled at a table near the window. Paige ordered a coffee and Sophie a peppermint tea.
Paige took out her phone. “Something is still bugging me, but I don’t know what. It’s like my brain is itching at me. Trying to tell me I’d missed something.”
“There’s something I’ve been thinking about as well.”
Paige looked up to regard Sophie. “Yeah?”
“The way Lucas reacted when you said it was him in the window. He seemed genuinely confused.”
“If he wasn’t the face in the window….”
“It’s possible Anita hallucinated that, but what about Richard? If I’m right that someone knocked him out, was that Lucas? Would he really hit his own father?”
“I mean, maybe? They’re both pretty annoying.”
When their drinks were brought to the table, they were both silent for a moment: Sophie lost in thought and Paige lost in her phone.
“What do you think Lucas’s business idea was,” Sophie said after a while. “I wanted to ask but also didn’t want to know, you know?”
“Oh. My. God,” Paige said.
“What is it?”
Paige held up her phone to show Sophie. “What my brain was trying to tell me.”
18
Underneath one of Anita’s Instagram posts was a comment: Beautiful. Can’t wait to see you, written by a user with the name ambrosia
“Ambrosia?” Sophie said, feeling a bit sick. “That sounds like—”
“And check out their account.” Paige clicked on the name and then on one of their recent posts. “Does that van look familiar?”
A white combi van could be seen in various photos throughout the feed.
“It sure does.” Sophie grimaced. “It looks exactly like the one parked outside the bach a couple of doors down from Richard’s place.”
“And their most recent post?” Paige showed Sophie. The van was parked underneath the Whangamata turn off, with Ambrose standing in front of it, smiling broadly. This post was captioned: Soon.
“Oh, wow. Ambrose is Ambrosia, obviously. Why would he post a photo under the Whangamata turn-off if that’s where he lives?”
Paige shook her head. “Because I bet he doesn’t live there. We never saw him inside that bach, did we.” She scrolled and clicked for a minute, going through his feed. “Ooh, he’s on Facebook.” She switched over. “He lives in Hamilton,” she said finally. “And works as a builder.” Paige looked up.
“And he’s the president of the Anita Fairway Fan Club.”
19
Sophie parked on the street about fifty metres from the driveway so as not to be seen. They crouched down and ran up to the door to the bach Anita was staying in. It was locked.
“Crap. How do we get in?” Paige said.
“Well, we know someone nearby has the code,” Sophie said with a grimace.
“Of course; Lucas. Go quick, I’ll stay here.”
“Do I have to?”
“He’s way more likely to help you than me, Soph. Go.”
Fine.”
Sophie hurried next door. A minute later, she was back with Lucas in tow.
He puffed up his chest. “Stand back,” he said, as if about to break down the door.
Paige did, but only to let him enter the digits, then pushed him aside to enter the house. After a hurried search of the main living room and the second smaller lounge, they found Paul and Marigold sitting on the floor of the kitchen behind the breakfast bar and tied up with sturdy silver tape.
“Oh my god,” Sophie said. “Are we too late?”
“Let’s check upstairs.” Paige turned to Lucas. “Untie them and call the police.”
He looked put out for a moment, but dutifully dialled as he crouched down in front of the trussed pair.
Upstairs, Sophie and Paige very quickly established that all the rooms were empty, then raced downstairs again.
“Some lunatic took her outside,” Paul spluttered, now without anything covering his mouth. As Lucas continued to fuss around inexpertly trying to remove the silver masking tape, Marigold shot daggers at him.
“We’re on it!” Paige cried, immediately crossing the living room to go outside.
Sophie followed a little less enthusiastically. “Shouldn’t we wait for the police?’
“No time!” Paige cried again, casting her eyes around for any clues as to where Anita might have been taken.
“Where do you—”
“Look.” Paige pointed.
The white combi van still sat parked at the kerb. They ran over and Paige heaved open the sliding door. Inside the furnished van and sitting, completely unshackled, on the edge of a fold-out couch was Anita. Ambrose crouched nearby, holding a knife loosely in one hand and looking sweaty and unsure.
“Go away,” Anita hissed. “You’ll ruin it.”
“Ruin what?” Paige asked, wonderous. “Your abduction?”
“Yes. Isn’t this wild,” Anita gushed. “He’s an uber fan. He’s obsessed with me.” She batted her eyelashes at Ambrose. He smiled shyly back.
“I’m so glad we broke the speed limit racing to your rescue,” Paige said.
20
Lucas pouted and folded his arms across his chest. “Why can’t I stay? It’s boring over there.”
“That’s your problem,” Paige said as she shepherded him out the doors. “And didn’t you say you have friends coming over?”
Lucas made a disgruntled noise but trudged away across the deck. Paige scuttled back to the living room to join Sophie, Marigold, Paul, and Anita. Ambrose had been taken away by the local police for a bit of a chat a few minutes ago, despite Anita’s reluctance to press charges. She’d been downright put out when she learned the police had been called and her little abduction fantasy would soon be coming to an abrupt end.
“I’m still not clear on exactly what happened,” muttered Paul, sulkily rubbing the spot on his wrists where he’d been tied up.
“Ambrose heads up Anita’s fan club. He saw you were coming to New Zealand on holiday, then followed the Instagram posts until he found you. The posts essentially provided a map for finding Anita.”
“My bad,” Marigold said. “I’m in charge of Anita’s Instagram. I guess I know for next time not to post so many location giveaways.”
“Next time?” Anita’s face lit up. “You think this will happen again?”
“Who is this Ambrose chap anyway?” Paul continued.
“He’s been a huge fan of Anita’s since he saw her first movie—Women Among Kings, a historical ‘masterpiece’,” Sophie said, having gleaned this information while they waited for the police to arrive. Ambrose hadn’t put up a fight. He’d sat in the chair next to Anita and gazed adoringly at her.
“But Anita was never really in danger, right?” Marigold said.
“Sophie? Your professional assessment?” Paige said.
“His grasp on reality is a little loose, I’d say. But he never wanted to harm Anita.”
“Why did he tie us up, then?” Paul said, making a show of rubbing his wrists once again.
“She never said you weren’t in danger,” Paige replied.
“Oh.” Paul’s eyes widened.
“He believed Anita didn’t want to be with you. He thought he was rescuing her,” Sophie explained. “So, yeah, things could have taken a turn for the worse.”
Anita tossed her head, as if she didn’t believe it. “Well everything worked out fine.” Paul shot her a look. “What are you looking so annoyed about. You’ve got some apologising to do yourself, mister,” Anita said sternly.
“Oh.” He immediately looked shamefaced. “Yes, I don’t know how to… I’m sorry, I, uh—”
“I found photos of your feet on his phone,” Anita said to Sophie. “He has quite the fetish, and it’s mostly harmless, but that’s still—”
“Totally intrusive,” Paige finished. “Ew, Paul. Not cool. Tell me. That night we caught you at the bach, you were actually—”
“I saw her shoes outside on the deck and I, I… wanted a memento.”
“Yikes,” Sophie muttered, pulling up her feet so they were out of sight.
“Listen, while we’re all here and being friendly again,” Paige said. “We’ve got a few things to clear up. First, someone did take your car the other night.”
Paige told them about Lucas and how he’d been staying in the bach to avoid telling his father he’d been kicked out of uni. As it turned out, Lucas was responsible for the random cigarette butts, the muddy footprints, and the chip packet. He liked to “have a smoke and a think and a walk-a-bout” late at night, apparently.
“So this Lucas chap took our car, but it was Ambrose’s face in the window that Anita saw, and he was the one who dropped the knife on the floor,” Paul clarified. “Why did he do that, by the way?”
“He was confused,” Sophie offered. “From what he said while we were waiting for the police to arrive, he seemed to think Anita was in danger and he had to rescue her. He managed to get inside the house, but when he saw everyone in here, he abandoned his mission and ran away.”
“And it was Ambrose who hit Richard over the head,” Paige added cheerfully.
“Richard? Who the dickens is Richard?” Paul asked.
“He owns the bach we’re staying in. It was another misguided attempt by Ambrose to ‘save’ Anita. He’d been loitering around waiting and watching and when he saw Richard coming over to this bach, he pounced.”
“That rascal,” Anita said indulgently. “Causing such a fuss. Over little ol’ me.” She batted her eyelashes. “Over nothing. I’m completely safe. Couldn’t be better.”
“Really?” Paige said doubtfully, eyeing Anita. “Because we’ve noticed your symptoms.”
The smile dropped off Anita’s face. “My symptoms?”
“It would be good to review your medication with your doctor,” Sophie said gently.
“At the very least adjust the dosage of whatever you’re taking,” Paige added.
Suddenly, Marigold burst into tears.
“Good heavens, whatever is wrong?” Paul said, going to sit beside her.
“That’s my fault.” Marigold looked down. “Mom, I’m sorry. But you’d basically become dependent on Ambien. I had to do something.”
“What?” Anita hissed.
Marigold tearfully explained the reason for Anita’s recent erratic behaviour. After noticing Anita’s increasing reliance on Ambien and its negative effect on her life and her career, she’d made the bold decision to try to wean her off and had switched her Ambien pills for sugar pills. But, as Marigold confessed, this wasn’t purely out of daughterly concern. Marigold needed Anita to be back in the game so she could open doors for her own directing career.
“So, some of those symptoms, at least, were withdrawal from Ambien,” Sophie said.
“If you were wondering,” Paige added, frowning at Anita who’d clearly stopped listening. Instead, she stared at her buzzing phone.
“It’s my agent,” she said excitedly, answering the call. “Yes, darling, it’s all true. An abduction. An obsessed fan. I know, I know. Of course I can do an interview.” She trilled happily, walking through to the other room to talk.
Sophie and Paige exchanged looks. “It would be good to get home before midnight,” Sophie said. “And I think we’re done here.”
Both Marigold and Paul were looking off into the distance, lost in thought.
“It seems so,” Paige said. “Okay, bye.” She started towards the door.
“Nice to meet you. Safe travels,” Sophie added, feeling a little awkward about this abrupt departure after a rather dramatic end to their time together.
“Yes, bye then,” Marigold said distractedly. “Thanks for figuring things out and coming back.”
“You’re welcome,” Paige replied with a big smile. “Just gotta work the clues,” she added under her breath as they exited the house.
“Pardon?” Sophie said.
“Nothing. Just something Dad and I…” Paige smiled, then suddenly stopped in her tracks. “I have an idea.”
“For what?” Sophie frowned.
“The future.”
“The future of…?”
“Us.”
Sophie let out an exasperated noise. “Paige.”
“I need to figure it out in my own head, first.” Paige clasped her hands together. “OMG it could be so cool. And you and me make an awesome team. Because nobody notices me and everyone notices you. And our skills! We’ll be perfect.”
“Perfect for what?”
“I told you, I have to figure it out first.”
Sophie cast wary eyes at her best friend. “And how long is that going to take?”
“You’ll see.”
Six months later, S & S Investigations opened its doors.
***
Acknowledgements
A huge thank you to my readers and those who provided feedback. Lisa, Julie, Tannis, and Barbara. Your input is invaluable.
Dear Reader
I hope you enjoyed this prequel novella. If you did and this is your first taste of the series, you’ll be pleased to know there are already a bunch more to enjoy. S & S Investigations is a light and funny character-based contemporary mystery series following psychology graduates Paige and Sophie as they try to make a success of their new detective agency in Auckland, New Zealand. Two classic mysteries in every book along with a host of entertaining secondary characters and a whole lot of life complications!
Featuring classic tropes such as:
Missing girls (and other precious things)
Gaslighting
Long-lost sisters
A murder at a high school reunion
A locked room mystery
Amnesiac clients
Sudden deaths and mysterious beneficiaries
Will-they-wont-they romantic storyline along with modern-life dating dilemmas
Villains working behind the scenes intent on sabotage!
And more!
For lovers of people and puzzles.
Get the first in S & S Investigations: Squirrel & Swan Precious Things.

If you haven’t already, sign up to the mailing list here.
Members of the mailing list will also receive alerts about sales, access to new releases first, and ‘behind the scenes’ information not available anywhere else.

Other Titles
A Fun New Mystery Series: Gemma Cross
The Body In My Building
Recently retired cat burglar Gemma Cross is trying to start fresh and build a new life, but when she finds a dead body in her brand-new apartment building, she suspects this might be harder than she thought. Because not only is her building now swarming with cops, but she recognizes both of the detectives leading the investigation. DS Nico Davis, nearly busted her at her last gig, and she hooked up with DS Jared Jackson just last night! So much for a low-key life. As Gemma gets to know her neighbors a little better, she discovers she’s not the only one with secrets. And as she becomes entangled in the investigation, she realizes she’s going to have to find out whodunit herself, before DS Davis takes her down for this murder, a crime she didn’t do.
“Fast-paced and fun”
The Gemma Cross Sleuth Series #1

Don't miss out on this sassy new series that fans of Finlay Donovan Is Killing It and Janet Evanovich's Stephanie Plum series will love. Humorous and fun, with sleuthing and romance and a murder mystery! Gemma will be your new favorite amateur sleuth. Join Gemma on the first of her adventures, today.
"I couldn't put it down... I didn't want to."
Order the first in this hilarious new series.
(Note, this book was previously titled: Gemma Cross Day One. The content has been tweaked but the plot remains the same. If you read the older version, you’ll be able to pick up the re-branded series with the second book – due end of 2022. (sign up to the mailing list to stay in the loop).
Murder Mystery & Psychological Suspense

THE UNRAVEL
A young woman with alter egos.
A detective with something to prove.
A crime that entangles their lives.
And a murderer that could kill them both.
The unravel is inevitable.
“Packed with twists and tension.”

Some mature themes. Suitable for 14+



A Small-Town Murder Mystery
THE DROWNING by Margot D’Archer
A lakefront town troubled by lies.
A lost diary with coded secrets.
And a killer with nothing to lose.


Cleo Williams, in Silver Bay to escape her messy life, gets more than she bargained for when she finds Chrissy Stieversen’s diary: the girl who’d washed up on the lakefront only days before.
When she takes the diary to Chrissy’s brother, he makes her an offer she can’t refuse. And as she deciphers the diary’s coded secrets, she becomes entangled in the town’s drama and dysfunction.
And another body is found.
Is there a serial killer in this supposedly sleepy town?
And could Cleo herself be in danger?
“Immersive atmosphere… believable, fleshed-out characters.”
A multi-POV story that will keep you guessing.


Mystery Thriller / Supernatural Noir
A demon bite.
A horny-for-violence-alter ego.
And a plan.
Only the bad ones.
---
Veronica Venom and the Demon Afflicted series.


Don’t miss out on this hot new series by Margot Dylan.



