STAR FALL

Book 1
of

THE
PLANET
PERFECTERS

By
Daniel W. Shegrud
STAR FALL

Book 1
of

THE
PLANET
PERFECTERS

ISBN
#9781005894672

Copyright 2016
Daniel W. Shegrud
All rights reserved
TABLE of CONTENTS

A Short Explanation of the Copyright
Dedication
Chapter 1, Day 1, Sunday
Chapter 2, Day 2, Monday
Chapter 3, Day 3, Tuesday, Part 1
Chapter 4, Day 3, Tuesday, Part 2
Chapter 5, Day 4, Wednesday, Part 1
Chapter 6, Day 4, Wednesday, Part 2
Chapter 7, Day 4, Wednesday, Part 3
Chapter 8, Day 4, Wednesday, Part 4
Chapter 9, Day 4, Wednesday, Part 5
Chapter 10, Day 8, Sunday, Part 1
Chapter 11, Day 5-8, Thursday-Sunday, Part 1
Chapter 12, Day 5-8, Thursday-Sunday, Part 2
Chapter 13, Day 8, Sunday, Part 2
Chapter 14, Day 8, Sunday, Part 3
Chapter 15, Day 8, Sunday, Part 4
Chapter 16, Day 8, Sunday, Part 5
Chapter 17, Day 8, Sunday, Part 6
Chapter 18, Day 8, Sunday, Part 7
Introducing Daniel
Other Books by Daniel
Contacting Daniel
A SHORT
EXPLANATION
of the
COPYRIGHT

This copy of The Planet Perfecters is for you and you only, which means you can’t copy, republish, tweet, email, resell or in any other way distribute this book or any portion of this book without the express written permission from the author (that would be me).
To be a bit more accurate, you are certainly capable of doing all those things without the express written permission from the author (me again) because you are a highly intelligent and capable individual as evidenced by the fact that you bought this book. However, unless you are doing any of those things for the sake of higher academia or to convince someone else to buy the book, to do so would be a no-no.
It would also be tacky and kind of rude.
If you end up loving this book and can’t live another day without sharing it with your buddies, then buy each of them a copy instead of passing this one around. Better yet, have them buy their own. They all have jobs, right?
Also, if you borrowed or stole this book from a friend, for crying out loud, don’t be so cheap. Go buy your own.
Should you choose to violate this copyright with little regard for my wishes or feelings, I would at least expect you to buy me a pizza. Call it penance. And not a wimpy pizza either. I'm talking about one with all the veggies and meats, including jalapenos and anchovies.
Thank you for respecting the insane number of years it took me to write this book.
THE
PLANET
PERFECTERS
is dedicated to all
The common heroes
of this great nation who
possess the courage
and the will to stand
against the tyranny of a
government that wants to
"take care of us"
CHAPTER 1
Day 1
Sunday

Scene 1
It was a bright and beautiful Sunday morning with butterflies flittering and fluttering through the creamy caress of light sifting down through the piney boughs at the edge of the velvety meadow.
Or at least it would have been a bright and beautiful Sunday morning with butterflies flittering and fluttering through the creamy caress of light sifting down through the piney boughs at the edge of the velvety meadow if, indeed, it had been morning, which it was not, and if the sun had actually been shining, which it also was not, and if there had been a single piney bough in evidence, which again there was not.
Though it was, in all actuality, Sunday, it was a little after four in the afternoon, the sky was slug belly grey, and a soggy drizzle filtered down through a screen of midday mist. Though the occasional fly made its presence known from time to time, no butterflies flittered or fluttered through the light in the meadow because no meadow existed in the dingy back alley of the tiny industrial district where this delusion occurred.
To the bedraggled flop of humanity snoozing under packing blankets and plastic tarps on top of a soiled mattress which lay smack dab flat on the floor of a ramshackle old tool shed without benefit of box spring or frame, this mattered not a whit because a little after four in the afternoon was the closest thing to morning he had seen in many a long and groggy year.
The sad little shack with its sad little occupant sat just off to the side of a small court yard about half way down the alley behind an abandoned warehouse in the scenic mountain hamlet of Mule Elk.
Serving as a gateway between the east and west parts of the state, and looking to the logging industry and tourism for its sustenance, Mule Elk sat nestled in forested foothills bordered by lofty alpine peaks, and played host to single folks, families, retirees, and pretty much anyone else who wanted to live up close and personal with nature.
All through the year, Mule Elk invited travelers to sample its scenic beauty. Every spring, young lovers and the young at heart drove up for romantic getaways. Summer brought the fit and agile to trek up, over and around its surrounding tors. Come autumn, when the weather cooled somewhat, the older folks flocked in to view the breath-taking foliage. In the winter, skiers filled up the motels, jammed the restaurants and crowded the slopes. Year around, creative types from all over the world traveled there to capture it in oil, watercolor, tempura, chalk, ink, pencil, clay, charcoal, film, gelatin, finger paint, food coloring and any other medium that raged in the trendy pop-culture bastions of the moment.
Through every seasonal invasion, and despite the chaotic clash of cultures that unsettled more than a few of the long-term residents, Mule Elk remained a warm and welcoming place. To prove it, the town even claimed its own homeless drunk.

Scene 2
Years earlier, the shed in which the drunk slept housed bags of fertilizer, that substance so beneficial to the prosperity of yards and gardens, and yet so offensive to the sensibilities of esophaguses and sinuses. Devoid of its fertilizer bags and their accompanying stench, as well as a door and most of its windows, the only smelly thing housed by the shed was the societal dreg who called it home.
The societal dreg in question lay staring up at the ceiling, contemplating the pressing necessity of post-slumber drainage. At least he would have been staring up at the ceiling contemplating post-slumber drainage if there had indeed been a ceiling, which again there wasn’t. He was sure that one had existed… probably… but that had been long before he shambled down the back-alley and found this doorless, roofless, tenantless one-room manor. It still had ceiling rafters here and there, tied loosely together by the occasional warped plank, but work had not yet re-progressed to the point of re-covering them with much of anything.
The re-roofing of one’s home is a serious endeavor and, to the drunk’s way of thinking, a task not to be accomplished in a cavalier manner. One does not simply snatch up the first available roof one finds discarded on the side of the road and slap it into place atop one’s well-weathered rafters with a fine fare-thee-well and a saucy dusting of the Wells-Lamonts. No, the materials must be just right and their installation precise. Anything less would be unbefitting a home of such grandeur. Too, the materials must be cost effective and readily accessible, so the work was, of necessity, done quite slowly.
He had once found a few proper roofing materials piled on the perimeter of a construction site just down the road. Coincidentally, at the precise moment of discovery he had also found, cowering beneath his personal ennui, a dash of inclination lying next to a smidgen of energy, both of which he had carelessly overlooked in his last self-purging. That tri-fold bit of serendipity had resulted in an unusual gust of initiative, allowing him to secure a couple sheets of plywood, lug them home, and heft them up and over one corner of the rafters. The plywood sheets were old, warped and stained, but they had been squarely within his price range, and they had multiple nails sticking out of them, which solved that problem as well. The tool he used to drive the nails, thereby affixing the plywood sheets to the rafters, was a large rock found beside a freshly dredged culvert. The drunk wasn’t a thief by nature, but no one had ever come asking for the boards and the rock, so he felt justified in claiming them.
Once installed, the plywood kept the floor directly underneath reasonably dry whenever the rain fell without aid of contrary wind. Mule Elk is a windy place, and quite often the wind took pleasure in its contrariness. On rare occasion, however, the rain adapted an agreeable attitude and fell straight down, affording the affixed plywood sheets the honor of protecting that half of the mattress directly under them.
The discerning observer may well have opined that the mattress would be drier were it placed completely under the plywood where it would have enjoyed slightly better protection. Certainly, such a move would have seemed logical to even the dimmest bulb. As it happens, the dim bulb on the mattress was of the same opinion, and not a rainy or snowy morning went by that he did not regret not moving the mattress when the beguiling spirit of labor had been upon him. He often thought about moving it, but the act of putting up the plywood had so depleted his reserves that he was not mentally or morally capable of undertaking such a daunting chore. It was just too much to expect of one man; he could only reach so far; he could only give so much; he was only human. So, day after drizzly day, the mattress stayed where it was in testament to and condemnation of the human sponge that slept upon it.
Being human, he was, as noted earlier, seriously contemplating a PSD (the aforementioned post-slumber drainage). It was the whole drainage-need thing that had awakened him in the first place. He considered, with some annoyance, the niggling for a PSD as his personal alarm. He would have preferred a cute little clock in the shape of a gnome with a digital read out, six AM and twelve FM programmable radio stations, a nine-minute snooze and fade-in/fade-out capabilities, but that would have required electricity and, goodness-for-hopscotch-certain, his home was a long ways away from that foolish extravagance. No, the PSD urge was more than sufficient for his needs and, being a man of high and refined qualities, most days he responded to its call.

Scene 3
About the eighth or tenth or seventeenth time his bladder cramped, he threw off his coverings and rolled to the edge of his mattress. Thrilling at the continuity of movement, he kept rolling until he floomped onto the floor. Fortunately for him, he still had a floor upon which he could floomp.
Unlike the roof, which wasn’t there yet, or there again depending on your perspective, the floor was still in place and showed no sign of getting up and leaving any time soon. This fact, though reassuring on many levels, caused a small degree of disgruntlement to the man, for if the floor had decided to get up and leave out while he was sitting on it, it would have saved him the trouble, at least once, of walking all the way to the window to perform the perfunctory PSD. But there it sat, as fixed and stubborn as a barnacle, giving nothing but support to four walls, a mattress and an old storage crate, which served quadruple duty as closet, chair, table and personal valet.
He would not have blamed the floor if it had taken off, for the charitable act of holding his sop-saddened carcass year after sullen year had to be depressing even to a well-mannered tongue-in-groove masterpiece as itself. Yet it did not leave, as the willy-nilly roof had done, for it was a loyal floor, dedicated to the hallowed calling of its genre, and gladly accepted every thoughtless burden set upon it.
Staring once again at the non-existent roof, he found himself grateful for the little bit of reassurance provided by the constancy of the dependable floor.
He could not count on the walls, for they could be blown down by any serious wind that bothered to notice them. He could not count on the roof because it wasn’t even there again yet. He could not count on his mattress because some poor sluggard more pitiful than he could steal it whenever he wasn’t on it – or even while he was on it, for that matter. He could not count on the wine, which he drank to excess as often as he could, because it required money. He could not count on the money because it required finding sufficient bottles and cans to recycle. He could not count on sufficient bottles and cans to recycle because that required him to get out of bed and go look for them. He could not count on himself to get out of bed because…well, just because. The only thing in his life he could truly count on was his floor, upon which he was still floomped.
Gripping the handle on the side of his personal valet, which sat on the trusty floor within arm’s reach of the mattress, he hoisted himself to a reasonable approximation of sitting. This was always a fascinating moment in his day, for while the room spun in languid circles when he lay supine, it whirled at full tilt when he sat up.
Some days, the precarious act of sitting up robbed him of his determination to perform a PSD. When that happened, he simply crawled back into bed and let the natural course of his need warm him from the crotch outward. Most days, however, after sitting up, the whirling slowed to a manageable twirl. Today was one of those days, so he managed to attain his wobbly feet and make his tottering way to the toilet.
At least he would have made his tottering way to the toilet if, indeed, he had a toilet, which he did not. Instead, he had four relatively functional substitutes, referred to by most people as windows, found one in each wall and into and through which he sent an almost daily stream of PSD. He never used the windows for discarding anything of solid substance, for even a man of his station had more sensibilities than that. The solids he dispensed in the alley two blocks down wherein dwelt a few portable outhouses. He showed his windows the utmost consideration by reserving them for his liquid unnecessaries.
Never one to let a hedonistic moment pass unappreciated, the drunk used the manageable twirls to make a game of the whole PSD process. He always selected one of the four windows before rising to his feet. Then he tested himself by trying to reach the sill for which he aimed. Most folks could do it with their eyes closed in less than three seconds, but doing it sober was akin to cheating. Where oh where was the fun and challenge in that? Much more satisfying and exciting it is to embrace the possibility of failure.
This time he did not fail entirely. He made it, eventually, to the window in the east wall, which was nowhere near his aim, then granted freedom to his Dear Tommy and grandly began the blessed process of PSD into the drizzle of the day.
At least he would have grandly begun the blessed process of PSD into the drizzle of the day if the window had been open, which it was not. The very reason he had not originally aimed for the east window was because it contained a full pane of glass. The others were mostly bereft of glass, making a satisfactory PSD out of the west, south or north window a fairly safe bet. To do so out the east window took a lot more effort because it required him to open it first. This seemed very much like physical labor and he could not count on himself to do that with any degree of regularity, so he generally tried to avoid the east wall altogether. Most days he succeeded because, with three functioning portals to choose from, and the doorway as a wild card, he had only a one-in-five chance of hitting the east wall window.
This day being a little more whirly-twirly than the usual, he did not notice that he was standing before the east window until he felt the sock covering his left foot begin the amazing process of absorption. By then it was far too late. Even a sober man of great physical will would find it difficult to stem his flow once it reached fire hose force. Might as well try to dam a river with a toothpick or gather in an aroma once it has diffused or put the feathers back on a chicken once it is plucked or rewrite anything by Hemingway so that it has a discernable point. Futility is futility, no matter the degree of determination. Being a man of far less than impressive will, the only option open to him was to hold on for the duration and try not to get his right sock wet.
He failed at that, too.

Scene 4
Despair is an emotion felt by those who once thought they had a prayer of a chance to succeed at something. First, they set their eyes on a goal, be it inconsequential or of phenomenal significance, then they strive to attain it. Staying hard in the running, persevering past the hurdles and the pit falls and the mud puddles, dodging all determined detractors, kicking dust in the eyes of any who dare to challenge them, they convince themselves that the trophy is just… within… their… reach! They can’t lose; nothing can stop them; invincibility is theirs for the taking.
Then… POW! With their fingertips a spare inch from the finish line, their heaving chests straining forward to break the tape, the cruel hand of doom smashes them down into the dirt. Broken and defeated, they know their prospects have all but evaporated. Before the dust settles and the world rights itself on its floppy axis, despair replaces exultation and all of life becomes pointless.
It is the rare few who, finding themselves immersed in the horrors of despair, eventually reach a poised though somewhat begrudging accord with it and step over its ramparts to struggle on.
Even rarer are those who are, by nature, immune to despair. To those fortunate individuals, such as the man who stood at the east window creating a fantastic array of amber performance art, despair is never an option because no goal loftier than getting out of bed and scoring another bottle of liquid bliss ever enters their minds. To fall from those staggering heights would create an extremely shallow crater indeed. Despair, having its own ragged form of dignity, would never deign to trouble itself for so egregious a payoff.
That being the case, the drunk was hardly fazed when he found himself in possession of two freshly anointed stockings.
Undaunted, he finished his tinkle fest and tucked himself back into modesty’s good graces. Slipping his soggy feet into an old pair of shoes, he stepped into the day, completely unaware of the insanity about to crash down on him, and pronounced a cursory benediction to his latest debacle.
“Pissonit,” he said.
CHAPTER 2
Day 2
Monday

Scene 1
Governor Heade sat in his overstuffed office chair and opened the top left drawer of his oversized desk. An oval mirror in a gold-plated frame popped up to face him and he gazed into with a reverence bordering on awe.
Now that was a great chin! It had oomph, it had moxie, it had charisma, and it was his-all-his. Had ever such a chin graced the hallowed halls of governance in all of history?
Granted, many of history’s greatest leaders had had chins, and some of those chins had even been impressive, but each had suffered from the personal flaws of the politician to which it belonged.
Napoleon’s chin, for instance, was decisive, but it was a tiny thing pasted on a man of disputed stature, so it only inspired obedience at the point of a sword.
Stalin’s chin, though larger than Napoleon’s, was fleshy and possessed a cruel dimension.
George Washington had a fine chin, but his hair was so silly that it rendered his chin almost impotent. George had to resort to eloquence to hold any degree of sway.
And let us not forget Winston Churchill. His chin was so stolid he could have led by it alone, but the silly fellow chose instead to lead with his tongue, and though his words were fine enough, his insufferable accent and doughy lips invited more ridicule than respect.
The point is, God created chins for the express purpose of commanding respect. They were meant to divide dreamers from doers, actors from administrators, pansies from potentates, mice from men, G.I.’s from Joes.
Imagine that G.I. engaged in a pitched battle, standing atop a parapet, his sweat pouring off his war-weary brow, his gun barking in his manly hand, his torn shirt reveling his heaving chest, his rolled up sleeves displaying his muscular arms. Oblivious to the lead flying around him, he scans the torn terrain and signals his defiance to his enemies by pointing at them with his imposing nose…no, wait, his eyebrows…or maybe his tongue…or…well, you get the picture. If it isn’t his chin it would neither rally the troops nor cow the adversary.
The chin that dazzled back from the gilded desk mirror had no detractive facial features. It was not Lilliputian or gargantuan, not fleshy or cruel, not embarrassed by a silly hairstyle or sabotaged by a discordant voice. The eyes, though a brilliant blue, could not outshine it; the nose, though leonine in all the best ways, could not overshadow it; the lips, though gifted in the art of smiling, could not upstage it. The deferential features of the reflected face, each perfect in their own right, came together in symmetry and harmony to serve as staff, faculty, crew and team in support of the authoritative and visionary chin.
It was the chin of chins, destined to be lauded and sculpted throughout the ages as the archetype of chinly perfection, and it was just about the only reason that Montague Tyranius Heade had been elected to lead his state.
Governor Heade – or MT, as his family, friends, enemies, allies, adversaries and anyone else who cared to address him for any purpose whatsoever preferred to call him, admired himself in the mirror. This was a ritual performed punctually every weekday at 8am when he sat at his office desk. Aside from the morning sacrament of shaving, in which he was privileged to gaze at his chin-graced mug for a rousing 10 minutes, he also looked at himself before leaving his office, giving a press conference, hosting a dignitary, speaking at a luncheon or performing any other duty which required his presence. He always started with a full frontal view, then turned side to side, making sure all the other components were in place and complimentary. Once satisfied, he would turn full-frontal one last time and imbue himself with the confidence that only a great chin can impart.
Having completed his morning ritual, MT turned his attention to the duties of his office. First up was the daily briefing.
“Saddleback,” he hollered to his secretary, who sat patiently on the other side of the desk, “Let’s walk.”

Scene 2
MT was a fitness fanatic, a discipline drummed into his head by his father from the moment of his birth. On that significant day, when MT had popped merrily out from between his mother’s legs, the doctor had snatched him up in wonder and pronounced to the eager parents, “Oh my! Oh my!”
“What is it, Doctor?” asked his father. “Is there a problem?”
“Oh…oh no, there’s no problem at all. There’s a chin!”
 “A what?”
“A chin! And what an amazing chin it is!”
“I’m glad it has one of those,” said his father, “but is it a boy or a girl?
“It’s the most wonderful chin I have ever delivered,” said the doctor, “and it has a penis!”
MT’s father stared between his wife’s knees in confusion and horror. “My son’s chin has a penis on it!?!”
“Our son has a what on his chin?” his exhausted mother gasped.
“He said it’s a penis.”
“A penis…?”
“Yes, dear!”
“…on his chin?!”
“That’s what the doctor said!”
“My baby is defective? Why, God? WHY!?!” The poor woman was unable to bear the horror. With a whimper, she swooned.
“Honey? Honey! Oh, no!” His father bounced his focus from between her knees to her face and back again. “First my son is born with a penis on his chin, and then my wife dies! How will I raise him alone? What will I tell everybody when they see him? How will I put on his diaper?”
“No, no, my good man,” the doctor said, “Calm down! Your son’s penis and chin are both in their proper locations. It’s just that your son’s chin is far more attractive than his penis. See?” He stepped away from the business end of the table and brought the naked little newborn to his parents. “And your wife isn’t dead, she’s only fainted.”
Gently slapping the women’s cheek until she revived, he placed the child in his mother’s arms.
MT’s parents were torn between elation and trepidation, gazing at their son in wonder and awe, yet fearful of what they would see if they looked too closely at his face or his crotch. After scanning both locales from every possible angle, they had no choice but to concur with the Doctor’s first assessment.
“You’re absolutely right, Doctor,” his mother squeaked with extreme relief, “his penis is fine, but his chin is glorious.”
“Yes, my dear,” his father agreed, “We shall teach this child to keep his penis hidden and his chin in plain view.”
His father had knocked it into MT’s noggin throughout his childhood that his chin was his ticket to ultimate success in life, but only if he made absolutely, positively, double-bubble sure that the rest of his body neither thwarted nor superseded its rightful position of influence. To that end, his father had trained him to eat only the most beneficial of diets, to wear only the most complimentary of clothes, to sport only the most popular of hairstyles and to exercise with only the most religious of fervors.
Now, at the age of 42, he possessed a chin-directed physique that incited envy among men, inspired fantasy among women, and invited substantial quantities of votes from both sexes. He maintained his trim figure by daily visits to the Capitol gym, twenty laps around the Capital pool three times a week, a full facial massage every other day and the customary walk, rain or shine, around his personal exercise garden during the morning briefing.

Scene 3
“What day is it today, Saddleback?”
“Monday, Governor,” responded his beleaguered aide. “Would you like to carry your Monday stick?”
“Absolutely!” bellowed MT. “Bring me my scepter!”
Saddleback moved to the walking stick cabinet and selected the requested implement. It wasn’t really a scepter, of course, but MT treasured his delusions and pampered them whenever doing so did not interfere with State business or with the state of his chin.
The Monday walking stick was a pleasantly gnarled trunk of vine maple that grew in the surrounding forested hills. It was 5 and a half feet in length, thicker at the top than at the bottom, stripped of its bark and carved with the names of all the blessed little tykes in Mrs. Mires’ first grade class from Skweakumcluk Elementary school.
Mrs. Mires had heard of the Governor’s habit of walking each morning and thought that presenting him with a walking stick would be a great way to get her charges interested in the subject of State affairs. They had searched in the forest behind the school for just the right stick, then, upon finding it, had stripped it of its bark and set it by the classroom windows to dry. When it was sufficiently dried, which took a grueling two weeks of patience from the pint-sized pupils, each child had eagerly burned his or her name with a soldering iron somewhere along its wan length.
Two weeks later, they personally presented it to MT in a carefully scripted ceremony held in the Governor’s office. The kids loved it, the cameras captured it, and the reporters predicted it would result in a significant uptick in the Governor’s approval rating. When the whole circus left his office, MT put the stick in the corner and promptly forgot it.
It was Saddleback who pointed out a few days later that if MT carried the stick on his walk, as the Skweakumcluk pupils had intended, not only would the public appreciate his show of humanity, but he would burn more calories and exercise his forearms at the same time. This had thrilled MT, for though he was a diligent exerciser, he was a closeted laze-about who wished passionately that staying fit didn’t take so much blasted work. If he could burn calories and tone muscles by simply carrying a stupid stick, then that stupid stick would get carried!
It wasn’t long before the paparazzi caught wind of it and soon photos of Governor Heade carrying a walking stick popped up all over the state media. The public had loved it. It was so potentate-ish, so health-ish, so Green Tree State-ish.
When the commending letters poured in, Saddleback found himself beset by requests from teachers all over the State to give the Governor a stick from their class. Saddleback arranged for six of them to meet with MT and directed all others to the State legislature. As everyone who watched television knew, those chubbos needed the exercise.
On the appointed day, the six selected teachers brought their students and their sticks to a huge ceremony on the capital grounds. One class at a time, the children presented the six sticks, each representing one of the State’s plentiful native trees, to Governor Heade with all the proper fanfare due such an event. MT, who detested children and physical contact, accepted each stick and place it in a hermetically sealed, environmentally controlled glass box where they would stay when not in use. Turning back to the kids, he shook hands with each one, recoiling on the inside but smiling on the outside because each hand shaken was vote for himself come election time.
When asked at the press conference if he would use all the sticks, he broke from tradition and followed saddleback’s advice when he answered. He explained that since the vine maple stick had been first, it would be the Monday stick. Each stick was then assigned a day, based on the order of acceptance: Tuesday’s stick was western hemlock; Wednesday’s was yew; Thursday’s was Douglas fir; Friday’s was apple; Saturday’s was lodgepole pine; and Sunday’s was dogwood.
Sometimes MT took the hemlock stick on Monday because it carried historically suicidal connotations and Mondays could be so dreary. If the State Apple Growers were visiting, he would grab the apple tree stick, no matter what day of the week it was, unless, of course the growers were being politically obnoxious, in which case he would spitefully carry a cherry tree stick, which he had had made during a particularly nasty pique of temper. Other than that, misinformation notwithstanding, he adhered to the schedule.
With his Monday walking stick firmly in hand, and Saddleback following at his heels, MT strode purposefully through the back doors of his office into his private exercise garden.
MT had ordered the four acre exercise garden installed immediately upon his ascension to his office and he had been exacting in his specifications. The track was to be one mile in length, beginning five paces from his office threshold, and be three feet wide so that with the swinging of his arms, no one could walk beside him. The architects were free to design it with as many zigzags, and curves as were necessary to make it come out the correct length, but at no time was the track to connect with or cross itself.
There were eight exercise stations positioned evenly along the course with the first, the stretching station, placed immediately adjacent to the starting/ending line.
The bushes, shrubs, trees and plants he left to the landscapist’s tastes, but they were to be two feet from the edge of the path on each side with the extra two feet bordering the path on either side being filled with Kentucky bluegrass.
Why Kentucky bluegrass? Why not Red fescue or perennial ryegrass, some variety of zoysia or some hearty Buffalo grass? Because Kentucky bluegrass was the only grass MT knew by name. When he pronounced it with such exaggerated solemnity, everyone who knew no better assumed he had a horticultural clue. Fortunately, being clueless about grass did not prevent his borders from being lush and beautiful.
“Saddleback!” MT roared, starting out at his customarily brisk pace. “Bring me up to speed!”
Saddleback, following behind MT, began to read the daily briefing. “Item one is the upcoming Governor’s conference. It’s being held one month from today and you’re hosting it in your brand new Heade Conference Center. All arrangements have been made and I will have your agenda and your impromptu greetings on your desk the day before.”
“Make it two days before; I like to memorize my impromptus.”
“Yes sir.”
Item two concerned the state budget, item three the ongoing irrigation battles on the east side of the mountains and so on until he had covered all thirty-four items on the list, along with two solid miles on the track.

Scene 4
“Is that it, then,” MT asked?
“Yes sir,” Saddleback wheezed. “I mean, no sir. I mean, that’s all that was in the briefing, but there is one more thing. It’s not written on the list and it’s probably not very important, but I thought you might find some way to make political hay out of it.”
“And that would be…?”
Saddleback took a deep breath and explained. “My friend’s dad is a professor at the State U and he has a retired professor friend with a large telescope named Lowgoss who lives up in the mountains in the town of Mule Elk.”
“His friend has a telescope named Lowgoss?”
“No sir. The professor’s name is Lowgoss.”
“I see. Then what does he call his telescope?”
“I…I have no idea. Anyhow, Professor Lowgoss was looking through his telescope, the name of which is currently undetermined…”
MT raised his eyebrows in annoyance and Saddleback hurried on.
“…two nights ago and he saw what appeared to be an unknown comet heading toward Earth.”
“Heading toward Earth? THAT’S not very important?”
MT was horrified. Scenes of death and destruction flashed across his mind. Towns could be demolished, crops could be decimated, livelihoods could be devastated and, worst of all, voter numbers could be diminished. He could picture any hope of re-election shattering like space-flung ice on the ground.
“Are you out of your ever loving mind? That could be a disaster! I need to notify the army! I need to call the President! I need to hold a press conference!”
“No, really sir, you don’t. According to my friend, Professor Lowgoss said it wouldn’t actually hit the Earth. It won’t even get close enough to our solar system to be seen clearly by the naked eye.”
“Oh, I see. Well, that’s much better.” MT’s world stabilized again and all his fancies of doom and gloom turned tail and scampered into the underbrush of his mind. Relief, combined with lingering endorphins from the very recent exercise walk, made him feel suddenly giddy. “I’m happy for Professor Whosit, but what does this have to do with me and how am I supposed to make political hay out of it? Hmm?”
“It’s customary that the one who discovers a comet gets to name it,” Saddleback explained.
“Yes, so?
“So…Professor Lowgoss is going to name it after himself.”
“I got that far all by myself, Saddleback. Where do I come in?”
“Professor Lowgoss will be releasing the news of his discovery at a cosmology conference next week at the U.”
“He’s going to tell a bunch of sissified hairdressers that he found a comet? Why the devil would he do that?”
“No sir. Not cosmetology – cosmology, the study of the universe.”
“Use smaller words, Saddleback. I’m a busy Governor and I don’t have time to decipher everything you say. Now please continue, and for pities sake get to the hay part!”
“Of course, sir. As I was saying, he will be announcing his discovery at the cosmology conference.”
“And…?”
“His announcement will make national headlines.”
“And…? And…?” MT said, twirling his fingers in brusque encouragement.
“…and, since he is from this State, making you his Governor, if you were there beside him when he made his announcement, you would also make national headlines. National recognition would come in very handy when you launch your campaign for the Presidency.”
“Ah,” MT gasped, a faint gleam of comprehension showing in his witless eyes. “Oh! Ooohh!! Aaahhh!!! Brilliant! Absolutely ingenius! Saddleback, I want him making that announcement with me during my weekly press conference on Wednesday.”
He pointed a finger in Saddleback’s face. “Uh-uh-uh. I see that objection coming. You were about to say that he won’t want to spoil the surprise with all those hairstylists. Well la-de-da. What do they know about the universe anyway, all those poofy young men in their tight silk pants? You just get him here – tomorrow! – and you make him want to. Handle it, Saddleback. Now if you’ll excuse me, I must get to my mirror.”
CHAPTER 3
Day 3
Tuesday, Part 1

Scene 1
It was a perfect morning for sitting on the sun-drenched terrace of an old world café enjoying a buxom duet of Eggs Benedict tucked under a blanket of hand-whisked hollandaise and accompanied by a luscious fold of nectarine and Neufchatel crepes - while sipping on a sparkling chalice of mimosa, of course! And such would be the repast of Professor Peter Lowgoss if only the diner served such fare, if only it was in the old world, if only it had a terrace and if only the sun was shining, but the self-indulgent game of ‘if only’ could not change the reality of the drizzly Tuesday outside, the padded bench seat inside, the worn linoleum table in front of him, or the common fare on top of it.
Sigh!
“Best to get a grip, old boy,” Professor Lowgoss mused to himself. “It’s what you do with what you’ve got that counts in life. And I’ve got, let’s see…” he surveyed his plate, “two eggs over easy, corned beef hash, tomato juice and whole wheat toast with real butter. Oh, and homemade strawberry jam! A feast! Thank the good Lord.”
Having completed his morning attitude adjustment and feeling content again, he dug in.
It wasn’t hard for Peter to be content. Life was good and, truthfully, it always had been. The only child of doting parents, he had been born and raised on a small family dairy farm where he had learned to appreciate the benefits of hard work and to respect the mysteries of life, of nature and of God. An excellent student, he had breezed through his first twelve years of school and, upon graduating, had left farm life behind and entered the world of academia, eventually becoming a professor of Astronomy and spending his entire career in the State University system.
Somewhere in the middle of all his scholarship, Peter had met, fallen for, and wed a wonderful gal who had gifted him with thirty happy years. The only real disappointment Peter and his bride experienced was that they were never able to conceive children, but they dealt with that by embracing Peter’s students as their progeny, and through the years, the students filled their hearts and their home with the energy and excitement of the young and idealistic.
Professor Lowgoss and his bride had discovered Mule Elk early in their marriage, had fallen in love with its charm, its people and its star-emblazoned night skies, and ended up spending most of their vacations in some rented cabin or other wooing under those stars and, between woos, studying those skies through Peter’s favorite telescope. Often, they had dreamed aloud of buying their own little house in Mule Elk and making it their permanent home. She died before that dream became a reality, but when retirement eventually culled him out of the scholarly pack, he dutifully bundled up his memories and moved with them, and his telescope, into a quaint bungalow in the middle of town.
Though he now lived alone, he rarely felt lonely. Whether engaged in community events, attending church services, or sitting on a main street bench watching life unfold around him, she lingered in his mind and heart. Yet, on those rare occasions when loneliness paid a social call, he was grateful for the familiar things that allowed him to refocus his attitude, such as the diner in which he now sat and in which he ate breakfast nearly every morning.

Scene 2
“More coffee, Professor?”
Krystal Murdock, the diner’s chef, waitress and owner, stood over him with the ever-present coffee pot in hand.
A pleasantly plump, middle-aged woman who had lived within five miles of Mule Elk her entire life, with one minor exception, Krystal began waiting tables at the Mule Elk Café right out of high school. A year later, at the ripe old age of nineteen, she got it into her head that life was bigger than a dinky diner in a Podunk town, so she ran off to the big city to find her real life. It didn’t take long, stalled in the quagmire of urban traffic, to conclude that serving scrambled eggs and coffee to a bunch of folks who smelled of wood smoke and farm critters was sophistication enough for any sane soul. She quickly ran home, re-donned her apron at the Mule Elk Café, married the handsome Owen Lee Murdock and set to slinging hash and procreating with enthusiasm.
Now, her five grown kids, married and procreating their own broods with equal zeal, and her husband dead of a timber accident almost a decade ago, she owned and operated the little café, which she had renamed, not too surprisingly, Krystal’s.
Decorated in a backwoods motif with a cow bell atop the door, calico half-drapes across each of the windows, knotty-log beams above and rough-hewn lumber floors below, Krystal’s was appropriate to its locale and served breakfast and lunch to a steady and steadfast clientele of old-timers and regulars, Monday through Saturday.
Most often, Krystal worked the diner alone, for four basic reasons.
The first: she didn’t much care for managing employees.
The second: Mule Elk was a small town, with only three traffic lights on one main drag. South Mule Elk, just across the river, was even smaller and the total population at large was less than 5,000.
The third: hers was not the only diner in town.
The fourth: Krystal’s had only three booths along the front window, six stools at the counter and four tables on the main floor, and even at its busiest Krystal’s barely sat 34 – and Krystal’s was never at its busiest. This meant business in the café, though regular, was sparse and she was plenty capable of handling the normal load. On the rare occasion when she was not, she called on her ever-willing, if not ever-eager, kids and older grandkids for help.
“More of your coffee would be ideal.” Peter smiled at her and held up his cup.
“How was your breakfast, Hon?” Krystal asked as she poured. She normally did not ask her customers such silly questions. She knew her food was good – if it wasn’t, they wouldn’t order it and she wouldn’t serve it – but since the professor was her only customer at the moment, and her most regular one at that, she felt a pleasantry or two would be in order. Besides, he was a decent looking fellow, not much older than herself, and they were both quite eligible. A little flirting couldn’t possibly hurt.
“My dear woman,” he said, pinning her with a feigned professorial gaze, “in all the years I’ve been coming here, has your cooking ever left me unsatisfied? I think not.”
“Oh you…” She slapped playfully at his hand with her order pad. “Would you like another scoop of hash?”
“Mrs. Murdock!” he gasped, “are you trying to fatten me, for some nefarious reason?”
“I don’t know what nefarious means, but you look skinny to me,” she said.
“I am indeed, and for my heart’s sake, I had better stay that way. No, thank you, but you are a dear for asking.”
Krystal suddenly looked up and stared through the front plate glass window.
“Goodness, he’s up early,” she said.
Lowgoss looked out the window in time to see the local wine sot stumble over, stagger by and reel around the diner’s A-frame sign board. This was not exactly a notable sight since the old drunk, a long-time staple of the Mule Elk community, typically stumbled over, staggered by and reeled around almost everything on the sidewalk, be it fire hydrants, doggie piles or people bent over tying their shoes. If it lay in his way and his energy levels forbade swerving, it was all fair game.
Sometimes, after stumbling, staggering, and reeling, the drunk would proceed as though nothing had happened. Other times, he would stop and attempt to converse with the offending blockage. It was not uncommon for him to be heard asking a signpost exactly why it had the gall to stand in his path. Didn’t it know better than to impede the progress of a respectable citizen? How dare it!
Mind you, he had not been a respectable citizen in many years, but that didn’t matter. It was the principal of the thing, and since he had no discernable principles, every harangue against whatever blocked his path was, therefore, thoroughly justified.
“I don’t think he’s up early at all,” said the professor. “I do believe he’s just now making his way home.”
An unsettling picture of the drunk’s ‘home’ flashed across Peter’s mind and a sudden wave of compassion crested over his heart. Peter leapt to his feet, whirled around and yanked open the diner’s door.
“Do you know his name?” he asked over his shoulder.
Krystal shook her head no. She had known the drunk for years, had even fed him on occasion, but had never asked or wanted to know his name.
“Well then, start scrambling something, if you would, please. I’ll be right back.”
Krystal arched one eyebrow in annoyance, but strode to the stove, fired up a burner, put a pan on it and started cracking eggs. Though she really didn’t want the drunk messing up her clean diner, she knew that what the professor was doing was right and proper. That filthy tangle of rags was human, by golly, and humans have to eat.
Professor Lowgoss, being of much the same opinion, hustled outside and hurried to catch up with the drunk, who was making surprisingly good time considering his condition.

Scene 3
“Hello! Sir! I say, hello there!” Lowgoss easily avoided the obstacles over which the drunk had stumbled and quickly caught up to his target. Laying a hand on the man’s arm, he said “forgive me for intruding, but…”
The old sot turned with an unsteady jerk, glared at the Professor with a mixture of fear and suspicion and pulled his arm away.
“Whaddayawant, whaddayawant?” His words came out in a mumbled blare, with every phrase spoken as a single word.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you,” Lowgoss said, “but I saw you go past the café and I wondered if you would allow me to buy you breakfast?”
“Buymebrehfus? Why? Whaddayawant?”
“I want nothing. I…I just hate to, um, eat alone. Please, won’t you join me?” Lowgoss motioned toward the café.
“Iain’tgotnomoney”
“I do,” Lowgoss assured. “Plenty for the both of us.”
“Iain’tnocharitycase!”
“No, no, of course not – this isn’t charity; it’s…it’s selfishness on my part. I’d be glad for your company. Joining me for breakfast would be a…a favor – from you to me.”
“Well,” the drunk considered, raising a lecturing finger, “asafavortoyou, I’lldoit, butIain’tnocharitycase!”
“Excellent! Come with me.” Lowgoss stepped forward and took the drunk by the arm again, and this time the drunk allowed the touch. Arm in arm, they walked in a careful totter back to the café, with Lowgoss doing most of the walking and the drunk doing most of the tottering.
“Krystal,” Lowgoss called out as he re-entered the diner with his charity project in tow, “this good man has agreed to join me for breakfast. A couple of menus, if you please.”
Krystal looked at Peter, confused. “But professor, you al...”
“You’re right,” he interrupted quickly. “You’re right. I always order the same thing, but I’d like to see a menu this morning.”
Peter steered his new friend to his favorite booth and saw, with relief, that Krystal had already cleared his dishes. “We’ll sit here,” he announced and sat in his usual seat. The drunk sat across from him.
“Would you like some coffee?” Lowgoss asked.
“’kay,” said the drunk.
“Krystal, be a dear and bring us two coffees, would you?” he called.
Krystal brought the menus and cooed, “Professor, be a dear yourself and come get the coffees, okay sweetie?” She turned and went back to her grill.
“I’ll be right back,” Lowgoss said to his table mate. “Go ahead and pick what you want.” The drunk blinked at him and at the menu, but otherwise didn’t move.
Lowgoss crossed to the counter and reached for the two full mugs of coffee Krystal had just poured. Before he could pick them up, Krystal motioned for him to lean close. “That man is RIPE,” She whispered. “I could have a customer come through my door at any moment and he doesn’t exactly whet an appetite. You get my drift?”
“I do indeed,” he whispered back. “But you just cook with your usual brilliance and nobody will ever notice us in the front booth.”
Coffee mugs in hand, Peter turned and rejoined the drunk at the table. As soon as the first mug was set down it was snatched up for a noisy slurp, scalded tongue and palate be devilled.
A few moments later, Krystal came to the table. Taking her order pad out of her apron, she asked, “What would you gentlemen like?”
“I’ll take the oatmeal and whole wheat toast with peach preserves,” Lowgoss began. “And what appeals to you, my friend?”
“Idunno. Beer.”
Krystal eyed the professor. “Uh, we don’t serve beer this time of morning,” she said.
“Wine.”
“Don’t serve that either.”
“Whiskey.”
“Nope.”
“Pissonitthen,” said the drunk. “Food.”
“And food it shall be,” said the professor. “Just bring him a proper breakfast, my good woman, and maybe a bit more coffee, thank you.”
Krystal returned to the grill and Lowgoss leaned toward the drunk.
“By the way, my name is Peter. What’s your name?”
“Profeshor.”
“I beg pardon.”
“Shecalledya‘Profeshor’.”
“Yes, I used to be a professor of astronomy, but I’m retired now. What’s your name,” he asked again?
“Idunno,” the drunk grunted. “What’syours.”
“Peter,” Peter patiently repeated.
“Yourlastname,” the drunk said with a slight twinge of annoyance.
“Oh, yes,” Peter said. “Lowgoss. Professor Peter Lowgoss.”
“Lowgoss? LikeinthedivinelymanifestedwordofGod?”
“Uh, no, it’s…it’s spelled differently,” Peter said. “How did you know that?”
“Idunno,” said the drunk. He slurped his last sip of coffee, slammed his mug down on the table and picked at his yellowed stumps (Gracious, were those teeth?) with a finger in need of a good soaking and a manicure.
Somewhere under all that detestability, the professor mused, must lay some degree of respectability and intellect. Lowgoss knew from personal experience that dairymen were covered with cow pucky from sun up to sun down and yet they were all as smart as the dickens. They had to be in order to make a living in that depressed era. His own father would often shovel out the holding pen while doing complicated mathematics to increase milk production. Pucky could mess up a handsome exterior and ruin a perfectly fine suit of clothes, but could not, for all its disgusting attributes, taint or mar the innate intelligence of a brilliant man.
Krystal interrupted the silence by placing two platters on the table.
The professor’s held a steaming bowl of oatmeal with a dish of raisins to one side, a dish of brown sugar to the other and a cruet of milk to the top. His whole wheat toast was perfectly browned, as it always was, and heaped with Krystal's popular homemade peach preserves.
The drunk’s overflowed with Krystal's specialty, listed simply on the menu as ‘The Krystal.’
The Krystal was the heartiest breakfast dish served within a hundred miles in any direction, and two hundred in a couple. Its base was four eggs scrambled with heavy cream and ham chunks, then covered, in this order, with sautéed onions, bell peppers, mushrooms, a slab of hash browns, a flood of sausage gravy, a mountain of grated cheese and a cloud of sour cream. It was an enormous offering, and most folks couldn’t finish it. Often, a husband and wife would order it in the singular with two coffees and still have some left for lunch.
The drunk stared at it blankly for almost three seconds then threw himself to grubbing with gusto, squeaking in pain as the first bite burned his mouth in a spot the coffee had missed, but otherwise never missing a beat in his consumptive rhythm. In short order The Krystal was gone and the plate licked clean of every remnant.
Lowgoss, having just barely stirred in his raisins, blinked in amazement and tried to remember if there had actually been food on the plate.
“Mercy!” Krystal said in amazement. She hadn’t even left the table side yet.
“Well…my friend…you must have been hungry,” said Lowgoss. “Would you, uh, like… more?”
“Yeah,” the drunk grunted as gravy dripped down his matted beard. “Samething.”
“If you would, my dear,” Lowgoss said to Krystal.
Krystal turned without a word and resumed her position at the stove.
Lowgoss hadn’t a clue what else to say and the drunk seemed to have nothing much on his mind, so they sat in silence waiting for Krystal to fetch another round. To pass the time, Lowgoss continued to study the drunk while the drunk studied his surroundings. He looked outside, looked at Krystal, looked at the table, looked at Lowgoss, looked at the ceiling, looked at the other tables, looked at the floor, and then did it all again, in different order.
Lowgoss thought it possible that even with all the looking around, the drunk wasn’t really seeing much of anything, and he would have been right. Random thoughts were splashing all over the drunk’s burbled mind, though. Thoughts like “Where am I?” “Why’s that guy staring at me?” “Who the heck is she?” and “She shells shea shells at the shea shore.” All he really knew is that he was no longer hungry and the booze was wearing off. It was definitely time for bed.
Krystal brought the plate, a half order this time, set it down and refilled both coffees. The drunk dug in with equal fervor, but with a great deal less desperation.
CHAPTER 4
Day 3
Tuesday, Part 2

Scene 1
“Can I get you gentlemen anything else?” Krystal asked. The drunk had cleared the plate again, but had not licked it clean this time.
“No thank you, dear,” Lowgoss said. “I think that will suffice. I’ll take the check now, if you please.”
“Pleases me just fine.” Krystal took the order pad out of her apron pocket, scribbled on it for a moment, ripped off the top sheet and laid it face down on the table. Lowgoss picked it up, turned it over and took a glance. It read ‘You did a good thing. Leave a generous tip and we’ll call it square.’
The drunk, finding nothing left to eat in front of himself, tossed back the remainder of his coffee, ripped a thoroughly satisfying belch and staggered to his feet. “Tired,” he mumbled, and reeled his way out the door without a thank you or a backwards glance. Lowgoss was not bothered by this as he had fed the drunk for the humanity of the act and not for the gratitude. He watched the drunk stagger away then stood up from the booth to argue the bill with Krystal.
A strident horn blasted outside. Lowgoss whirled around in time to see a massive SUV, as black as night and stretched out to almost thirty feet, pull up to the curb in front of the drunk who had just started crossing the street. The poor man reeled back onto the sidewalk, bounced off a light post, stumbled into a newspaper box, slid to the ground, shook his shaky self upright, and moved on.
“Lordy!” Krystal gasped. “Is he okay?” She moved up beside the professor and they watched the drunk lurch away on the sidewalk, seemingly unharmed by the black monstrosity now parked in front of Krystal’s.
“Yes,” said Lowgoss. “At least he seems to be.”
A few moments later two men climbed out of the vehicle. They were both above six feet tall, making the shorter of the two four inches taller than Peter. They both wore black suits, black sun shades, black skinny ties, and black wingtip shoes. Their haircuts were short, almost military and they moved with the forceful ease of authority.
“Who are these jokers?” asked Krystal.
“I don’t know,” said Lowgoss, “but it looks like we’re about to find out.”
The men strode through the diner door, heralded by the little cow bell. They walked up to Peter, removed their glasses in unison like synchronized swimmers and stared down at him. Finally one of them spoke.
“Are you Professor Peter Lowgoss?”
“Yes, as a matter of fact I am,” Peter responded. “And who might you be?”
“Did you discover a previously unknown comet exactly three nights ago?”
“Why… yes, yes, I did. How did you know?”
Lowgoss stared at the man, stunned. His discovery was an unofficial secret, or so he thought. The announcement was slated for an Astronomer’s convention on the other side of the state, and that wasn’t for another ten days. Further, he assumed the comet would garner little interest outside the convention since it wasn’t passing close enough to Earth to be observable by the unaided eye.
Evidently someone was interested. But who?
“Sir, have you told anybody about this discovery?”
“No… I mean, besides my old colleague Professor Wiggins at the university and someone from the Department of Interplanetary Academics, but they wouldn’t have told anyone.”
“Professor, what’s this all about?” Krystal asked. “You discovered a comet? Is that a crime?”
“Yes,” Lowgoss said, “I mean, I discovered a comet far out in space a few days ago, but it’s not a crime as far as I know.”
“Sir,” said the other man, “I must insist that you stop telling her about the comet. She has no right to know.”
“He didn’t tell me about it, you big galoot,” Krystal said. “Your idiot partner already did that.”
“Now Krystal…” Lowgoss murmured calmly.
“I don’t know what you guys want, but you’d best speak your minds quickly or get out of my diner. You hear?”
“Ma’am, since you know about the comet, you’ll have to come with us.”
“Now see hear, my good man,” Lowgoss protested, stepping in front of Krystal. “You can’t just barge in here, grab this fine woman and run off. What right do you…?”
“Sir, we’re not just grabbing and running off with this woman,” the first one replied smugly. “You’re coming with us too.”
“I most certainly am not!” Lowgoss raised his fists and squared his feet in preparation for combat. “I’m a peaceful man, but by gum I’ll bean you if you lay a hand on either one of us, even if you are twice my size and half my age. Now both of you – get out of this woman’s diner!”
“Yeah,” said Krystal over Peter’s shoulder. “And take your monkey mobile with you!”
The two black-suited men glared at Krystal and Peter for a moment then pivoted, again in unison, and walked out. The professor turned his gnarled knuckles toward his face and stared at them in astonishment.
“Well I’ll be,” he breathed. “I’ve still got it!”
“Glory, sugar,” Krystal crowed, throwing her arms around him. “You’ve got it in spades!”

Scene 2
The two oldsters felt like youngsters again as they reveled in the thrill of victory. Reveled, that is, until they looked out the window at the two men sitting in the car which wasn’t yet running.
“Why ain’t they gone?” Krystal asked.
“I don’t know,” Peter replied, “but the gentleman in the passenger seat is talking to someone on his cell phone and he doesn’t look entirely pleased with the conversation. Krystal, maybe you should call the sheriff.”
“That sounds like a good idea to me.” She moved toward the phone hanging on the wall at the end of the counter. Just then it rang. She quickly snatched it up.
“Hey there, I don’t know who this is, but could you call back in a few minutes? I need to call the sheriff.”
“There’s no need for the sheriff, Krystal,” an unfamiliar voice said. “Do you know who this is?”
“No,” she answered. “I have no idea who you are, but I need to hang up now.” She glanced at the professor and then beyond him to the car where the two men still sat.
“Please don’t hang up. This is your Governor.”
“My Governor of what?” she asked.
“Of your State,” he responded.
“My State?” She looked at Lowgoss, her eyes wide. “This is Governor Head?” Lowgoss looked back at her and mouthed ‘Who?’ She put a finger to her lips and silently shushed him.
A small groan came from the caller. “That’s Heade, Mrs. Murdock, as in weed. Governor Heade.”
“Heade, weed, feed and seed, what do I care? Why are you bothering me?” she demanded.
“My dear lady,” he said, speaking soothingly. “You were just visited by two nice young men, were you not?”
“Well, they were young, they were men and there were two of them, but they weren’t all that nice, and that wasn’t much of a visit, I’ll tell you.”
“Yes, I understand, and I apologize on their behalf. They came to see you at my request and I apparently forgot to tell them to use their best manners.”
“Apparently,” she agreed.
“They have something very important to ask you and Professor Lowgoss. Do you think you could see your way to allowing them back into your establishment?”
“Well, I don’t know.”
“Please ma’am, as a favor to me?”
“I’ll tell you straight up, I didn’t vote for you, but since you asked so nice, yeah, alright. They can come back in.”
“Thank you, ma’am, and I hope I can earn your trust – and your vote – before the next election.” She rolled her eyes. “May I speak with Professor Lowgoss now, please?”
“Hold on a moment.” She motioned to the professor, who was dividing his attention between the occupied car and the phone call. “It’s the Governor. He wants to talk to you.”
He came over and took the phone from her with a quizzical look. She gave him an exaggerated shoulder shrug with her palms turned upward.
“This is Peter Lowgoss.” He listened for a moment. “Yes sir, I recognize your voice… I see… Is that right? I’d say not… Okay sir, we’ll give them a second chance… yes sir… goodbye sir.” He replaced the hand set in the cradle and turned to Krystal with a look of surprise.
“Well if that isn’t something!”
“What is it? What did he say?” she demanded. He had just begun to tell her when they heard two car doors open and close. A moment later a knock sounded from the doorway. Turning, she saw the two men waiting politely on the doorstep, looking just a tad meeker than when they had entered the first time. She motioned her assent and they came in again. This time they did not swagger or do any synchronized swimming, but spoke in proper tones and showed deference to their hosts.
“Forgive us, ma’am, professor,” said one. “My name is Agent Howard. This is my partner, Agent Douglas. We’re part of Governor Heade’s personal security detail and are here on his behalf. We got off on the wrong foot. Could we start over?”
“Please do,” invited the professor.
CHAPTER 5
Day 4
Wednesday, Part 1

Scene 1
“Professor Lowgoss, Mrs. Murdock, it’s so good to meet you both,” said Governor MT Heade. “Thank you for coming on such short notice.”
At the diner the day before, Mr. Howard and Mr. Douglas had offered a rather lengthy and somewhat awkward explanation for their unannounced visit which, summarized, went something like this: Professor Lowgoss reported the comet to Professor Wiggins who told his son who told his old frat brother Saddleback who is the Governor’s aid who told Governor Heade who had the idea of sharing the spotlight with Lowgoss for the announcement and so dispatched a car to pick up Lowgoss and Krystal and drive them to the state Capitol rather than flying them which would have been faster but would have provided opportunities to spill the beans and once they arrived they would they would stay in the finest suites, eat at the finest restaurants and receive the undying gratitude of Heade so long as he was in office, it’s a win-win situation, what do you say, is it a deal?
After a justifiable bit of hemming, accompanied by the appropriate amount of hawing, Lowgoss and Krystal had agreed to go see the Governor.
Krystal hung a ‘Closed until Saturday’ sign in the diner’s window and called Owen Junior, the oldest of her five kids, to let him know she’d be gone for a few days. Owen Junior, or O-Jay as he was known, was to let the rest of the family know and tell them not to worry. She’d fill them all in when she got home. Then the Governor’s men, dubbed Howdy and Doody by Krystal, drove them to their homes to pack overnight bags. That task done, the four had climbed into the SUV and made the drive to the State Capitol.
The SUV’s cavernous passenger cabin was plush and equipped with a small refrigerator that contained fresh fruits, pre-packaged sandwiches, juices and sodas. The opposing leather bench seats offered heated vibro-massage. Each seat had its own computer with satellite internet access, a wireless keyboard and a wireless mouse. Flip-down screens gave them access to all the technology. It was decked out for productivity with everything necessary to keep a busy VIP on the job and up to date.
Peter took advantage of the computer to compose a statement for inclusion in the press package. Finishing that, he and Krystal chatted, nibbled, drank, and napped to fill the time. They also flirted innocently with each other, as they had been doing for years.

Scene 2
Though Peter and his wife had vacationed in Mule Elk for more than two decades, they had never visited Krystal’s Diner. They had driven past it an untold number of times and had often thought about dropping in for breakfast, but they preferred their own cooking and their own company in the morning, so they rarely made it out of their house, much less their pajamas, until they had finished breakfast dishes and cleaned up the kitchen.
Lunch had never been a priority for them, so paying for a sit-down meal made little sense unless they were ravenous and so far away from home they couldn’t get back in time for a meal, and since Krystal’s was only five minutes away from their rental unit, that never worked out either.
The few occasions they had ventured out for dinner, they could not have gone to Krystal’s, since it was only open for breakfast and lunch.
The morning after he moved to Mule Elk, a widower of several years and a retiree of two months, Peter couldn’t face sitting at the breakfast table alone and went in search of company. Happy to be satisfying his curiosity after all those years, he had driven straight to Krystal's Diner. His lonely eyes latched onto the stout, brusque, vivacious cook/owner the moment she turned his way and told him to have a seat in the first booth. His scholarly brain began a silent soliloquy when she handed him a menu and asked, “Coffee?”
‘Here, dear gentlemen, is a woman of note. Observe! Unlike the moronic tarts who have inhabited our classrooms over the years, or the grizzled androgens who have passed themselves off as women and scholars in the adjacent classrooms, she has grit, spunk, spark, life! Notice the hair, natural brown in hue and highlighted by wisps of gray, swept back from the ears by virtue of a colorful headband, yet still worn long enough to caress her fine shoulders. Notice, too, her womanly figure which is full enough to endure a night of dancing and yet narrow enough to allow an arm to encircle of a midnight stroll. Now then gentlemen, you will further observe that, despite my being ignorant of her name, and her of mine, we communicated effectively and prosperously without first ascertaining the appropriate credentials. One could conclude, if one were of a mind to do so, that she is a competent woman worthy of our trust and our commerce. As she has no ring on her finger and not even the shadow of one recently removed, I hereby declare my intention to study and observe her further, meeting with your approval according to your unbiased review, of course.’
It was old habit to compose such discourses in his head. He had done it so many times and in so many circumstances over the decades that he no longer moved his mouth when performing the ritual. Instead, even as his professor-self lectured in silence, his retired-self held up his mug and said, “Yes, if you would be so kind.”
For her part, Krystal was wary of the grey-haired professor when he first walked through her door and claimed the nearest booth, but as the years wore on and she served him breakfast after breakfast, as well as the occasional lunch, she grew to enjoy her time with him. He was more educated than any of the other customers who ate at her diner and more sophisticated than any of the men who had tried to date her since her husband had died. He was also more witty, but in a humble, gentle way. She never had to be on her guard, never had to carry a conversation or feign interest in his thoughts, never had to worry about his intentions or be concerned for her virtue.
Truth be told, that last part annoyed her just a bit. She was a woman, after all, and even though she had gone to Sunday school as a little girl and so knew right from wrong, she would not have minded repenting for a few blissful moments of twilight tumbling. She was still plenty young and he was hardly over the hill, and they both were fairly decent looking for a couple of sixty-somethings. Would it kill him just to make a pass at her?
He never did. Oh, he wanted to – absolutely! He was, after all, a man, and a peek at his thoughts would prove he longed for such intimate companionship, but he had gone to Sunday school as well, his mama had made sure of it, so he adhered to the rules of propriety
Eventually their relationship became one of proper distance, deep admiration and mutual respect, and it stayed that way right up until their chauffeured drive to see the Governor.

Scene 3
Arriving at the state Capitol early that evening, the governor’s two men drove Krystal and Peter straight to their five-star hotel. Their private suites, across the hall from each other, were an exercise in luxury. Everything they could imagine wanting or needing had been supplied in abundance.
For dinner they had dressed to the eights. Given more time to prepare, they could have dressed to the nines, but eights were the best they could do on such short notice.
Capitol City Supper Club was the fanciest restaurant in which either had ever set foot. Its massive front doors opened into a spacious, candle-lit vestibule appointed with overstuffed leather chairs, rosewood coffee tables and a cascading fountain in the corner. A second pair of massive doors gave access to the main dining room which featured burnished maple wainscoting to a height of four feet and, above that, cranberry velvet drapery that stretched in pleated splendor to the top of the 14 foot high ceiling. The solid hardwood floor was laid out in a complicated crosshatch pattern and polished to a mirrored perfection. Two lighted beeswax candles rose from two polished candlesticks at the center of each table. The napkins and tablecloths were made of 600 thread-count eggshell-white linen. The flatware composed a full and formal place setting. The dishes were delicate, with an unassuming pattern of hand-etched gold around the edge of each ivory tinted translucent piece, and the cut-crystal water goblets produced clear and lingering tones when gently flicked.
The male attendants wore long-tailed black tuxedos with burgundy cummerbunds. The female attendants swept through the room in long-sleeved black evening gowns, which made them appear to flow and swirl between the tables. The head chef, a snooty fellow with an unpronounceable name and an incomprehensible accent, was a delightful caricature of haughtiness who personally described each dish to the Governor’s honored acquaintances.
The meal itself was every bit as delicious as the ambiance, and the two Mule Elkers sat in the candlelight and enjoyed every bite. When the bites were gone, they lingered in the afterglow of dinner, sipping fresh-brewed decaf coffee and talking for hours. Finally the maitre d', hesitant to offend his honored guests, asked if they wouldn’t mind too terribly much if the staff began to close up. Abashed at their thoughtlessness, they readily agreed, profusely praising the chef and the wait staff as they left for their hotel.
In the hallway that separated their rooms, they found themselves holding hands and gazing into each other’s eyes. Loathe to let the night end, they finally, and all too soon, murmured their goodnights and retired to their individual beds.

Scene 4
A half hour or so after a computerized voice informed each of them over the phone that it was “…7am and time to rise and shine”, Peter and Krystal met in the hotel’s café for a bite of breakfast.
The meal was thoughtfully planned and perfectly executed – every bit as fantastic as Peter’s breakfast fantasy of the previous day. He discovered, however, that he was not all that much impressed by it. The food was fine, of course, but it was his companion that drew his attention away. Somehow, she lent an air of magic to the morning, and he found himself sitting in front of his fancy breakfast craving fresh buttermilk biscuits doused with homemade sausage gravy, a slab of hash, a bowl of cheese grits, or anything else from the Krystal’s Diner menu, so long as it was Krystal preparing and serving it.
With a start of delight, he realized this revelation pleased him very much, and if he had been able to see into her heart, he would have discovered that Krystal felt the same way.
After their morning meal, Howdy and Doody drove the couple to the Governor’s office and escorted them to the door. Knocking twice, they swung it open and stepped back, motioning for Peter and Krystal to enter.
Governor Heade, quickly stowing his pop up mirror, stood up, moved around from behind his desk and strode toward them, welcoming and shaking hands with each of them while turning just a smidge to the right so the overhead chandelier would accent the best side of his flawless chin.
“How was your trip?” he asked.
“Fine, fine,” said Lowgoss.
“And your accommodations? You ate well and slept well, I trust?”
“Superbly! We were treated like royalty, Governor Head,” Lowgoss replied.
The Governor’s right eye twitched, but his smile did not falter. “Actually, my good professor, the name is Heade, as in deed.”
“That’s right, professor,” chimed in Krystal, touching him lightly on the arm. “The Governor and I already had this conversation on the telephone. It’s Heade, like in weed and feed, or greed and bleed, or…”
“Yes, well,” the Governor interrupted. “Have you met my assistant, Mr. Saddleback?”
Saddleback, who had been standing to the side of and at the far edge of MT’s presumed lime light, stepped forward and shook their hands. “It’s a pleasure to meet you both.”
“Ah, Mr. Saddleback - I believe you’re the young man who ratted me out,” Lowgoss accused with a smile.
“Guilty as charged, sir,” Saddleback admitted. “I hope I caused no problems.”
“To be honest,” said Lowgoss, “you saved me the bother of driving myself over the mountains and I’ve been treated like a king, but those don’t really sound like problems, do they, Mr. Saddleback?”
“No sir,” Saddleback agreed with a smile, “they don’t. Now, here’s the itinerary for the rest of the day. The press conference will begin at 9:00 am in the press room just down the hall. We’ll be leaving for that in…” he looked at his watch, “…in a couple of minutes. I will introduce the Governor and then he will introduce you. You will have ten minutes to make your prepared statement announcing the new comet. We’ll then open the floor to the press. Questions will continue until 9:30 or until the press runs dry, whichever comes first. If you receive a question that you can’t answer or that doesn’t concern the comet, simply look to me and I’ll intervene. Does that all make sense?”
“Perfectly.”
“Good. Do you have your written statement?”
“Indeed.” Lowgoss took it out of the folder he held and handed it to Saddleback. “I wrote it on the drive over, as you requested, and these two gentlemen...” he pointed to Howdy and Doody “…printed it out for me. I kept it elementary, as you suggested.”
“Excellent.” Saddleback put it in his own folder. “We’ll release this to the press after you’ve announced the comet. Now we’re just waiting for…” Someone knocked on the office door. “Ah, that must be him.”
Howdy opened the door and admitted a young man dressed in a dark blue suit, white shirt, red and grey striped tie, and high-gloss wingtips. He seemed young and eager, with a hint of confident intelligence. In his hand he held a folder of his own.
“I hope I’m not late, Mr. Saddleback.”
“You’re right on time,” Saddleback assured him. “Is everything in order?”
“Yes sir. All the paperwork is complete and in this folder. I’ve got the DIA forms, the Federal Celestial Registry forms, the Astronomy and Academics forms as well as the Planetary Emergency Response System forms, just in case.”
“Good. Professor Lowgoss, I’d like you to meet Agent Ethan Trumble, your contact at the Department of Interplanetary Academics. He has all the papers you need to sign to make that comet officially yours, which we’ll do right after the press conference. It will make for a good photo op with the Governor.”
“Agent Trumble,” said Lowgoss, shaking his hand, “what a pleasure to finally meet you. You’ve been most helpful over the phone this last week.”
“The pleasure is all mine, Professor Lowgoss sir” said Trumble. “It’s not every day I get in on a newly discovered comet. I don’t know if you remember, but I took Astronomy 101 from you my first year at the U.”
“Did you now? And did I pass you?”
“Yes sir. Just barely, sir.”
“Please, call me Peter. Now that I’m retired, I no longer stand on ceremony.”
“Gotcha. Peter it is, and you can call me Ethan.”
Standing behind Saddleback, MT cleared his throat.
“Oh, yes sir, of course,” said Saddleback, closing the folder and stepping out of the way. “Agent Trumble, this is Governor Heade. Governor Heade, Agent Trumble.”
“Governor, it’s an honor to meet you.” Trumble stepped forward with an outstretched hand.
MT gave Ethan’s hand one perfunctory pump and dropped it. “Likewise, I’m sure. Saddleback, I think it’s time.”
“Yes,” Saddleback agreed. He opened the office door. “After you, sir.”
CHAPTER 6
Day 4
Wednesday, Part 2

Scene 1
MT arrived at the press room first and waited for Howdy and Doody to open the doors. He then strode into the room and led the others on to the platform. Saddleback went straight to the lectern. MT stood to his right and Lowgoss, Krystal and Trumble stood behind them.
“Ladies and gentlemen of the press,” Saddleback said, “good morning and thank you for coming. I will not be making an opening statement today, so without any further ado, it is my privilege to introduce our Governor, who has an amazing and exciting announcement. Governor Heade.”
Saddleback moved aside and let MT have the microphone. The governor smiled and pivoted his head right and left for maximum chin impact.
“Good morning,” he began. “And what an exciting morning it is! When I was elected Governor, I knew that I would be instrumental in accomplishing many good things for the people of this great state. I never imagined, however, that I would also be instrumental in bringing forth a new scientific discovery, and yet…here I am.”
MT paused to allow the reporters to laugh politely after turning 45 degrees to the left so that his chin was visible to all the cameras.
“Professor?” he said, holding out a welcoming arm. Lowgoss stepped forward into the sideways embrace. “Ladies and gentlemen, this is Peter Lowgoss, Professor emeritus of our esteemed State University. We are together today to announce the discovery of something new in the heavens – a previously unknown comet. That’s right! We all remember the comet Kohoutek, the comet Halle-Bop, the comet Halley. Henceforth, they will share billing with the comet Heade-Lowgoss! Professor, could you give us a bit more information?”
MT stepped back and slid a stupefied Lowgoss front and center. The professor felt suddenly disoriented, as though he were about to sprawl backside-over-bowler from a smashing roundhouse blow.
The comet Heade-Lowgoss? Heade-Lowgoss!?! What the…? Who said anything about…? How could he…? The nerve! Who was it that stood outside in the dark and cold all those nights looking through a telescope? Who was it who studied astronomy for decades in order to even know where to look and what to look for? Who was it that had looked through the telescope and understood what he saw in the first place? It for double-darn sure wasn’t Montague Tyranius Heade!
Lowgoss considered turning and walking off the platform without saying a word. He then considered seizing the microphone and lambasting the Governor for his dishonesty. Then he considered just punching him square in the jaw. After a moment’s hesitation he rejected all three options since the first would be childish, the second would make him seem insane and the third would land him in jail, if he wasn’t shot outright by Howdy and Doody. Noticing that the reporters were beginning to squirm, that Krystal was looking worried and that Saddleback was refusing to make eye contact, which was actually quite decent of him, Lowgoss simply squared his shoulders and placed himself in front of the microphone.
“Thank you, Governor Heade, and thank you, the members of the press for coming out this morning. I was looking through my telescope seventeen days ago in a field about three miles north of Mule Elk, where I now live. I was pointed north by northeast at 1:12 am. The exact coordinates are in the press package Mr. Saddleback will be handing out to you at the end of this meeting. It was a moonless and cloudless sky, so visibility was quite good. I was about to go in for the night when I saw a blur just out of my telescope’s focus. After centering the blur in my scope and refocusing, I spotted a previously unknown comet heading in a relatively parallel course to our own planet. At least it was unknown to me.
“I called the Department of Interplanetary Academics, which thankfully is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, and they confirmed that it was indeed an undiscovered comet. After finding it themselves and running the math, they reached the same conclusion that I did, that the comet would come close enough to earth to be seen by telescopes but would be un-seeable by the naked eye. I wish it were a bit more spectacular than that, but it is not. However, I have been assured by the representative of the Department of Interplanetary Academics, Agent Ethan Trumble, whom you see to my left, that the comet Heade-Lowgoss will be studied most thoroughly and will advance the science of astronomy immeasurably, which is quite pleasing to me as I am a professor of astronomy, as you know, and therefore hold the discipline dear. Thank you.
He came nowhere near his ten minute limit. The surprise renaming of his comet had taken the professorial gab right out of him.
MT stepped up beside him and called on the first reporter.
“Professor Lowgoss, approximately how many days will the comet be visible with a telescope?
“About four more months, give or take a day or two.”
The next reporter asked “Is there any time or place where we could most likely see it with the naked eye?”
“Probably not, but if you find a remote area in the mountains free of any ambient light, and the moon is not out, and you have exceptional eyes, you may be able to see the faintest smudge if you look just to the side of where the comet is located. Even then, it’s doubtful.”
“So this new comet really doesn’t qualify as news, does it?” the second reporter followed up.
“Now hold on a moment,” MT protested. He pushed the professor aside and stepped in front of the mike. This comet, after all, was his introductory ticket to the national stage and he was not about to let some know-nothing reporter from some second-rate piece of pulp newspaper yank it away from him. “The comet Heade-Lowgoss is extremely news worthy and I’ll tell you why. Mr. Trumble,” he looked toward the DIA agent, “would you do us the honor of explaining?”

Scene 2
Agent Trumble looked surprised. His actual participation in the whole affair was supposed to be limited to the paperwork.
“Agent Trumble?” Governor Heade prompted. “We’re waiting.”
Ethan shook himself mentally and drifted forward.
“This is Agent Ethan Trumble from the Department of Interplanetary Academics,” MT said. “Agent Trumble, tell these good people why the Heade-Lowgoss comet is news.”
“Well, you see…” Trumble began.
As his first three words blared into the room, he noticeably paled and shied away from the microphone. He may very well have stayed frozen right there had he not felt a steadying hand on his shoulder. He turned to see Lowgoss standing beside him. The professor smiled and gave an encouraging wink.
“Take a deep breath and just tell them what you know,” Lowgoss whispered. “It’s that easy.”
Trumble breathed a ragged sigh, nodded at Lowgoss and turned back toward the microphone.
“Um,” he restarted, “there are two kinds of, um, local comets: long-period and, um, short-period. Both of these, um, types, um, originate from within our solar system and follow, for the most part, prescribed routes on, um, predictable schedules. The comet Heade-Lowgoss, was, um, spotted in a quadrant of the sky we had previously excluded from any short- or, um, long-period comet activity.”
The hand on his shoulder gave an ‘attaboy’ squeeze and let go.
“You see,” he continued, “hundreds of years ago we had, um, conceived of our galaxy as a giant ball in structure. In the last few decades, thanks in large part to Professor Lowgoss and his body of work, we have, uh, modified that concept to look more like a flat but somewhat bowed out disc which is more egg-shaped than round, although even that isn’t precise.”
As he warmed up to his subject, his voice assumed an oratorical tone and the ums disappeared.
“The orbits of all local comets studied to date, those previously mentioned as well as those too numerous to list, have always stayed within very specific mathematical parameters. As we cross reference each comet’s X trajectory with its Y trajectory, superimposed on a three dimensional grid, we see that it forms a kind of broad belt around our solar system which closely mimics the orbits of the planets, although with an exaggerated egg shape and a definite wobble. That belt is admittedly huge, spanning several light years, but that still leaves practically the entire solar system undisturbed by local comets.
“Comets that originate outside of our solar system follow no real predictable orbit or pattern. In fact, they kind of bounce from system to system throughout the galaxy much like the steel ball inside a pinball game. If Heade-Lowgoss we’re behaving as a non-local comet, it would not really merit any notice. But it doesn’t; instead, it is tracing a short-period orbital pattern completely outside the known parameters of local comet activity. What that means is that with the advent of Heade-Lowgoss, which comes at cross angles to the known comet belt, it appears we need to rethink the local comet model and maybe even add a perpendicular and possibly even a transverse aspect. That’s why it’s newsworthy. Did I get that right, Professor?”

Scene 3
Lowgoss stepped up beside Trumble, putting an arm across his shoulders. “Exactly right, agent Trumble. Thank you for that concise explanation. Governor Heade, I don’t think I can add anything.”
Lowgoss and Trumble moved aside and gave the microphone to the governor.
“Yes,” said MT. “We are standing on the threshold of an amazing scientific era, ushered in by the discovery of the comet Heade-Lowgoss. Ladies and gentlemen of the press, thank you for coming. You may now take pictures of me, if you so wish.”
MT turned his chin from side to side, giving both profiles equal access to the cameras. When the flashes stopped, he walked off the platform and out of the press room with Howdy and Doody close behind. Saddleback motioned for Peter, Krystal and Trumble to follow and he stayed behind to deal with the reporters.
MT stopped when he reached his office doors and turned to Lowgoss with eyes alight. “Now that was a great press conference!” he said. “I can feel the poll numbers rising already. Professor Lowgoss, you and I are going to ride this comet a long way. Yessir, a long way! Right to the top!”
“Um…well…yes sir,” Lowgoss stammered. Behind him a cell phone rang and Trumble answered.
“Excellent!” MT clapped him on the shoulder. “I knew I could count on you! Stay in touch with Saddleback. Now if you’ll excuse me, it’s time for my mid-morning shave.”
MT turned and disappeared into his office, closing the door behind him.
Krystal leaned close to Peter and whispered, “What was he talking about? What top are you and The Great Chin riding toward?”
“I’m not rightly sure,” Lowgoss whispered back, “but I think our Governor wants to be King.”
“Good Lord protect us!” she said.
“Amen,” he agreed.
“We’ll take you back to your hotel,” said Howdy. Or it might have been Doody. Either way, Peter and Krystal followed the two men down the hall toward the exit, but stopped and turned back to look at Trumble when they heard him yell.
“It what! But that’s not possible! Are you sure? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Alright, yeah, call me when you know more.”
Trumble closed his phone with a trembling hand.
“What is it, my good man,” Lowgoss asked.
“What’s happening?” Doody demanded as he pushed past Lowgoss. He and Howdy both had their hands on their guns, ready to draw and shoot.
“It’s not possible!”
“What’s not possible?” asked Lowgoss.
“The comet!”
“What about the dang comet?” Krystal demanded.
“It… it turned.”
“Turned?” asked Lowgoss. “What do you mean it turned?”
“Just what I said, it turned!”
“Did it hit something and deflect? Is that what you mean?”
“No sir. My colleagues at the DIA are tracking this thing every moment, visually and by computer. They said they observed no apparent impact and there are no bodies with any significant gravity close enough to it to make it change course. It just turned.”
“But... but that’s impossible,” Lowgoss insisted. “A comet always follows a precise trajectory unless gravity or an impact forces it to change course.”
“I know! But it happened!”
“I’m confused,” said Howdy. “Is this a problem or isn’t it?”
“It’s no problem, Mr. Howard,” Lowgoss said. “A comet always follows a circular pathway and never deviates unless it’s drawn toward a body with a strong gravity field or unless it collides with something. If it is affected by gravity, it only alters course to a small degree, at least initially. If it collides with something, it either demolishes what it hits or it is absorbed. Agent Trumble is telling us that the comet has interacted with something and had its trajectory altered.”
Howdy and Doody looked disappointed as they took their hands off their weapons.
“Sir,” Trumble said, “I don’t mean to argue with you, but like I told you, it didn’t hit anything. There’s no sign of that whatsoever, no explosion, no debris field. My contact says it simply altered its course by 75 degrees, like it was turning a corner.”
Lowgoss looked dubious. “75 degrees? Not .075 degrees?”
“75 degrees, sir.”
“I see.” Lowgoss stared into space for a moment then asked quietly, “which direction is the comet headed now?”
“Straight for us, sir.” Trumble looked ready to lose his breakfast. “It’s on a collision course with Earth.”
CHAPTER 7
Day 4
Wednesday, Part 3

Scene 1
The stars twinkled brightly in the cool, cloudless night, and the drunk lay face up on his mattress taking in the awesome spectacle. At least he would have been taking in the awesome spectacle if he had been sober, which of course he wasn’t. He wasn’t merely drunk either. Had he been merely drunk, he might have had enough presence of mind to be awed by a star splattered sky. Instead, he was plastered, wasted, trashed - and the only the star splattered sky to be seen at 9:30 in the morning was the one produced on the backs of his eyelids as his pickled brain fought to regain complete unconsciousness.
It had only been a day, or so it seemed, since that old man had bought him breakfast. The drunk could not precisely recall. His brain, after so many years of alcoholic intemperance, could no longer keep track of such details. It no longer desired stimulation or input. It no longer cared to entertain a thought process or initiate a synaptic event. It only wanted to re-slump into its normal catatonic state. His body, desiring to be in harmony with his brain, was generally complicit in the conspiracy and did its level best to render the man permanently paralyzed.
The drunk ate regularly enough to remain off the obituary column, for the people of Mule Elk were not a heartless lot. Many of the kinder citizens and shop keepers supplied him from their back doors with leftovers, day-olds and discards. Some of this largess, such as raw vegetables, vegetarian meats and anything that clashed with his liquid diet, he left outside his shack for the local critter populace to devour. The remainder he ate, which usually pleased and always surprised his alimentary canal.
Yesterday’s meal was a feast beyond any his gut had known for many years, and his digestive tract was absolutely ecstatic. It, not surprisingly, rather liked having something more than distilled grain or questionable leftovers to process and just could not leave well enough alone, despite the brain’s insistence on remaining comatose. Eventually, as the nourishment was passed down the line from stomach to small intestine to colon, his body recognized that it could not remain asleep and still retain any dignity. Something had to give - and soon. To that end, it rebelled against the brain and strove to wake the drunk for the sake of bio-discarding in the alley two blocks down.
The act of bio-discarding was easy enough to perform, especially since the alley two blocks down bordered on the storage lot for a local construction company. In that lot a quintuplet of plastic outhouses, unlocked and fully stocked, sat ready and waiting. They had been at the drunk’s disposal for many years and the company’s owner counted the cost of keeping them cleaned out and functioning as his service to mankind. In addition, he often left clothing and food hanging from the outhouse door. During the Christmas season he left cookies, made by his wife, in a decorative tin.
Because of the outhouses, bio-discarding was sanitarily and simply done. The hard part was the two block walk.
In his normal condition, the drunk careered, careened and caromed in sufficient degree to double the normal length of a two block walk, and a four block walk was a long way to go when the need was urgent. His condition this day being more or less abnormal, the two-block walk was going to entail six to eight blocks worth of swerving.
The real problem, aside from the cramping in his somewhat startled and under-exercised large intestine, was that after his gorging of the day before, he had actually felt a small degree of energy, a surge rather, and had launched himself into the task of moving his mattress completely under the covered portion of his roof, right next to the wall under the East window, thereby reducing his chances of dampening his shack’s sole solid pane. Not only that, but he had scooted his personal valet over as well, so as to preserve the harmony of the room and furnishings, and in so doing drained his meager reserves.
Interior decorating can really take it out of a body.
In celebration of his bold, new upscale home arrangement he had taken a three hour breather on his re-arranged mattress. Refreshed, he had hustled five blocks out to the freeway and found an inordinate amount of recyclable aluminum cans in the grass along the shoulder. He had also found a bonanza of soda cans conveniently stored in three large plastic bags on the back porch of some private residence just down the street from the recycling center. Being as those bags were on somebody’s porch, taking them without permission from the porch’s owner might have seemed like stealing, but those were garbage bags, and what dad-blamed fool would want to keep garbage around any longer than necessary. No sir, taking those bags wasn’t stealing – it was an act of charity and community service. That made him a hero. Call him Super Bum!
After dragging the questionable haul to the center two blocks to the other side of his shack and receiving a larger than usual pay check, he had visited the state-run sot center just three blocks further down the road and stocked up on two large bottles of rotgut. First a real breakfast, then actual exercise, then a huge paycheck – what a day! It was time to party!
Of course, he now faced a sobering five block walk back to his party palace. No problem. The first bottle got him home. Once there, he downed the second bottle in celebration and promptly collapsed on his mattress. Mercifully, as per the plan of brain and body, oblivion had not delayed its arrival. The wretch passed out and felt nothing for the next twelve hours. Nothing, that is, until the spasms of his cramped bowels dragged him back to consciousness.
Understandably, he felt rotten, but the journey was decidedly necessary, so he resolutely floomped his way yet again on to the floor and up to his knees. At the doorway, clinging to the jamb, he made it to his feet and set out.

Scene 2
He blundered down the alley, bouncing from wall to wall in an un-syncopated cadence, reached the street, reeled across it without getting hit and lurched his way down the second block, making it to the outhouse with little sphincter control to spare. Shortly thereafter, relieved of his burden, he crashed out of the outhouse and began to retrace his steps homeward. Halfway there, he gave up the struggle and settled down against an alley wall, half sitting and half lying.
Funny – his men’s room visit should have solved the problem of his unsettled innards, and yet they still felt wrong. They didn’t hurt, but at the same time they didn’t feel right. They just felt wrong.
He supposed at first that this was what came of eating real food in abundance. This, however, wasn’t one of those ate-three-helpings-of-everything kinds of discomfort. It was more along the lines of one of those riding-a-rollercoaster-after-eating-three-corndogs-and-two-cotton-candies kinds of discomfort.
He thought he might be fixing to upchuck, but that wasn’t quite it. Maybe it was the DTs or alcohol poisoning or malaria. No, those weren’t right either. It was sort of an unsettling, quivering sensation deep in his gut, a vibrating sensation like standing too close to the amplifiers when the bass guitarist hit a really low note. That was it, a vibration – a deep, low, persistent vibration, and it had been rumbling within him for some time. As he thought about it, he realized that it was the vibration more so than his intestines that had waked him.
If he had been a little more alert, or a little less apathetic, he would have pondered this and maybe even sought medical advice. As it was, he gave it no further thought once he identified the affliction. His was a life of leisure, not of strivings. What did he care why his insides were vibrating? It neither hurt him nor prevented him from collecting his daily share of charity. In fact, ambling along once again, he found himself shuffling to its rhythm. Oh yes, it had rhythm, and to spare.
With his recent pressing needs properly addressed and no longer hindering reception, he could now feel the vibrations through his entire body. His arms swayed in tempo, his feet shuffled in rhythm, his head bounced from shoulder to shoulder, and his eyes looked heavenward, searching for the source of the pulsing beat.
CHAPTER 8
Day 4
Wednesday, Part 4

Scene 1
“Aaaa-eeeeeeee-aaaaa-ggghhh!”
The cry echoed down the hallway. Lowgoss, Krystal and Trumble whirled around and stared in the direction of the sound, unsure of what to do. Howdy and Doody stood back to back, drew their weapons and pointed them in opposite directions, searching for the threat. Only Saddleback moved, racing out from the press room and toward the Governor’s office.
“Saddleback! Dear God, help me, Saddleback.”
Saddleback burst through the office door. Moments later, Howdy and Doody rushed in, guns still drawn.
The Governor’s office was almost round with no corners and no sharp angles. It was surmised that MT had ordered it built that way because he had a Presidential complex and was hoping to attain the Oval Office someday. That was all true, but the main reason he had ordered it round was because he liked to pace when thinking and corners required turning, which interrupted his thought processes.
In a very real sense, MT was a circular thinker.
His desk was facing the entrance about twenty feet into the room. Ten feet in front of it and just off to the right, sitting atop a tasteful area rug, were a couch and two comfortable armchairs arranged around an ornate coffee table. Ten feet directly behind the desk were brass-mullioned French doors leading to his exercise track. To the right of the desk was the closed door to the sound proofed communications room. To the left was the open door to the Governor’s private facilities from which came the hideous screams.
Saddleback moved toward the restroom, but Howdy and Doody muscled him out of the way and took defensive positions on both sides of the doorway. On the count of three they surged in, with Howdy aiming his weapon high and Doody aiming his low. They swept the room, finding it empty except for the Governor who stood shirtless at the sink staring wide-eyed into the mirror and screaming. He held a safety razor in one hand and a sudsy lather brush in the other. Whatever was bothering MT, it had begun before the brush had touched his face.
“Are you OK, sir?” Doody asked.
MT whirled around with a look of madness in his eyes.
“Where’s Saddleback?” he shrieked. “I need Saddleback!”
The aide appeared at the bathroom door. “Is it clear? Is the Governor safe?”
“Affirmative,” said Howdy. He holstered his weapon and Doody followed suit. After asking the Governor several times if he was all right and getting no response except for a jaw-clenched mewling, they gave it up and stepped out of the room.
“Talk to him,” Howdy ordered saddleback. “See if you can find out what’s happening.”
“Got it,” Saddleback responded.
Saddleback stepped toward the Governor, who was still gripping the razor and brush. MT’s eyes were wild and he was trembling, with a look of horror on his face. Murmuring soft words of comfort, Saddleback took the brush, gently convinced him to drop the razor in the sink and had him sit on the closed commode. As soon as he was seated, MT began to whimper.
“My chin! Dear God, my chin. What am I going to do? Saddleback, look at my chin!”
“What’s the matter with it, sir,” he asked? “It’s not bleeding. It looks fine.”
“But look at it! Can’t you see?! It’s vibrating!”
Saddleback blinked. “What are you talking about, Sir?”
MT reached up and grabbed a handful of Saddleback’s shirt, dragging him down to eye level and forcing him to kneel beside the toilet.
“I came in here to shave my face and massage my chin, just like I do every morning at this time,” he hissed. “Before I could get the lather on, my chin began to vibrate. I could feel it! And it wasn’t just vibrating. It was pulsing! In rhythm! It still is! It feels like I have a…a hive of bees in my chin and they’re all buzzing the Macarena! What am I going to do, Saddleback? I can’t shave when it’s moving! I might nick it! How can I rule over my State with a cut on my chin? But if I don’t shave I’ll have stubble and I’ll lose all respect in the polls. Oh God, Saddleback, I think I’m going to hyperventilate!”
“Take a deep breath and relax, sir,” Saddleback directed. “I’ll examine it. Hold still now,”
MT took a jittery breath and held still as best he could. Freeing his shirt from the Governor’s panicked grasp, Saddleback put his face right up to MT’s chin. He looked at it from one angle and then the other, from the top and the bottom, then straight on to be certain of what he saw. Sure enough, if he looked at it in profile using the three-hour old whiskers for measure, he could see a very definite but subtle vibration. The whiskers were moving back and forth at a fairly high rate, pulsing in a steady rhythm. He reached out and touched the chin. He could feel it vibrating. He grabbed it firmly to steady it. Though his grasp seemed to suppress the vibration, it did not stop it.
“Very interesting! Are you feeling fine otherwise, sir?”
“Yes, everywhere but here,” MT quavered, pointing at his chin.
“Did you have more than one cup of coffee this morning?”
“No.”
“Are you on any new medications?”
“Of course not.”
“Can you see my fingers? How many am I holding up?”
“Saddleback, you ninny, my eyes aren’t the problem! What's wrong with my chin!?
“Deep breath again, sir. Calm down. I’ll be right back.”
Saddleback stood up, stepped into the office and told Doody to call MT’s personal physician. MT’s private doctor was always on call and, conveniently, lived in the house next to the Governor’s mansion. Doody picked up the phone and saddleback returned to the bathroom.
“We’ve got your doctor coming. I want you to put your shirt on and lie down on the office couch until he gets here. Let me help you, sir.”
MT hated feeling helpless, but for the sake of his chin he allowed Saddleback to drape his shirt over his shoulders and shuffle him to the office couch. Halfway toward a full slump on the cushions he spotted Krystal, Lowgoss and Trumble crowding in at the door.
“What is this, a spectator sport?” he roared. “Saddleback, get them out of here!”

Scene 2
Saddleback led the three visitors down the hallway and into an empty conference room. In the center stood a massive mahogany table with sixteen padded leather swivel chairs placed around it. At the far end was a fully stocked wet bar. Between the bar and conference table sat four overstuffed arm chairs surrounding a small cherry wood coffee table.
“What seems to be the problem, Mr. Saddleback?” Lowgoss asked, stopping just inside the door. “Is the Governor injured?”
“No, no, he’s fine,” Saddleback reassured. “His chin seems to be vibrating. That’s all.”
Krystal gave him a quizzical look. “His chin is what?”
“It’s vibrating. I can’t imagine it’s anything to worry about, but it gave him a scare. I’ve called the doctor to check him out. After the exam, I’ll be back. In the meantime, please stay in this room. It may be a while, so if you get hungry, call food service and order whatever you want. They’ll bring it to you. And by all means, help yourselves to whatever you find at the bar. Please excuse me now.”
Saddleback left, closing the door behind him. Peter, Krystal and Ethan stood close together in a silent huddle, not really sure what to think, say or do. Finally, Krystal turned to Lowgoss.
“What’s going on, Peter,” she asked. “First The Great Chin steals your comet, then the stupid comet changes direction and now that pompous ninny is flipping out. Is this the State Capitol or the State Nut House?”
“It does all seem a bit odd, doesn’t it,” Lowgoss agreed, “especially the vibrating chin. However, this is Governor Heade we’re talking about, so this may very well be business as usual here.”
Krystal gave a cynical laugh. “He should be called Governor Head-case.”
“Perhaps,” said Lowgoss, “but let’s get back to the real concern, shall we? Agent Trumble, tell us again what you told us in the hallway, if you please. I’m not sure I heard you correctly.”
“Oh, yes sir,” Ethan said. “You heard me correctly all right. That comet has changed direction independent of any discernable outside cause.”
“And it’s heading straight for Earth?”
“Yes sir. At least, that’s what the DIA is reporting, sir.”
“Hmmm,” Lowgoss pondered that for a moment then motioned toward the arm chairs at the other end of the room. Let’s sit down, shall we?”
Once they were all seated, Lowgoss turned to agent Trumble and slipped into professor-mode. “Ethan…may I call you Ethan?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Thank you. Ethan, give me your best theory on how and why the comet turned,” he said.
“I don’t mean to be rude, sir, but how am I supposed to know?
“You have a college degree, do you not?”
“Yes sir, a Master’s in Astronomy, but I never encountered anything like this in a text book. It’s highly improbable. In fact, it’s not even possible.”
“Listen up, pumpkin,” Krystal cut in. “I never went to college, but I’ll tell you this much – it’s happening, so it must be possible. Shoot, even I could figure that one out.”
“Mrs. Murdock makes a great point, doesn’t she, Agent?” Lowgoss said with an amused grin. Trumble, looking a bit less than amused, nodded his agreement. “Good. Now then, I want you to do two things for me. Can you do that?”
“Um...yes sir...I guess.”
“Excellent. First, I’d appreciate it if you would stop calling me sir; it’s beginning to rankle. Common courtesy is all the deference I require, and my name is Peter. Second, I want you to take that astronomically trained brain of yours and reason with me for a moment. Can you do those two things?”
Ethan nodded.
“Good. So, it’s been established that a comet changing directions is possible and we’ve been told that it was neither pulled nor pushed out of orbit. What explanations are left to consider?”
Trumble thought about it for a few moments. “Well, sir, I mean Peter, either the comet was demonstrating a previously unknown principle of astrophysics or…” He paused, unsure if he should finish his sentence, took a breath, and plunged ahead. “…or it, um, changed its mind.”
Lowgoss laughed. “Interesting theories; let’s examine them, shall we? First, that previously unknown principle of astrophysics:
At the sub-atomic level, it has been demonstrated time and again that anomalies occur regularly in quantum physics, thus necessitating the formulation of new theories and their accompanying principles. At the other extreme end of the spectrum, we know that the exact cause and origin of the universe itself has yet to be determined, which means that we may yet discover further anomalies and, therefore, new principles of physics on a universal scale that we can’t begin to comprehend now. The problem is that we are not talking about something on a sub-atomic or universal scale. We are talking about an observable comet on a traceable orbit following the predetermined and rationally demonstrated principles of Newtonian physics, kinetic energy, the laws of thermodynamics, etc. As I see it, the likelihood that we have missed a rather obvious anomaly is virtually nil. Therefore, I think we can dispense with theory number one.”
“Gracious me,” Krystal gushed. “I didn’t understand a word of what you just said, but I loved the way you said it.”
“Thank you, my dear,” Lowgoss replied, tipping an imaginary hat. “You may thank my years of training in educational Mumbo-Jumbo for that. I know it’s all a bit confusing, but I think Ethan got the point, didn’t you, my friend?”
“Uh, yeah. Theory number one is out the window. But…but the other theory isn’t possible.”
“Are we back to that again?” Lowgoss raised a quizzical eyebrow in mock disbelief. “It seems to me that we have only two choices. Either the comet moved because of something outside of itself or it moved because of something inside of itself. As we just determined, outside of itself seems unlikely, so we are only left with inside of itself. With that as our foundation, Ethan, explore your second theory, that it changed its mind.”
“Um, well, OK," Ethan stammered, "but it would take a mind to change a mind, and since a comet is not a living creature, and since an inanimate and insentient object has no mind of its own, it must have been programmed to change course.”
“Programmed? By who?” Krystal asked. “Where did it come from?”
“Indeed,” said Lowgoss. “Those are two very interesting questions. Here’s another – is programming our only option? Ethan?”
“Well, um, I suppose, if it wasn’t programmed to change course, then someone must be steering it.”
“Steering it from where?” Lowgoss asked.
“Well, from somewhere on Earth.”
“Or…” the professor encouraged.
Ethan looked puzzled. “What do you mean by ‘or’?”
“Do you know of any technology that can propel or steer an object of the comet’s size?”
“Sure. It’s being developed right now. The DIA has been working in conjunction with several other agencies to bring it on line.”
“Precisely! But it’s not working yet, is it?”
“No, but…”
“Then if it’s not working yet, it can’t be steering the comet, can it?” Lowgoss paused. “And even if it was on line, that comet, or whatever it is, would have needed to be launched 35 or more years ago for it to be exactly where it is and coming from the direction it’s coming, and we certainly had nothing on line that would steer it remotely four decades ago, did we?”
Agent Trumble shook his head.
“Therefore, since it couldn’t possibly be steered remotely by us, I ask again: Or…”
“Or…it’s being steered from somewhere off planet?” Ethan guessed. 
“Perhaps. Or…”
“…or…it’s being steered from…within?” From the look on Ethan’s face, Lowgoss could tell the idea did not set well with him.
“Which means…” Peter prompted.
“Which means,” broke in Krystal, “that thing ain’t a comet at all. It’s an alien space craft!”
“Bingo!” Lowgoss said. “Do you disagree, Ethan?”
Ethan, doing an impressive imitation of a large-mouthed bass, just shook his head. Krystal crossed herself and began to whisper the Lord’s Prayer.
Lowgoss stood up. “What say I pour us each a drink and then we can discuss this further.”
Neither Ethan nor Krystal offered any objection, so Peter went to the bar, located a high priced bottle of single malt scotch, and poured them all a generous shot. After passing a glass to each of his two companions, he took his own seat.
The further discussion, which was the stated purpose of the sitting and drinking, resulted in silence as none of them had anything to say, at least not out loud. Inside his head, however, Peter’s brain was processing at record speeds. ‘Aliens? Is it possible? Little green men? Don’t be silly – they could just as easily be pink or blue. Martians? Of course not - Mars has no life on it. Andromedans? Maybe.’

Scene 3
The door flew open at the other end of the room and Saddleback entered. He started toward the comfy chairs and the three sitters stood to meet him.
“Please, sit,” he said, waving them down. They sat again. “What’s that you’re drinking, professor? Scotch?”
Lowgoss nodded and pointed toward the bottle still sitting on the bar.
“Excellent idea. I think I’ll join you.” Saddleback poured his drink then claimed the last of the four chairs. “It’s been a strange morning, hasn’t it?”
“Is the Governor all right?” Krystal asked. “Is his chin still vibrating?”
“He’s fine. So is his chin. His doctor gave him a sedative and he’s taking a nap on his office couch.” Saddleback took a healthy swig of his drink and leaned back in his chair. “Funny thing about his chin. I mean, it’s vibrating, pulsing actually, at a very precise rate. Very rhythmic, almost musical. And when he turns his head in a certain direction, it intensifies. It was vibrating so hard I swear I could hear it. Very strange.”
“Most odd,” Lowgoss agreed. “What do you mean it vibrates more when he turns his head?”
“Just what I said. When he turns his chin toward the north it starts vibrating much harder and faster. And when he turns it away it subsides again.”
“Was it due north?”
“North or north by northwest, something like that,” Saddleback said.
“Was it north or north by northwest,” Lowgoss asked. “Exactly which was it?”
“Exactly? Well, let’s see. The Governor’s office faces due west and his chin vibrated the most when he was facing just to the left of his communications room door, which is due north, so I’d have to say exactly north by northwest. Why? Is that important?”
“Ethan, do you understand what that means?” Lowgoss looked at him with raised eyebrows.
“I sure do,” Trumble said. “It means his chin vibrates the hardest when it’s pointed straight at the comet.”
“Oh, Lord,” Krystal whispered.
“At the comet?” Saddleback looked perplexed, and then he noticed their serious expressions. “Is there something I should know?”
Lowgoss nodded somberly. “We think so, yes. Let’s talk about the comet, then you can show us that vibrating chin.”
CHAPTER 9
Day 4
Wednesday, Part 5

Scene 1
“Do you see it?” whispered Saddleback. “Come down here and look at an angle.”
Lowgoss stooped down and peered through the bottom of his glasses. “Oh…yes…indeed,” he said. “Most extraordinary. It does seem to pulse in rhythm. Can you see it, Ethan?”
“Yes, barely,” said Trumble, leaning over.
“Let me see,” said Krystal. She skooched up beside Lowgoss and peered at MT’s chin. “Well I’ll be. Look at that thing go!”
“Help me push the sofa around so his chin faces north by northwest,” said Saddleback. “Then you’ll really see it. Careful now, we don’t want to wake him. ”
“Yeah,” said Krystal. “He’s much nicer when he’s knocked out.”
Following Saddleback’s lead, they cleared the two armchairs and the coffee table off the area rug, leaving just the couch. Then they each grabbed a corner of the area rug on which the couch sat and began to turn it clockwise. Governor Heade, from his semi-supine position on the couch, peeled open one bleary eye and fixed it on Saddleback.
“Tell Mrs. Murdock I’m not unconscious, only drugged,” he mumbled. “And stop moving this couch! I’m dizzy enough as it is.”
“He can say that again,” Krystal whispered to Lowgoss.
“Saddleback,” said MT, both eyes closed again, “why are these irritating people in my office? For the love of all things holy, send them home to Hicksville and let me go back to sleep.”
“Well, isn’t he rude?” asked Krystal, no longer bothering to whisper. “I have half a mind to give you an earful, Governor Head.”
“That’s Heade, as in creed or Swede…” MT began.
“No it ain’t,” interrupted Krystal. “It’s Head, as in big and swelled.”
“What is she talking about, Saddleback?” said MT. “That doesn’t even rhyme. Make her go away.”
“Mrs. Murdock, please,” said Saddleback, letting go of his corner.
“It’s fine, Mr. Saddleback,” said Lowgoss, casting a pleading eye toward Krystal. “Mrs. Murdock and I will behave. Please continue.”
They finished moving the couch and then each put down their corner of the rug.
“Governor,” said Saddleback, kneeling down by his bosses head, “we need to talk, and we all need to be here. It seems we have a bit of a situation. Are you able to sit up and pay attention?”
“Is it a crisis?”
“Maybe. We’re not sure. Here, let me help you.”
With Saddleback pulling from one direction and Trumble pulling from the other, they managed to get MT into a position that reasonably resembled upright, leaning against the left arm of the couch. Krystal placed a pillow behind his head and Lowgoss propped his right side with another. For a moment he looked like he might upchuck, so Trumble grabbed the nearest waste basket. MT leaned forward and clutched it, hanging his head over the rim, drooling and heaving but producing nothing of substance. When he finally settled down, he put the can on the floor, leaned back with an exhausted sigh, closed his eyes and signaled Saddleback to talk.
“Sir, it’s about the Heade-Lowgoss comet,” Saddleback began. “It changed direction.”
“Is that a problem?” asked MT.
“We’re not sure. Shortly after the press conference Agent Trumble received word that the comet had veered off its prescribed course at a deviation of almost 70 degrees. Prior to this deviation, it was estimated it would pass through our solar system at an angle of…”
“Saddleback!” MT opened his eyes and raised his brows. “My chin is still vibrating, which makes me feel nauseous, and the drugs have made me VERY sleepy. Please, please, PLEASE, get to the point.”
“The point is, sir, we think the comet is heading directly for Earth.”
“Is this a plot from a bad sci-fi movie?” MT asked, closing one eye.
“No sir, it’s real.”
“Hmm.” MT closed both eyes and thought about it for a moment then asked, “We think?”
“Sir?”
“You said ‘we think.’ What do you mean ‘we think’?” asked MT, opening both eyes and raising his head. “Either it’s heading for Earth or it isn’t. Gads, can’t those hairdressers get anything right?”
“What hairdressers is he talking about?” asked Krystal.
“I have no idea,” Lowgoss said and Trumble just shrugged.
Saddleback shushed them with a wave of his hand and said, “We don’t know for sure what’s happening or why, but Agent Trumble says the comet changed direction and it’s definitely heading toward Earth.”
“So I was right, wasn’t I?” MT slumped back again, gloating as well as one can when in possession of a vibrating chin, a queasy case of nausea and a drug-induced drowsiness. “On the track, on Monday, I said it was going to hit Earth and kill us all, and you said it wouldn’t. You and Lowgoss and all those hairdressers were wrong and I was right! Admit it, I was right!”
“Yes sir, you were right,” said Saddleback.
“What hairdressers?” Krystal asked again.
“Please, Mrs. Murdock…” Saddleback fixed her with a pleading stare.
“Fine, fine,” she put her hands up in mock surrender, “the hairdressers can wait.”
“Thank you,” Saddleback said, then refocused on MT. “Governor, we don’t know yet how big it is or where it will hit, or even if it will hit. We just know that it’s heading this direction and we need to do something now. Especially since your name is attached to it.”
“All right,” MT said. He raised his head to look directly at Saddleback and winced. “So what do we know about it so far? And what other government agencies are involved?”
“Professor Lowgoss can give you a better idea of what we’re facing and Agent Trumble can find out about the other Federal agencies.”
“You mean he hasn’t found out yet?” MT looked irritated.
“No, sir, he hasn’t had time. This just came to light.”
“Mr. Howard! Mr. Douglas!”
Howdy and Doody burst into the governor’s office, guns drawn and ready. Lowgoss, Krystal and Trumble stepped away from MT and raised their hands.
“Dear Lord,” gasped Krystal, “they’re going to shoot us!”
“No they’re not,” said Saddleback, rising to his feet and facing the armed men. “It’s OK, gentlemen. You can put your weapons away.”
Howdy and Doody hesitated a moment, looking at the Governor for confirmation that all was well. When MT flapped a trembling hand they holstered their weapons, eyeing each party in the room suspiciously as they did so. Lowgoss, Krystal and Trumble put their hands down.
“Thank you,” said Saddleback. “The Governor has a request.”
The two dark-suited men moved closer to the Governor.
“What can we do for you, sir?”
“Take Agent Trumble here,” MT waved vaguely in Ethan’s direction, “into the Communications Room and stay with him while he makes a few calls. Then bring him back here to me.”
“Yes sir,” the two said in unison. They each grabbed an opposing Ethan arm and dragged him toward the Communications Room door.
“Gentlemen,” Saddleback barked. “He’s not a prisoner. He can walk on his own.”
They released him. “Sorry,” said one. “Sorry,” said the other. “No problem,” said Ethan, straightening his suit jacket. The three entered the Communications Room and closed the door.

Scene 2
“Saddleback, why were you moving my couch around?” MT leaned forward, supporting himself on his arms.
“Well, sir, perhaps the Professor could explain that better than I could. It has to do with the comet.”
MT swung his head toward the Professor, who was standing to his right, and earned a severe wave of nauseating dizziness for his effort. With a quavering moan he grabbed his head with both hands and collapsed back into the cushions.
“The basket, Saddleback. Hurry.”
Saddleback handed him the basket. MT hugged it tight to his chest like a drowning man clinging to a flotation ring. He let his head sag into the wide, round opening and wretched a few times. Finally the world behind his eyes quit spinning and the need to upchuck passed. Slowly and purposefully, he set the basket down and turned his face toward the knees of Lowgoss. Peter, kind man that he was, knelt down in front of him so they could talk eye to eye. Saddleback grabbed an armchair for Krystal and then knelt beside Lowgoss.
“Now then, professor,” MT said when he had regained some stability, “tell me about the comet and what it has to do with my chin.”
“I’ll give you the short version, sir,” said Lowgoss. “We can discuss the longer version when you feel up to it. We don’t really know anything about the comet other than that it has inexplicably turned toward Earth. Its course deviation seems to have no natural cause, so Agent Trumble and I have concluded that it is most likely an alien spacecraft. Your vibrating chin seems to confirm it. When you turn your chin toward the Communications Room, the vibrations intensify, do they not?”
“Yes. Yes, blast it all.”
“Would you mind showing us?”
“Why? What does it have to do with anything?”
“Please, sir,” said Lowgoss. “It may be very important. Just turn your head.”
MT stared at Lowgoss with a mixture of dread, annoyance and fear, then scooted forward to the edge of the couch, doing as they asked. As his chin swung northward the vibrations clearly increased. When his chin faced full on north by northwest, pointing just a tick to the left of the Com Room door, the vibrating reached a fevered pitch and MT fell backward with a guttural cry, his eyes wide and frightened.
“Hold still please, Governor,” Lowgoss encouraged. He looked at MT’s quavering chin from every angle, then reached out and touched it. It felt like it had a life of its own, emanating energy and vitality.
“Mr. Saddleback, you were right. I can see it moving.”
He put his ear close to MT’s mouth. “Yes, yes, I can hear it. This is most extraordinary!”
“What’s it saying?” Krystal whispered.
“It’s not saying anything. It’s just humming.”
“Really? It must not know the words,” she said.
MT tried to roll his eyes, but almost passed out with the effort.
“Would somebody PLEASE make her shut up?” he groaned.
Saddleback, suppressing a smile, looked at Krystal, put a finger to his lips and motioned for her to ‘shh.’ Krystal, not even trying to hide her smile, winked at Saddleback and ‘shh’ed.
Lowgoss lightly grasped MT’s chin and turned it to the right. The vibrating lessened. He turned it back again and the vibrating increased. He turned it to the left: lessened. He turned it back: increased. He did this two or three more times until MT slapped his hands away with an anguished cry, turned completely around facing south and passed out.
Saddleback, Lowgoss and Krystal each pulled a chair up to the couch and sat down to wait for him to wake up.

Scene 3
Several minutes later, MT stirred again.
“Dear God,” he gasped. “Saddleback, can’t you make it stop?”
“Apparently not, sir,” said Saddleback, standing and moving into MT’s line of sight. “I’m sorry.”
“Well why not?” MT groaned. “What’s causing it? What does it mean?”
“I don’t know, sir,” said Saddleback.
“I think I do,” said Trumble as he opened the Com Room door. He and the two security men joined the group beside the couch. “You might want to hold on to your chairs, folks. I’ve been in touch with the White House, the Aeronautical and Space Department, and the National Security Department. The ASD confirms that it is an alien craft of some kind. It definitely turned deliberately and it’s definitely heading for Earth. Here’s the kicker – they project that at its present vector and distance, it will probably land somewhere in this State. They won’t know for sure until it gets closer. If it’s being steered by an intelligent life form, as we suspect, the driver, whoever or whatever it is, may choose to change course and land it anywhere.
“And it’s picked up speed, considerably. At its present rate, it’s expected to reach us in a little over three days. The NSD is sending a special team to handle the situation from right here, at least until it changes direction again. We’re also being sent an agent from the Planetary Emergency Response Service. As representatives of the PERS and the DIA, he and I will serve as liaison between the Governor’s office, the Feds and the Special Teams. He’ll be here tonight. In fact, they’ll all be here tonight. Until they arrive, the President himself has asked that we keep this strictly confidential. He doesn’t want to scare the public. Once the Special Teams arrive, they will handle the media and all press releases.
“About your chin vibrations, Governor Heade – they appear to be linked to the comet. The ASD turned their scopes toward it when it changed course and their sensors report that the comet is emitting vibrations in pulses, just like your chin, sir. And they started at almost exactly the same time. We don’t know what it means, but they are connected.”
“So how do I get disconnected?” demanded MT.
“I really don’t know,” said Trumble. “I imagine we’ll have to wait until the comet gets here to find out what’s going on.”
“And until then, what am I supposed to do, just lie on the couch?”
“Well sir,” said Saddleback, “Mrs. Murdock has people to feed back in Mule Elk, but I think the Professor would be valuable to have around, if you would like to invite him to stay.”
“Of course, of course,” agreed MT. “Mr. Howard, Mr. Douglas, drive Mrs. Murdock back to Mule Elk. Professor Lowgoss, your presence would be welcome, at taxpayer expense, of course.”
“Now you just hold on here one cotton picking minute,” Krystal protested as she jumped to her feet. “What makes you think I’m going back to Mule Elk? If we’re all going to die in three days,” she looked at Lowgoss, “I’d rather stay here with you.”
“I’d love your company, my dear,” said Lowgoss, also rising, “but none of us are going to die.” He took her hands and looked deeply into her eyes. “And even if we were, it wouldn’t be for another three days, and I’m sure your normal customers will get hungry in that time. Besides, you’ve got grandbabies to look after. Am I right?”
Krystal nodded. “Yeah, I guess. OK, I’ll go. But if it looks like we’re all going to die, I want to be brought right back here pronto. Deal?”
“Of course, Mrs. Murdock,” said Saddleback. “I’ll see to it myself. Gentlemen, if you would, please.”
“Oh, and Mrs. Murdock,” MT said.
“Yeah?”
“I don’t need to tell you that this is a very sensitive situation.” He stopped for a moment to rub his forehead. “You need to keep it strictly confidential. That means you tell no one about the true nature of this comet. Do you understand?”
“Of course I understand. I’m not the stupid one in this conversation.”
That said, she turned on her heel and marched out of the office in front of Howdy and Doody, leaving behind a scowling Governor, a smirking aid, a surprised DIA agent and a besotted professor.
“Governor,” said Saddleback. “You get some rest. When you feel stronger, the four of us need to do some planning.”
MT leaned back onto the couch without protest and blacked out. Saddleback covered him with a blanket and then he, Trumble and Lowgoss retired to the conference room and the bottle of scotch.
CHAPTER 10
Day 8
Sunday, Part 1

Scene 1
The Capitol was astir. It was noon and folks were pouring out of churches, their ears still ringing from impassioned sermons. Some had been pro-aliens and some had been con-aliens, but all had been filled with admonitions to ‘keep your heads’, ‘stay calm’, and ‘be safe,’ which were good things to admonish as things around the city were becoming quite chaotic.
Over the last three days, people had poured into the city by the car loads, plane loads, train loads, tram loads and truck loads. They were standing, sitting, kneeling, lounging, lying, pacing, walking, running, loitering, and lollygagging in, on and atop every available square foot, and filling beyond legal capacity every hotel, motel, campground, boarding house, boat slip and parking lot. And more were arriving every minute.
When the local churches opened their doors for services, those who had not yet found a place to sit/kneel/lounge flooded in, looking for an empty seat. It was a preacher’s dream turned into a nightmare as the transient worshippers took over every pew, aisle, and foyer in every church, chapel, sanctuary, synagogue, mosque, monastery, and mission.
When the preachers finished extolling God’s opinion of the aliens, the congregants poured out into the streets only to find the town even more crowded – except for the parts taken up by the State Government offices and the immediately adjoining business district. Those areas looked deserted save for the densely packed pockets of local, national and international reporters and for the small cluster of officially authorized people huddled together in People’s Park directly across from the Capitol building. The State Guard had moved everyone else outside the evacuation zone.
Reinforced by soldiers from the nearby army base, the State Guard, stood three deep, shoulder to shoulder in a giant zigzagging circle which measured approximately one mile in diameter with the Capitol Building at the center. The outer ring of soldiers, charged with keeping people out of the zone, faced outward. They had their weapons slung across their backs so as not to excite the crowd or risk accidently shooting anyone. The two inner rings of soldiers faced inward with weapons in hand and at the ready.
Oh yes, there was one other thing that set this day and this town apart. It was the comet Heade-Lowgoss, which proved to be no comet at all and which now hovered a scant two inches above the tip of the spire projecting skyward from the middle of the Capitol Building dome.
The space craft was not quite round, measured almost a quarter-mile wide, had no discernable front or back or top or bottom, spun slowly and continuously on all three axes, and emanated constant pulsing vibrations.. It was a vivid, almost translucent yellow and seemed to be composed of bulbous blobs and globs haphazardly stuck together. Sitting atop the Capitol Building spire, it looked very much like a giant popcorn ball on a stick.
This abstraction was not lost on local entrepreneurs, who quickly whipped up massive batches of popcorn balls on sticks of their own. By 9am, they were hawking UFO Pops, Comet Crunchers, Martian Balls, Space Snacks, Cosmic Candy, Alien-Aters, etc. to the hungry assembled masses. Initially, sales were brisk and every person who ate one seemed to enjoy it. This was hardly surprising. After all, how could someone possibly screw up a popcorn ball?
As the morning wore on, however, the intensity of the vibrations increased and a noticeable shift occurred in the tenor of the gathering crowd. They still bought as many popcorn balls on sticks as before, but they no longer consumed them with a festive air. Instead, they began to nibble with a constraint bordering on reverence, as though to eat a treat were an act of worship.
As the curious crowd closed in on the outer circle of soldiers, they stopped eating their popcorn balls altogether and held them above their heads as though seeking a holy blessing. There was no panic, no urgency, no fear; no one cried in terror or screamed in protest; no one took a swing at a fellow congregant or soldier. No group protested or marched, although plenty showed up prepared to do just that; no nut jobs set themselves on fire, although a few brought their cans of gas; no end-of-days cultists bowed in homage, although several were dressed in full homage regalia; no religious fanatics carried signs pronouncing judgment, although many brought signs and placards; no Born-Again firebrands tried to save condemned souls, although many had brought their tracts and give-away Bibles. Instead, there was only silence.
In the circle, no one talked, no one cried, no one chanted, no one sang. The babies, the children, the adults were all silent, all focused on the alien orb. The people coming from church chattered excitedly until they came within shouting distance of the human ring, then they too went mute. In and around the circle all was quiet. Even popcorn ball sales were conducted without words. Someone would hold out a dollar bill, the seller would take it and hand over a treat, paying no heed whatever to flavor or color, then the buyer would take a place in the ring.
Though the crowd seemed transfixed, it was not immobile. It was placidly but persistently pressing forward. Every person in the crowd was pushing in unison like a single entity, striving to reach the space craft. And they were all noticeably vibrating.
The vibrations didn’t erase minds or turn people into the walking dead, and they caused neither nausea nor discomfort. Rather, they seemed to have a calming effect, acting as an agent of focus and inducing a unified state of willful stupor. In this condition, the crowd saw nothing save the orb, and it called to them like cosmic flames attracting zombified moths.

Scene 2
The soldiers who composed the protective ring would have stood transfixed as well were it not for the headphones they wore.
Almost 24 hours earlier, vibrations emanating from the alien craft became discernable to everyone within 100 miles of the Capitol, causing a host of odd reactions. Less than 50 miles from the Capitol, a military base lost all discipline when the vibrations affected the soldiers by making them progressively stupider. Hour by hour their stupefaction became more pronounced. Soon Colonels barked at Majors, who in turn barked at Captains, who then barked at Lieutenants, who of course barked at non-com’s to do something about it.
With the vibrations gradually disrupting everyone on base, no work could be done, no training could be conducted, and no marching could be lock-stepped. When postures began to slump and salutes to falter, the upper echelon officers, fighting their own induced states of semi-stupor, almost reached their breaking points.
The base commander was no exception. A rugged man of rigid discipline, he fought the vibrations with every ounce of his resolve. Five hours after the base had devolved into chaos, he decided to fight his apathetic, apoplectic fugue by leaving his office and marching around barking orders at non-com who looked like they needed a good jacking up.
One such person was a lowly private who wore, in addition to the standard daily uniform, and in complete disregard of the military dress code, a bright yellow music player on his hip and purple headphones on his ears.
The commandeer veered in his direction and then noticed something odd. The young man had no trouble snapping off sharp salutes. As he passed each frazzled officer, his spine would straighten and his hand would quickly and properly touch the brim of his cap. Such behavior on any other day would have been completely normal. However, on that day, the young man’s behavior was in glaring contradiction to everyone else’s.
Curious, the commander stepped into his path and inquired as to how he alone was able to resist the vibrations. The soldier couldn’t hear him with the headphones in place, so he respectfully removed them and immediately slouched over. After evaluating the situation, the commander reached out and re-applied the headphones to the soldier’s ears. The soldier immediately stood erect and asked the commander to repeat his question. The commander removed the headphones and the soldier slouched again. On – erect; off – slouched; on – erect; off – slouched; a definite cause and effect.
The commander put the headphones on his own ears and the vibrations instantly clicked off. He could still feel them, sort of, but they no longer had any power over him. Excited by his discovery, he turned to his aide-de-camp, who slouched and drooled behind him, and in so doing, disconnected the headphones from the music player fastened to the soldier’s hip. As soon as the plug came out, the vibrations and their unsettling affects instantly returned. He confiscated the player, attached it to his own hip and reinserted the plug. Straight away, the vibrations and their effects quelled. He turned the player off and they returned. He turned it back on and they left again.
“Soldier!” he demanded. “What are you listening to here?”
“Sir, the Best of the Carpenters, sir.” He may have been slouching and drooling, but he still knew how to answer a senior officer.
“Son, that’s hardly soldier-grade music!”
“Yes sir. I mean, no sir. I mean…”
“Then why are you listening to it?” the Commander demanded. “Why aren’t you listening to real soldier music by manly men like Barry Sadler, C. W. McCall, Waylon Jennings, Johnny Cash, Ronald Reagan, Ted Nugent…?”
“Um, sir, I think Ronald Regan was a President.”
“Are you sassing me boy?!” the Commander roared.
“No sir!” For a moment, he almost stopped slouching.
“Then answer my question!”
“It’s the only music that stops the vibrations, sir.”
“You’ve tried others?”
“Yes sir.”
“With no success?”
“No sir.”
“Not even Ronald Regan?”
“Sir, I told you, he wasn’t a musician.”
“Blasphemy! Drop and give me 20.”
The soldier dropped to his belly and sluggishly performed the repetitive reprimand while the commander considered the new intelligence. It was sissy music by any respectable military measure, but it seemed to suppress the disruptive aspects of the vibrations.
“On your feet, soldier,” he said when the count hit 20. The soldier got to his feet and held out his hand for the music player. “Get yourself another one. This one has been commandeered by the US Army. You are dismissed.”
Turning to his aide, the commander ordered, “Find some more of these music things with earphones. Make them play The Best of the Carpenters and get one for every soldier on this base. Got it?”
“Yes sir.”
“Good. Do it now.”
“Yes sir.”
“And for goodness sake, make them army green.”
“Yes sir.”
So it was that every soldier within the ring wore military headphones and listened to the Carpenters on a continuous loop, with all breaks between songs and all instrumental lead-ins, exits, segues and bridges removed.
With Karen Carpenter’s voice streaming ceaselessly into their ears, the soldiers were freed from the grip of the vibrations and were able to do their jobs with focus and efficiency. Of course, with Karen Carpenter’s voice streaming relentlessly into their ears, most of the soldiers were grimly but doggedly going about their duties, longing for the moment when they could remove the blasted headsets, turn off the dreaded music and gleefully resume slouching and drooling.
The remaining small percentage of soldiers, with Karen Carpenter’s voice streaming blissfully into their ears, found that life between the earphones was sweet and service was a joy, thus rendering ineffective the official Don’t-Ask-Don’t-Tell policy. Fortunately, both groups of soldiers, irritated and serene, took their task of protecting the populace very seriously and the giant ring held its position.

Scene 3
News of Heade-Lowgoss being a real-life and for-true alien spaceship had broken just hours after the DIA had observed it changing course on Wednesday. MT and the assembled task force had hoped for three days of media silence, but realistically had expected no more than three minutes. They had ended up with almost half a day to prepare before the panic began and the phones started ringing.
This half-day grace period was due not so much to the tight security measures ordered by the task force as to the fact that no one in the media had really planned on reporting about the comet. Even The National Inquisitator, which normally claimed every comet was a UFO, had passed this one off as non-newsworthy since it wouldn’t be visible in night sky. The yawn-fest continued even after Heade-Lowgoss had changed course because no one ever really trusted anything leaked from MT’s office. Eventually a few reputable scientists confirmed the bizarre tale, at which time every news organization went bonkers.
Agent Trumble’s counterpart, one Carter Faire from the Planetary Emergency Response System, had shown up a couple of hours before the storm hit. Between the two of them, Faire and Trumble, aided by Saddleback and Lowgoss, helped the slightly woozy Governor map out a viable plan for dealing with the comet should it indeed land somewhere within his jurisdiction. Shortly thereafter, the DIA pin-pointed the landing spot, absent any further change in course or speed, as the Capitol Building itself.
This news disturbed every member of the task force except agent Faire. As a child, Faire had dreamed of communicating with an alien being. He had watched every movie that dealt even remotely with aliens or space travel and had spent more nights than he could count locked in a room with his nerd buddies developing and speaking imaginary tongues from unknown races living on undiscovered planets. Now in his twenty-seventh year, he still had no social life and had never been on a real date with an actual girl, but he was conversant in at least 12 pretend languages, including Zpnctx, Ah-choosenum and *)(#.
Despite his lifelong obsession, Faire had never allowed himself to believe this day would come. He had secretly entertained the nightmare that all his dreaming was for naught, that he really was as whacko as his fellow PERS agents claimed, that he would die a bitter, old man in some obscure sanatorium for indigent geeks. Now, standing in the center of People’s Park with Governor Heade, Saddleback, Howdy, Doody, Professor Lowgoss, Mrs. Murdock and Agent Trumble beside him, his fears were about to be officially retired.
As the last chime of noon sounded from the People’s Park carillon, the relentless vibrations which had plagued MT and his chin for five days, and everyone else for just a little over one, stopped. They didn’t wane or fade or diminish – they just stopped. One micro-moment there, the next micro-moment not, and to impressive effect. The zombified people pressing against the outer circle of Carpenter-reinforced soldiers lurched back in unison, as though a giant tether had snapped. For a moment, silence echoed within the vast circle, and then the peaceful assemblage collapsed into chaos. Some people blinked up at the spacecraft in a panic, uncertain of where they were, what was happening or what was coming next. Some retched forward, creating impressive abstract bio-art on the clothes of those in front of them. Others held their popcorn balls in, but swayed and staggered as though drunk and disoriented. A handful passed out cold. Some clutched their loved ones close, some sank to the ground sobbing and some just ran away.
The little group in the center was faring somewhat better. Only MT had passed out, which is always an improvement no matter where or when it happens. Doody upchucked a bit onto Howdy and Krystal tilted against Lowgoss, but all in all the effects of the sudden stillness were minimal. As official representatives of the human race, they were far too overwhelmed in their roles as Earth’s ambassadors to pay much attention to their physical discomfort.
A shout gave the first clue that something was happening to the spacecraft. It quickly echoed into a roar and punctuated by multiple thousands of trembling fingers pointing toward the alien ship. Lowgoss, turning his attention from the alarmed crowd, at first saw no difference. The craft was still there, mere inches above the spire of the dome, looking like a mottled, giant, somewhat stale Halloween treat. Then he noticed it had stopped spinning. As he watched, a small patch on the lowest, closest blob directly in front of him began to change shape. In seconds it went from flat to wrinkly to concave, resembling something close to an open hatchway.
The crowd gasped, rippling backwards. Many more turned and fled. Those who remained either gaped in stunned silence or demanded that the military open fire. All three rings of soldiers, Karen Carpenter still relentlessly and/or blissfully streaming into their ears, turned to face the threat with rifles raised, safeties off, and fingers on triggers.
Something moved inside the hatchway, visible even to those in the circle a half-mile away. Finally, from the lip of the hatchway, whatever it was began to…
CHAPTER 11
Day 5-8
Thursday-Sunday, Part 1

Scene 1
Before we go much further, perhaps we should backtrack a bit and talk about why Krystal was in People’s Park standing next to Lowgoss instead of in Mule Elk flipping griddle cakes.
After Howdy and Doody returned Krystal to her house in Mule Elk, they reminded her to keep everything she knew confidential and set off again for the Capitol. Krystal immediately called each of her kids to let them know she was back. This took longer than expected because she first had to tell them she had been gone. The mad dash out of Mule Elk had happened so quickly the day before that she’d had no time to tell anyone other than O-Jay much of anything, and he hadn’t yet got around to spreading the word. No matter. She was back in Mule Elk safe and sound and she had a great story to tell.
She began with Howdy and Doody at the diner. She moved from there to the excitement of the impromptu journey. Warming to her story, she described the extravagance of the hotel suite, the elegance of the restaurant and the enjoyment of the professors company. She hinted at her attraction to her dinner companion and her hopes for the remainder of the evening, but moved on when her offspring cried, as each in turn did, ‘Too much information!’
Her recitation of the press conference seemed rehearsed, which it was. She related only what the media had heard, exactly as MT had ordered. On the one hand, this caused a bit of consternation for Krystal because she desperately wanted to talk about what was really happening, especially since it wasn’t every day that a bunch of interstellar aliens came calling in an ersatz comet. On the other hand, by sticking to the script, she was able to gloss through the press conference and get back to the most pressing subject: Peter Lowgoss.
Krystal was in the middle of her professorations to her oldest daughter Krystal-Anne when the pounding started on her front door. Before she could put the phone down and answer the knock, more pounding began on her back door. The front door pounding started first, so she put her daughter on hold and answered it.

Scene 2
“Gracious, O-Jay,” she said as she swung the door wide. “What’s wrong?”
“I saw you on TV, ma!” he exclaimed, striding into her living room. “Are you OK? Is it going to land here? Why didn’t you tell us the truth?”
“What are you…? Just a moment, dear.” She went through her kitchen to the back door, which still had someone pounding on it, and yanked it open.
“Mabel Larson, you quit bashing in my door! What has gotten into you, girl?”
Mabel Larson, her backyard neighbor across the alley for more than 20 years, brushed past her into the kitchen. “I saw you on TV! What do you know about them? Are they coming here? What were you doing with the professor? I just can’t believe it’s happening! Have you slept with him yet? Hi, O-Jay. How’s the wife and kids? Oh Krystal, what are we going to do? What do they want?”
“What!?!” cried O-Jay. “You’re sleeping with him? Hi, Mrs. Larson. Their fine, thanks. Yeah, what do they want!?!
“Hush now, the both of you,” Krystal ordered. “I’m on the phone with Krystal-Anne.”
“Hon,” she said into the receiver, “I’ll call you back a little later. What? No, I didn’t lie to you. I’m not sleeping with him! What? You watch your mouth, young lady!”
She hung up and turned back to her son and neighbor.
“Now what are you both going on about?”
When they launched in stereo, she held up a stern hand. “Owen” she looked at her son through her eyebrows. “You start.”
“I was watching TV when you called,” he began. “After you hung up, they broke into my program and announced it. There you were, right on the television standing next to that Lowgoss guy. Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I told you the comet…”
“Not the comet, ma! The Martians! The Martians!”
“Oh Lordy,” she breathed, closing her eyes. “It’s started.”
“What’s started, Krystal?” Mabel asked.
“It’s out of the bag now, so I guess it won’t do any harm. O-Jay, get on the phone and get the rest of your brothers and sisters over here pronto. They need to hear this, too.”
“Yes ma’am,” he said, picking up the phone.
“Mabel, you might as well sit. Can I get you a cup of tea while we’re waiting?”
“That would be nice, dear,” Mabel sat, “two sugars and milk, please. Did you really sleep with him?”
“Mabel Larson! Grow up!”
Twenty minutes later, O-Jay sat with his four siblings (in order, that would be Krystal-Anne, Krystal-Lou, Krystal-Eena and Lee Owen, who everyone called Lee-O) and Mabel Larson in Krystal’s front room sipping on tea, coffee or beer while she laid out the whole story.
When she’d finished, there were several questions. “Is it really an alien spaceship?” “Are they coming to take over the world?” “Are we in danger?” “Should we go somewhere safe?” “Did you really sleep with him?” She did her best to answer their questions, except for the last one which she ignored, but the only thing she could tell them was “I don’t know.”
With uncertainty hanging over them, they decided the best thing they could do was to go on living their normal lives. As Krystal-Eena said, trouble would have time enough to pester them once it got there.
The impromptu meeting broke up and an impromptu barbeque broke out. Husbands, wives and children were summoned, Lee-O was sent to the store for supplies, O-Jay ran home to fetch elk steaks, Mabel Larson ran home to make her famous macaroni salad and Krystal went to her kitchen to prepare everything else. Ninety minutes later, with everyone seated outside around three large picnic tables, they thanked God for the feast, prayed for their safe keeping and fell to eating.
The Murdocks had always gotten along well, but that day they ate more than just elk steaks and macaroni salad. That day, they feasted on their relationships, sitting just a little closer to each other, drinking in every spoken word and filling themselves with every possible emotional connection just in case it was the last meal they ever got to share.
When it was over and the sun had set, they were reluctant to head home. An impromptu pajama party would have broken out had not Krystal insisted that 27 people strewn all over her house and yard would not be normal living. That declared, she hugged them all and kicked them off her property.

Scene 3
On Thursday morning, Krystal opened her diner right on schedule and found herself serving breakfast to a much larger crowd than normal. Almost everybody in Mule Elk wanted to know what she knew and they crowded into her diner to ask her. Being a practical minded business owner, she refused to tell a thing to anyone who wasn’t ordering. At 7:15 she called her daughters for help and two of the three came in.
Krystal’s Diner had its busiest morning ever, and Krystal was glad for it. Being busy meant she had little time to dwell on the comet/alien spaceship, which was a good thing because each time she thought about it she got the jitters, which made pouring coffee refills a very unpopular contact sport.
As the crazy morning progressed, Krystal pared her story down to eight terse lines: ‘Professor Lowgoss – you know him, he eats breakfast here – discovered a comet. I went with him to his press conference. No, we’re not dating. It changed direction all by itself and now it’s headed straight for Earth. What can I get you, hon? Might be aliens, we don’t really know. Bacon or sausage? I’m sure we’ll be fine. You want toast?’ When pressed for more details, Krystal told them she’d have more to say come lunch time - which she did.
When the diner’s doors finally closed for the day, Krystal and her daughters had prepared more food and served more customers than any of them cared to remember, and made more money than they ever imagined possible. With grateful hugs all around, Krystal sent her daughters home to their families and took herself home for a well-earned rest.
As it turned out, resting was not on the menu for Krystal. Just before dinner time, O-Jay showed up with family in tow to check on her and soon the rest of her brood arrived in like fashion. She figured they weren’t there to check in on her so much as to check in with her. The possibility of total planetary annihilation was quite sobering, so they each received a hug and a reassuring word then she put them to work.
Watching her family prepare dinner, Krystal thought about her late husband. Owen Lee would have been proud of them. They were a loving bunch, given to hard work and hard play, ready to help whenever called and uncowed by the unknown. The world was better because they existed, and it scared her to think that in two or three days, they could all be gone. Owen Lee would have been a great comfort to her at that moment. He would have put a burly arm around her and said, “Don’t sweat it babe. I’d never let anything happen to my best gal. We’re going to be OK. You’ll see.”
Now, with Owen Lee gone and Heade-Lowgoss heading straight for them, she was no longer sure things would ever be OK again.

Scene 4
The phone rang.
“Hey ma,” Lee-O yelled from the porch. “It’s that guy you slept with. You want me to tell him to buzz off?”
“I never…” she began in protest. The laughter, wolf-whistles and cat-calls drowned her out. Krystal marched to the porch, snatched the phone out of Lee-O’s hand, gave him a glare that would have boded very poorly for his backside if he had been younger and snapped him a smart one with her dishtowel as he ducked away.
She cleared her throat. “Hello,” she croaked. “This is Krystal.”
“Krystal, what have you been telling people over there?” Lowgoss asked. “I’m incredulous.”
“Nothing! At least nothing the news didn’t already tell them…I mean, my family is here and…” she spluttered.
“Did I hear correctly? We slept together? I must be a sound sleeper. I don’t seem to recall it.”
“That was my son and he was just being an idiot,” she protested, but got no farther before Peter’s full-throated laughter cut her off. “Well, I never…”
“No, no, please, Krystal,” he gasped. “After the day I’ve had, laughter is a tonic.” He took a deep breath. “Thank them for me when you set them straight, would you? On second thought, don’t. Let them think what they want. That’ll give me something more to chuckle about.”
“Why are you calling, Peter,” she asked, getting to business. “Is it about the…about what we’ve been hearing on the news? You know, I didn’t say a word, just like the Governor told me. I didn’t tell anybody. I don’t know how they…”
“No, Krystal, it wasn’t you,” he reassured her. “The press found about it from several sources. How are you doing?”
“I’m fine,” she said. “Diner’s going crazy, though. Folk’s came from as far away as the coast just to ask me if it was true. I told them I wouldn’t talk about aliens to anyone unless they bought my food.”
Lowgoss laughed again. “Bravo, my dear woman! Bravo! Way to seize the opportunity. Occupo vicis!”
“OK, whatever. How are you, Peter?”
“Busy! We’re up to our knickers in red tape. It’s stunning how many bureaucrats have to liaise with untold agencies just to get clearance to receive alien visitors.”
“So it’s confirmed? They are aliens?”
“They have to be. Nothing else adds up. And did you hear? If it stays on course, it will be landing here in the Capitol in just a little over two days, right around 8am Sunday morning, as near as can be figured.”
“Yeah, I heard. It was on the news.”
“As if that wasn’t excitement enough for my old heart, get this – the President himself put me in charge of the reception committee. I’m going to greet the aliens when they climb out of their space ship.”
“But isn’t that dangerous!?”
“Probably.”
“Then why do it? Why be there at all? Why not just come back to Mule Elk?”
“Governor Heade….”
“That guy is a total moron.”
“Perhaps, but he’s a bit more addled than usual, I’m afraid. Seems his chin vibrates worse the farther away he gets from the Capitol Building. At around 2000 feet it literally knocks him off his feet.”
“I’ve got no problem with that, but why do you have to stay?”
“I’m in charge, my dear. I have to be here. Besides,” he paused for dramatic effect, “opportunities like this don’t fall out of the sky every day.”
She groaned at the pun and he laughed and then they both sobered again.
“I’m an astronomer and a scientist, Krystal. I must be here when it arrives.”
“Alright then, Peter, I want to be there, too.”
“Krystal, we don’t know anything about that spaceship. It could be dangerous, or radioactive, or…”
“Peter, this is not open for discussion. Mr. Saddleback promised!”
“But your family – what if…”
“My family will be fine. It’s you I’m not sure about.”
“Pardon me?” he said. “My dear woman, I assure you, I’m…”
“For pities sake, Peter, would you just shut up?” She took a breath. “Now you listen here. I lost Owen Lee years ago and I wasn’t there to say good-bye. I’m not going to let that happen again. Do you hear me?”
“Mrs. Murdock,” he argued. “We’ve only know each other a couple of days; we can’t possibly base a relationship on such a little time.”
“What are you talking about?” she demanded. “We’ve known each other a long time.”
“Yes, but…”
“Don’t you ‘but’ me, Mr. Lowgoss. I’ve been feeding you breakfast and lunch for nigh on to a decade. Am I right?”
“Yes, but…”
“You just hold your ‘but’.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“You know what I mean,” she said. “We’ve logged hundreds of hours together, you and me. And between me pouring coffee and you eating, we’ve flirted up a storm. Haven’t we?”
“Yes, but…”
“Dang it, professor, can’t you think of anything better to say than ‘yes, but…’?”
“Well, yes, but…”
“Oh for the love of…” She rolled her eyes. “Listen, just answer me a question – do you flirt with every woman who serves you a meal?”
“No, Krystal, I…I do not.”
“Well, I flirt with all my male customers because it’s good for business and it’s fun, but flirting with you is different. I flirted with you because I looked forward to your company every morning. The day wasn’t right for me if you made your own breakfast at home.”
“Krystal…”
Peter,” she interrupted, “we don’t have a lot of time, so I’m going to lay it out for you. You’re the first man since my Owen died that I wanted to get to know, and I think the first man I’ve met that Owen would approve of. Now, that night we spent together meant a lot to me, and since you come into my diner each morning, I’ve got to believe it meant something to you, too. Did it?”
“Yes,” he admitted. “It did. In fact, in meant a great deal to me.”
She exhaled slowly. “I don’t know how much time we’ll have with that comet thingy coming at us, and I can’t make any promises about where we’ll go together if we survive it, but since that night meant something to both of us, I suggest we spend as much time together as we can before everything changes. Besides, we have to – we already slept together, didn’t we?”
Lowgoss laughed again. “So rumor has it.”
“Make it happen, Peter,” she said. “Make Mr. Saddleback keep his promise.”
“I will. And Krystal?”
“Yeah.”
“Mrs. Lowgoss would have approved of you, too.”
The whistles and catcalls started up again as soon as Krystal hung up the phone. She threatened to send them all home without dessert if they didn’t behave. They did and she didn’t. They spent the next two hours eating three different kinds of pie, two different kinds of cobbler, one amazing triple-layer chocolate cake brought by Mabel Larson and home-made ice cream from the old hand-cranked machine.
Two hours later Lowgoss called her back. Saddleback had agreed to send the Governor’s personal helicopter for her on Saturday at noon. She promised to be ready when it arrived.

Scene 5
Krystal stood in the center of People’s Park next to Lowgoss and held his hand when the giant popcorn ball opened its doors just a few minutes after noon on Sunday.
She gasped when the hatchway appeared. She thought about running away when something moved across the gap. She almost fainted when something began amassing within the recesses of the vessel. Then finally, from the lip of the hatchway, whatever it was began to…
CHAPTER 12
Day 5-8
Thursday-Sunday, Part 2

Scene 1
Before proceeding, one more thing ought to be mentioned. Not so much a thing as a person. The drunk, actually.
When our pathetic friend woke up the morning after he noticed the vibrations, he didn’t have to blink away the blurries to know it was Thursday or that he was on his filthy old mattress in a rickety old shed with only half a roof. He didn’t have to wonder who he was, which direction was up or why he had a hangover. It all was right there on top of his brain.
The unfamiliar sensation of being instantly oriented made him feel quite dis-oriented. Caught in the grip of this orientation-based disorientation, he contemplated throwing up, but then realized that he was thinking about deciding to throw up, which meant he was entertaining a rational and coherent thought, making disgorgement a mental issue and not just a gut reaction, and therefore he could decide not to throw up, which he did. (‘Did’, of course, meaning that he did decide not to throw up, rather than did throw up, which he did not.)
The other thing he noticed was that his body had made friends with the vibrations. They were stronger than yesterday, but they no longer seemed intrusive. Rather, they made him feel, for the first time since High School (“Holy Cow! I went to High School?”), like dancing. And so dance he did.
Jumping up from his mattress, he twirled to the south window and executed a flawless PSD, walking away, for the first time in a very long time, with a totally dry fly. Relieved of excess fluids and reinvigorated by a new-found sense of awareness, he fastened himself up (“These pants have a zipper?”), tucked in his shirttails (“And a belt?”), climbed into his shoes (“I took my shoes off?”) and tied the laces (“I didn’t know I had laces.”) Now properly attired, he do-si-do’d out of his shack to face the day.
Skipping down the alley, he looked up and saw a spectacle which stopped him in his steps.
“The sky is blue!” he shouted. “And the clouds are pretty! And I can almost understand what I’m saying! I want to waltz!”
Without so much as a Straussian thought, he assumed the pose of one dancing with a lush and supple partner and waltzed out of the alley.
He danced to the first corner, around and around, rising and falling, promenading and whisking, sensing his imaginary partner’s gown flowing and fluttering at each turn. When brought up short by the stop sign, he twirled his fantasy gal in place only long enough to ensure a safe crossing. Gathering her hem in his left hand, he polkaed across to the other side and continued dancing toward the highway.
Once there, he switched to the Tango, employing the power of the swoop to pluck pop cans from the ground. Swirling out their rancid contents in broad arcs, he crushed them on cue, pocketing them before swooping again.
“The grass is green!” he shrieked with glee after one such swoop. “I must do the Schottische!”
It’s rare to have the Schottische and the Tango combined, even in the more confusing stage shows, but he accomplished it with aplomb. He first did the standard step-step-step-hop/step-step-step-hop, following, oddly but somehow rightly, with a swoop that led naturally, after the appropriate swirling, back into step-hop-step-hop-step-hop-hop. In like fashion, he soon cleared a three-mile stretch of all recyclable materials.
As his pockets became full, he began stuffing the cans down the front of his shirt. Once that was full, a proper Tango swoop was impossible, so for the last dozen or so he substituted the Chicken Dance squat to reach them.
Fully encumbered, he cha-cha’d to the recycling center where he traded his bulky burden for a much lighter and smaller $5.00 bill. Pirouetting his thanks to the perplexed man behind the counter, he Lindy Hopped toward the purchase of the best fermented grape juice a fin could buy. With bottled treasure under arm, he set out to find a meal. Using the medium of dance as a new and improved method for eliciting sympathy, he had no problem finding people to throw him a treat or two and soon found his stomach and pockets stuffed with goodies.
He danced his way to the end of the day, and burned more calories in 14 hours than he had burned in the previous three years. At sunset, the vibrations slowly released their hold and the dance marathon wound down. As his exhilaration ebbed, he became aware of how incredibly sore he felt. Exhausted and trembling, he skipped his way back to the shack and collapsed.

Scene 2
Friday morning dawned fresh and lively, beckoning him to embrace the day, and the vibrations in his gut urged him to accept that invitation, but long established habit forced him to squeeze his eyes shut and re-embrace his pillow. On any other day it would have been no contest, but the vibrations were quite determined and within moments he surprised himself by climbing stiffly out of bed.
He ached in a way that made hangovers seem fun. And yet, the more he hurt, the more the vibrations poured vitality into his cells. Soon the need to dance in wild abandon overtook the need to collapse in quivering pain, and who was he to argue? He leapt to his feet, performed another flawless PSD out the west window, jumped into his shoes and bunny-hopped into the light.
With a sense of amazement, and a tiny shred of annoyance, he realized that the vibrations were sustaining him. As he danced, from the Tango to the Mambo to the Virginia Reel and on through the Mashed Potato, the Macarena, the Electric Slide and the Jitterbug, he felt them strengthening him. The more he danced, the stronger he grew. Slowly, a creeping sense of euphoria enveloped him and he felt nothing beyond the rhythm that moved his feet.
He discoed without discomfort down the opposite side of the road from the day before, swooping up another large haul of recyclables. From there, he rocked and rolled to the recycling center, then to the liquor store and then to the park on the edge of town, where he drained his bottle. He danced to all the restaurants and diners that routinely gave him free meals, eating more than he had Tuesday morning and burning it off as he went. He danced to the outhouses, to the truck stop and to the campgrounds, all the while seeking hand-outs. When he had mooched enough, he danced back to the liquor store and grabbed another bottle. Gulping as he went, he danced back to his shack and, as the last drop drained down his gullet, collapsed unconscious on to his mattress.

Scene 3
Saturday dawned as bright and welcoming as Friday, which horrified the poor wretch who writhed in pain on the weathered mattress. He felt the vibrations compelling him to rise and dance, knew they would supply all the strength necessary to boogie the day away, knew they would make him feel better with each passing movement, but also knew that when the dancing ended, they would do nothing to ease the agony that would follow.
On Thursday, he had found the irresistible dance exhilarating. On Friday, he had met the call to dance with a groan, but recovered his enthusiasm once he started moving. By Friday night the honeymoon was over. Though the vibrations had infused him with stamina beyond his wildest dreams, desperation had been his last partner. Now, with Saturday dawning bright and his body aching worse than ever, the call to dance felt like a condemnation.
He decided to ignore it. How hard could that be? All he had to do was stay in bed. He wouldn’t even get up for the requisite PSD. No sir! Mattresses dried out. He’d proved it time and again. Done and done; he had decided.
He remained supine, a defiant appendage of the mattress, resolute and rigid – except for his right foot, which seemed to be doing an oddly sideways soft shoe.
No! No soft shoe, no tap, no shuffle, no Samba; just stillness.
He forced his right foot to comply and once again lay unmoving – except for his left hand, which was doing a vigorous jive.
He grabbed his flapping left wrist with his right hand and squeezed it into submission, only to have his right hip fling him sideways with a lusty swivel.
Foiled in his attempts to wrest control from the vibrations, he lurched to his feet with a roar of indignation that came out in perfect tempo. He tried to shake himself free, but his shoulders only shimmied in cadence.
It was no use.
He couldn’t beat it, so he resigned himself to joining it. After performing a shaky yet up-tempo PSD, he swept into the sunlight, hoping that somewhere, somehow he could – please God! - rid himself of his affliction.
“Hey! Here he comes! Look! Look! He’s doing the Merengue.”
With horror, the drunk found many of the good folks of Mule Elk gathered around the shack to witness his first steps of the morning.
On Thursday the town folk weren’t sure what to make of his new thing. They had come to view his usual stumbling and staggering as normal and necessary. After all, every village had to have a local drunk wobbling around, making every other citizen appear acceptable by comparison. But a town drunk who danced his way through the day? Now that was just plain odd, and a touch creepy.
On Friday, everyone kept an eye out for the drunk, and when he appeared, dancing even more wildly than the day before, they began to make phone calls to friends, family, and newspapers. By Friday evening, he was almost as big a story as the coming alien spacecraft, and people flocked from all over to see the spectacle. Without any intention to do so, he had become a celebrity.
His first sashay into the Saturday sunlight elicited cheers and whistles, which brought him to a whirling lurch three feet from his doorway. He would have fallen had a few reckless souls not ventured close enough to risk a PSD shower. Fortunately for them, the drunk had chosen the opposite window, and fortunately for the drunk, they were still in position to act as his personal bumper guards. He bounced off his dry saviors, much to their gleeful disgust, and discoed down the corridor of gawkers toward the freedom of the town’s main boulevard.
Much to his annoyance, the crowd followed. He switched to the Hustle in hopes of gaining some distance, but realized too late that the Hustle has as many backward steps as forward, and within moments the older fans in the crowd, those who remembered the old disco phenomenon,  quickly lined up to dance with him. It made them feel like teenagers again, and even his reeking aroma couldn’t stop them from hustling with abandon. Considering that no one but the drunk heard the music, this sight was creepier than his dancing alone.
As soon as he was able, he switched to the Conga. This also failed, as the Conga is a line dance where everyone puts their hands on the hips of the person in front and progresses forward in serpentine fashion. This is a great dance for grabbing a feel or developing instant intimacy, but totally ineffective for creating space.
Bleating out an exasperated sob, the drunk switched to the Buffalo Shuffle and broke free of the throng. They shuffled after him, still shrieking and laughing, and probably would have followed him all the way to the highway had the manic mess not surged past Krystal’s Diner.

Scene 4
Hearing the fracas coming her way, Krystal looked up from serving another inquisitive non-regular in time to see the clearly terrified drunk shuffle past, with the cheering and jeering crowd just steps behind.
Krystal had seen the drunk twice the day before, once doing the Hokey Pokey and once an odd variation of the Bump and Grind, and had given him a meal to go, thinking nothing more if it. It was a free country and a fellow could dance as he saw fit.
This, however, was unacceptable.
“Lee-O,” she called to her youngest and largest son.
“What’s up, ma?” Lee-O had shown up earlier that morning to help with the breakfast rush.
“You see what’s going’ on out there?”
“Yes ma’am.”
“You approve?”
“No ma’am.”
“Then let’s do something about it.”
Together they exited the diner and planted themselves between the fleeing drunk and the pursuing crowd. Krystal held up her hands and demanded they stop. They did, not because they were afraid of Krystal and her wooden spoon or of Lee-O who stood behind it, but because Krystal and Lee-O distracted their attention and broke the unifying effect of mob-think.
“Just what in thunder do you people think you’re doing?” Krystal demanded. “Ain’t you got nothing better to do than torment a poor soul?” Grammar tended to go out the window when Krystal got angry.
“We were just dancing with him,” one of them protested.
“No you weren’t,” she shot back. “You were terrifying him. I could hear his crying all the way inside. Now go home and leave him be, or so help me, I’ll whup each one of you! Mind me now! Go on!”
Some in the crowd looked ready to argue, but after a few tense moments, mumbling and grumbling, they began to drift away.
“You might consider taking him a meal now and then,” Krystal hollered. “Wouldn’t hurt you none!”
“What was that all about?” Lee-O asked as the crowd left.
“I don’t know,” Krystal said. “It must have something to do with the vibrations.”
“You feel them too?”
“Everyone in town can feel them. Peter says they have something to do with the spacecraft, but he doesn’t know what.”
“Good to know it wasn’t just me. I thought I was going nuts.”
“You’re not, son,” she reassured, “but those people were so nutty they scared me.”
“Well, ma,” Lee-O said, looking at the empty street. “Scared or not, you’re one forceful lady. No wonder I never back-talked you.”
“Lee-O Murdock!” she slapped his arm. “Since when did you become my obedient child? You just get yourself back to those dishes or I’ll lay a whup on you, too.”
“Yes ma’am” he said.
Krystal stood in the street for a few moments watching the drunk dance down the block. She decided to make sure O-Jay took him a meal after the diner closed. She’d do it herself, but she had a helicopter to catch soon and had much to do before then.
The drunk, oblivious to what Krystal and Lee-O were doing behind him, but grateful that the crowd had stopped pursuing him, two-stepped his way out of town and set about his daily task of collecting a living. He was somewhere in the middle of a somewhat disjointed Swan Lake when the helicopter arrived, and just started a Hora when it departed. By the end of the day he had determined that if the vibrations pressed him into the same horrendous routine tomorrow, he would dance his way to the top of the bluff on the north side of town and do a Whirling Dervish off the summit.
As a drunken wretch, he had never considered such a thing, even though in his more lucid moments he was completely disgusted by his state. It was only when imprisoned by the vibrations that desperation overcame him and tempted him with self-destruction.

Scene 5
Sunday morning dawned and the vibrations were as strong as ever. With a regretful sigh and a pain-wracked moan, he obeyed their promptings and arose. Though he placed little value on his soul or his life, he was still saddened by the knowledge that, one way or another, this would be his last day on Earth. He was really going to miss the taste of hooch.
Laying his cliff-jumping fantasies aside, he allowed himself to be danced around town one more time in search of a soft touch. It was pointless to collect cans as both the recycling center and the liquor store closed on Sundays. His only recourse was to meet a kind local or two and beg them to buy him a can of beer.
This proved to be easier than he thought since he was now a celebrity, sort of. By 10 am he had scored a fifth of Scotch, a six-pack of beer, two bottles of cheap cabernet and three dozen donuts. He ate and drank as he danced. By 11 am, with all the beer, most of the donuts, one bottle of wine and half the Scotch down the hatch, he felt fortified enough to begin the process of ending the torment.
Nudging his dancing feet northward, he was both pleased and a bit disappointed that they obeyed him. Evidently, the vibrations could not read intentions. He did the Swim all the way up the trail, drinking as he went, and polished off the last of the wine as he crested the hill and approached the edge of the cliff.
He was just transitioning to the Whirl in preparation for his final launch when the hatch on the space craft began to open and the vibrations clicked off.
He had no way of knowing that a spaceship had pin-pointed itself above the State Capitol spire, had no inkling that something was moving just beyond the opening or that something was beginning to pour out of the door; he only knew that the vibrations had stopped. They didn’t wane, they didn’t ebb, they didn’t degrade or slacken or fade – they just stopped. And with their cessation, the strings broke. To celebrate his newly granted freedom, he fell flat on his face not three feet from the drop off, slipping into a deep, inebriated sleep.
CHAPTER 13
Day 8
Sunday, Part 2

Scene 1
Now where were we? Oh yes – the hatchway had opened and something inside was moving.
The movement continued for a few moments and then the something, a bright yellow and oddly gooey something, began to pour out. This was very curious as, normally, aliens walk, slither or crawl out of hatchways. Of course, being the first time Earth had officially welcomed an alien vessel, no one knew how to define normal. Also, although the substance pouring out of the craft was alien to the planet, it could not be assumed that the substance was the alien itself. For all anyone knew, the aliens might just be discharging their septic system. Then again, they might be dispersing a plague which would eradicate all earthly flora and fauna. Either way, it wasn’t a pleasing thought.
The small clump of greeters located within the large circles of soldiers and larger circle of gawkers had no way of knowing what was coming their way. The best they could do was hold their ground until the aliens made some form of effort to communicate or forced them to retreat.
Lowgoss and Krystal held hands, determined to meet their end together, if it came to that. Trumble was outwardly cool, but on the inside he was trying not to wet his pants and run screaming out of the park. Faire was trembling like someone had slipped a coin in his slot and was practicing ‘hello’ in every alien language he had ever invented. Howdy and Doody, stalwart to the end, stood between the spaceship and the Governor, who still lay unconscious on the ground. Saddleback, as dependable as ever, ignored the spaceship and knelt next to MT, enthusiastically slapping his face to wake him up.
“Blast it all, Saddleback!” the Governor suddenly roared, flinching away from his persistent aide, “Stop slapping me!”
“Oh good, you’re back,” Saddleback said, slapping one last time for good measure. “Let me help you to your feet. Easy, sir; there you go; here, let me brush the grass off your back.” Saddleback began whacking MT about the shoulders. God alone knew what that stuff was pouring out of the space ship and if it was to be the death of him, he wanted to cuff MT as many more times as possible.
“I said stop it!”
MT, woozy but on his feet, pushed Saddleback away.
“Now then, what’s happening?”
He looked up.
“Dear God, what is that!?!”
Saddleback braced his spineless charge as he began to slump again.
“Steady sir. Steady. The voters are watching.”
The alien goo terrified MT, but the thought of losing an election did so even more, so he took a steadying breath and forced himself to watch the stream pouring from the hatchway.
The stream, which was flowing down the side of the craft toward the Capitol Building spire, was the same bright, translucent yellow as the ship. It was shiny but not wet, oozing more than pouring, like honey instead of lemonade. It appeared granular like sugar or salt rather than viscous like syrup, but even that wasn’t exactly right. When salt or sugar pours from a container, the flow spreads out from the opening to form a cascading shower with blurred dimensions. The flow above them didn’t follow that rule. Instead, it maintained the exact shape of the opening, neither spreading out nor losing its defined edges, like a noodle coming out of a pasta machine. Unlike noodles, however, which are malleable solids rather than firm liquids, and inert, the yellow flow was moving within itself and with an evident determination.
The outer layer emerging from the lip of the hatchway was skittering down, across and beneath the exposed portion, forming itself into the center layer, around which the following outer layer flowed, looking very much like an upside down banana re-peeling itself.
When the flow reached the Capitol spire, it latched on to it and followed it down to the top of the dome, then conformed itself to the curvature of the roof, spreading out into a wide, flat panel that covered every available inch of the dome immediately visible to the reception committee. Within moments it had moved down the columns and stretched across the roof, draping itself in a thin layer across the entire front of the building and flowing on down to the ground.
Maintaining precise boundaries, the goo flowed outward over the walkways, stairs and landscaping, crossed the road which separated the Capitol building from People’s Park and moved intentionally toward the brave little group of greeters standing approximately 1000 feet away. Top layer flowing over and forming into bottom layer, it moved at a purposeful and ceremonious rate of one foot per second.
“What the devil is that stuff?” Krystal asked. She was by nature a very bold person, but the yellow ooze was pushing her limits and her grip on Peter’s hand was becoming lethal.
“I don’t really know, my dear,” he admitted, wrenching his mangled fingers free. He placed his arm around her shoulders where his digits would be safe and drew her close. “It appears to be intelligent, or at least controlled by something intelligent, and it seems to want to reach us. Other than that, I have nothing but guesses.”
Trumble stepped next to Lowgoss. “Sir, m-maybe we should b-back up,” he said.
“No, I think we’re safe here for now.”
“I admire your spunk,” MT shouted from behind Lowgoss, “but wisdom dictates that we should retreat, about a mile or so, I would think.”
“Retreat nothing!” said Faire. “I’m getting closer so I can meet this thing.”
Lowgoss raised his hands, palms outward. “Everybody, stay exactly where you are!” he ordered.
“Horse feathers!” Heade yelled back. “I’m the Governor and I say we go. Now!”
With that, MT turned his chin around 180 degrees from the surging amber tide and set off for the triple-layered ring of soldiers. Before he had taken two steps, a powerful vibration seized his chin, wrenching him off his feet. Screaming and thrashing, he lay on the ground, flailing at his face as though being attacked by a swarm of bees. When he finally screamed, thrashed and flailed around to where his chin was facing the goo again, the attack stopped, leaving MT sobbing face down on the ground.
Saddleback, Faire and Trumble stood with their mouths agape, stunned by the brutality of what they had just seen. Krystal, though equally shocked, had the good sense to put her hand over her mouth. Howdy and Doody pulled their weapons and closed ranks between their charge and the yellow goo, ready to protect their employer from whatever had just knocked him down.
“Governor Heade, look at me,” Lowgoss said in a steady and commanding voice, and MT did, at least he did with the one eye not pressed into the sod. “The rest of you, listen closely!” Lowgoss eyed each of them in turn. “We are not retreating. The vibrations chose each one of us to be here in this exact spot, and as you just saw, they aren’t inclined to let us leave.”

Scene 2
Choosing the members of the greeting party had been a noisy affair. Every political, academic, scientific and ethnic leader had wanted at least one representative included in the inner circle. Every higher-up in the military had wanted to surround that circle with S.E.A.L.s, Green Berets, Commandos, Recons and both the army and the navy football teams. MT himself wanted to include a division of rabid attack dogs, the entire Olympic karate team and a fully dedicated phalanx of Jehovah’s Witnesses missionaries. And then there were the celebrities who wanted a photo op with a Martian…or a Venusian…or whatever they were.
If panic, pride and ego had prevailed, thousands of people would have been included, resulting in utter chaos and absolute disaster. Cooler temperaments prevailed, however, and it was determined that a reception committee of 150 was optimal. Members of the military would take 100 of those positions, MT’s private selections would take 8 more and the remaining 42 would be decided by lottery, with tickets going for $100,000 apiece and all proceeds going to cover the expense of hosting the aliens in the first place.
In the end, however, MT’s chin determined the members of the greeting party.
The chin in question had noticed a steady increase in the vibrations as the space ship neared Earth, which kept MT in a constant state of distress and despondence. The intensity surged toward a sickening crescendo when the spaceship entered Earth’s atmosphere at 7:45 Sunday morning and knocked him off his couch when it came to an abrupt and dramatic halt exactly 2 inches above the Capitol Building spire fifteen minutes later, exactly on schedule. From then on, the vibrations, which had become a manageable hum the moment the spacecraft stopped, lessened whenever MT looked directly at the ship and increased whenever he looked away, the exact opposite of the last four days.
At 9am on Sunday morning, Governor Heade had been escorted to the outer ring along with the seven in his party and the 142 others who had been chosen by special lottery. As he stepped inside the ring, the vexing vibrations instantly abated, becoming almost indiscernible. Howdy and Doody immediately followed and all was still well. When the next person, a politician representing the President, stepped in behind him, the vibrations flared up to a vicious level, MT screamed and fell to his knees, and the cowardly politico fled. The moment he was outside the ring, the vibrations let up again. Next in line was an ethnic appointee, and as he stepped in to the ring the exact same thing happened, with the exact same result.
Acting on a hunch, Lowgoss volunteered to enter the ring next. Nothing happened. The vibrations did not ramp up and MT did not scream. At that point, Lowgoss understood. He informed the security personnel at the ring entrance that the aliens were chin-screening the reception members and asked that they provide a chair so the Governor could sit during the grueling process. Once seated, MT motioned for the process to continue and the candidates commenced stepping into the circle one by one. If he screamed, they fled. If he didn’t, they stayed. This continued until only Saddleback, Trumble, Faire, Lowgoss, Krystal, Howdy, and Doody stood in the ring with him.

Scene 3
“I don’t know if you noticed,” said Lowgoss, addressing the prostrate governor again, “but the moment the vibrations struck you down, that mass of yellow stopped flowing. Go ahead, look at it.”
Saddleback helped MT groan his way into a somewhat upright sitting position and they all turned to look. It was as though an arctic winter had blown in. The yellow ooze was completely frozen in place. Even the rivulets coming down the column connected to the dome were still, their leading edges suspended and sharp, like amber glacial ridges.
“We have no way of knowing if moving closer will bring the same results…” Lowgoss glance at Faire, who nodded his understanding, “…but I think it’s safe to conclude that moving away from it is not acceptable. Like it or not, we are the chosen greeters, so let’s stand up and prepare to receive our guests. Shall we?”
Saddleback helped a very shaky Governor Heade to his feet, whacking grass vigorously off MT’s suit again in the process, and they clumped together, turning once more to face the ship and the amber river.
The flow started again, like pressing PLAY on a paused DVD. Inch by inch, foot by foot, a football field wide and two inches high, the yellow wave advanced across the park. It was still a good 500 feet away from the determined group when the flow stopped pouring out of the space craft. One moment it was discharging and the next it wasn’t, not even bothering to slow to a trickle.
Lowgoss thought it most interesting that the back end of the flow descended at the same sedate pace that the leading edge fell, disintegrating and trickling down the outside of the column until it hit the sheet covering the dome. With a nod to his inner child, he admitted to himself that the whole thing was totally cool.
When it was still 300 feet away, the front of the flowing mass began to narrow, and as it narrowed, it piled higher and moved faster, and as it moved faster, each person in the little group realized at the exact same moment that the flow would reach a point right about where they stood, and since standing in the way of a speeding yellow tsunami seemed unwise at best, the group took one giant, unplanned, unified step backwards. At the exact same moment that the group flinched back, the gelatin juggernaut, which was now 50 feet across, three feet high and still many yards away, stopped. Again.
Though it only lasted for a flicker, and included no vibratory punishment, the interlude was nonetheless quite impressive. The clicking of camera shutters went silent, the crowd of onlookers stopped murmuring, the soldiers stopped hearing Carpenter music, the birds stopped singing, the dogs stopped barking, the breeze quit blowing, the group in the middle quit breathing, and MT’s chin quit quivering. For just an instant, the yellow stuff became anti-vibration itself, seeming to suppress the subatomic tremors of all matter within its direct influence.
A heartbeat later, matter moved again. Ions resumed orbiting, molecules resumed shaking, people resumed breathing, birds resumed singing… and the yellow stuff, still 50 feet across and showing no sign of advancing further or reaching a point, began to rearrange.
It started with a vibration, which should make sense by now. As the tail end of the flow sped toward the main mass, the front edge started quivering. Once the last of the goo made it into the park, it formed a perfectly smooth, perfectly flat, perfectly edged and uniformly shaking three foot high gelatinous trapezoidal block, and the quivering increased. In precise crescendo and ictus, the quivering gave way to a resounding shplorch, and the trapezoid divided into multiple horizontal rows. That done, the rows began to quiver and soon the same shplorch was heard again and again as the rows divided themselves into uniform triangles.
Almost immediately, the next metamorphosis began. Every odd numbered triangle began to disintegrate and flow toward the even numbered triangle to its right. Merging with that triangle, the flow skittered up and began to reform the triangle into a perfect five-point star. When the process completed, taking less than 10 seconds from first quiver to final shape-shift, an array of identical stars measuring exactly five feet high and exactly five feet wide stood facing the welcome committee, looking very much like an army of giant yellow finger gelatin treats.
To say the stars were ‘facing’ the committee might be stretching things a bit. Having never encountered such beings before, it was just as likely the stars were ‘facing’ right, left, up, down or backwards. Since they didn’t have any faces, who could tell? The stars were transparent and devoid of any observable organs, which gave the greeters no targetable focal point.
This rattled Faire. It was his first rattling and he didn’t much care for it. He’d been all a’twitch as the flow made its way to the field, quivering almost as much as the goo with anticipation of the fulfillment of his life’s dream. He had envisioned stepping up to the alien-in-charge, cameras flashing from all angles, and speaking those most historic of all words, “Welcome to planet Earth.” Instead, he stood next to his team mates, blinking in shock.
“I believe it’s your turn, Agent Faire,” Lowgoss murmured.
“To do what?” Faire murmured back.
“To say hello. That’s the plan.”
“Hello to what?” Faire asked aloud, abandoning any pretense of a murmur. “Hello to who? Hello to where?”
“Why not address the one directly in front of you?” Saddleback suggested.
“Yeah? What if I’m talking to its butt? What if it considers that rude? What then?”
“Agent Faire,” said Governor Heade, “You have to say something. You can’t leave them standing there. That would be ruder than talking to their butts.”
“I can’t believe I’m saying this,” said Krystal, “but I agree with the Governor. Just pick one and say something already.”
Faire looked at Lowgoss, who nodded. Reassured, he took a deep breath, singled out the star directly in front of him and marched toward his destiny. He stopped ten feet from the chosen star, focused on a spot where he thought its eyes might be and said, “Hello. Welcome to planet Earth.”
CHAPTER 14
Day 8
Sunday, Part 3

Scene 1
Nothing happened. Ten seconds went by and still nothing happened.
“Welcome to planet Earth,” Agent Faire said again, just a little bit louder.
Thirty seconds passed…then sixty…then ninety. Nothing.
He said it again, enunciating very clearly and speaking very slowly.
Still nothing.
“What do I do now?” Faire called over his shoulder.
Lowgoss and Trumble moved forward to bracket Faire. For several seconds the three men stood in silence, studying the star creatures and searching for some sign of comprehension or connection.
The star creature in front of Lowgoss stood arm-tip to arm-tip with the creatures on either side of it. Identical to every other star creature, it shimmered in a non-wet sort of way. Even though created by the flowing together of tiny particles not much bigger than sand grains, it was completely seamless and smooth. It was see-through, and through it he saw the star creature behind it, and the creature behind that one, and on for several rows. It was absolutely still, not vibrating, not wiggling, not swaying, and completely unaffected by the light breeze that blew through the park. Each of its five arms was exactly the same size, shape and dimension of the others, fitted to the pentagram of its body with no wrinkle, warp or crease. Even the leading edges of its bottom two points were flawless, showing no compression from the weight of the creature pressing into the grass. It was as though it had been poured into a mold, like one ridiculously large yellow glycerin star of soap.
“Perhaps you should say ‘hi’ in a different language,” Krystal suggested in a stage whisper.
“Yes, yes, a brilliant idea,” agreed Lowgoss. “Go on then, Faire, just like you’ve practiced.”
Agent Faire took another deep breath then repeated the greeting in every known language on his list, pausing between each to wait for an answer. He tried French, German, Spanish, Russian, Swahili, Chinese (in both Cantonese and Mandarin), Japanese, Korean, Urdu, Italian, Portuguese, Arabic and others, thirty in all, receiving no response to any of them. Again, silence and stillness prevailed and the two factions resumed staring at each other. At least the greeting committee stared at the stars. No one could really be sure what the stars were staring at, or if they were staring, or even if they could stare for that matter.
The crowd in the outer circle started murmuring, no longer awed and/or amazed by the outpouring of the aliens and their (its?) subsequent division into stars. All that had happened five minutes ago and was now old news. They were ready for the next cool thing. When nothing moved for another five minutes, they became restless. This made perfect sense, considering that an audience is there to observe, to witness, to experience. If nothing is made observable, if nothing requires witnessing, if no experience is offered, the audience becomes functionless and must, according to the laws and mores of audience-hood, initiate such an event. This they did at a point to the left of the stars in the form of a 50-foot wave of disgruntled spectators collapsing in on the barricade of soldiers in their efforts to get closer.
This collapsing, which caught the soldiers off guard, was accompanied by shouts, heckles, jeers and verbal goads, all designed to elicit a response from the star creatures and might well have succeeded had the soldiers not been formed into three rings. The first ring, the one that was supposed to be facing and interacting with the crowd, broke instantly because they had been facing inward, just like the ring of civilians. The second ring heard the shouts of the first ring and managed to turn around before the surge hit. They, too, broke, but not before the third ring had turned, bracing themselves and bringing their weapons to bear.
Coming face to muzzle with some mean looking military hardware seemed to be more than satisfactory entertainment and the now highly interested and very attentive crowd stopped in their tracks to observe, to witness and to experience the moment.
The media, dotted around the outside of the circle in clusters, had a difficult time knowing which way to direct their cameras. The aliens were historic and epic and all, and the reporters certainly didn’t want to miss a moment of the action if something were to happen, but at this point the creatures were holding motionless and, truth be told, boring. Even the loquacious on-air reporters had run out of new and interesting stuff to say. The crowd, conversely, though possessed of a mob mentality older than dirt and therefore adding nothing original to the mix, was, at least for the moment, fascinating. Nothing sold news, and therefore advertising, like blood and mayhem. Like a string of mind-melded marionettes, every camera person swiveled around to capture the bravado of idiots while the idiocy was fresh.
Those of the outer ring who had not broken through the lines found the spectacle to be adequate diversion from the boring stillness of the star people, so they clapped, whistled and hollered their approval.
The breech stirred up the crowd on either side of the revolt for hundreds of yards and the effect sent a ripple of excitement coursing around the gawking ring. Understandably enough, it really wasn’t much of a ring anymore; it was more like a half moon, since by now most every person without a direct line of sight to the star creatures had moved around to the front of the Capitol building where they could see the show. For the next several minutes no one spoke and, except for those stragglers filtering in from the blocked areas, no one moved for fear that in so doing they would miss whatever they were all anticipating.
Agent Faire reached the end of his official greetings with no response from the creature in front of him, or from any of the other creatures either. Every last alien stood frozen and silent. Faire finally resorted to his made up languages. In for a penny, as they say. Once again, nothing happened.
“Now what?” he asked Lowgoss.

Scene 2
“Maybe you should go right up there and touch one of them,” Krystal said.
“Touch one of them?” Faire looked uncertain. “What if that violates some alien code of conduct? What if I offend them? Professor, I don’t think that’s such a good idea.”
“Hmm, yes,” Lowgoss agreed. “It’s probably a very bad idea. I’ll do it.”
“You big wimp,” Krystal said to Faire as she moved to stand next to Peter. “If one of my sons had shown yellow like you, I would have tanned him just on principle.”
“I’m not a coward!” he protested. “I’m just trying to be cautious.”
“You’re trying to send an old man to do your job is what you’re doing.”
“I am not!”
“Krystal,” Lowgoss interrupted, “I appreciate your concern, but Agent Faire is doing exactly what he’s here to do, which is to evaluate the reactions of our guests so we don’t do anything overtly offensive. And I can assure you that I’m not as old as you make me seem.”
Krystal cringed.
“I’m sorry, Peter. I didn’t mean you’re old, I just didn’t want you to get hurt.”
“It’s okay, my dear; I rather like the way you stood up for me.” He reached out and caressed her cheek. She took his hand and held it there for a moment.
“Now then,” he said, turning to face the group, “I know we didn’t anticipate their silence, or their appearance, for that matter, but we’ve gotten nowhere with verbal greetings, so the next logical step is to initiate some form of physical contact. Do you agree, Agent Faire?”
“Yes sir, I do.”
“Agent Trumble, what do you think?
“Well, professor, I don’t think we have much choice. We can’t just stand here looking at them. I say we touch one.”
“Governor?”
“I’m not touching one,” said MT, “but you go right ahead. Just don’t make them mad.”
“Saddleback?”
Saddleback thought it over for a moment, then nodded. “It would be rude in most cultures to remain aloof. Some cultures might even conclude that we were afraid of them if we didn’t offer some kind of physical contact, and that would be a sign of weakness. I agree with Agent Trumble. I don’t think we have any choice.”
“Good,” said Lowgoss. “Any suggestions as to how or where I should touch?”
“Let me, sir,” said Faire. “It’s my responsibility. I’ll offer to shake its hand.”
“I’ll go with you,” said Trumble.
“Send Saddleback,” yelled MT. “He’s trained in diplomacy, and he’s expendable.”
Lowgoss, Saddleback, Trumble and Faire huddled together to talk it through.
“For crying out loud,” muttered Krystal, throwing in an eye roll for good measure. Leaving the men to their summit, she marched up to one of the stars, held her breath, reached out and cautiously touched it with the tip of her finger. She yanked her hand back, gasping. The star, which looked completely solid, had broken into hundreds of itty bitty, perfectly formed five-point stars that re-arranged to form a dent where her finger had pressed in. She barely had time to feel the creature before nothing remained in the cavity to offer any resistance. Yet there had been no pain, no jolt of energy, and no sense of menace.
With her heart hammering away, she gave it another gentle poke. It happened again. The spot was first part of a single unified star, then it was dozens of micro-stars, then it was one single star again. As she touched it, the cavity skittered into existence; or maybe it was more of a sifting, like blowing sand, but with direction and purpose. She held her finger still for a beat then slowly inserted it further. Her knuckle brushed its surface and the hole opened wider. Still sensing no harmful intent, she put her whole fist in. Quickly, yet softly and gently, it sifted back, filling in the open spaces and surrounding her hand.
It was soft, like velvet, and she felt no fear at the sight of her hand inside the creature. Instead, she felt an odd sense of peace and comfort that almost made her weep for joy. She gasped again in delight and felt the star creature vibrate for just an instance in response.
“Krystal! What are you doing?” Lowgoss appeared at her side, clearly frightened.
“I got tired of waiting for one of you brave men to touch it,” she whispered, “so I did it for you.”
“Are you alright? Are you hurt? Are you trapped?”
“Peter, hush now, I’m fine. You should touch it; it feels…it feels…well, I can’t really explain it.” She raised her voice to include the others. “Go on, all of you, touch one. They’re amazing!”
They did, Peter and Saddleback to her right, Faire and Trumble to her left, each choosing their own creature and carefully touching it. They, too, pulled back at first, but soon all had one hand encased up to the wrist; all except MT, of course, who still hung a circumspect 50 feet back, and Howdy and Doody, who were gratefully forced to stay with him.
Lowgoss was amazed by what he felt, and even more so by what he saw. His creature was composed of millions of tiny identical creatures, and yet there was no evidence of seams, like one would find in a jigsaw puzzle.
“Fantastic!” he gasped.
“Aren’t they just, though?” Krystal agreed. “Move your fingers around. It’s really something!”
She flexed her fingers, extending them out and wiggling them. She could feel the particles move and rearrange around her hand like sentient sugar crystals. Entranced by the feel, she waved her hand back and forth as though stirring brownie batter. The sifting kept pace with her. She pulled out with no resistance, bringing no residue with her. She inserted both her hands and it welcomed her again. She gradually sped up her movements until her hands were at full wave and the sifting stayed right with her. She stopped waving and slowly curled her hands into fists, capturing some of the creature. She pulled her hands free, again with no resistance, but when she opened her fists to see what she held, the yellow substance flew off her palms and rejoined the original mass, leaving not even a trace of yellow.
As she watched, the creature changed its appearance; not by much, but the edges softened a bit and the front face of the top arm skittered into a semblance of a smile. Krystal watched a nose-like bump appear above the smile and eye-like shapes appear above the nose, complete with imitation eyebrows, lashes, irises, pupils and corneas. It was still translucent yellow, but it now gave the impression of having a face. Even though the effect was off-putting, she remembered the peace and security she had felt while inside the creature and saw only beauty.
No other change took place; no chin, no ears, no hands or feet, no chest muscles or bellybutton, no alteration of color or imitation hair, just the face, and somehow that slight bit of humanizing was enough. Krystal knew she could relate to this creature, had in fact already been relating to this creature, and it could now relate to her. Apparently all it had needed was the touch of a human.

Scene 3
The men, all of whom had disengaged from their creatures, gathered around Krystal, chatting and remarking and exulting about the contact they had made. They had each felt the same vibrant sense of peace and security as Krystal and had seen their star grow a face and smile at them.
“Little stars! They’re made of little stars.”
“I know! And they felt me…or I felt them. I’m not sure.”
“I told you. Didn’t I tell you? They’re amazing!”
“Phenomenal! Simply phenomenal!”
They were exuberant, especially Faire, who considered the moment to be the realization of his lifelong dream. It was all Lowgoss could do to calm them.
“Let’s settle down,” he said, “Settle down. We need to think this through. Agent Trumble, what do you think?”
“It…it was incredible…I mean…I touched it and…so peaceful. Serenity. I…I…”
“Agent Trumble,” Peter interrupted. “Agent Trumble! Take a deep breath and tell me what you think about establishing communications with them.”
“Oh, okay, sorry,” Trumble took a deep breath, held it for a moment and released it. “I think the creatures are intelligent, self-aware and willing to communicate. Based on the feelings it caused in me, I think they communicate through sense and feel rather than words.”
“I agree,” said Faire. “They seem to communicate using conceptual impression rather than individual words or sentences. I mean, while my hand was inside my star, I could feel his thoughts, and they made perfect sense to me, even though I could never accurately put those thoughts into words.”
“His? Mine was a girl,” said Krystal.
“That may be, ma’am, but mine distinctly felt male.”
The other men all agreed.
“I don’t know if they have gender,” said Krystal, “but mine had female thoughts, female feelings and female…well…vibes.”
“Fascinating,” said Lowgoss. “We saw that the star creatures had absolutely no response to Agent Faire’s verbal greeting. Nothing happened until Krystal touched it. It evidently needed contact, physical contact, with us before it knew what we needed for communication or even how we communicated. Once Krystal made contact, her star communicated to her through emotion, as a female, evidently, then softened its dimensions and created a face for her to focus...”
Lowgoss broke off when he looked at Krystal’s star. Every other star he could see had the same face.
“Fascinating!” Lowgoss repeated, and the others had to agree.
“Faire,” Lowgoss directed, “go to the right end and see if it continued to the last row. Trumble, you do the same on the left.”
They did and a moment later both returned, reporting that the change was complete as far as they could see.
The crowd saw it, too, at least those with field glasses did. They spread the word and the crowd broke into wild applause and cheering. To demonstrate their level of involvement in the historical occasion, they started calling out greetings to the aliens and suggestions about what to do next.
“Hello!”
“Welcome to our planet!”
“Martians go home!”
“Is Elvis really dead?”
“Put your hands in them again!”
“Wave your hands in front of their faces!”
“Knock one over!”
None of the suggestions were all that helpful and Lowgoss began to fear that the boisterous crowd might try to overwhelm the guards again and rush at the stars.
“We need to establish communication,” he said. “I felt the emotions and impressions as well, but they do us no good because we don’t know what they mean. We don’t speak their language. Now that they all have faces, maybe they can talk to us. Shall we try again, Agent Faire?”
“I’m game. Let’s do it.”
Faire stepped up to the star he had touched and boldly spoke the greeting again. “Hello. Welcome to planet Earth.”
CHAPTER 15
Day 8
Sunday, Part 4

Scene 1
This time nothing did not happen; instead, the star in front of Faire began to noticeably vibrate; then each star next to it began vibrating and the pattern moved in both directions down the line and then backwards from row to row.
This progressing shimmy caused the crowd to clam up; anticipation is a wonderful silencer.
When the vibrations reached the stars on the ends, the creature at the end to Faire’s right moved in a peculiar shifting, skittering, sifting (skiftering?) fashion, which was almost like rolling and kind of like flowing, but not really like either, to a small group of maple trees about 10 yards away. Reaching out, which involved the shrinking of the opposing arm and the head in direct inverse proportion to the growth of the extending arm, it broke a thick branch off the tree. Skiftering back to its place in line, it handed the branch to its star neighbor and so on down the line to the star in front of Faire.
With branch in hand, or at least held in the hand area of the creatures right arm point, Faire’s star stopped vibrating. One micro-second later all the other stars in the line stopped as well. Faire’s star held the branch out vertically in front of itself, broken end down, merged the hand area of its left arm point with the hand area of its right, covering more than half the stick in yellow, and began tapping it on the ground. This tapping increased in speed until the resulting thumping noise blurred into a single tone, at which point MT let loose with a pitiful wail and dropped to his knees.
His eyes were rolling, his hands were pressed to his temples, his face was tilted up to the sky and his mouth was gaping open in the shape of a scream – only he wasn’t screaming. Instead, a loud thwock-thwock-thwock, like the sound a wooden bat makes when it hits a baseball, was coming out of him. The thwocking went on with little variation for almost a minute while the others stood staring. Then as quickly as it had started, it stopped and MT slumped over on his side, gasping in relief.
The others in the small group watched the Governor in horror, wanting to help the poor man but having no idea what to do. Even Howdy and Doody did not move because they had no idea what to protect him from.
Lowgoss looked back to the star holding the stick and saw that it had stopped thumping and vibrating. As soon as Lowgoss focused on it again, the star released the stick, which fell to the ground. A moment later, the vibrating began again, heralded by MT with a low, fearful moan, and the vibrations went down the line as before. This time the star on the left end skiftered to a flower bed 20 yards away, picked up a large decorative stone about the size of a football, brought it back to the line and passed it on.
Faire’s star received the rock and held it exactly as it had held the stick. Again, all vibrations stopped and the star began to thump the rock on the ground. The thumping increased in speed until it became a steady tone and MT, who was back on his knees, re-opened his mouth in the semblance of a scream. Instead of a wooden thwock, however, he vocalized a stony clack-clack-clack. Over and over for almost a minute MT clacked, unable to close his mouth or turn his chin away. At last the star ceased thumping, Governor Heade ceased clacking and everything went silent, at least until MT resumed groaning.
The spectators several hundred yards away could tell that something was happening. Though they couldn’t hear the thwocks or clacks, they could see both the committee’s alarm and the Governor on his knees, looking like a werewolf baying at the moon. The sight created a sense of tremulous expectation in the crowd. They weren’t so much worried about MT as they were eager to see something exciting, and judging by the tableau out in the middle of the field, something exciting was definitely happening.
Lowgoss, his academic juices reaching the high-water mark, was convinced that the thumping of the stick and the rock had conveyed something important, though he was at a loss to tell what. His attention swiveled between the stars and the Governor, assessing, deducing, evaluating and theorizing. For almost a minute he stood still, pondering the evidence. At last, he approached Faire’s star creature and addressed it.
“Hello. My name is professor Peter Lowgoss. Welcome to my planet. Can you do that with a living creature, say that bird over there?” He pointed at a robin sitting in the same tree that had donated a limb.
“Leave them alone!” MT croaked from behind him. “I can’t take any more!”
The vibrations began almost as soon as Lowgoss quit speaking. The end star moved with amazing speed, capturing the bird where it sat before it had time to even raise its wings. This time, instead of holding the new acquisition in its hands, as had been done with the stick and the rock, the star completely enveloped the struggling bird. Instantly, the bird stopped fighting to break free and seemed to be floating peacefully inside its captor.
With the bird inside it, the star skiftered back to the line and merged with the next star, passing the tranquil creature through their bodies. Star by star, in like fashion, it arrived at Faire’s star. Faire’s star immediately brought it out and surrounded it with its pseudo-hands, then began thumping against the ground, faster and faster, its feathers flying in all directions. MT, watched closely by Lowgoss, snapped his face toward the sky and let loose with a perfect robin’s song. It was sweet but short, as the bird died very soon after the thumping began. Once dead, the star dropped the bird to the ground, where it lay like de-feathered road-kill next to the stick and the stone.
Almost immediately, the vibrations began again, and this time a star plucked a squirrel off the bole of another tree. Keeping it fully enveloped and tranquil, they passed it star to end star until it reached the front row, coming to rest in Krystal’s star. Once in place, the chosen star put the squirrel through the same ritual thumping endured by the first three mediums.
MT once more tilted his head up and channeled the message, chittering like he was in acorn nirvana. Fifteen seconds later, MT ceased in mid-chit and, like the now-defunct squirrel, lay crumpled on the ground.
“Oh dear,” said Lowgoss.
“What just happened?” asked Krystal.
“That’s not a good thing,” said Saddleback, looking at the bird and squirrel.
“No, it’s not,” Lowgoss agreed.

Scene 2
“What do you mean it’s not a good thing?” asked Faire after they had huddled up again. “We made contact. They spoke to us – Spoke to us! – through a stick, a rock, a bird and a squirrel. That’s fantastic! That’s amazing! That’s…that’s…”
“Very bad, I fear,” said Lowgoss.
“I’ll admit it’s disgusting” Krystal said, looking a bit sickened, “but why is it bad. What am I missing here?”
“We’re not going to be able to talk to them, are we, Professor?” Saddleback asked.
“No,” said Lowgoss, “at least not ethically,”
“Why not?” demanded Faire.
“The problem,” Saddleback explained, “is that it – they – seem to communicate through vibrations.”
“Well, duh,” said Krystal.
“What Mr. Saddleback is saying,” Lowgoss said, “and he’s absolutely right, is that the star creatures are communicating with us by transmitting vibrations from a chosen medium to a receiver. The stick, the stone, the bird and the squirrel were all mediums. Governor Heade is obviously the receiver.”
“I’m not following,” admitted Krystal.
“I think I get it,” said Trumble. “It’s that old debate-class question ‘if a tree falls in a forest and nobody is there to hear it, does it make a noise?’”
“Precisely, my boy,” said Lowgoss. “That one is always presented as a philosophical question, which actually asks ‘if an event occurs outside of my perception, did it really occur at all? In that context, one would have to debate that the tree fell in the first place, and that would become a futile pursuit, as eventually, all things outside one’s immediate perception would have to be disavowed, which is just silly. As a philosophical question, it assumes ones perception is the standard for reality. The problem, the reason this argument is so difficult to prove or disprove, is that this is not a question of philosophy – it’s a question of physics.”
“And if the tree falls where nobody or nothing hears it,” cut in Trumble, “it makes no noise because sound doesn’t really exist. You talked about this in your class, professor.”
“Nonsense!” roared MT from his grounded vantage point. “Of course sound exists. We all heard the God-awful things!”
“No, sir,” Trumble corrected, “vibrations are just waves of movement transmitted through a medium. They don’t become sound until something interprets them as sound. Our brains do that for us – they interpret the signals.”
“Somebody shut him up! He’s as bad as Lowgoss!”
“A better way to see this is as a radio,” said Lowgoss. “The station sends out a signal, but we can’t really hear it. Even if we could, it wouldn’t make any sense. It requires a receiver to interpret the signals into something we can understand.”
“I get it,” said Krystal. “Those things,” she pointed to the four objects lying in front of the stars, “were the transmitter and that thing,” she pointed to the Governor, who groaned on cue, “is the receiver.”
“That’s right.”
“But I still don’t get the stick, the rock and those critters.”
“Demonstrations, my dear. They were making two points; first, the method of their communication; and second, the fact that the transmitter determines the language. When they thumped the stick, it was stick noises we heard, when they thumped the rock, it was rock noises. The bird gave us bird noises, in this case a robin’s song, and the squirrel gave us squirrel noises.”
“Which means that a human would give us human noises, or language,” said Saddleback.
“But…but those animals are dead,” Krystal protested. “The vibrating killed them.”
“And that,” Lowgoss nodded, “is why we cannot ethically communicate with them. Any human used as a transmitter, even if they volunteer, will be…”
Lowgoss was interrupted by screams of panic and terror.

Scene 3
The ring of soldiers maintaining the perimeter around the Capital Building should have been sufficient to keep out all intruders. However, threading in, around and under the Capitol Building were several tunnels that connected it to outlying buildings. Government personnel and politicians used the tunnels for convenience and security. The military had not posted guards at the tunnels because each entrance had a solid steel door fastened with the latest in deadbolt technology and several redundant camera systems that monitored tunnel activity 24 hours a day.
Three brainless boobs of the male teen variety, discerning a chance to defy authority and to score points with the babes, had lifted a set of keys from one of their fathers who worked as a janitor between all the buildings. Making short work of the deadbolt locks, they strutted into one of the tunnels and walked beneath the soldiers to the Capitol Building. The security guards who were supposed to be watching the cameras at that moment were watching the alien meet-and-greet instead, and the soldiers forming the ring were all focused on the crowd at the precise moment that the three teens emerged from a side door. Opportunists that they were, they took full advantage of the inattention and high-tailed it around the corner, setting a course for the last row of stars. Their plan was simple: touch one, knock it over if they could, get photographed, make the national papers, become celebrities, and parlay the whole event into a movie deal. Even if they got busted, they’d still be famous, and that would mean hot dates for months to come. What could possibly go wrong?
Everything went as planned, right up until they made physical contact with a star, at which point things went very wrong indeed. The stars enveloped all three boys the instant the first one made contact. Hefting their human communication mediums like sacks of living, breathing, protesting rutabagas, the stars passed the screaming boys down the line, row by row, to the front line. The first boy fell inside Trumble’s star, the second boy fell into Faire’s, and the third into Krystal’s. They were screaming and struggling as the yellow enveloped them, and then they went strangely quiet and still.
“Dear God!” Krystal gasped as the vibrations began again.
CHAPTER 16
Day 8
Sunday, Part 5

Scene 1
(and only)
(it’s a short chapter)
“Hello. Thank you for your welcome.”
The words flowing out of the drunk startled the flies crawling on his face, swirling them into a cloud a foot above his head. The bees, attracted by the bright red color of his cheeks, were not as easily dissuaded, though they lifted off for a moment just in case the flies knew something they didn’t, which was highly improbable since they were, after all, merely flies. But why take the chance? The spider creeping through his hair didn’t even notice the sounds; at least it didn’t react to them, though this was probably because, being a spider, its survival depended on sensing and interpreting vibrations, be they food, foe or friend, and these unexpected but unintimidating noises were hardly worth its bother. Who knows? Who cares?
Had the drunk been awake, he might have cared, since even drunks don’t like spiders creeping around their scalps, but he wasn’t. He was still blissfully slumbering on the edge of the cliff high above Mule Elk, sleeping off his monstrous toot and recovering from the ill effects of a three day dance marathon. He’d only been there for an hour and was probably good for another 15 at least. If he’d been younger, less fatigued and less pickled, he might have enjoyed the idea of camping out in the wilderness. The air was clean, the land was verdant, the day was balmy and cool, and the view was spectacular. Then again, had he been less fatigued and pickled, he would have noticed that sleeping on small rocks, sticks, thistles and nettles with a partially buried boulder for a pillow was uncomfortable. Add to that the sun, which was slowly reddening his exposed flesh, and any enthusiasm he might have had for camping would be thoroughly squelched when he awoke.
The vibrations trembling through his liver and coming out his mouth as words were not sufficient stimuli to rouse him or to even disturb his exhausted sleep. He had no idea that he was speaking, wasn’t even registering it as a dream. He had no knowledge of the events unfolding at the Capitol Building or that the vibrations which had plagued him for five days had been alien induced. He only knew that he knew nothing, and in the middle of his hard-won coma that was knowledge enough.
Lowgoss, on the other hand, would have been fascinated to know that the drunk was another receiver. He would have noted, in proper professorial fashion, several significant details.
Detail #1 - The words came out without aid of vocal chords, breath control, lip movement, tongue action or throat stricture.
Detail #2 - The words were clear, concise and comprehensible, not spoken in some form of drunken gibberish.
Detail #3 - The words were plainly discernable even through the snoring, though they were somewhat muted during inhales.
Detail #4 - The receiver didn’t have to be awake during the event, which may have been the most curious fact. And…
Detail #5 - The receiver didn’t have to be near the star creatures, which was not the most curious fact, but very possibly the most useful.
Governor Heade, on the other other hand, wouldn’t have cared one whit. Caring for the needs of drunks was just about dead last on his list of priorities, except when publicly doing so would increase his vote count. He prioritized them only one tiny step ahead of drug addicts and barely two steps ahead of bugs. In his self-esteemed opinion, if they weren’t willing to moderate the pleasures of life for aesthetics, advancement, or ambition, as he had done his whole life, they weren’t worth the energy to worry about. For all he cared, they could lie down and rot, just like the drunk in Mule Elk that he knew nothing about. Even if he had known about the drunk, he wouldn’t have given him a second thought.
Oddly enough, after making him dance for three days, neither did the star creatures. Yet.
CHAPTER 17
Day 8
Sunday, Part 6

Scene 1
“Hello. Thank you for your welcome.”
With those six words, the stars consummated interplanetary communications.
Faire’s star held the first human communications medium head side up, wrapped ankle to neck like a pig-in-a-blanket entrée for maximum thumping efficiency. The thumping paused, however, while the stars waited for Faire to speak again.
“What should I say next,” Faire whispered to no one in particular.
“Ask them to let the boys go!” Krystal hissed.
“Yeah, ok,” Faire cleared his throat and spoke. “We thank you for thanking us for welcoming you…I mean, you are most welcome for thanking us for welcoming you. What I mean is…”
He felt a whack against the back of his head. He whirled around and found Krystal glaring at him, hands on hips.
“Listen here, if you don’t pull your head out of your armpit and get those boys loose, I’m going to retire you. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes ma’am; sorry ma’am. I’ll get it right this time.”
“Mmmm,” she growled.
“If you please, sir,” Faire said, addressing the star once again, “We do not wish any harm to come to the humans you are holding. Please release them. We will find another way to communicate.”
The thumping started again.
“This tool feels no pain,” MT vocalized from somewhere behind Faire. “It is useful. We will speak to the kneeling one. Bring him to stand before us.”
The thumping went back into idle mode. MT, realizing that he was the only one kneeling, began begging for mercy in a pathetic nasal whimper.
Saddleback could tolerate it no further. He turned and strode over to the genuflecting administrator, bent down, gripped his boss’s nose tightly between the knuckles of his right hand and pulled up, wrenching a yelp from the Governor.
Howdy and Doody, neither of whom had any patience for cowardice, stood between their boss and the media to protect his image, but did so with their backs to him, refusing to notice what Saddleback was doing.
“Sir,” said Saddleback in a most patronizing tone, “I needn’t remind you that you are an elected official.”
“Ow!” said MT, slapping at Saddleback’s hand.
“And...,” Saddleback yanked up on the trapped nose (“Ow! Owie! StobitT!”), “And…the fate of the world may very well hang in the balance.”
MT began to blubber.
“Sir!” Saddleback shook his hand, and by extension MT’s nose, vigorously. “Pay attention. You have thousands of cameras and millions of people watching you right now.”
“Ow! Blass id, Saddobak, tha hurds.”
“What, this? This hurts?” He shook his hand again. “Imagine how much more it will hurt come the next Election Day when you wonder why nobody! Voted! For! You!” Each emphasized word came neatly served with a corresponding shake of the hand and a subsequent yelp of pain. “I’ll give you a clue – nobody likes a coward in the Governor’s chair. Am I getting through to you?”
“Yeth, yeth. Pleath! Led go ub my nodes.”
“In a moment, sir; we’re almost done here. But – this is the good part, so listen closely –but, if you step up to those creatures like a man, even if you have to fake it, and if you survive and if the world doesn’t end, then, God forgive me for saying this, I guarantee you, sir, a seat in the Governor’s office for several terms to come.” Point made, he popped the Governor’s nose free of his hand. “Now, do you think you can do it…sir?”
MT rubbed his violated nose, looking at saddleback through tear filled eyes. “Ob courz I kun doot.” He shook his head and stretched his jaw, wiggling his nose back and forth like a rabbit. “O-o-o-w-w-w! I mean, of course I can do it.” His tear-filled eyes began to shine in a familiar political manner. “My chin is, after all, The Chin.” The color came flooding back to his ashen cheeks. “The citizens of this state depend upon it.” He raised himself erect on his knees. “The world depends upon it!” He puffed out his chest, becoming once again the arrogant and obnoxious irritant which the voters elected. “My chin and I can do all things for the vote of the people. Help me up. I have an appointment with destiny!”
“Yes sir,” said Saddleback. “However it works for you, sir.” He moved back, giving MT clear access to his destiny. From his peripheral right, he saw Krystal giving him a thumbs-up and caught a wink from Lowgoss. Up to now, he’d not felt himself to be a useful member of the group. Useful or not, he mused, that last maneuver was certainly satisfying.
Howdy and Doody helped the Governor to his feet and escorted him forward. Face to face with his tormentors, MT’s gubernatorial instincts kicked in. He straightened his tie, smoothed his hair, shot his cuffs and turned his chin in semi-profile to the stars, giving them the best opportunity to witness its grandeur and the media the best opportunity for a clear focus.

Scene 2
“I am Governor Montague Tyranneus Heade,” MT declared.
Once MT made up his mind to appear dignified, he did a fine job of it, despite being terrified. Of course, it didn’t hurt that Howdy and Doody had snugged up against his shoulder blades, providing rock-steady support. It also didn’t hurt that cameras from around the world focused on him, providing excellent incentive.
“I am the leader of this great state. Who might you be and from where do you come?”
“We are.”
“Yes, but who precisely are you?”
“We are not who. We are what.”
“I’m sorry. You’re what now?”
“That is correct”
“What is correct?”
“Yes.”
“What?”
Oddly enough, the conversation was even more bizarre to watch than to hear. When the aliens finished transmitting a thought, the thumping stopped and MT’s chin ceased vibrating. He could then stand tall and speak his own thoughts, moving his mouth and tongue to make words the old-fashioned way. When the aliens had more to say, the thumping resumed and MT’s chin once again became a receiver. When that happened, he sagged against Howdy and Doody and his mouth stretched open, spilling forth the star’s thoughts without movement of lips, teeth or tongue. As circus side shows went, it was quite impressive.
“Governor,” Lowgoss whispered in his ear. “We can get their names later. For right now, just try to get them to release the boys.”
“Of course,” agreed Heade. “I was getting to that.” He cleared his throat and addressed the stars once again. “Please release those boys. We wish for them to come to no harm.”
“They are in no pain,” the star repeated.
From what Lowgoss could see, the star was right. The current thumping-tool had a glazed look in his eyes, but he wasn’t bleeding and showed no obvious sign of discomfort. The two entrapped boys seem to be breathing unimpeded, or at least their chests were rising and falling regularly, and both looked dreamily ecstatic, like they’d just taken kissing lessons from a prom queen, completely belying their previous shrieks of terror.
“That’s all well and good, sir,” said Heade, “but you must release them nonetheless.”
“No.”
“Let’s be reasonable here…”
“Silence, Governor Montague Tyranneus Heade. We care not for your thoughts or your reason. Your perfect chin receives our words. You are the prime vocalizer. We speak through you as we search for others.”
“Yes, but to what end?”
“We will give perfection to your world.”
“Perfection?”
“Tell us your imperfection and we will give you perfection.”
“I see. Perfection. Yes. Perfection is good, and I assure you it’s a great honor you bestow upon us, but the young men you hold…”
“You are not the converser. You are the prime vocalizer. Bring us your converser.”
“My what?”
MT looked to Saddleback, hoping for suggestions. Saddleback shrugged and shook his head, having no idea what to do.
Several silent seconds passed and finally Lowgoss addressed the stars.
“My name is Peter Lowgoss. May I be your converser?”
“Yes,” the star said through MT. “You will converse. Tell us your imperfection and we will give you perfection.”
“That sounds most fair, and I will do so as soon as you release the boys.”
“Tell us your imperfections,” the star repeated, “and we…”.
“No. No more conversing. Not until you let those boys go.”
“They are necessary for communnic-t-nn-sss-rrrrrrrr…” The words issuing from MT’s mouth gurgled to silence and the thumping of the first youth abruptly ceased.
Lowgoss blinked in confusion until he noticed that the young thumpee no longer looked placid. Nor did he look ecstatic. To the point, he had no look at all. This was, in large measure, because he was now dead. The star, with no apparent consideration for the life it had destroyed, released the boy, who collapsed like a loosely filled sack of sand. Before Lowgoss could move, the star in front of Krystal brought its young man forward, wrapped and ready for thumping.
It began thumping, picking up where the other star had left off.
“…communication. Tell us your imperfections.”
“I’ll not tell you a thing until I see to this child!” Lowgoss roared.
Rushing to the boy, who lay in a very peculiar pattern for a human, he knelt and tried to find a pulse. Saddleback and Trumble did likewise. Almost instantly, all three drew back, looking at each other in horror. They had not only felt no pulse, they felt no bones. Saddleback tried to pry open an eye and the skull collapsed. Lowgoss picked up a wrist and the entire arm bent like cooked linguini. Trumble pressed his hand over the boy’s heart and his probing fingers sank through the chest, pressing up against the ground beneath.
“Dear God,” whispered Krystal over their shoulders, “what did they do to him?”
Lowgoss sprang to his feet and faced the stars. “You’ve killed him!”
“It does not matter. Tell us your…”
“Stop it! I will not talk to you again until you find some other way of talking to me! This is unacceptable and I will not allow it.”
The star holding the second boy went still. For several seconds the only sounds that came from the small group at the center of the historic inter-species summit were Peter’s angry breathing, Krystal’s soft weeping and MT’s incessant groaning.
Several seconds turned into several minutes as Lowgoss and the team put their heads together and tried to figure what to do next.
The soldiers in the protective rings cast about, uncertain of what was happening, unclear about the existence of a threat and undecided as to where they should be pointing their wavering guns.
The media, with their high powered microphones and ridiculously strong lenses, had followed most of the proceedings and, like all good neutralists, remained poised for the next event.
The crowd of civilians, never neutral at any moment, had not heard a thing and therefore had no real idea what was happening. The ones with binoculars had deduced meaning from what they had seen and they eagerly passed on their interpretations of the encounter, relishing the status their narratives gave them. These narratives echoed and pulsed through the crowd, passing over, around and beside other narratives. It didn’t seem to register, nor would it have mattered if it had, that few of the narrative streams entirely agreed with each other.
Because of the fluid nature of hypothesis and the slippery nature of arrogance, each narrative was self-lubricating. Therefore, all narratives could co-exist and intermingle with little resistance. Soon, in keeping with the true nature of myths, all narratives had coalesced into one loose tale with several feathery conclusions. With loose tale in mind, the crowd, ever true to its nature, began cheering, hollering, demanding and imploring for someone somewhere, be it star or human, to do something so as not to lose the energy of the moment. Ole!
Despite the noise and excitement of the crowd and the growing unrest in the circle of soldiers, nobody in the inner group moved, primarily because they feared that any further engagement with the aliens would only further the death of the second youth.
Finally, much to the crowd’s delight, the thumping recommenced.
“Peter Lowgoss, your request is granted. We release you from conversing. We will speak to the female.”
Krystal stared at Lowgoss with panic mounting in her eyes. He looked back, uncertain of how to advise her. She looked at the youth, who death was a limited number of thumps away, and the panic crested, becoming fury. With defiance blazing from her eyes, she faced the stars.
“Listen up, you homicidal over-sized dessert,” she yelled, “I won’t talk to you about a thing unless you let those boys go.”
“They are in no pain.”
“Stop saying that!” she demanded. “You already killed one. I won’t let you kill another.”
“They…”
“Stop it!” she screamed. “Just put him down.” The star went still again, giving the second young man a rest. For a moment, Lowgoss thought they would let him go. They didn’t. Pseudo-smile still in place, the star thumped again and spoke through MT in an implacable tone that held no impatience or annoyance.
“We will talk to the one with…”
“No!” Lowgoss interrupted firmly. “He will not talk to you!”
“Then we will talk to the…”
“Not him either!”
“Then we will talk…”
“No one will talk to you so long as the life of one of our kind is threatened! You will find another way to communicate or you will leave our planet! The choice is yours!”
The supernatural stillness returned, sending a queasy sensation cutting through the tension. Faire and Trumble moved closer to Saddleback, Lowgoss and Krystal. The five exchanged no words, but the looks they shared spoke volumes. Reaching a consensus, they turned as one and marched away from the stars.
This time, the stars did not attack MT’s chin. Instead, the line of stars sprang into high vibration mode and surged forward, encircling the defiant five with a solid wall of yellow, stopping them in their tracks.
“You will not converse,” MT vocalized, “so you will transmit.”
Krystal clutched at Lowgoss, her eyes wide with terror. Saddleback pushed up his glasses with a shaking finger. Faire looked like he was going to wet his britches. Trumble struck the yellow wall with his fist, but made not even the slightest dent.
The thumping began again.

Scene 3
“We will talk to the tall ones who see through dark windows” MT voiced.
“You mean Howard and Douglas?” MT gasped, pointing to Howdy and Doody, who each wore black suits and sunglasses.
“Yes. Howard and Douglas, you will converse.”
Howdy looked at Doody, Doody looked at Howdy and they both shrugged. Howdy finally spoke.
“We will, um, converse with you.”
“We are and we are perfect. Tell us your imperfection. We will give you perfection.”
“Mr. Howard,” MT gasped, “tell the press to move closer so they can hear this. Hurry!”
Howdy produced a field radio and relayed the request to the commander of the State Guard, who immediately declined the offer. He had seen and heard everything that had happened so far and would not put anyone else in harm’s way. The reporters would stay where they were.
The reporters, who heard much of the exchange through their high-powered microphones, disagreed. This was their opportunity to report the story of a lifetime, of a thousand lifetimes, and no military-minded, brass-covered, ribbon-chested hard-case was going to stop them. They poured out of their enclosures and rushed forward, eager to be closer to the action and trampling over anyone, military or civilian, that got in their way.
As the reporters and camera crews rushed up to the stars, MT turned to face them. He may have felt terrified beyond expression, but he was still a politician and, as Saddleback had pointed out, another election was not that far away. With cameras and mikes poised inches from his face, MT declared, “I, Governor Montague Tyranneus Heade, have been chosen as Prime Vocalizer for the stars. My two assistants will converse on behalf of our planet. We will engage these proud citizens from another world in dialogue which will promote the betterment of relations between our two peoples and will procure, I am convinced, a more prosperous and beneficial life for us all. They request to know our imperfections so that they might grant us the benefit of their aged and august wisdom. We will now converse.”
Governor Heade motioned for Howard to speak. Howard, looking nervous, shifted from foot to foot.
“What am I supposed to say?”
MT rolled his eyes. “Tell them an imperfection.”
“Do I have one?”
“I have one,” Douglas said, backing up his partner. MT motioned for him to speak and he turned to address the stars.
“I like cold cereal and ice cream for dinner, which is really not good for my health.”
MT gave Douglas a withering sideways glare.
“Not that kind of imperfection, you boob!” he croaked. “Tell them something relevant to humanity.”
“Oh,” said Douglas. “Yeah… OK… Um, we have no cure for the common cold.”
The thumping began. MT tilted his head back and voiced the rapid response, which covered the gamut from virology to microbiology to nutrition and lasted 4 minutes and 13 seconds. The reporters understood none of it because they were not doctors and biological scientists, but they broadcast the words in real time across the globe and those who were scientists immediately fell to analyzing what they heard.
“…and this will prevent the most common viruses that produce the common cold from infecting huma-a-a-a-a-a-a-u-u-u-u-u-u….”
The second thumpee failed and the stars released him, letting him collapse in a puddle beside the first as the star holding the third brought him forward. At the same time, the star substance imprisoning the five rebels formed appendages and plucked up Trumble and Krystal, encasing them inside the yellow.
Peter pounded his fists in rage against the yellow walls, but he was helpless to do anything as the expression on Krystal’s face turned from horror to bliss and her struggles became acceptance.
CHAPTER 18
Day 8
Sunday, Part 7

Scene 1
“There’s a break in the action while the star swaps out boys,” the reporter said. “The second boy has been released and you can see his body oozing out from behind the Governor. This admittedly tragic occurrence has an amazing and, dare I say, positive turn.”
“Positive turn?” said Krystal-Anne, the most vocal of the three sisters. “That boy is DEAD! Where’s the positive in that?”
“Hush now, Krystal-Anne,” soothed Krystal-Eena, the practical sister, “the idiot is still talking and we don’t want to miss a word.”
The entire Murdock clan of Mule Elk - Krystal’s parents-in-law Bobbie Lee and Bonnie Belle, her brothers-in-law Jimmy Lee and Bruce and their families, Krystal’s five offspring and their families – sat in O-Jay’s house watching the events unfold on his 80 HD TV. With Krystal at the State Capitol greeting aliens and risking unimaginable dangers, no one wanted to face the possible loss of their daughter-in-law, sister-in-law, mother-in-law, mother or grandmother alone.
It was the Murdock way, taught parent to child, that family always backed up family. Owen Lee used to say, “It’s alright to scuffle; heck, who doesn’t want to punch his brother now and then? But never let your squabble come between you, because that brother right there, the one who’s nose you just bloodied – good right hook, by the way, little girl – he’s the one who’s going to be standing behind you, guarding your back.”
They weren’t the only ones in Mule Elk watching, of course. From one corner of the valley to the other and on both sides of the track, pretty much everybody in Mule Elk had tuned in - even the four young men sitting on the edge of the cliff overlooking the little town.

Scene 2
The details concerning the four young men are quite interesting and it would be a shame to skip over them – to skip over the details, not the four young men, although the details are about the young men, so it can be supposed that the two, being the details and the four, are one and the same.
The four young slackers had gathered the night before in the woods south of town to discuss the upcoming event. They had also gathered to drink a case of beer, acquired (don’t ask how) from the local grocery store owned, conveniently, by the first slacker’s father.
After consuming multiple beverages each, one of them suggested that if everything went drastically wrong the next day, the aliens would probably blow up the world. This was fine by them as they were malcontents anyhow. To prove their degree of malcontentedness, they customarily wore their malcontented leather jackets, their malcontented steel-toed boots, their malcontented scowls and their malcontented drawn-on tattoos. They would have had real tattoos, but that kind of malcontentedness cost real money and caused real pain. They weren’t that malcontented.
As they drank and talked, they decided it would be a shame for the world to blow up and they not see it happen. It was determined, therefore, that first thing the next morning they would hike up to the top of the cliff overlooking their town and wait for the show.
It took longer than expected because the fourth slacker’s whacko parents dragged him off to church, so the other three had to wait for him. By noon, however, all their parents had become engrossed in the broadcast and the four, carrying everything they needed for an awesome end-of-the-world death picnic, headed to the cliff.
As they neared the summit, they heard someone talking. This was cool. A little company never hurts when facing obliteration, unless the talker was an adult who would take away their beer, which would be totally uncool. If such was the case, they’d just have to find another spot.
“Dudes!” shouted the first youth as he reached the top. “You gotta see this! It’s freakin’ awesome!”
The other three rushed to the summit, skidding to a stop when they saw the drunk passed out at the edge of the cliff.
“No way,” said the second youth, “that’s the dancing drunk!”
“I know,” said the first. “He was square dancing outside my dad’s store on Thursday.”
“What’s he doing up here?” asked the third youth.
“I don’t know,” said the first. “He talks in his sleep, so why can’t he walk?”
“He sure smells in his sleep,” said the third.
“I know, dude,” said the first. “He reeks!”
“For sure,” said the second.
“I need a beer,” said the third.
“Totally,” agreed the first and second.
“Shut up,” said the fourth youth. “Listen!”
The fourth slacker was carrying a hand-cranked survival radio that picked up television broadcasts. He had been monitoring the action at the Capitol so they would know when the death rays headed their way. Turning the volume as loud as it would go, he held it up for the others to hear.
Governor Heade was voicing the star’s explanation of how to cure the common cold. His words were identical to the words pouring out of the drunk.
“No way,” the first gasped. “The smelly dude is channeling the aliens. Freak out in stereo! You know what this means?”
“Yeah,” said the fourth. “I didn’t need to bring this stupid radio. I could have carried more beer.”
“For sure,” said the second and third.
“Oh man,” said the first, “bummer we’re going to die now, ‘cause I’d love to tell the chicks about this.”
“I know,” said the fourth. “Life sucks.”
They watched and listened until the drunk, and the governor, fell silent.
“Freakin’ awesome!” they all shouted.
“Dudes, shut up!” cried the third. “The TV guy is saying important stuff.”
“According to this network’s science experts,” the reporter was saying, “the information they’ve given us is revolutionary, and is both viable and immediately usable on a broad scale. Folks, this may very well be the beginning of the most prodigious and phenomenal era of scientific discovery ever experienced by mankind.”
“Prodigious and phenomenal!” mimicked the second.
“Okay,” the reporter continued, “it looks like the third young is man ready to go. And two of the five people in the circle have been absorbed by the stars. Most likely, they will be used as replacements when the current boy fails.”
The four slackers sat down next to the drunk, two on either side, with their legs dangling over the cliff. The first passed out the beer. The third handed out his dad’s expensive cigars and the fourth passed around a large package of jerky. Almost in unison, the four cracked their bottles, sending the caps spinning out into space. With a camaraderie born of rebellious fatalism, they sat on the edge of life sipping suds, tearing jerky, puffing stogies and waiting for the fireworks.

Scene 3
In O-Jay’s house, all movement and breathing stopped as the camera focused on Krystal and Ethan suspended inside the yellow alien wall. Horrified, the clan watched them move from star to star. With their limbs drifting in wide, sweeping movements, the two looked very much like rag dolls carried in a current of molasses.
“It’s mama!” shouted Krystal-Anne. “They’ve got mama!”
“The woman,” the reporter continued, “identified as Krystal Mule from Murdelk…”
“Hah! Krystal Mule from Murdelk,” laughed the third slacker, high up on the cliff. “What a total freakin’ idiot.”
“Totally!” chorused the other three.
“…seems to be luxuriating inside the yellow stars, and the man, agent Ethan Trumble from the Department of Interplanetary Academics, seems to be smiling. It appears the stars have somehow given them a kind of peace and joy in anticipation of their opportunity to serve humanity. These star-shaped visitors are evidently a superior, advanced and humane race.”
“Superior?! Humane?!” Krystal-Anne sputtered. “That fool…that moron…he didn’t even get her name right! That, that, that…”
“I can’t watch this,” cried Krystal-Lou, burying her face in her hands. She was normally the toughest Murdock sibling, but this was too much even for her.
As the camera lingered on Krystal’s inert form, the only sounds heard in O-Jay’s house, other than the incessant chatter of the reporter, were quiet sobs and whispered prayers.
The camera switched back to MT.
“The third communication device is in place,” the commentator said. “It appears the aliens are ready to speak again. Agent Howard has just presented the imperfection of cancer and Governor Heade is about to voice the response. Let’s listen.”
For the next several minutes, with head cocked back, mouth wide open and hundreds of microphones thrusting toward his face, MT voiced the star’s knowledge of cancer’s biological and physiological intricacies. It began with the aberrant composition of cancerous cells in general, focusing primarily on the microbiological and chemical corruptions common to all cancer cells. It branched out from there to the differentiations of cancer and the reasons for each form’s peculiar speed of reproduction and dissemination. Then the stars gave a rapid and highly technical explanation of the chemical composition of breast, lung, and skin cancer cells, three of the most common, followed by a list of counter-agents found in plants growing in abundance on the Capitol grounds. The insanely rapid and amazingly thorough lecture ended with descriptions of how to extract, prepare, and administer each new drug to maximum benefit.
As the stars described the last drug, the third youth failed, MT’s words went fuzzy and his throat fell silent. The crowd immediately in front of the stars stood transfixed, and then a cheer ripped free from their silent throats and the joyous news began to spread up and down the perimeter. Several celebrants broke through the rings of soldiers and ran to envelop their governor, hailing him as their hero.
The soldiers, who had no idea what was happening, pivoted their weapons every which way until the festive nature of the sound finally broke through their hammering heartbeats and hampering headphones and they lowered their weapons. Some even joined in the revelry.
“Amazing! Simply amazing!” cried the reporter. “Cancer has been conquered! I repeat – cancer has been conquered!
Just listen to this crowd – they are absolutely out of their minds! Cancer, that evil and insidious thief, that corrupter of bodies and destroyer of dreams, will never again plague humankind, will never again wreak havoc in a happy home, will never again steal wife from husband, husband from wife, child from parents.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is with the greatest of emotion that I say to you - the beast is dead! The beast is dead!”
The camera swung wildly, encompassing the magnitude of the celebration. Its hi-tech, self-adjusting, tele-photo lens showed the celebrating masses, the third young man pouring out of the star’s grasp, and the delirious crowd dancing upon his liquefied body.
In O-Jay’s house no one celebrated or rejoiced. Instead, they watched in shocked silence as Krystal, smiling serenely, came forth out of the center star to serve her turn as thumpee.
“In a day filled with wonders,” said the commentator, “it appears that the stars and the Governor are ready to provide us with another… Oh no! Oh no! Ladies and gentlemen, the Governor has just been injured. You can see him on your screens, sprawled out on the grass. One of the network reporters was executing what looked like a celebratory karate kick. Somehow that kick connected with the Governor’s chin and he went down like a felled tree. We have video of the incident. Watch this.”
On screen, Douglas and Howard were congratulating MT. Suddenly, a foot flashed through the shot and connected solidly with the Governor’s chin. MT stiffened, spun halfway around, and fell backwards as though someone had yelled “Timber!”
“What a tragic turn of fate,” the commentator said as the camera focused back on him. “If Governor Heade doesn’t recover, we may never be able to ask another question of the stars. Without their chosen mouthpiece, they may very well call it a day and go home. As you can see behind me, Governor Heade is still down. Let’s take another look at that disastrous kick.”
The replay came back on. Once again the unknown foot felled the Governor.
“Can we see that in slow motion? Okay, ladies and gentlemen, pay close attention to Governor Heade’s chin as the foot makes contact. Wow! Look at the dent it creates! And here we see the Governor’s head snap back. Rewind that just a little. Okay. Here, here, right there. You can see the energy waves caused by the tremendous kick surge through Governor Heade’s face, from his chin all the way back to his ears. Let’s see it again, and this time, watch how his eyes roll back as he passes out. Wow! Simply unbelievable! The humanity, the horror of it all! It’s almost too awful to watch. Let’s see it again.”
The clip played several times more, highlighting the Governor’s whacking. Finally the reporter cut in to announce that MT had regained his feet.
“He appears to be OK and seems ready to resume his role as voice of the stars. What a trooper! Okay, the next question, according to our sources, will concern the imperfection of fossil fuels. Yes, yes, Mr. Douglas just asked how we can break our dependence on crude oil. There, you can see the alien holding Mrs. Mule has begun vibrating. Let’s listen in as Governor Heade brings us this long-awaited answer.”
MT opened his mouth wide and noise began to pour out. “Crrruioddge oioiloil ishhhsh…”
The thumping stopped. MT closed his mouth, cleared his throat, coughed and re-opened his mouth. The thumping began again.
“Chrugge oirrrrior ippth…”
Again the thumping stopped. MT turned to Howard, a frenzied look of incomprehension on his face. MT, Howard, and Douglas conversed for a moment, then Howard turned and spoke directly to the star. Suddenly, MT’s head snapped back and the word ‘yesh’ flew from his throat. Howard turned around and stepped in front of the Governor, calling for the murmuring media’s attention.
“Because of the injury to his chin, Governor Heade is unable to continue speaking for the stars. We’ve asked our visitors to give us a few days for him to heal. They will meet with us again next Sunday at noon in the State Legislature Assembly Hall.”
With that, all the stars began vibrating, causing a renewed sense of nausea in anyone not still wearing a headset. A moment later they released Krystal, still alive though somewhat disoriented.
“Let’s recap what just occurred,” said the reporter. “Governor Heade’s perfect chin was able to receive the sound waves generated by the stars. Now, because of Governor Heade’s injury, as seen r-r-r-i-i-i-g-g-g-h-h-h-t-t-t There! Yes! Because of that most regrettable kick, the Governor’s chin is now unable to receive those transmissions. As you just heard, the stars have agreed to hold off communicating with us for a few days so the Governor’s chin can heal.
“Behind me, you can see that the stars have reformed into a flowing yellow river and are making their way back to their ship. There’s no sign they have even been here except for some trampled grass and a small yellow slick right here at my feet that smells of urine. What a truly amazing spectacle this has been!
“Let’s see if we can get a word with Mrs. Mule.” He stepped up next to Krystal and stuck the mike in her face. “Mrs. Mule? Can you tell us what it felt like to be held inside the aliens? Did it hurt? Were you frightened? Did it give you a thrill to know that you were almost a part of history?”
“What!? Get away from me! Peter!” She scanned the crowd for his face, feeling a scant falter short of a complete collapse. Collapsing was fine, but she wanted to do it in his arms. “Peter!”
“Mrs. Mule, please,” the reporter begged, “just a word or two for our audience. Wait a moment - here come the other four who were trapped in the star circle. Professor Lowgoss…over here, sir.” He waved to get Peter’s attention and grabbed Krystal by the arm, yanking her back beside him.
“Excuse me, professor Lowgoss, could I have just a word with you? How does it feel… Oof!”
Caught by the cameras and broadcast around the world, professor Peter Lowgoss connected a roundhouse punch to the reporter’s nose. As the offensive cad flew off his feet, Krystal’s family rose to theirs and cheered.
Up to this point, the Murdock clan at large had considered Peter an egghead. They had known the guy for years, and they all liked him, but in the macho department, a major component of Murdock manliness, they had been less than impressed. That punch, however, put him in good stead with the entire assembled clan. Even though his form was somewhat girlish, which was not surprising considering he hadn’t slugged anyone since Billy Cameron snatched his cupcake in third grade, the punch was honorable and effective, and every person in O-Jay’s house was eager to shake his hand.

Scene 4
“What’s happening now,” the third slacker asked?
“I don’t know, dude,” said the first. “It sounded like the reporter guy took one on the nose.”
“Cool,” said the second. “Wish we could’a seen it.”
“What’s to see?” asked the fourth. “You heard the man – the game’s over for today.”
“You mean the world ain’t gonna be blown up?” asked the third.
“Nope,” said the first.
“Dang!” said the second. “Now we have to go to school tomorrow.”
“I know,” said the fourth. “Life sucks.”
“Dude, for real,” agreed the first.
“Let’s go get a burger,” said the third.
“Excellent!” said the other three.
They got to their feet and headed down the trail.
“Hey,” called the fourth. “What about the drunk guy.”
“He looks comfortable,” said the first. “Leave him.”
The fourth shrugged and joined his companions on their journey back to the normal routines of malcontented life.
THE END
of
BOOK 1



STAR FALL
INTRODUCING ME

Here are a few compelling details about me, in case you’re interested:
- I live in Cheney, Washington with my wife, Mary, and Copper the Wonder Poodle
- I love to fish
- but I suck at it
- I have five sons, one daughter, and lots of grandkids
- I am a born-again believer in Jesus Christ
- I love cooking and I love eating
- but mostly I love eating other people's cooking
- I drove truck for 22 years
- I now work as a Hospice Aid - it's messier than driving truck, but more satisfying at the end of the day
- I dreamed up THE PLANET PERFECTERS twenty years ago while driving down some lonely stretch of I-5. After years of pretending to write it, I finally gave in to the insanity and got serious. Two decades later, here it is – an overnight sensation.
OTHER BOOKS BY ME

Novels

STAR FIGHT: Book 2 of
THE PLANET PERFECTERS

STAR FAIL: Book 3 of
THE PLANET PERFECTERS

ANNIE ALWAYS

WEATHER TO DANCE

Picture Books

FLYING LESSONS

THE MIGHTY APPLE TREE

COME IN
CONTACTING ME

WEBSITE
TheDanielDimension.com

E-MAIL
TheDanielDimension@gmail.com

TRADITIONAL-MAIL
PO Box 323
Four Lakes, WA 99014

FACEBOOK PAGE
https://www.facebook.com/The-Planet-Perfecters-467088126814102/timeline

PHONE
What're ya, kidding?
You can't have my phone number.
