
Sugar Maples
by Bion Smalley

Copyright 2012 Bion Smalley
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition license notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Cover design: Bion Smalley
Also by Bion Smalley: In Deep Jung; Nano

The characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.

Chapter 1
September 1995

Fleep and Davon stood near the curb on Howard Street, just hanging out. At dusk it was dark enough that the smut kicked up by the passing traffic didn't show, but not too dark to see what was happening. Now and then they glanced over at the entrance to a currency exchange across the street, always casually, fists shoved into their jacket pockets. There was hardly anyone around to notice them anyway. During the changeover lull — after the day stopped and before the night started — everyone was somewhere else getting ready.
The street, Howard Street, is the dividing line between the north side of Chicago and Evanston, gateway to the suburban North Shore with its wealth huddled smugly against the edge of Lake Michigan. But that's only a line on a map. On the living street, garbage and dirt of all kinds wash over, south to north and back, ignorant of the division. Today, Fleep and Davon had washed up all the way from Chicago's West Side. This was their weekend hobby: ride the El up, visit the 'burbs for a little sport.
Suddenly Fleep nudged Davon. "Hey hey, pigeon's leavin' the coop."
Davon looked up to see an old woman standing in the doorway of the exchange, searching the street with nervous eyes. She was slight, seemed gray all over just like a pigeon, and she hugged a small purse against her side, squeezing it hard under her elbow. The strap was stretched taut from her shoulder down. When her gaze lingered on Fleep and Davon for a little too long they averted their eyes, slouching deeper into their jackets. Davon adjusted the baseball cap riding backwards on his head. Finally the old woman stepped to the pavement to begin her fragile trip home.
Fleep and Davon split up to track her from both sides of the street. Davon was a little puzzled when she turned north, up in the direction of Calvary Cemetery. If he remembered right, there was nothing much there but elevated train tracks winding all over, hard to know which way was up. Maybe she was lost, or confused. It happened all the time with these old bitches. Still, it seemed almost too easy now, no challenge.
By the time the woman covered another block, Davon had worked his way ahead of her, smiling to himself because the street here was empty and quiet, no traffic, not even pedestrians, just grass and dirt and some concrete pilings. Perfect. Gradually they closed in from both directions. The old woman hadn't noticed them yet. She continued on her way taking tiny, deliberate steps. But then she did notice. She stood up straight, tottering unsteadily. If she was confused before, she seemed almost paralyzed now.
Fleep broke into a full run and wrenched the purse away. This was usually the fun part, where the dumb old fools tried to hold on and were dragged down the street, squealing like pigs. But this time the strap broke away clean and Fleep was running with the purse before either of them realized it. Taking up the rear, Davon risked a glance backward and saw the old woman standing there, looking stupefied, hands at her sides.
They rounded the corner under a viaduct, cutting into an alley, where the next thing was to strip the money if there was any and then dump the bag. If you didn't take credit cards or something with a name on it, no one could prove anything. Davon was the lookout and he knew his job — they'd done this a hundred times. He toggled his eyes nervously between the two ends of the alley while Fleep snapped open the catch.
In the next moment neither of them knew quite what had happened. There was a flash and a whoompf, and Fleep dropped the smoking bag. He stared at his hand, at blood pouring from the palm, at pieces of embedded shrapnel. It didn't hurt, yet, but gradually he understood what the old lady had done. His little finger hung off at an odd angle, and a one-inch metal sliver protruded from the soft flesh between thumb and forefinger. Almost absently he plucked out the metal, which was all that held a severed artery closed. At the first spurt of arterial blood, straight from the heart to the gravel three feet away, he groaned.
"Oh man."
"The fuck happened?"
"Fuckin' bitch. I'm bleedin' to death. Fuckin' old bitch."
Fleep hopped through a spastic dance squeezing his wrist. A fierce sweat broke out on his face. He decided the only way to stanch the awful squirting blood was to press the wound closed with the tail of his tee shirt, but when he did, his hand throbbed in sharp pulses as if someone were pounding it with a hammer. He clenched his teeth and moaned.
"I'm dyin'. I'm gonna die."
He shook pathetically, showing his youth, not tough any more. The tee shirt had stopped the bleeding for a few moments, but now it was soaked through and blood dripped down his pants onto his shoes.
Davon's face was a mask of terror. He'd seen guys shot, guys stabbed, dead guys even, but this was somehow different — up close and sudden. He reached deep into his jacket for the .38 that was meant to guarantee their escape from rough circumstances. He didn't like to flash it but he didn't know what else to do. He guided the whimpering Fleep back to the street.
While Fleep waited, Davon stepped in front of an oncoming BMW, a silver-gray yuppie-mobile, causing it to veer up over the curb in a shriek of brakes and skidding rubber. The driver, a middle-aged man in a suit, rolled down his window and shouted something that Davon didn't catch, then began to reverse the car. He wasn't fast enough, though, to get away from Davon and his gun. Davon lunged and had the driver by the collar with the revolver pointed at his head. He dragged the blubbering man out and, when they were clear of the car, shoved him to the pavement. Seconds later Davon was at the wheel with Fleep at his side, heading for the emergency room at Saint Francis, the one hospital they could remember from when they'd cased the area.


Chapter 2

As slowly as it turns, still you can tell the earth is moving if you watch the shadows of the trees. But you have to be patient. Mary Ann Bloom, seventy-six, and Isabel Milton, eighty-seven, had been out all afternoon watching the slow-moving shadows of early September, of elm and ash and maple, from their vantage in the meager park across from the Meadowvale Nursing Home where they lived.
When the two old women had arrived, Mary pushing Isabel in her wheelchair, sunlight had been flooding down on the tops of Evanston's tall and exuberant trees, limbs touching tree-to-tree to form gothic arches all through the park. Now, in late afternoon, the shadows had long since crawled along the spotty lawn to the street and across. Dark edges reached halfway up the west wall of the home, nearly to the windows of the third floor. Mary shivered, looking over at her home now being eaten by shadows, thinking about having to return there.
Mary had liked the way the building used to look, with its smooth brown bricks offset by stone, shiny window panes framed in green trim. What made the home so terribly ugly now were the boarded-up windows. The neighborhood was none too good any more, and vandals with nothing else to do had made it an obligation to see that no window remained unbroken for more than a day or two. When Jenny Keck had owned the home there had been an attempt to keep the street level glazed. But now, after Jenny's sudden death almost a year ago, her son Leon had taken over and left the boards in place. The insolent graffiti sprayed and scrawled on them was merely one more assault of so many borne by the old people there.
With the loss of sunlight a chill descended over the park. The pigeons had gone. The few children had run off trailing their laughter behind them. The leisurely flow of strollers had dwindled and most of the remaining bench-sitters were packing up to leave. Mary squinted at her watch before she rose to close Isabel's gray, beaded sweater and check that the nubby wool blanket was secure around her ankles. In the home the two of them were something of an institution, a synergy with two bodies and one mind. Both of them had checked in on the same day six years ago, sensed a kind of unspoken kinship, and had been together ever since. Mary was a nurturing person. An unflagging commitment to Isabel was what kept her going, while the older woman had become more and more enfeebled and needed all the nurturing she could get.
As Mary fussed with the blanket, an orange and white ambulance drove up and stopped in front of the home. Isabel saw it first and nudged Mary without speaking, and they both watched as the paramedics climbed out to open the back doors. The old women had seen enough ambulances to know there was probably nothing to worry about with this one — there was no siren, and the flashing lights weren't on. Their intuition was confirmed when the attendants in their dark uniforms unloaded an old black man carefully and placed him in a wheelchair.
Mary did most of the speaking for the two of them when there was something to be said. Isabel was quite hard of hearing by now — her hearing aid was functioning erratically and she couldn't afford to have it repaired. Mary faced her and spoke with exaggerated clarity.
"It looks like they've brought Mr. Wilson back."
"Back? Where'd he go? Wandered off, I imagine?" Isabel's voice was a parched croak that sometimes seemed forced at great expense. "They all do sooner or later."
"No, dear. You remember. He was mugged two weeks ago. Ended up in the hospital."
"Oh, yes, that's right. They beat him up."
"It's late. Why don't we go see if we can help?" Mary leaned to release the wheel locks on the chair.
Isabel frowned in concentration. "Like Agnes last March. She was all bruises for months."
"Oh yes, I forgot. Poor thing. We had to hold her hand just to coax her out of bed."
Isabel's gaze drifted back to the ambulance. "Poor thing."
Mary sighed and took charge of the wheelchair, launching it carefully onto the narrow path.


Chapter 3

In some of the upper windows of Meadowvale Nursing Home, old faces appeared, with old eyes that had recorded much, to watch George Wilson being wheeled in. Even from that far above, some of them could see the thick bandage across one of his ears, a souvenir of the attack. And they watched as, down at the street corner, Mary and Isabel, returned from the park across the way.
An attendant wheeled Mr. Wilson up a low ramp at the entrance to the home. The glass-paneled door itself was in a deeply recessed alcove, and when the wind gusted, the opening served as a dead pocket where swirling air deposited the refuse of the neighborhood. Cigarette and candy wrappers gathered in crevasses. Even bottles and cans somehow seemed to find their way in. Everyone remembered how when Jenny Keck was alive she would come with a plastic garbage bag each morning and clean it all out. "This door is the first impression our guests have of our little home," she would say, "and I want it to be a pleasant one." That's what she had called them, "guests," and the feeling behind it was not insincere.
When the wheelchair carrying Mr. Wilson reached the center of the lobby, Carl, the newest of the orderlies, transferred the old man roughly to one of the home's wheelchairs so the ambulance crew could take theirs back.

***

George Wilson, seventy-eight, a retired policeman, had almost forgotten how disheartening the lobby was. To his left the door marked "DIRECTOR" was slightly ajar, meaning that Leon Keck, the big fat slob, was probably inside. George turned his head so he wouldn't have to think about Leon. Farther along the wall was a long counter, like that of a hotel's front desk, with a hinged flap that lifted for access.  Rows of pigeonholes lined the wall behind the counter. Originally meant for messages for the residents, they were now all empty and clotted with grime. Nurse Budka, a thin, bony woman, fortyish, wearing a white uniform, stood behind the counter reading a small black book. She glanced up only briefly to determine, George supposed, that no rules were being broken.
The walls of the lobby were painted olive, and the job had been done a long time ago, as far as anyone could remember. Faint intersecting rectangles, faded by degrees, were the ghosts of pictures that had been hung and rehung, moved and, finally, removed. It had been rumored that Jenny Keck had planned a grand redecorating just before her death. Over to the right George noticed the familiar pair of massive gray couches, pushed together back-to-back, dividing the remainder of the area. No one was sitting in them, of course — the fabric hadn't been cleaned in ages because of Leon's cutbacks. The faint odor of urine wafted through the lobby, modulated by the changing drafts.

***

With all the attention paid to the ambulance and Mr. Wilson, no one seemed to have noticed the dapper old gentleman who arrived in a taxi just after the ambulance arrived.  The cab departed and he was left standing at the curb with a lone piece of tan leather luggage at his side.
Benjamin Harrison Campbell, seventy-six, was known in various nefarious circles around the globe as Benny "The Scholar" Campbell. Or at least he had been. For quite some time now he'd been out of circulation. Standing quietly he attempted to gauge his surroundings, to assess the facade of the Meadowvale Nursing Home, and as each ugly feature registered he bunched and wiggled his neat gray moustache, tugged the corners of his mouth down a little farther.
A washed-out van with its windows trimmed in yarn tassels rolled by, stereo up to full volume, bass throbbing. For a full five minutes Benny Campbell waited, during which time his shoulders seemed to slump more and more deeply. But as hunched as he was, he was tall for an elderly man, over six feet. His wiry gray hair was trimmed in a European cut, and his features were sharp and patrician. He had penetrating gray eyes, though the whites had yellowed a bit and his corneas were edged with milky crescents.
Benny Campbell was waiting to move until he could fully accept his new station, convince himself that this was a suitable place for a man of his former preeminence to –– well, face it –– to wind down his life. He used to feel elegant in the tweed suit he now wore. Anyone with taste would have recognized that his suit was straight from Savile Row and that the bag at his feet was a Louis Vuitton. But he doubted that anyone residing in the squalor before him would have the class.
What galled him most, though, was that up close his trappings told a different story. The bag was deformed, a sprung trapezoid, scarred and cut. At the base where a particularly vicious gash ran all the way through, a flap of boxer shorts had managed to wriggle out. This particular gash had been inflicted by an enraged banker in Brussels intending to incise Benny's own precious hide. The memory brought on a brief smile. There were other stories this case could have told, which was probably why he'd kept the shabby thing all these years. But then, it wasn't the only shabby thing. His pants bagged out at the knees. The material of his jacket was everywhere nubs and pulls. The cut was out of style. The fit was loose. He felt as if he were wearing the clothing of a more substantial man. And indeed he was — he hadn't worn this particular suit since Jimmy Carter was president. Now Bill Clinton was in office and it was a whole new world.
It gradually occurred to Benny that he was tired — tired of standing here, yes, but tired, too, in a deeper sense. But if reflecting on better times was what he wanted, he could do that more comfortably inside the home no matter how bad it might be. He began to feel the chill of dusk. He stooped slowly to grip his bag, then, hefting it, straightened with deliberation, uncurling his shoulders and forcing them back to project pride in case anyone might be watching. In his long experience, appearance counted for much. Softly he recited to himself, "Be wise; / Soar not too high to fall; / but stoop to rise." And without further hesitation he marched toward the home.

***

In heaving the battered Mr. Wilson to the second wheelchair, Carl Weably, one of Meadowvale's orderlies, had grabbed the old man right on his injured biceps. Mr. Wilson hadn't flinched, but now he stared at Carl, examining him with disdain, thinking that the dumb kid had the map of Nowhere written all over his face. George Wilson had seen a lot of punks like Carl when he patrolled the streets, and he still had the habits of a cop, noticing details, sizing people up. The kid was maybe twenty, twenty-two, he decided, maybe five-ten, scrawny with long blond hair and a pasty complexion flecked with fine light stubble and whiteheads. No distinguishing features. In fact, he was completely undistinguished, except maybe for the tiny gold stud shaped like a baseball stuck through one earlobe. The old man's stare turned to a glare when Carl started up the way he often did.
"Way hey, Mr. Macho Man. Try to bust them big bullies all by himself."
George's jaw tightened. He had in fact busted many a bully in his time on the force. He was a thick, burly man, not used to taking second best in a confrontation. Right now he'd like to bust Carl in the face, but he didn't quite feel up to it. The beating he had suffered unsuccessfully defending his wallet had drained a lot from him, and he concentrated his energies on recharging himself. He didn't reply.
"Quiet and tough. All riiiight. Macho Man." Carl wheeled him close to the elevator and punched the call button. There were two elevators but no one had been able to explain why it took so long for either one of them to respond.
While they waited, Mr. Wilson felt someone touch his shoulder and he craned around to see who it was. When he realized it was Mary Ann Bloom, he smiled. She had quietly pushed Old Isabel up behind him, no doubt preparing to offer sympathy. He knew Mary. Everyone knew Mary and liked her. She extended her hand to pat his bald head swathed in tufts of white hair. George Wilson felt momentarily embarrassed, worried that his scalp full of scabs where he'd been kicked and bludgeoned might repulse her. The flesh around one eye was still swollen and it throbbed. The eye had been completely shut only a week ago.
"Mr. Wilson — George — when we heard we were so sorry. If we can help at all —"
He said nothing but raised a hand and placed it briefly on hers.
Old Isabel as usual felt she needed to say something encouraging. "Hope you gave the bastards hell."
Mr. Wilson only jerked his head as though laughing to himself.
Carl piped in, "Mr. Macho Man gave 'em all he had, can't you tell? And it was nothin'. He's all dried up."
Mary frowned at Carl, and Isabel began to shake her head back and forth erratically, her almost palsied reaction to unpleasantness.
"Go to hell, punk," George Wilson murmured.
With an exaggerated start, Carl faced George. "What'd you say?"
George turned his head away, but Carl whirled the chair so that they were eye to eye.
"What'd you say, you old piece of shit?"
"Carl, don't —" Mary said, but not quickly enough to stop him from pounding a fist against George's shoulder. George grunted, and Mary took a step forward to intercede.
"Call me a punk?" Carl said, angrily shoving Mary aside. "I'm talkin' to you."  

***

Whatever else Benny Campbell might have done in his long felonious career he had never assaulted a woman, nor even permitted such a thing in his presence. But now, having taken only two reluctant steps inside the lobby of Meadowvale Nursing Home, he was confronted with a young orderly pushing a woman so roughly that she nearly fell over. Benny quickly set down his Louis Vuitton case. "You there, stop that," he said, not quite shouting. In half a dozen lanky strides he reached the young man, who now was now railing at a bandaged black man in a wheelchair. The sudden sound of his pulse pounding in his ears took some of the edge off of Benny's indignation. He was momentarily distracted by thoughts of what had landed him here in the first place when the orderly wheeled around.
"Who the fuck are you, gramps?"
"Carl, please —" Mary said. Isabel had begun to whimper like a puppy.
"A gentleman never strikes a lady," Benny said, and instantly Carl's jarring cackle set him back on his heels, wondering if the young man might be deranged.
"Well there ain't nothin' wrong with a gentleman strikin' a gentleman, is there?" Carl said. He closed on Benny slowly, eyes narrowed, forming a fist with his right hand. Behind him a chime sounded and Benny heard elevator doors sliding open.
Carl thumped Benny hard on the sternum, knocking the breath out of him and buckling his knees. Benny saw white for a moment, feeling a sharp pain in his chest as he toppled to the floor.

***

Carl had his fist raised again, about to show this geezer what it meant to interfere, when a hand from behind gripped his wrist hard. There were dark liver spots on the hand — obviously another one of the old farts — and Carl was ready to twist out of the hold when he realized it was the Colonel and checked his impulse. Instead he turned cautiously.
"That's enough, Carl. I'll take charge from here. Dismissed. Eh, soldier?"
Carl tilted his head awkwardly, trying to affect a haughty air by sneering along his nose. Yes, it was that damned Colonel. The old man wasn't really that big, though he was husky, like Mr. Wilson, with chiseled features and strong leathery arms that jutted like tree roots from a khaki short-sleeved shirt. But still the Colonel intimidated Carl, which only angered Carl more. For Christ's sake, the Colonel was just another dried up turd like all the rest of them here. But there was something — the way he stood poker straight like some fucking general in a movie, or the way he stepped out like the entire Marine Corps when he walked, or that stony glint from his mirrored sunglasses that gave you the creeps. Yes, there was something dangerous about the Colonel, something that frightened Carl at a level he couldn't understand. But even if it was the Colonel, Carl had to save face somehow.
"Oh, Mr. Sergeant Major General Colonel, sir! Yes, sir! Of course, sir." He snapped his heels together and executed a broad parody of a salute. "Private First Class Weably over and out, sir!" He knew he was coming off like a fool. He couldn't stop.
The Colonel's expression didn't change, and there was no telling what his eyes were saying behind those glasses. Carl was furious with himself for being intimidated, but nevertheless, there it was. He looked around at the rest of them in the little group and then turned and stalked off, blushing in quiet rage.
Isabel's head had not stopped shaking. She sniffed and lowered her chin. "Wouldn't you just like to crown him?"
The five of them watched Carl until he rounded the corner out of sight.

***

Benny Campbell was still massaging his chest when the Colonel offered him a hand up.
"You don't live here," the Colonel said. "Haven't seen you around."
Benny slid his long fingers inside his suit jacket and drew out half a pair of reading glasses. Alarmed, he fished out the other half and held the broken pieces together, shaking his head. "My last pair," he said while he took the Colonel's hand and pulled himself to his feet. Pausing for a resigned breath, he held the Colonel's hand a moment longer to shake it. "Benjamin Harrison Campbell," he announced with more enthusiasm than he felt.
"Mitchell Cobb, Colonel, U.S. Army Intelligence, retired," the Colonel said. "What's your business, sir?"
"Business? No business. I just now arrived. It would seem I'm joining your merry band, though now I'm not so certain it's a good idea."
"You mean Carl?" The Colonel snorted dismissively. "Don't let that smarmy psychopath worry you. He's the least of our worries around here."
"That's encouraging," Benny said. He brushed his palms down along the sides of his jacket and looked at Mary. "Are you all right, madam? You weren't hurt?"
"'Madam,'" Mary repeated with a smile. "My goodness, I don't remember the last time anybody called me that."
"I never remember much of anything," Isabel added, speaking mainly to herself.
"But yes, Mr. Campbell, I'm fine. Thank you."
George Wilson said, "I'm sorry you had to tangle with Carl first thing, but thanks for showing up when you did. Of course, I would have taken care of him myself if I wasn't —" He let the wheelchair say the rest.
Benny stared at the Colonel again, uneasy because he was not able to appraise the man's character with the same speed as he appraised the others'. Over the years, rapid character assessment had proven his single most important skill, indispensable to his line of work. When it failed him he felt vulnerable. The Colonel's inscrutability, he decided, went well beyond the silvered sunglasses. But then, he'd only just met the man. Perhaps with a bit more time ... "I would say Colonel Cobb here warrants any thanks," Benny said, "not me. He seemed to have quite an effect on young Carl."
Abruptly clearing his throat, the Colonel stationed himself behind Mr. Wilson's chair and gripped the rubber handles. He rumpled his chin in a smug gesture. "Ladies and gentlemen, let's not loiter? Time to get on with our business."
While Benny watched, the old military man bowed stiffly, pivoted the wheelchair, and backed it into the elevator so that it faced outward. He had to maneuver it sideways to make room when he realized that Mary wanted to wheel in Old Isabel as well.
"You can register around the corner at the desk, Mr. Campbell," Mary called back to Benny. "I'm sorry we can't show you, but I have to get Isabel to her room. I'm sure we'll see you soon."
"No doubt," Benny said.
"And thank you again. My name's Mary by the way."
Mr. Wilson lifted a hand in farewell, which Benny tentatively echoed. He could hear the Colonel's voice resonating through the slowly closing doors:
"George, now that you're back I want to talk to you about a few things, some new recreational activities we've been planning. I think you'll be interested." 


Chapter 4

"Like I told you before, we was asking this old lady where's the El and she throws this fuckin' grenade at us. C'mon man. How many times I gotta tell you?" Davon's face boiled with defiance but his shoulders slumped in fatigue.
Detectives Matthews and Pickard were not too thrilled at having had this case tossed in their laps. And it wouldn't have been if there weren't explosives involved, and if the story the two perps had come up with hadn't been so ridiculous. What worried them most was the possibility that the local gangs might be involved in importing explosive weapons.
Phillipe "Fleep" Simonette and Davon Rankins had been arrested the night before at Saint Francis Hospital and charged with armed robbery. It seems Simonette had injured his hand with some kind of explosives, and Rankins stole a car to get him to the hospital — a noble effort, the detectives agreed, but still in violation of certain local ordinances. Almost immediately, someone with an odd raspy voice who wouldn't leave his name had tipped the police by phone, giving a license number and full description. It had taken only fifteen minutes to locate the boys and take them into custody, possibly some kind of record.
Today, the detectives had been at the two boys, one at a time, all afternoon and into the evening. Obviously they were lying, but the way they clung so tightly to their story the detectives suspected that it was only partly a lie, and they wanted to know which part. The main problem had been that Fleep, with the mangled hand, wouldn't say a word except to tell them his name. That left them Davon to work on, and they had been trying every trick they knew to crack him.
Detective Brian Matthews was a muscular, genial black man, middle-aged, six feet tall, partly bald, with a round, open face. Of the two he was the practical realist, logical and orderly. His partner of five years, Scott Pickard, was not quite as tall, pale and pasty looking with sandy brown hair and an incipient paunch. Pickard prided himself on his ability to think outside the box, to apply his imagination to solving cases where others would frustrate themselves by allowing only the obvious.
The air within the closed interrogation room was stale with the smell of three tired, frustrated men. Davon was seated in a plain chair between the two detectives, pulled up tightly to a narrow table in the center of the room. Detective Matthews had turned his chair around backwards and sat astride it with his chin resting squarely on his arms, which were folded across the backrest. He reflected for the hundredth time on how much he hated this part of the job, and sighed before continuing to hammer away at the unwilling suspect.
"We're going to keep running through this until you get it right, Davon. And don't worry, we got all day. So let's start at the beginning, where you two Red Riding Hoods are lost in the woods and you stop grandma for directions to the El. Where was this exactly?"
"Like I said, by Howard Street."
"Where on Howard Street?"
"I don't know, man. We was lost."
"What were you near? Was there something there you remember?"
"I told you, I don't know. It was gettin' dark."
"What did the old lady look like? You must remember her. You were standing right there talking to her. Right?"
"I don't know. She looked old. Little and old and gray, like a little old lady. Who looks at 'em?"
Detective Pickard suddenly exploded, "Well remember something, Davon! We got you for armed robbery here, for God's sake! This is no joke! Try to remember one little thing and maybe it won't go so hard."
Davon flinched. He breathed heavily, trying to stay tough, but the detectives had the stamina and the technique and, as far as Davon knew, all the time in the world. He ground his fists into his thighs and squirmed in his seat.
Matthews' voice was now gentle, soothing. "Look, Davon. You just remember something and we can talk the rest of it over. We know you were just trying to help your friend. Make it easy on yourself."
Davon rolled his head back, looked at the ceiling, then back at the table. He took a long breath and when he spoke he was barely audible.
"I think it was on the street by the cemetery."
"I thought you said it was Howard Street."
"I said it was by Howard Street. Up the street to the cemetery."
"There's El tracks there, Davon. You said you were asking directions to the El and you're standing right by the tracks? You that dumb, Davon?"
He didn't answer but tucked his chin tightly against his chest and folded his arms. He was relieved when there was a knock at the door and another officer poked his head in.
"Scotty, we got something you might be interested in."
Matthews nodded at Scott Pickard who stood angrily and stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind him. Davon started at the sound, and Matthews tried to make quick use of the sudden, peaceful one-on-one.
"Listen, Davon, brother to brother. Just tell me what happened and I'll do my best to see they give you a break. You dig?"
There was no answer.
"Davon?"
"I ain't lyin'. It was on the street by the cemetery." 
Before Matthews could press further, Pickard returned and sat back down. He had a smug look on his face, smiling at Matthews while he spoke to the kid.
"Okay Davon. I'll tell you just how I think it was, and you tell me when I go wrong. All right?" He leaned forward. "You and your buddy Fleep are up here snatching purses, and you find this old lady who looks easy, so you take a run at her and rip off the bag. How'm I doing?"
Davon turned his head away.
"Only this time when you go to open the bag — bam! — and your buddy's looking at hamburger on a stick."
Detective Matthews couldn't sit still for this. "Hold it, hold it," he said. "Davon, will you excuse us for a minute?" He gestured for Pickard to go to the door, and when they were outside in the hall he turned him around.
"You mind telling me where you get this shit? Let me in on your secret?"
"No secret. We got another one — worse this time."
"Another what?"
"Purse snatcher got two fingers torn off and a sliver in the eye. Doesn't look like he'll recover sight in it, and he's too shook up to make up a phony story. We got everything — straight."
"Purse snatchers? You think that's the way it happened?"
"Has to be. These kids don't even know each other. It's way too much of a coincidence. And you gotta believe a kid laying there with his eyeball sliced in half."
They stopped talking simultaneously and realized wide-eyed that the next step was obvious. As if they were reading each other's minds they marched back in to confront Davon whose face now hung limp in total dejection.
Matthews had undergone a transformation. He was now all official business, no-nonsense department. "Okay Davon, buddy, things have changed. Now listen carefully. This is very important, you understand? Forget the purse grab, we can let that slide this time if you go along with us. All we want you to do is concentrate real hard and try to remember what that little old lady looked like." 


Chapter 5

"Would you like me to get you anything? Clarissa asked. "How about if I read to you for a while?"
No answer.
Though Clarissa Medill had been residing at the Meadowvale Nursing Home for almost a year, it wasn't until this last week that she had formed the habit of delivering monologues to her roommate, Diane. One moment she would decide she did it to keep from going crazy, another moment she worried that it was, in fact, a definite sign of going crazy. After all, she thought, speaking to someone who never responds could possibly be considered a bit crazy.
Diane was a ninety-four-year-old who, at that final stage, wasn't much more than shriveled flesh and bone. Clarissa, though, was a trim seventy-one, forced into the home at a young age because her husband had died without insurance, leaving her childless, penniless and with heart irregularities. She and Diane shared a tiny room on the fourth floor with two beds, a dresser with attached mirror, and a wobbly coat rack made of pipes where their few limp articles of clothing hung.
The older woman sat propped up on a pillow, facing the small window at the end of their narrow closet of a room. A short plaid curtain hung from a cafe rod halfway up the opening, leaving above it a square of sky for Diane to stare into with her dark sunken eyes. Her sparse dirty hair was caked like dried seaweed into a crown. Occasionally her hand would twitch, or she'd blink her eyes. That was the only way Clarissa knew she was there at all.
"Okay, no reading."
Clarissa herself lay in bed in a short, shredded flannel nightgown. She fumbled among the sheets for a scrap of Kleenex to dab at her eyes. On the dresser, next to their clock, was a picture frame with half a dozen photographs arranged in a collage. A high school graduate beamed out from one. In an older photo, a yellowed bride and groom managed to convince themselves that their future prospects were glorious. These were all photos of Diane's family — Clarissa hadn't any idea who was who.
"Did I mention before that your family looks nice? I never had one myself — a family, I mean, unless you count a husband. Well, I never counted him so why should you?" She sniffed. "That was a joke." She swallowed, aware of the tightness in her throat. "You'll let me know if I'm boring you?"
The old woman's head bobbed slightly against a weak, desiccated cough.
Clarissa hesitated, sensing another one coming, another familiar wave of self-pity. They seemed to be washing over her more frequently lately. She reached down with both hands to massage her thighs, her calves. She couldn't bring herself to admit out loud, even to Diane, that sometimes just contemplating the simple fact that she had absolutely no one anymore could keep her awake for nights on end, always soaked in the same clammy, draining sweat. After thirty-two years of a mediocre, perfunctory marriage that she had foolishly supposed would further a career that never had a chance of materializing, she found herself without children, without career, without family, and, what would send her into a withering panic when the realization threatened to surface, without hope.
Suddenly she couldn't stay in bed. She had to get up and move around or she'd scream. Clarissa slid her legs over the edge and hoisted herself up in front of the crooked and tarnished mirror, leaning forward.
Clarissa Medill had been a vivid blonde once, strikingly attractive. Now she felt as though she'd become an old photograph of herself, just like the ones on the dresser. Her edges had softened, colors blanched. Lines now crisscrossed places that used to be smooth and supple. When she was in front of a mirror she quailed with the fear that if she didn't outline herself in rouge and pencil she might become indistinguishable from the walls.
She dabbed a spot of rouge on each cheek, smeared them around with a finger. Tying a ribbon in her shoulder-length hair she turned to the old woman. "So what do you think, Diane? Do I look like the Wicked Witch, or maybe a Christmas tree? No, don't answer that."
And Clarissa was aware that she had developed another alarming habit that plagued her. Whether she was asked or not, she would start talking about when she was an actress and a dancer. The words would just tumble out, as though she'd emptied her mind of a lifetime of joy and sadness, yet simply forgotten to sweep out that one last lump, the dream of stardom that had died a long time ago. She didn't understand why she kept coming back to it, and she could sense that it was embarrassing for those who bothered to listen. But she couldn't help it. Well, at least her lifetime of intermittent chorus dancing had given her mirror an excuse to bring her good news: she still seemed to have the body of a dancer, willowy and lean. Lately, though, there hadn't been much reason for her to exercise or even to do much of anything, so she had lost some tone, particularly in the legs where she could feel it.
Clarissa retrieved a lime-green housedress from the rack and shrugged it on over her nightgown, then leaned over to brush back a few vagrant hairs from Diane's forehead.
"Well, look kiddo, it's getting a little too noisy in here for me. I think I'll take a stroll to loosen up the legs. But don't worry, I'll be back. Maybe I can scare up some candy for you."
She stepped out into the hallway and pressed the elevator button. The hall was empty, and as usual there was no one on duty at the nurse's station. While she waited, tapping her foot, she wondered again how she ever had ended up here. Were it not for her heart trouble she might have found a more comfortable place, but the truth was she needed some watching. She knew that Meadowvale Nursing Home was her last stop. But there was still a shred of pride left in her. The last thing she wanted to show anyone here was defeat, even if that was all she felt. She would damned well retain her poise, she vowed, all the way to that inevitable day when she would fade completely away.
Strutting into the elevator, Clarissa was momentarily startled to find it occupied by Mary Ann Bloom with her perpetual charge Isabel folded neatly into her wheelchair, eyes closed. Clarissa admired Mary. At least Mary had invented a useful purpose for herself this late in life, which was more than Clarissa had been able to do.
"Did you hear about the new man?" Mary said to Clarissa.
"What new man?"
"Benjamin Harrison Campbell. He's probably downstairs at the desk right now. He's very polite. He called me 'madam.'"
Isabel opened her eyes just long enough to say, "A body called me a madam I'd pop 'im."
"We were on our way down to the Day Room, Clarissa. I'll point him out if I see him."
The elevator continued down, with Clarissa thinking about what a new man in the home meant, thinking about how the home was already proportioned.  Meadowvale Nursing Home had five stories in all. The ground level housed offices, the kitchen and dining room, the Day Room, a staff lounge and a spacious lobby. The next three levels contained the women's rooms. The top level was for men. Clarissa sighed, reflecting on this. The truth was, that's how nursing homes were usually proportioned — three or four women for every man. Sad, but she had accepted it. They all had.

***

When Benny Campbell located the counter in the lobby, the nurse behind it interrupted her reading to confront him.
"Yeah, what do you want, Pop?"
He approached her and stood as tall as he could. "Benjamin Harrison Campbell. I believe you are expecting me." His accent, crisp and cosmopolitan, even erudite, contained no trace of Midwestern twang, no hint of his humble beginnings not so very far from Chicago. She squinted over her black-framed reading glasses and her ball-bearing eyes flattened. The plastic tag at her breast read, "Grace Budka, RN."
"Yes, Mr. Campbell, we know about you."
What she knew didn't seem to please her. She leaned aside to riffle through a stack of folders, and Benny noticed she'd been reading the Bible.
She found what she was looking for. "We don't get many old jailbirds here. You're the first, matter of fact."
"I am indeed honored."
The nurse scowled, pausing to examine him. "Uh huh. Well, just fill out these top three forms, both sides, and be sure to sign them. They always forget to sign them. We'll want your Medicare and Social Security. If you have any bank accounts anywhere you'd better put them down. We'll find out about 'em anyway."
"I wouldn't think of deceiving you, dear lady." Wearily he composed his face into a mask of innocence.
With the nurse glaring at him, her mouth pinched tightly as if she were sucking a persimmon, he accepted the forms fastened onto a clipboard. Then with a chewed ballpoint pen he retreated to one of the tattered couches across the room.
The moment Benny sat down he was sorry. A moldy stink issued from the couch cushions, surrounding him, engulfing him. He interpreted it as a metaphorical taunt, which in turn forced him to face the bitter contrast between his moldering life now and what it had been when he was Benny "The Scholar" in his prime.
Having had a decade and a half in the slammer to think about it, Benny had determined that it had been his own hard-won fame, or rather infamy, that had caused his downfall. In those later years there was hardly a confidence scheme he could have pulled anywhere in the world without being recognized. Still, he had tried. A master can't simply quit, there were obligations to posterity. But he was convinced that his greatest mistake had been in coming back to the U.S. There were simply too many long memories, too many outstanding warrants, for him to slip through the cracks unnoticed no matter how clever he was.
And now, after so many years behind bars, he had been paroled as a gesture of mercy because his health was failing. The prognosis was poor, the prison doctors had told him. Their rationale for letting him out, he knew, was their belief that no man of his age and condition could be much of a threat to society. Was it true? Possibly. Here and now he wasn't sure he didn't believe it himself. What had the social worker said, with her humorless, professional sincerity? "We feel it's the humane thing to do, Mr. Campbell." Humane. Humane was for dogs and cats, he thought angrily, not Benjamin Harrison Campbell. But they decided he should spend his last days a free man, and who was he to argue? They arranged for him to stay here, at Meadowvale Nursing, because, they said, it was the only place they could get him in under the circumstances. They hadn't explained what those circumstances might be. And now that he was here he wondered how in God's name anyone could think that a place like this could be better than prison?
Nonetheless here he was, beginning to feel that, indeed, the juices finally had dried up in him. He was trying to fill out forms that he couldn't see without his glasses, which had been broken by a loutish orderly the moment he set foot in the place. Not a good omen. In fact, there hadn't been a single good omen of any kind here — not one.
Benny sensed movement and glanced over toward the cramped hall at the back of the lobby where two women pushed another older woman away from the elevators in a wheelchair. He recognized Mary and Isabel from earlier. The other woman, the tall blonde, was new, and there was something about her that sparked his interest, though he had no idea what it might be. Perhaps it was only his vague impression that she didn't fit in with the others.
He creaked to his feet to stand in the women's path, attempting with effort to light up his face the way he used to when he was charming his victims. "Good day, ladies. We meet again. And how are you this lovely evening?"
Mary smiled, looking mildly amused, Clarissa stared at him, and Isabel frowned, turning a heavily lined face upward to her friend.
"What's he say, Mary?"
"He wants to know how you are."
"Oh." She thought about it, then growled, "I'm old. Tell him I'm old."
"We didn't get a chance to introduce ourselves before. I'm Mary Ann Bloom, and this is my good friend Isabel. And this is Clarissa Medill."
Clarissa extended her hand, loose-wristed, which Benny held lightly. He bowed and touched his lips to her fingers. Straightening, he said, "Benjamin Harrison Campbell at your service."
For some reason this was too much for them. Mary began to giggle. Clarissa turned away to swallow a laugh. Isabel laughed too — not, it seemed, because she knew what had transpired. Apparently she just liked to laugh whenever she could.
Benny raised an eyebrow. He was very near annoyance because he couldn't imagine what he'd done that was so funny.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Campbell," Mary said. "We really are delighted to meet you. It's just that we don't ever see manners like yours around here. After a while common civility just seems to dry up."
"I hope it never does for you," Clarissa added with sincerity, her eyes still averted. "It's refreshing."
Mary called out to a gaunt, stately black man crossing through the lobby, "Noah, come here and meet Mr. Campbell, our newest resident."
Though he was stoop-shouldered, Noah was even taller than Benny, and when he grinned he revealed palpable warmth.
"Mr. Campbell," Noah said. He clasped Benny's hand warmly in his own large spidery hands. Suddenly his smile fell away and he frowned. "Say, you ain't one of the Colonel's spies, are you?"
"Don't start, Noah," Mary said.
Noah burst into a hearty laugh. "Can't be too careful." His close-cropped white hair seemed sprinkled over his head like sugar.
"What'll it be today, Noah?" Clarissa asked.
"Oh, I was thinking maybe a little Cole Porter — for a change, you know."
Mary took Noah's arm. "Noah is our resident musician. His father played with Scott Joplin."
"Grandfather," Noah corrected. "My grandfather played with him at the nineteen-oh-four World's Fair in St. Louis. Heard the stories a million times. I guess the piano's in my blood." He smiled again at Benny. "Tell me what you like sometime. If I know it I'll play it. I know pretty much everything was ever written — not this rock stuff, though. I don't think they write it, they just spit it out. Ain't music." He backed away with a nod and, shaking his head, wandered slowly off toward the end of the lobby opposite the elevators.
"So," Clarissa said to Benny, "are you officially one of us?"
"Eh, not quite yet it would seem. My reading glasses —" He glanced at the clipboard in his hand.
"Carl hit him and broke his glasses," Mary explained. "Can you believe it? The minute he walked in."
"Oh, I'm sorry," Clarissa said. "And now you have to fill out all those forms. Please let me help you, Mr. Campbell."
He offered up the clipboard. "You're sure it's not too much trouble?"
"Not at all. I'd love to. Really." 


Chapter 6

Leon Keck, who had recently inherited Meadowvale Nursing Home after the untimely death of his mother, Jenny Keck, sat in the office of the director with all of his six-foot-seven inches and 465 pounds crammed behind the desk that only months before had been lovingly commanded by Jenny herself. Though it was difficult fitting himself in, it was important that he sit exactly where Jenny had sat for so long.
Leon wasn't self-conscious about his appearance. Far from it. Oh, he knew there was a lot of humorous speculation around the home as to his exact weight, a lot of jokes, but it didn't bother him. Leon's size was one thing, perhaps the only thing, that truly defined him. He had been so wildly, secretly proud the day he went off scale on all but the most expensive medical instruments. He had at last managed to excel on his own, outside the stifling confines of his mother's shadow. True, he had sensed that his appearance was a heartbreak for Jenny, a trim, sturdy, conscientious woman herself, but he had also come to realize over the years that she was reluctant to confront her only child, choosing to bear silently any pain he might have caused her. On those rare occasions when she had hinted at the subject of his eating he had flown into a willful rage: "I'll eat what I want!" He remembered how Jenny would just bite her lip, hoping, he imagined, that some day things would be different. This was one of the ways he had found that he could even things between them.
At the moment, Leon was on the phone to his lawyer, Arnie Sharpe, delivering the third in a series of harangues meant to bring things to a head.
"Arnie, I'm not asking what you think, I'm telling you what to think. And what I'm telling you is, figure out whether it's worth more for me to drain this shit hole dry and then bankrupt it, or to pump it up a little and find some sucker to buy it. Is that so hard to understand? You got all the books there. You been sucking a retainer out of us for ten years. It's time to earn it! I'll call you later."
Leon hung up hard and slammed his fist onto the desk so violently that the pens and pencils skittered away.
"Fucking little weasel."
He took up a fallen photograph, framed in gold plate, of Jenny and him standing in front of the home a few years earlier, during better times. Tears formed in his eyes as he remembered, but they were as much tears of anger as of sorrow.
"I followed you around, Ma, doing whatever you wanted — whenever the fuck you wanted it."
He wiped his nose with his sleeve, then held the photograph against his forehead and closed his eyes.
"'Leon, could you please, would you please, be a dear and —?' Like a dog I followed you around — Mommy's good little boy. Shit. Now what have I got? What were you going to do for me? I came out of this with nothing but this — this —"
He gestured with a meaty arm to encompass his disappointing domain.
Leon realized that what Jenny left him would have been considered quite a lot by anyone else. After settling estate taxes and a few other hassles, he was left with outright title to a going concern, a business that provided him with a comfortable living and required only the least effort. The problem was, Leon didn't want to make any effort at all. He was through with effort, he decided. Reaching behind his head to rearrange the folds of flesh at the back of his neck, he tried to visualize what it was he really wanted.
One thing he was sure he didn't want was old people. He'd been around them for most of his life, had been forced to be with them, and had grown to despise them. As far as Leon was concerned they were ugly and slow and dumb and they were boring and they stunk. Yeah, that about covers it, he thought. All that loving, caring shit was for Jenny — it was what she did, what she was. Jenny had always had infinite sympathy for everyone except her own son, hadn't she? Especially for old people. He remembered how she would drag him around to help bathe them, or to cheer them up when they got depressed. What about when he got depressed? She hadn't seemed to notice that. And Leon always had to handle the shit work that required nothing more than a strong back — oh, and things like running to the bank and the accountant and the lawyer, things that didn't have any prerequisites at all. 
But no matter what he felt, there was faithful Leon always dragging behind the saintly Jenny. He remembered, too, how the two of them had been a fixture at the Walker Brothers' Pancake House on Green Bay Road. Practically every weekday they would eat lunch there and discuss one or the other of the daily dilemmas at the home. Leon would pack down two or three dishes — apple pancakes, German pancakes, omelets — one after the other, while Jenny would pick at a shred of bacon or toy with her scrambled eggs. And he was sure that Jenny never knew he hated every minute of it, every minute of his life with her. He doubted she even suspected. But then why did she think he ate so much?
Leon set the photograph back on the desk, flat, face down, and squeezed his palms against the sides of his head. More and more since Jenny's death, feelings that he couldn't control seemed to be overtaking him. Right now he was paralyzed by loneliness verging on terror, couldn't seem to function. There was so much to do, he knew. Too much. And just outside that office door were old people with all their wants and needs and diseases and dying. Only that thin door separated him from them. But even though he was in here, and they were out there, still they were all tied to each other by this home, no one able to escape.
That was, until now.
For the last month or so Leon had been formulating his plans to escape, and he knew he was just clever enough to do it, if he could just find the energy. Which he would. He'd come too far to turn back now.
Overhead, a sickly light flickered from the lone working fluorescent tube of the three lined up in their grimy egg-carton fixture. The windows were boarded up, the only light from outside trickling in through a jagged seam between plywood sheets. Leon could feel perspiration beading up on his face, and suddenly, just as it always had, his rage at the old people, at this place, took over. With one sweep of a massive ham he cleared the surface of the desk. Then, shoving off with his stomach, he rolled back and lurched from his chair. Rage had the power to focus him, allow him a kind of rigid, mechanical self-control. He stood up and tried futilely to tuck his shirt in, testing at the same time his ability to place one foot in front of the other. Yes, he could do it now. Once again he was able to walk out that door, to face his ancient jailers.

***

In the Day Room, where Mary and Isabel and Clarissa had been heading when Benny Campbell waylaid them, a small clutch of elderly women had convened to generate and spread gossip. They ignored Noah, who had come in a few minutes before. He sat at a scarred upright piano against the wall with his eyes shut, planning what he would play.
Here the residual smell of urine was stronger, and the room was as bleak as any others in the home, with its peeling wallpaper and shredded carpet. In the far corner a small TV set displayed its gently rolling picture in silence. The wall to the right of the entrance was lined with windows, four of them, each with its patchwork of faded stick-on Christmas decorations from some long-ago celebration. And each was boarded up from the outside. Collapsed folding chairs were stacked in uneven rows against the opposite wall along with a few folded bridge tables. A dozen or so of these same chairs had been set up and placed randomly around three wobbly tables. For privacy, the women had gathered their own chairs close together at the table nearest the center of the room.
"I heard Mr. Wilson was near to death when they found him."
"Well, it still isn't as bad as what they did to Mrs. Addison. Now she needs a wheelchair all the time, and she never did before. And they think there's brain damage."
"They don't know anything. She was always a little batty."
"Well no matter what you say, I'm not going out of this building without an armed guard."
"You're right there. I'm just sick about it. We might as well be prisoners here, as if the good Lord went and abandoned us."
Hearing footsteps, they turned in unison to watch Mary pushing Isabel into the room.
"Well, here come the Siamese twins. Don't you both look well."
Mary was used to the teasing. "Why, thank you so much, dear. Hello Emily, Vera. I don't suppose any of you noticed our newcomer this evening."
"Another old crow to make up stories about."
"No, I mean the gentleman. He's outside with Clarissa now. She's helping him fill out his admission forms."
"A gentleman? Forget 'gentleman.' Is he alive? That's all I care about."
"Yes, and, well, he has a certain look about him."
"You notice anything at all with a spark of life in this place, Honey."
"I suppose. But he's tall, very distinguished looking."
"My husband was distinguished looking — right up to the day he drank himself to death."
One of the other cats couldn't resist. "I'm sure if he drank himself to death he had his reasons."
Before the claws could come out, Clarissa, who floated in with an uncharacteristic lilt to her step, interrupted them. She was usually a mope, so they all noticed the change. "So, Clarissa, who's your friend?"
She played it coyly, enjoying her privileged position. "You mean Mr. Campbell? We've only just met." She tried to smile shyly but broke into a broad grin despite herself. "Oh, what the heck, you'll find out soon enough. He's moving in today. He's quite different, though. He has — manners."
"He thinks I'm old," Isabel croaked.
Just then Noah launched into a spirited honky-tonk rendition of Cole Porter's "Anything Goes." He had to change key several times because a lot of the keys were broken, but he finally found one that wasn't too bad, and a few of the women started singing softly to themselves, gently rocking in their chairs to the rhythm:

"In olden days a glimpse of stocking
Was looked on something shocking
But now, God knows, anything goes..."

***

Wyshell Potts had heard a few misty rumors about bad things happening around the neighborhood to guys like him but he hadn't paid much attention. Why should he? Bad things never happened to Wyshell. He was always the lucky one, everyone said so — which was why he hardly thought anything about it when he whacked that old lady in the face and grabbed her bag. Who could stop him? Who could even catch him in his stolen Nikes, running like the Flash? Fucking money was there for the taking, why not take it?
Behind the hardware store Wyshell crouched alongside some garbage drums to see how much he'd gotten away with. He popped open the metal latch on the purse...
The bag instantly exploded, and he wailed in agony.
Searing pain tore through his hands, his lips bled. My face, he thought, fucking eyes. Fuck! Can't see.
He smeared his sleeve across his eyes. When he was finally able to focus, he realized that what for a moment had looked like a piece of dog shit lying on the ground was really a finger — his own fucking finger for Christ's sake, lying in the dirt like a turd! From that moment on there was no way he could stop. He shrieked and cried, screaming and screaming and screaming until his throat was raw and even then he kept on screaming...

***

Benny Campbell waited while Nurse Budka reviewed the forms he'd filled out with Clarissa's help. He'd felt a measure of embarrassment when he had to reveal certain personal information to Clarissa, but she'd been gracious enough to transcribe it without comment. Now and then the nurse looked up from the forms with narrowed eyes, twitching her cramped hyphen of a mouth. When she was satisfied she leaned across the counter on folded arms.
"All right Mr. Campbell. Your room is on the top floor, five-twelve. Meals are at seven AM, twelve noon and four-thirty PM on the dot. You miss a meal, you starve. Clothes go into the common pool. You can pick out what you like from the cleaning on Mondays and Thursdays. No holding out or you'll be punished, except you can hold onto those rags you're wearing. I doubt if anyone around here would want 'em." She took a breath before resuming in her bored drone. "The doctor comes every two weeks unless there's an emergency, and there never is. If you're not here when he comes, you'll have to go another two weeks. And you soil your clothes you change 'em yourself — the staff only changes the cripples. You got all that? You forget anything I tell you, there's a card on the back of your door to remind you."
The nurse stretched closer to Benny and lowered her voice to a hoarse whisper. "One other thing, Campbell. The Lord can see you everywhere, and He always knows what you're doing, so just watch what you get up to."
Benny stood without moving, his gaze riveted to hers, unsure how to respond. Listening to this witch, he felt substantially older than he had just moments ago, and he wanted only to be away. Without taking his eyes off of her he bent his knees and reached to fetch his bag. And suddenly he sighted what he at first imagined was a whale off the port railing. But no, it was a shockingly bloated giant churning through the lobby, coming right at him with white shirttails flying, buttons popped to reveal a chocolate-stained T-shirt. The sight was unnerving at the very least.
"Everything okay here, Grace? No trouble?"
"No Mr. Keck, no trouble. This is Mr. Campbell, the one they phoned about from the State? Mr. Campbell, this is Mr. Leon Keck, the owner of Meadowvale Nursing Home."
"And the director."
"And the director," Nurse Budka corrected herself.
Benny recovered and extended his hand. "Benjamin Harrison Campbell at your —"
"I thought so," Leon said. "I thought so. All I want to tell you, Campbell, there's any hint of trouble — just a peep, you hear me? — you're outta here. Do I make myself clear?"
"Crystal."
"And I mean missing handkerchiefs or books or candy or anything. I know about troublemakers like you."
Benjamin Campbell had sized up Leon and ached to say, "It must be a gigantic feeling indeed," but he didn't dare. In his former business, reading people was essential, and one look into the big man's eyes was enough to convince him that he might well be sailing into the path of some perverse kind of gathering storm. He would do well to steer clear of this Leon Keck.
Leon, as though suddenly deciding that he had gone too far, wiped his hands on his shirttails. His mood seemed to soften. "Well, then, Mr. Campbell, have a nice stay with us."
Benny started to walk away when Nurse Budka called out, "By the way. You're the lucky one gets to room with the Colonel."
He could hear mirthless laughter behind him as he continued briskly toward the elevators. 


Chapter 7

The walk from the Meadowvale Nursing Home to the mailbox was only two blocks. Still, Mandy knew she shouldn't be out, not with all the trouble they'd been having. The problem was, her grandson's thirtieth birthday was in four days. She'd been sick lately, unable to buy a card any sooner, and now if it didn't get in the mail right away it wouldn't get there in time. It wouldn't do for it to be late.
She rocked from side to side in the fading light, walking like a wooden toy without bending at the knees. It hurt her too much to bend her knees with the arthritis. But, she thought, it's for Robbie, after all. Her grandson would receive the card just in time and would write and thank her, give her all the news about her great-grandchildren. She was already looking forward to it. The idea of a receiving a letter so filled her thoughts that she didn't notice the group of boys along the parkway until she was nearly upon them. One of them, maybe twelve years old, plump, with dirt-brown hair, hopped over the low chain fence surrounding the muddy rectangle that used to be a lawn and swaggered up in front of her, planting himself smugly with his fists at his hips.
"Toll booth, lady. You pay, or you stay." The other boys chuckled at that.
Mandy said nothing, only clutched her purse to her breast. She didn't have the mobility to go around him, not the way he stood in front of her like that.
"Pay up, or I'll call the highway patrol."
She clutched the purse tighter and began to whimper. Her eyes were squeezed shut.
"Time's up. Now you gotta pay a fine." He reached for the purse and she turned, but it was the wrong way and the low chain fence caught her shins. She plunged face forward into the dirt, on top of the bag, still holding tight. Some of the other boys edged over.
"Give it up lady. You're resisting arrest. This is serious shit." They poked at her, trying to roll her off the purse, but she was tensed from head to toe, stiff as death. It wasn't clear in the confusion which of them kicked first, but within moments three or four of them landed blows. Mandy couldn't seem to scream. She only whimpered as the blows came. Once or twice there was a cracking like the faint sound of rotten branches giving way. Mandy had never been particularly active, she knew that osteoporosis had left her bones like eggshells. More kicks were followed by more cracking. But now there wasn't any more whimpering. Though she was still face down guarding her purse, she didn't know it, having lost consciousness. The birthday card had flown loose and was scudding along in the gutter, propelled by the light evening breeze.
And suddenly the attack stopped and the boys were gone, frightened off by the approach of Consuela Melendez. Connie, who the residents all agreed was the only nurse's aide in all of Meadowvale who really cared about them, had been on the way to her shift when she saw what was happening. Without thinking she screamed and ran at the boys, and now here she was, her face streaked with tears, sitting in the dirt in her white uniform cradling Mandy's battered head. Connie didn't notice the birthday card in its pink envelope down the street, and wouldn't have known what it was if she had. She felt only heartsick.

***

While he waited for the elevator, recovering from the daunting effrontery of Leon Keck and Nurse Budka, Benny Campbell noticed Clarissa hurrying toward him. He could hear piano music coming from the room behind her — Noah, he guessed, playing pretty well — some kind of rag or jazz number.
"Hello again, Mr. Campbell."
Clarissa smiled at him, then lifted her attention to the numbered lights above the elevator doors, none of which were lit. Before, when she had been helping with the forms, he'd been too irritated and preoccupied to notice much about her, but now Benny took the time to notice. She was shapely, almost athletic. But she wore too much makeup, and her lime green dress wasn't very appealing. Still, there was something about her — that ribbon in her hair. She turned and caught him watching. Blinking, she looked down at her feet then back at him. She clasped her hands together, pressed them away with fingers intertwined, palms out.
"Mr. Campbell, I hope you don't mind me asking. I don't want to pry, really —"
"But you want to know why I was in prison."
"I'm sorry. It sounds so awful when you say it like that."
"Not as awful as being there, I assure you."
"Were you —?"
"I am — was — what is known as a confidence man, a con man, a grifter, a sharpie. But unfortunately I wasn't sharp enough to stay in Europe where I belonged."
"You lived in Europe? Oh my, that sounds so glamorous." Her face darkened. "In your work you didn't ever — eh —"
"Kill anyone?" Benny said. He was used to the question. "Heavens no. I deplore violence. If the prize couldn't be won by the shrewd application of intellect, then I let it go." He paused. "If I had, would you have been afraid of me?"
"Of course not. At our age the past is just stories, isn't it? I'm not afraid of stories."
"I see."
"A con man in Europe. It sounds so exciting, all that intrigue — like on television. Is that your real name, Benjamin Harrison Campbell?"
"One of the few genuine aspects of my career."
"I mean, your name is certainly — impressive. And you seem — you look — dignified."
"Dignified! Dear me. But I suppose I've tried to cultivate a certain dignity. It was always useful in my work."
She giggled like a girl, touching her fingertips to her mouth so that he had to look closely to reassure himself of her age. He noticed that her dress was lumpy in places. Was that a nightgown she was wearing underneath? Odd.
Again she glanced up at the darkened elevator lights. "I was an actress, years ago. And a dancer. Modern, mostly. I was even in a movie with Fred Astaire once — just in the chorus though."
"Really. I imagine you were quite good."
"Good, but not good enough. It's a long story."
A chime sounded and the elevator car shuddered to a halt, door panels groaning open. Holding the bucking door with his wrist, Benny waited politely for her to enter while he tried at the same time to slide his suitcase along. Clarissa recognized his difficulty and hurried to keep the door from closing, reaching over his shoulder.
"Here, let me —"
He stood to say something and they bumped together — nothing really, but it stopped them both for a moment while they locked eyes. He furrowed his brow and turned. Neither commented while Benny trundled his suitcase in over the misaligned floor levels and the door panels banged shut.
They again faced the elevator door, this time from the inside. The car lurched on its way up, shimmying under the unevenness of its age-worn machinery.
"I saw you with Leon," Clarissa said. "Isn't he dreadful? Like a gargoyle."
"If you are referring to that bloated leviathan out there in the lobby, I fear you slander gargoyles."
She laughed. "Did you ever do any acting? You sound like one — an actor I mean. I used to know quite a few actors."
"In a way, yes. The confidence game is really all acting. I've assumed a role or two. But you could say I'm better known for my scholarly pursuits."
They continued staring at the door as the car crawled upward. Clarissa waited for a moment before speaking again.
"Well?"
"I beg your pardon?"
"Your scholarly pursuits. Weren't you going to tell me about them?"
He turned to her. Her eyes were round and, at this moment he suspected, artificially innocent.
"Forgive me — eh — Mrs. Medill —"
"Please call me Clarissa."
"Clarissa, I'm sorry. I — I've had a difficult time these last few days. If you'll allow me, I'd very much like to discuss the sad tale of my life some other time. Perhaps we could compare notes. Right now I'm — tired."
To his relief the elevator wheezed to a stop on the fourth floor. Clarissa disembarked into the hall, leaning back in for one last word.
"All right, Mr. Campbell. But we're neighbors now — just one floor away — and neighbors are always — neighborly. Good evening."
On the way to the top floor Benny Campbell tried to apply his analytical mind to what had gone on, why he'd provoked such interest. But as he had explained to her, he was tired and couldn't possibly make sense of it now. It would come to him later. A dancer was she? Or an actress? Fancy that. There did seem to be something about the woman that... Well, he was just too tired to worry about it.

***

Clarissa bounded from the elevator into the hallway. Funny, she thought. Just an hour ago she had been oh, so tired. Nothing seemed to matter. Yet here she was now, actually hurrying to do something. And she was not the least bit tired — not at all. Clarissa couldn't seem to fathom completely the source of her new energy, nor could she believe she'd been so brazen with Mr. Campbell. But she wasn't sorry. She chuckled to herself and strolled to her room, carelessly light of step.


Chapter 8

Old Mr. Bingham was parked in his wheelchair, just inside his tiny room, watching the grim hallway. He wondered idly if the clanking elevator was coming here to the men's floor. As usual, half the bare bulbs in the corridor were out, the rest were caked to a fraction of their brightness with fried bugs. The walls were painted the same sickly olive as the lobby, and the uncarpeted floor was sticky with substances whose origins he could only guess at. Facing the two elevator doors was a counter behind which an aide or an orderly should have been on duty, but there was no one in sight. At this moment it wouldn't have done any good to push an emergency call button — no one would see the light on the board. But then, most of the call buttons didn't work, so no one bothered to push them anyway. Mr. Bingham had tried complaining. All they had told him was, "What the hey? If you need something just give a shout down to the staff lounge. Is that so big a deal?" After that he knew there was no use pursuing it further.

What troubled him now, though, was that Consuela Melendez was supposed to be on duty here at this particular station this evening, and she was always very conscientious. In fact, he'd heard that she was the subject of quite a few jokes among the other aides and even that crazy Nurse Budka, as if they considered conscientiousness a fault.
Mr. Bingham had been looking forward to seeing Connie. She was the only one who would talk to him as if he was a person. There had to be a very good reason for her to be late for her shift. He hoped she was the one in the approaching elevator, but no, she wasn't. One of the doors gaped open and a tall, lean man with a moustache struggled out dragging a suitcase.   

***

Benjamin Harrison Campbell felt dizzy. He wondered how long this nightmare would last, and what he would find when he woke up — if he woke up. How had it all come down to this? He tried to puzzle out his path here to the Meadowvale Nursing Home. In Chicago, way back in the early 'forties, he had been running one-liners — short cons — under the tutelage of the infamous "Yellow Kid" Weil. Those were the days — his "primary education" was how he liked to put it. And that was long before he'd acquired a sense of class and headed off to Europe to earn his title as "The Scholar."
Years later, at his best, there were few legitimate experts in art or historical treasures anywhere on the Continent who could trip him up. His skill at the con, his boldness and his love of books and knowledge certainly paid off in spades. For more than twenty years he had lived like a king — better than some of them, poor dethroned royal bastards — on other people's money, though admittedly he'd had to retain a certain mobility. Lately, vivid recollections of long-forgotten accomplices and victims from around the globe seemed to flash into his mind at the oddest times.
But what he had begun to suspect, and didn't like to think about, was that for all those years of living a series of dishonest lives, he may have ended up selling off the real Benny Campbell for easy cash and transient privilege. Maybe a purgatory like this place was what he deserved after all, the only possible place he could have ended up after a life spent trying to be something he wasn't. Remembering it all, here and now in this filth, gave him a pang, and he had to straighten for a moment, straining against the weight of the case in his hand.
Benny squinted to read the room numbers. Room 512, where he was headed, was at the end of the hall, farthest from the bathroom and from the elevators. It was close to the fire stairs, though. That was probably good.
Before he could place a hand on the knob, the door opened and a grizzled man wearing sunglasses and a navy beret peered out, searching past him along both sides of the hall. It was Colonel Cobb.
"Hurry up. Come in and close the door."
"I — I believe I live here. Room 512?"
"Yes, yes, I know. Campbell. Come in."
The Colonel took the case from him and stepped back, tossing it easily onto one of the two beds crammed into the narrow room. Benny noticed that the beds were high so you didn't have to bend. That part was okay, but there was hardly enough room to turn around between them without bumping into yourself. He judged that there was actually less usable room here than there had been in his prison cell.
When the door was safely shut the Colonel turned, reaching out a callused hand and clamping it firmly around Benny's. "Benny 'The Scholar' Campbell, late of Stateville. Age seventy-six. Height six-foot-three — at least it was, we all know how that goes. Weight, well, that changes too, doesn't it? No distinguishing features — an asset, I'm sure, in your profession. No permanent address. No living relatives. Chronic heart failure — on permanent medication. Did I leave out anything important?"
The extent of the information the Colonel, until today a complete stranger, possessed, surprised Benny, but he didn't want to show it. "Largely correct as far as it goes. I'm afraid you have the advantage."
"That's just a little sample of how efficient we can be. Permission to call you Benny?"
"Benny is fine — anything."
"Good. Benny it is. Just call me Colonel."
Colonel Cobb unsnapped the catches on Benny's bag and opened it flat. He began sifting through it. "You know, you can't be too careful when you're —"
"Eh, excuse me Colonel, but that's my bag you're ransacking."
"Oh, no, Benny, not ransacking. Security check. Of course I don't have any fancy equipment, but it's usually easy to tell just by looking if there's a bug in here. I have to know you're not a plant."
Benny wasn't sure if he should be angry or sympathetic. "I can assure you I am not a plant, Colonel. But even if I were, I would likely be a bird of paradise, and we all know there's nothing to fear from a bird of paradise."
The Colonel chuckled. "Bird of paradise. Hah! That's good, I like that. It's all right, Benny, I understand. No one takes me seriously at first. But you will."
The lone window at the end of the room stood open several inches, and the insistent sound of a siren reached up from below, probably from right down the block if Benny had to guess. To the right of the window was a small American flag stuck to the wall with thumbtacks. When the Colonel made a move forward to pat him down, Benny took a step back and raised his hands. The Colonel backed away.
"Yes, well, never mind. I guess you're clean."
"I'm so glad you feel that way."
"Benny, I think you could be a big help to a lot of people around here — with your skills. You're a field commander's dream come true."
The Colonel had crossed his arms and was smiling — at least with his mouth. Benny couldn't see his eyes.
Benny bristled. "Whatever it is you're talking about, Colonel, you've left me completely in the dark."
"Come over here, Benny. I want you to see something."
The Colonel took him by the arm and they sidestepped single-file along the narrow slot separating the beds. At the window the Colonel handed him a pair of binoculars. Dusk had settled into the streets, quieting all but the ruckus down below.
"Look down there. You see where the flashing lights are?"
Benny focused the lenses and watched as paramedics slid a stretcher into an ambulance. A young, dark-haired nurse in a white uniform stood off to the side talking to a policeman.
"What you're looking at is one of ours — a casualty being taken to base hospital by field medics. Do you understand what I'm saying?"
Benny sighed. "I wish I did."
"It's a war, Benny. A war."
"Who is that down there, really?"
"Mandy Hemlisch. She's so crippled she can hardly walk. Lord knows what she was doing out there. But she didn't have any cover and they got her."
"Who got her?"
Now the Colonel appeared irritated. "The enemy, the enemy. Look around you, Benny. You see someone under forty, fifty and the odds are higher than the rocket's red glare they're enemy. It's one of those obvious facts that no one wants to face."
The hairs at the back of Benny's neck stiffened. Just when he thought he'd seen the worst of Meadowvale Nursing Home he discovered he was bunking with a psychopath. "Are you telling me you want to wage war on everyone under forty?"
"Not everyone. No, of course not. Just the ones who've declared war on us. We can fight back. We have the experience, the tools. We just don't have the organization — or at least we didn't until recently."
Colonel Cobb paused for a moment and Benny took the opportunity to gather the items from his case where the Colonel had left them heaped. He placed a few things neatly into an empty bureau drawer and hung his suit coat in the battered wardrobe that took up too much room in the corner. Finally the Colonel answered Benny's silence.
"Oh, hell, I know what you're thinking. Look at you. Look at me, covered with liver spots and moles, hairs sticking out all over in the wrong places. But what does that mean, a little flab, a little stoop? Aren't we the same people inside? Where does it say that at a certain age you have to turn into a spineless deserter?"
Benny brushed out the folds in his best white shirt, his eyes fixed somewhere beyond the confines of the room. Slow to respond, he said finally, "I don't know, Colonel. You become weak, sick." He thought again of his heart. Until now he hadn't realized how heavily his condition had been weighing on him. Suddenly he was beyond tired, feeling an overwhelming weariness burrow deep into his bones.
"But Benny, that's when you compensate, don't you see? You lose an engine, you feather the prop and shift all the power to the engines that are left. You go on flying with what you have."
The Colonel plucked a small photo framed in cardboard from their common bureau and passed it to Benny. Without his reading glasses Benny couldn't tell what it was a photo of, but he acted as if he could.
"That's me, in France. Three times I was dropped in to help organize the resistance — Dijon, Nancy, the Rhone Valley. We fought like hell there, I can tell you." He chuckled to himself. "We had those dumb Krauts chasing their tails till they were half crazy. But the mistake you make is thinking it's all over when you win. Do you really think it stops there? No sir, mister. It never stops."
Benny recalled for a moment his own invasion of France. It had been several years after the war and was more in the nature of a personal invasion for profit. There hadn't been anything noble about it. But it certainly had been dangerous, and one time he had escaped a public hanging by the thinnest of margins. Still, in the face of this abrasively persistent Colonel he felt cowardly. He just wanted to lie down now, to be left alone.
"Colonel," Benny said, "all my life I have carefully avoided associations with anyone connected with either religion or insurance, because they are bound by their unholy vows to try to sell you something. Perhaps I was mistaken in not including the military. There is absolutely nothing I can do for you. Now if you will please leave me in peace. I assure you, you won't even know I'm here. Please."
The Colonel removed his sunglasses and pushed his face close to Benny's. Even without his own glasses Benny could see angry gouges across the bridge of the Colonel's nose where the sunglasses had grown into him over the years. The Colonel was not an impressively tall man, Benny realized, but he had intense brown eyes, and thick, fly-away eyebrows that spoke of action, and if time had pushed some of his features around, Benny could still see how he must have been square-jawed and all business in his youth. Rope-like muscles coiled and flexed under dry, brittle skin, and the consummate military man spoke in a low, intimate tone, his eyes shining.
"You'll see, Benny The Scholar. You'll soon see the enemy for what they are. And then, if I'm any judge of a man, you'll think of something to do about it, and you'll be busting a gut for my help. I promise you that. I do promise you that." 


Chapter 9

Detective Pickard was lounging at his desk, feet up, coffee cup in hand, reading the local newspaper and shaking his head in disgust when his partner Brian Matthews ambled in. Matthews seemed agitated.
"Scotty, old buddy, we have to push for some leads on this case — fast, before the whole town goes nuts. There's three new maimings already this week, and you want to know what just came in downstairs?"
"No, I don't think I want to know. I been reading here where some smartass reporter is calling the old lady bomber Granny Frag."
"Granny Frag. What the hell does that mean?"
"It's from the army — you know, a fragmentation grenade. Over in 'Nam when some of the guys didn't like the way their lieutenant tied his shoelaces they'd wait for a combat situation and a fragmentation grenade would, like, accidentally blow him away. They fragged him."
"I see. And so now we got somebody fragging all the punks and felons in the area." Matthews clucked. "Shit, pretty soon it's gonna be like Iran or something where you can always tell the thieves — they're the ones without the hands."
Pickard tapped a pencil against his front teeth in contemplation. "I don't know. Granny Frag. I guess I like it. Now every time some punk gets his fingers and thumbs blasted away we have another official Granny Frag incident. It has a ring to it."
"Well I hope it doesn't ring too loud. Downstairs this kid comes in —".
"I don't want to hear about it."
"And he has this gory hunk of flesh and bone in a Popsicle wrapper —"
"I really don't want to hear about it."
"And he wants to know is it maybe some criminal's finger —"
"Brian, I don't want to hear about this."
"Eight years old for Christ's sake."
Pickard stared at Matthews, curious despite himself. "And was it — a finger?"
"Hell no. It was the hind end of a squirrel some dog or cat must have mangled. But the point is, the whole town is like that kid, thinking it's a big game. They're almost looking forward to the next set of bloody stumps. It's setting a very bad example, not to mention making us look stupid."
"So what you're saying is we better stop it quick before we get a bunch of copy cats out there trying to outdo each other with firepower."
"I'm saying, if we don't get a lead soon we could maybe start to see double parkers getting hit with gasoline bombs. Thing like this could get way out of hand, you're not careful."
Pickard raised his hand to stop Matthews. "Say no more, partner. I'm in here looking for a pattern, searching for ideas. You're out there listening to the street. Either one of us comes up with anything we'll sit down and try to put it together."
"Yeah, right," Matthews replied with irritation, wondering why all this couldn't have gone down when it was Pickard's turn to be out on the street.
Pickard went back to his reading and the conversation was over, but Matthews stood for a few moments longer, staring into space. Finally he took a deep breath, exhaled loudly and left.


Chapter 10

The self-appointed Residents' Committee of the Meadowvale Nursing home was composed mainly of pacifists, those old people who were sure all it would take was common sense and an appeal to decency to set things right. Certainly, they believed, once Leon Keck was made aware of the problems he would correct them. It only made sense. Approach people calmly and rationally and they will respond in kind.
The Committee convened in the Day Room this early morning. They had agreed to discuss the recent problems at Meadowvale Nursing Home and to put together a list of recommendations for Leon Keck to review. There were three women and one man, a representative from each floor, huddled around a card table. One old woman had a pencil poised to take notes.
"Let's face it, this place — I guess it was never the best."
"Yes, but while Jenny Keck was in charge it wasn't the worst either, Lord knows."
"Oh, yes. I — I agree. She didn't, well, have that much money to work with, but she gave it her best. And she used to get that hippopotamus son of hers to do some work now and then."
"Now he just sits in his office farting — you'll forgive my French, ladies."
"It's true. Jenny — was so sweet — she made us all feel like a family. Now —"
"In just eleven months — hasn't it been that long? Let's see — oh, I don't know. Anyway, Leon has practically ruined the place."
"If he was my son —"
"Well you can thank God every day of your life that he's not."
"I'd see he learned some respect."
"Look, all we want — what we want is for him to see that the basic things are done around here. Let's not push for — you know — um — too much."
"So are we ready to make a list?"
"Ready. Wait — oh, my, I broke my pencil. Let me see if there's another one in my purse."
"Here, use this one."
"Thank you, dear. Thank you so much. All right, I'm ready."
"First I think he should make out duty schedules like Jenny used to do. Remember? The way it is, nobody around here — the aides or the orderlies — nobody knows what to do any more. When they don't know what to do they just sit in the lounge all day."
"Write that down: 'Duty schedule.' What else?"
"Somebody should tell that awful Mr. Argend that he shouldn't pee in the hall. It's a joke with the staff: 'Look, he's peeing in his favorite spot again, ha ha.' I saw them tossing a coin to see who would clean it up. Well, it's got to stop. We have to live here."
"Oh, I know. He just unzips and lets fly whenever he feels like it. Disgusting."
"What would you put that under?"
"Basic discipline?"
"Good. 'Basic discipline.' Write that down. What else?"
"Well, maybe the staff needs to be reminded of normal respect for —"
"Except for Connie. She's always respectful."
"I know. She's a doll. But she's the only one."
"You know how Mrs. Mulligan tries to keep apples in her room?"
"Kitty Mulligan: 'An apple a day keeps the doctor away.'"
"Well, last week she came back to her room early and found that dreadful boy — is it Carl? — eating her last apple."
"No!"
"And he just laughed right in her face and pushed her."
"My goodness. What did she do?"
"Nothing. She was scared stiff he'd come back and do something horrible to her — hit her or something. They say he's done it before."
"I believe it. He's probably a criminal. Oh — it's so — oh. But that's what I mean. The staff needs to be told to respect us."
"So should I write down 'Respect from the staff?'"
"What? Oh, yes — um — that sounds right."
Half an hour later they had a neatly penciled list of recommendations. They discussed who should present the list to Leon Keck, and in the end they decided that they should all go. They felt that all together they would carry more authority.


Chapter 11

Carl Weably saw definite advantages in working for minimum wage. For example, you couldn't go any lower. He figured it was the same feeling of power you must get in prison when you're in for life. What more can they do except maybe fry you? And Carl liked his present arrangement. This was his sixth job in four years as an orderly in a nursing home. He had been fired twice for stealing, twice for gross misconduct — though by mutual agreement the details were not recorded — and once he just plain quit, walked out so he could catch a series with the Mets at Wrigley Field. He was an avid Cubs fan. Sometimes he wondered why he always came back to the same crummy work, but the answer he knew was simple: no one else would hire him.
Carl realized that the rest of the world thought he was scum. And he also knew they could go fuck themselves. He had never finished high school, thought it was a big waste of time. For as long as he could remember all he had ever wanted to do was nothing whatsoever, and he had carried that unwavering ambition throughout his career. When he talked at all about his job, maybe at a bar with his buddies or somewhere, he liked to say, "It don't pay much, but at least the work is shitty." He thought that made him sound extremely clever.
And getting fired didn't scare him in the slightest. There must be a hundred nursing homes in the area all desperate for somebody to clean up the piss and the shit. Which was no big deal, you just take a deep breath and hold. If you have to breathe, you breathe through your mouth. That was Carl's one true job skill. And if he needed a new job, all he had to do was walk in, smile at the head nurse, and he was hired. They were always desperate. The only criterion he had for a job was that it couldn't be too far from Wrigley Field.
In fact, the Cubs were playing this afternoon, and Carl was going to be there, in the bleachers. That's why he was at the home an hour early, to get his few chores out of the way so he could leave in time to catch the bus and not get stuck in traffic. He stormed into Millie Kaefertal and Sarah Bontone's room carrying a small tray with a cup of medicine on it.
"Hey! Up an' at 'em. Busy day, ladies, busy day."
Millie's eyes popped open but Carl could see she obviously hadn't any idea where she was. It was almost funny, he thought, the way a lot of these old crotches woke up, and the mornings seemed to be the hardest. They would just lie there trying to figure it out all over again. Their minds just didn't have the horsepower any more and there was no use forcing it, so you just had to take your time and wait for them to tune in. That was the way Carl usually worked it. Only, this morning he didn't have the time.

On the other bed, Carl checked Sarah and found what he didn't want to find: she'd wet herself. Her nightgown was soaked. It would all have to be changed, but damned if Carl would do it. He was on a tight schedule here. Pulling her nightgown way up to her neck he could see her loose naked flesh, like an overboiled chicken with the meat sagging off the bone, and he stared at her in disgust.
"Goddamn it! I told you yesterday to be careful. I told you I wouldn't have time for this kind of crap."
Sarah stared at him blankly. Apparently she didn't remember anything, and right now she seemed frightened by the way Carl yelled at her. His face reddened, and a shock of long oily hair swung across his forehead.
"You know, just for that you can swim in it till somebody else notices. Maybe next time you'll listen to me."
He turned to Millie. "It's medicine time, lady. Open up for Carl."
"Who? Wh — eh —"
He held a small paper cup filled with pink fluid in his hand and he was trying to get her to sit up.
"It's Carl. Carl! Time for your medicine."
Carl knew he wasn't supposed to be dispensing medicine. Technically only nurses were supposed to do that, but there was only one nurse, and she was busy. Besides, she'd swear she doled it out herself. Everybody knew the routine. And Millie here still appeared disoriented, couldn't seem to place his name. She hadn't even worked out what planet she was on. He waited impatiently while she strained to remember.
"It's Carl, for Chrissakes. Carl! Now sit up and drink."
Finally he gripped the back of her neck and forced her head up.
"Come on. Drink, drink, drink, drink —"
Drink, drink, drink. The chant had a familiar rhythm that triggered a murky connection in Millie's memory. Yes, Karl, she remembered. Prince Karl of Karlsburg. We're on stage, and Prince Karl, the Student Prince, is in Heidelberg, singing for his friends in that lovely beer garden. Oh, what a play that was. The sparkling uniforms. And wasn't Millie beautiful in her dirndl as the barmaid whom Karl loved and left? And Karl's voice was like silver coins tinkling in the air: "Drink, drink, drink to eyes that are / bright as stars when they're shining on me. / Drink, drink, drink..."
"Oh, Prince Karl," she said, dreamily.
"Ah, jeez. I ain't no prince. Just drink this shit. You hear me? C'mon."
"Karl?" Millie, lost in fancy in Sigmund Romberg's musical world, didn't quite know why Prince Karl was slapping her face.
"All right. Hell with you. Don't say I didn't try."
For some reason Prince Karl forced sticky liquid into her mouth, with most of it running down her chin and onto her neck. Why would he do that? "Karl? What —?"
Millie curled her lips against her toothless gums, tasting something foul, while the inn at Heidelberg faded to a hopeless gray. She blinked. Was that Carl, the nasty orderly, tossing a crumpled paper cup at her? Now he tore the sheets away from her roommate's bed. Poor old Sarah was yanked halfway to the floor, groaning. Why was he doing that to her?
"Now maybe you'll think twice you want to piss all over yourself, huh?"
Millie watched him pick up a tray and turn to leave. When he noticed her gaping at him, her tongue hanging out, he paused and snorted.
"The hell you lookin' at?"
Out in the hall a half dozen doors stood open just a crack, wavering, concealing fragile crepe faces with liquid eyes and glinting bifocals. There had been some kind of fracas and the ladies had ventured to watch Carl. On an impulse he raised his arms and bellowed like a sea lion, and half a dozen doors snapped shut quick as clams. And Carl, whooping with laughter, rode the elevator down to the first floor where he planned to leave as soon as possible to catch a bus for Clark Street. This place, he thought, shit, sometimes it just ain't worth it.


Chapter 12

Although Rebecca Starkey was confined to a wheelchair, the Colonel acknowledged her stern will and deep desire to be useful. When she begged him to let her do something to help he finally gave in, but only if she would be satisfied with sentry duty. Today, for the squad's eleventh meeting, he gave Mrs. Starkey a silver whistle clipped to a braided plastic lanyard, which she hung around her neck. He thought she looked like a shrunken gym teacher.
"All right now, Mrs. Starkey, when you see unauthorized personnel coming toward us, just blow the whistle."
She was unable to contain her enthusiasm. "Oh, I will, Colonel, I will. Er, is Mary authorized?"
"Yes."
"Is Isabel authorized?"
"Yes, Isabel's authorized."
"Is Jeanette authorized?"
"Look, I'll make this very simple for you, Mrs. Starkey. If you see something moving and it doesn't have gray hair, just blow the whistle. You can do that, can't you?"
"Oh, yes sir, Colonel."
"I knew I could count on you."
The regular meetings of the Colonel's squad were held here in the Day Room during the early afternoon when most of the staff was busy elsewhere. They set the TV volume high to cover their conversation, and they gathered in the corner farthest from it. There were seven of them now, up from four at the first session, even after losing Barbara McGuire because a purse snatcher had given her a nasty black eye. They huddled in folding chairs around a bridge table, faces staring intently across its torn cloth surface.
Each day this week they had sent out the ladies, code name Sitting Ducks, to locate their "targets," street criminals who needed to be taught a permanent lesson about old people, according to the Colonel. Reconnaissance began at 1500 hours and continued until contact was made with the enemy, or until dark. Before now they'd had to make do with one pair of toy walkie-talkies, but over the last few weeks the Colonel had collected money into a pool and had finally purchased some more sophisticated equipment from Radio Shack.
"There are three new walkie-talkies here, one for each operative. And I have a brand new home base station in a secret location. The drill remains the same. Just walk around and keep your eyes open. If you spot any of our targets, verify them on the list and report in immediately with your code name and location. We'll be in the Mobile Command Center very close to you, so just wait until we get there. And remember, we don't want any heroes. This is a team operation. We keep on doing it by the book. Is that clear?"
A mumbled chorus of "Yes sir" emanated from six nodding gray heads.
The Colonel surveyed the faces assembled around him. If he was in any way disheartened with the quality of his troops he didn't show it. Much the opposite, he made them feel in unspoken ways that he was proud of them. This was, he knew, a fundamental principle of morale. Hadn't it been the same in France, during the Big One? A hell of a lot of women, and even some children, fought right alongside him. And they were tough and brave, and some of them died. Just remembering brought a tear to the Colonel's eye.
This time the Colonel had recruited four women and two men for his commando squad, not counting himself. Molly Friend sat next to him on the right knitting a shawl — her 'cover' as she was fond of repeating. She was his most enthusiastic recruit, a young seventy-seven with a thinning, unruly pageboy haircut wrapped around a rosy face. Even at her age she was solid looking. The Colonel sometimes wondered why she was here in the home but didn't want to ask.
The Colonel watched Mrs. Snyder and Mrs. Newcombe, seated beside Molly, taking notes on lavender stationery that one of them had received for Christmas. Beyond them Phyllis Brident fumbled around trying to button her sweater with fingers that had sprouted knuckles the size of peach pits. George Wilson, the retired policeman, was here at the Colonel's latest invitation, and Ray Ambler sat across the table. The Colonel laughed to himself when he thought of Ray with his fleshy, buzzard head tucked deeply between furled shoulders. Ray had a way of irritating the Colonel. Ray was almost certainly the only resident of the home with all of his teeth, all the original equipment. To flaunt his good fortune he was constantly chewing bubble gum and forcing out huge wobbly spheres at anyone foolish enough to watch him. The tip of his nose was red where he'd frequently had to pick off the sticky residue.
But things like that were not important to the Colonel. What was most important was that everyone here was willing and ambulatory, more or less, and, by virtue of the fact that the Colonel had hand picked them, they had what it took, in his estimation, to carry out a successful mission. Their recent successes had certainly proven him right. But then, it had to work. The only alternative was to roll over and die.
"We'll be monitoring the radio channel until each operative reports back to Base and is picked up, so don't worry that we'll run off and you won't be heard. George, will you pass out the gear?"
George reached into a canvas gym bag and began distributing walkie-talkies and small cloth purses with long straps to all the women except Phyllis, whose arthritis disqualified her for this particular phase of the mission.
"By the way," the Colonel continued, "for those of you who didn't already know, George Wilson here has joined us as second in command." He placed a hand on George's shoulder. "I base his appointment on his long experience with the Chicago Police Department. I'm sure you'll all agree with my choice. George, we're happy to have you aboard."
"Thank you Colonel. I'll try to contribute to the best of my abilities."
"Eh, speaking of abilities," the Colonel said, "how long do you think you'll need that wheelchair?"
"I could do without it now, see?" He stood and shuffled through a complete rotation in place. "I just have a little twinge in the one knee and I'd rather not push it. But if I have to —"
"Good, good." The Colonel jutted his chin. "Now, this is for the benefit of the Sitting Ducks. I've said this before and I'll say it again, because it can't be said too often. Ladies, do not, repeat, do not open your purses for any reason. And I don't want to hear that you forgot. Don't forget. Keep your wallet and the radio and anything else you care about in your coat or in an inside pocket."
Molly had a question and raised her hand tentatively.
"Sir, I forget which Duck I am."
The Colonel sighed, compressing his lips. "Mrs. Newcombe, can you tell Molly what duck she is?"
"Duck Three, sir."
"Do you have that now, Molly?"
"Yes, sir. Duck Three." She seemed a bit ashamed. "Well, you keep changing the numbers. How am I supposed to remember?"
"It's for security reasons. You'll just have to try harder." The Colonel glanced briefly at the TV where a senseless game show blared, then at the door to the Day Room. "Oh, while I think of it, we've had some complaints that the straps on the bags have been cut too far through and the straps have been breaking by themselves. They have to be cut so no one gets hurt, but I've asked Ray to check them carefully before he's finished. I don't think we'll have that problem anymore. Was there anything else?"
In the face of silence, the Colonel slapped his thighs and rocked heavily to his feet. Standing straight he removed his sunglasses and leaned forward, laying his palms flat on the card table, keeping his voice low.
"Soldiers, we've done very well so far. That's good. I don't have to tell you that a lot of people are counting on you. Whether or not our mission succeeds will have a great impact on the freedom of oppressed senior citizens everywhere. It hasn't been easy, I know, and I wouldn't be asking you to do this if it weren't absolutely essential. I hope you understand that."
"We do, sir."
The Colonel rapped his knuckles once on the table and, arching his back as much as he could, tore off a snappy salute.
"Dismissed. Eh, Molly, I'd like to talk to you about a little domestic situation that's come up here in the home, and then I have a small job for you. Could we meet, say, in half an hour in your room?"
"Of course, Colonel. Anything for the cause."
"Good. Half an hour then."
Filing out, they discovered that Rebecca Starkey had dozed off at her sentry post. The Colonel hadn't the heart to shoot her today. Maybe tomorrow. He paused in the lobby. He didn't feel like going back to his room. Instead he found his way out to the street where he liked to stand sometimes and watch the flow of humanity. He propped himself against the wall just inside the entryway.
Mitchell J. Cobb, seventy-nine, was proud of his long career, and that he was pretty much all he said he was, although he had allowed some things to be filtered and smoothed by time. For example, time had promoted him from captain to colonel, mainly because he thought "colonel" had a more authoritative ring to it. But the part about the three missions into France and organizing the French resistance and all, that was absolutely true. He was always delighted when someone was interested enough to corner him and get him going, remembering the old days. He had some amazing stories to tell about working with "Wild Bill" Donovan and the OSS, planning missions and seeing that they came off. None of it was classified anymore, you could look up a lot of it at the library, but they always seemed to like hearing it first-hand from one of the original participants. He made it all come alive for them, and for himself too. Unfortunately, hardly anyone asked him about it anymore, and if he wasn't asked he kept his mouth shut out of a life-long professional habit. But he did wish they would ask.
One question that no one at Meadowvale Nursing had thought to ask was why the Colonel wasn't in a veteran's facility. Had they asked, he would have answered that the VA homes were levelers, where enlisted men could get their final revenge on the officers. But really that wouldn't have been enough to stop him. He wasn't afraid of enlisted men, no matter how old he was. The real reason he was here was to escape from the one thing that he was afraid of: not having any more missions to organize.
When he thought about it, he had to admit that his little obsession was probably what had driven his son and daughter-in-law away. The Colonel had lived with the younger Cobbs, running their household as if it were a garrison. Periodically they would argue with him and he would agree to stop, but then after a week or two he'd find himself trying again to organize them and their children along military lines. He couldn't seem to help it. While the grandchildren were young, he had been able to convince them that there was some utility to it — a little discipline never hurt — and so they reluctantly acquiesced. But with the grandchildren grown and off on their own there hadn't been much need for a company commander to organize the TV schedule. They ended up constantly at each other's throats.
Yet it apparently had been a shock to his family when the Colonel announced one day that he was checking himself into the Meadowvale Nursing Home. It's the old story, he told them enigmatically: be careful what you wish for, you might get it. At first they seemed ambivalent, quickly shifting to a kind of insincere opposition. But when the inevitable guilt set in they genuinely fought with him about it. With great reluctance they had dropped him off in this dreary lobby here just four months ago after some dreadful soul-wrenching arguments — which, of course, they'd had no hope of winning. When the Colonel made up his mind, that was the way it was.
The Colonel smiled at the memory, and a young couple passing by thought he was smiling at them. They smiled back and nodded.
What really happened, though, was something his family never would have guessed. The Colonel had seen here and there a few news reports of incidents and abuses that seemed, all at once, to present a challenge to him — a chance just once more to assist in the liberation of an occupied people. Not that the idea had jumped out at him full blown. No, it was a gradual thing, feeding on the news stories and growing as the possibilities grew in his mind. Old people were besieged and attacked, stripped of everything they had, sometimes even their lives. And why the hell didn't they fight back? He had wondered if all they needed wasn't someone with experience to help organize their resistance — someone, perhaps, like himself.
Not until he had outlined the basic plan in his mind did he maneuver to take up residence at the home, to begin reconnaissance and detailed planning in earnest. He made only two requests of his family, demands really: don't visit him, and let him keep his old Buick in their garage on the alley behind their house. And that was that. Dismissed. 


Chapter 13

Detective Pickard was in one of his lyrical moods. "You have to start out by getting rid of the impossible, the way I see it. Like Sherlock Holmes said, 'When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.'"
"Sherlock Holmes, huh? That make me Mr. Watson?"
"Doctor Watson. No, I'm serious here."
Pickard and his partner Matthews stood in front of a large map of the Evanston area tacked up on the wall. Colored pins stuck here and there indicated the location of a digital dismemberment by fragmentary bomb, a Granny Frag incident. Though most of the pins were in the southern section of the city, there wasn't enough of a pattern to indicate any kind of epicenter, any single point from which the crime wave might be emanating.
Detective Matthews didn't really want to know any more about Pickard's theories, or about Sherlock Holmes. He had some of his own theories he wanted to discuss, but he knew he had to hear his partner out if he wanted to be heard himself. Fair is fair.
"And what, Sherlock, if I may ask, is your idea of what's impossible?"
Pickard grinned slyly. "It took me a while, but I think I'm onto something here."
"Yeah, well?"
"It's impossible that what we're up against here is a gang of old women. Are we agreed on that? I mean, could you in a million years see little gray-haired old ladies wiring up bombs and trolling the streets?"
Matthews waited silently.
"So, whatever's left has got to be how it is, right? No matter how wild it seems. Right?"
"And what is left, the way you see it?"
Pickard paused to assure that his next words would be marked well.
"A midget."
Matthews' eyes widened. He sucked in his cheeks and grasped the back of his neck with one hand, giving it a slow massage. They'd been here before.  Pickard liked to leap beyond the obvious, sometimes to the ridiculous. But, in fact, he was right just often enough that it paid to indulge him. "A midget," Matthews repeated.
"Of course. Don't you get it? This crafty little guy is out there laughing at us with all this Granny Frag crap. Look at these."
He waved an open hand at a bulletin board bearing sketches and witness descriptions of Granny Frag — eleven of them, and no two looked anything alike. Every little old woman in the world looked like at least one of the eleven. Pickard couldn't seem to suppress a grin at the thought of his cleverness.
"I mean, think about it. The only thing we know for sure is that Granny Frag is short. But do we really want to believe that there's a gang of eighty-year-old women out there carrying bombs and willing to let themselves be mugged? An old lady could get hurt bad. Hell, my grandmother got mugged once a few years ago in Detroit. They broke her arm and three ribs. You think little old ladies would risk that? And for what?"
"A midget, huh?"
"So what's wrong with that?"
"Well, for one thing, aren't midgets like three feet tall?"
"Three feet?"
"Yeah, or like that."
"All right. So say it's a big midget, like maybe from a circus. They always have stuff like that — Big Tiny, the world's biggest midget. Hey, and the circus would tie in with the makeup and disguises and the explosives."
"How you figure the explosives?"
"Because they sometimes shoot those midgets out of a cannon, don't they?"
"Um hmm, yeah. So is this big midget a man or a woman? In your theory."
"Well, could be either, but it's more of a man's MO. Usually women don't go in for the vigilante stuff, but I guess if she was nuts enough."
Matthews suspected that his partner might be way off the deep end on this. But when he reviewed his own theories, they didn't seem a hell of a lot more plausible. He decided to play this one out.
"Okay, so we're looking for this big midget in drag, working out of somewhere near Howard Street, with knowledge of explosives and disguises."
"And knowledge of criminal behavior. Don't forget, it isn't easy to get a purse snatched on demand. You have to know where to go and how to behave to attract the punks. Most people wouldn't know that."
As much as Matthews didn't want to agree with Pickard, he could see a certain perverse logic in his thinking. And really, his own theory was totally preposterous the more he thought about it. After all, who would believe that it really was a gang of eighty-year-old women carrying bombs and trying to get mugged? No. As much as he hated to admit it, Pickard's theory had at least as much chance of yielding results as anything he himself had come up with. And he knew how important it was to keep the mind flexible.
On the table behind them were stacks of written statements by victims and witnesses, along with forensic reports on the few bits of shrapnel and explosives they had been able to recover. But with all that information they still hadn't a good enough lead to bring them any closer to an arrest. Matthews wondered if right this minute, even as they spoke, some punk somewhere wasn't having his nails trimmed — very short thank you, no charge.
The two detectives planned out their next steps, knowing that they were just fishing. A team of officers would canvass the area looking for a circus performer or ex-circus performer or maybe not, possibly one with experience being shot from a cannon or something like that, or maybe not, possibly with a criminal record, possibly a clown, definitely short, but not too short. There was sure to be a period of embarrassment for the beat officers at first, but they were expected to get through it. A job is a job, and they were trained professionals.
After the past few weeks Detective Matthews was weary and frustrated. He wanted Granny Frag to go away so he could get back to busting drug dealers like a real cop. Tracking grannies, phony or not, wasn't what he had signed up for. He walked up behind Detective Pickard and placed a heavy hand on his shoulder.
"You think if we wish or pray or something we'll get a break on this one?"
Pickard turned around and glared at Matthews. "Don't worry. This little shit's gonna make a mistake one of these days, and when he does we'll nail him. I just want to be there to see his face when the wig comes off."


Chapter 14

Clarissa, Mary and Isabel, and Molly Friend were gathered in Molly's room, and Clarissa could hardly believe that they were actually going to discuss it, decide and connive in a way that seemed almost cold-blooded. She felt at once excited and threatened.

Molly had called the meeting, so by default she was in charge. "And we all understand we're here because, as long as we're being honest with each other, we're the only three eligible women — I use the phrase loosely — in this loony bin."
Clarissa was suddenly concerned that Isabel had overheard and might feel hurt. She nudged Molly, and the three stopped talking and turned to the older woman for an embarrassing moment.
Mary reached out to hold Isabel's hand, but the old woman merely sniffed and craned her neck forward, scanning the room from her wheelchair. "Do you have any sherry, dear? I was told you had some sherry." Her words came out juicy, as if her dentures were loose.
The others breathed easily, smiling to each other, and Molly quickly rifled through the underwear in her bottom bureau drawer. She withdrew a cracked plastic cup and a screw top bottle.
"For you, my dear. Maison Molly, the best in the house."
While Molly poured out three fingers and passed it over, Mary tucked the old woman in tightly and adjusted a small knitted pillow.
Molly stood the bottle on the floor and bounced back onto her bed, her stubby legs bobbing out in front of her. "As I was saying, there's a new man in the place, he's under eighty, and there's no sense all of us acting like fools when time is so short anyway. So, what I'm proposing here is a kind of drawing — a drawing to determine who gets first shot at him."
Clarissa wanted to appear shocked even if she wasn't sure she actually was. "My goodness, we can't just toss a coin for him. It seems so —"
"Stow it, Clarissa. We have to be realistic here." Molly cocked her head disgustedly. "If we can't be honest here, then we might as well forget the whole thing."
But Clarissa needed to know where she stood, didn't seem to understand her own mind right now. "Mary, you haven't said anything. What do you think?"
Mary moved around behind Isabel who had finished most of her sherry and now stared off into space with the plastic cup still to her lips. "I suppose if I had to make a decision, I'd have to say that I had a good life, a wonderful marriage. There's nothing I missed. But I feel needed here now." She laid her hands on Isabel's humped shoulders and squeezed. "I'm not so sure it would be best for me to start into something so unpredictable. He is charming, but — no, my life is here, and I don't want it to change — at least not that way."
Mary smiled shyly and moved to refill the cup, which Isabel was twirling in small circles. Molly squared off at Clarissa.
"So it's down to you and me, Honey. How do you want to do this?"
Clarissa was still unsure. She remembered the excitement she had felt at first seeing Mr. Campbell, the vague hope that he might be a part of her own salvation. But was it right, she wondered, to attach hope to someone else like that? Or was it foolish? Yet the thought of being forced back to the hopelessness of days and months grinding by choked her. Her hands wanted to clasp, but they couldn't seem to find each other. Instead she gripped the tops of her thighs. "I — we — I mean, is it fair to Mr. Campbell for us to be plotting like this? We're being so — maybe he would have something to say."
For just the briefest of instants the two women locked eyes, Clarissa with her brows raised, Molly's pinched together. Then Molly took a sudden breath and turned her gaze out the window. Something had just now changed but Clarissa didn't know what it was. All she did know was that if she spoke, any remaining hope might be shattered.
Molly glanced back toward Mary and Isabel who were watching her. She said with a distant, beatific smile, "Hey, kid, I have to admit, I was just testing. Just to see how you'd react."
Clarissa listened, waiting.
"The truth is, Clarissa — we're being honest here, like I said — the truth is, I look a lot like Tugboat Annie, and you look like Cinderella — or at least you would if you'd quit troweling on the pancake and shape up." Molly loosened up now, became more her usual gruff self. "So if anybody hooks him it should be you. It makes the most sense. Besides, I've got the Colonel and the boys to think about. I really don't have time for that kind of fooling around."
Tentatively Clarissa let relief trickle into her, a few drops at first, then a rivulet, until she couldn't hold it back any more and it began to flood — the horror of all those empty months couldn't be dispelled too quickly. Her eyes were wet. But she also suspected that some kind of sacrifice had been made. "Molly, I don't think you look a bit like Tugboat —"
"There's a lot to do now, so let's get a piece of paper and make a list. Mary, can you help Clarissa with her makeup — mostly by throwing it out?" She laughed too heartily. "And Clarissa, if I ever see you wearing that green monstrosity again I'm going to burn it."
For another hour they discussed tactics and strategy and wrote down what they thought needed to be done, and when the meeting closed, Clarissa tried to give Molly a hug, but Molly cut it short.
"Let's not get too sentimental about this. I just figure it will do us all some good to see one of our own come away with something besides a walker to hold onto. We're not doing this just for you Clarissa. You understand?"
"Yes, I think so. But — thanks anyway."
With a last, curious look at Clarissa, Molly tucked the sherry bottle, which still contained an inch or so at the bottom, under Isabel's blanket and winked at Mary.
"There you go, Isabel. Happy dreams from all of us."
Isabel contorted her lips, trying to center her dentures. Her head lolled on her shoulders like a helium-filled balloon. "Thank you. Thank you so much, Molly dear. You're a saint."
"Ain't I, though." 


Chapter 15

The detectives were back at work in the interrogation room, but again they weren't particularly comfortable about it. Detective Pickard had turned one of the two banks of lights in the ceiling off, hoping to make it harder to notice all the bandages. He always felt queasy at the sight of mangled flesh, and their newest detainee, a man with a long record as a purse-snatcher, had just had a run-in with Granny Frag.
Matthews finished up the preliminaries. "Would you repeat your name please, for the record?"
"Jason Earl Sparks."
This purse-snatcher was a white male, older than most. He claimed to be twenty-four, but Matthews thought he looked thirty-four, and with bandages wrapped around the stumps where two of his right-hand fingers used to be, and with white gauze twisted every which way across his face, Matthews imagined the man could pass for a six-thousand-year-old mummy.
"Okay, Jason, yesterday evening you were out for a walk in the vicinity of Howard Street, is that correct?"
The man stared listlessly past him. "Yeah." His voice sounded cramped, probably because he had to force it out past swollen lips.
"And you passed by an old woman who suddenly, for no reason at all, threw a bomb in your face, right?"
"Yeah, man. How'd you know?" He remained motionless.
Matthews leaned closer, cringing slightly from the harsh smell of antiseptic. "Now, I have very good news for you, Jason, and that is, all we want to know here — at least for now — is what that mean, nasty little old lady looked like. Could you describe her for us? Take your time."
Jason Sparks inspected his truncated hand, rocking back and forth in his chair now. The detectives could see that he wanted to tell them, for revenge if nothing else, but that he was wrestling with the unfamiliar notion of cooperating with the law. Finally he brushed the bandages back from his mouth. "Okay. Yeah, I'll tell you. She had gray hair."
"Great, a little old lady with gray hair. What else?"
"She had this gray sweater, like, and black shoes."
Matthews winked at Pickard. "Are you getting this down, Scotty? We may have her completely ID'd here. Go ahead, Mr. Sparks."
Detective Pickard broke in. "How tall was she? That's very important."
"I don't know. She was maybe up to here." He leveled his good hand at the middle of his chest.
"Please stand up, Jason."
Sparks struggled to his feet, and Pickard measured him with his eyes. "Then she was five-one, five-two. Great. Keep going. Was she an old lady?"
"What the fuck you mean?" Sparks said, jerking his head up. He examined the detectives' faces before lowering himself into his chair. "Yeah she was an old lady. I said she was an old lady. Ain't that what we're talkin' about?"
Detective Pickard seemed excited, pressing the point. "But are you sure, really sure she was old, and she was a woman?"
"Man, you're — what the fuck are we doing here?"
Now Pickard seemed disgusted. "Look, Mr. Sparks, I'll make this very clear. Could this little old lady have been a young short guy in a disguise — in drag? Think back."
But Sparks wasn't interested in any more thought. He stood again and pushed his chair back. "Shit. You guys are — I don't know. Lemme out of here. I been fucked up bad by a old woman — a old woman, hear? — I try to tell you and you mess with my head. I think I want a lawyer."
Matthews leaned close to Pickard and spoke softly. "I would say, based on his reaction, he thinks it was a genuine old woman."


Chapter 16

What happened in the weeks after the women's summit meeting was remarkable for Clarissa. When it became known that she had been elected to become Benny's choice, to become a kind of queen of the home in effect — although Benny himself didn't know it yet — the women began to support her in every way they could. If they weren't to be the ones to live out the final fairy tale, at least they could work to assure that someone would, and take vicarious satisfaction in that. Clarissa found herself with no end of assistance with her hair, her makeup, anything that would promote the unfolding fantasy. The person who had first pick at the clean laundry would nearly always defer to Clarissa. Though in the past, through sheer indifference, she had regularly ended up with that ghastly lime-green housedress — first rag into the laundry and last out — now Clarissa was resplendent in shapely pink and smart patterned gray. Through a magical process she seemed to step into the past, where her youthful femininity had lain dormant, and reemerge as a stately, natural beauty in the present. With diligent effort, and much cooperation, the sediment compounded of age and disappointment was chipped away to reveal her true self, or perhaps the beginning of the new self that was soon to be.

***

Stepping into the lobby, into the short hall harboring the elevators, Benny saw Clarissa leaning toward a small ornate mirror that had somehow survived Leon's abolition of all decoration. She cocked her head sideways while she adjusted a curl with her forefinger. She was so intent, angling back and forth to bring whatever she was looking at into better view, that she didn't notice Benny's arrival. He noticed her, though. In fact, he had been noticing her quite a bit lately. He noticed, for example, that she looked exceptionally attractive tonight, and he felt the impulse to say the first thing that came to mind. 
"'There was never yet fair woman but she made mouths in a glass.'"
"Oh!" Clarissa flinched. She turned to him, palm pressed to her breast, eyes closed. She opened them slowly. "Benny."
"I startled you. Forgive me." 
Smiling warmly now, she reached out to touch his cheek — a simple, spontaneous gesture, but it seemed to carry a deeper message that perturbed and confused him. He blinked. Brushing back the hair above his ear, he basked in her smile. 
Recently, in fact, Benny had discovered to his surprise that he was responsible for a lot of the residents' smiles. It never would have occurred to him in the old days to do such a thing, but lately he'd managed to apply his knack for charming and captivating to a strictly not-for-profit endeavor — coaxing out smiles — and he enjoyed it immensely. He had become the resident raconteur, lecturer and all-purpose wit, attracting a growing following, even among some of the more human of the staff. Afternoons he would hold forth with stories and witticisms — frequently all the way to dinnertime — and had to weather groans of protest when he insisted they break for nourishment.
When he once let it slip that he played bridge, the Thursday night session, which they told him had been lucky to attract three and a dummy, now filled five tables and supported a retinue of kibitzers who for the most part knew nothing of the game. They came, Benny acknowledged without excessive vanity, to witness or be victimized by his velvet tongue. It didn't matter which. They managed to find either equally entertaining.
"Clarissa — eh — I was just on my way to bridge. Will you be playing this evening?"
"I wouldn't miss it." She hesitated, glancing down at her pink velvet slippers as if deciding something. "You know, I'd like to say, it's wonderful the way you've — well — how you've brought some life to this awful place. We needed it so much. I just wanted you to know how much we all appreciate it."
"You over-estimate me, truly. Anyone new would have had the same effect. I haven't done a thing." Benny wondered if he was now suffering with humility as well. The idea intrigued him.
"I don't think so, Mr. Campbell. You've done quite a lot. And we're all very grateful." She stretched on tiptoes to buss him on the cheek, then stood down beaming.
Something within Benny stirred, settled again. He fixed on her smiling eyes until their intensity forced him to turn away. "Yes, well. I thank you. Eh — now then, shall we go in?"
Watching her glide away in front of him, Benny remembered how Clarissa had seemed when he first met her. Was this really the same woman? Back then she had made a point of telling him she'd been a dancer. And twice after that he'd overheard her telling the same story to others who, he knew, weren't really listening. He understood that it was one of those stories of past lives that people cling to when they've abandoned all hope in the present. And it had saddened him. From the start he sensed something special about her, but he knew also that whatever special there was had been packed away somewhere, as if she'd turned out all of her lights to save electricity, leaving on just the one night-light. And all that tiny light could illuminate was the one memory, "I was a dancer." At some point she'd decided that there would not again be someone who would visit for any length of stay, so there was no need to waste power. Just leave on the one night-light. It had pained Benny to witness that, and so this change in her, a kind of relighting, was a source of unexpected pleasure — another in a series of new experiences that kept him off balance since he'd arrived at Meadowvale Nursing. Even now, though, he was not fully aware of how much he himself was responsible for the relighting of Clarissa.
Suddenly, before they had moved too far, Benny tugged at her arm. "Clarissa, wait. I don't believe the pairings have been assigned for this evening. If you'd like, perhaps you could — that is if you wanted to — you could tell them I want you to be my partner. If you want to, I mean. Just for a change."
"Why, Benny, I would be honored." She took his arm, glowing even brighter.
At the entrance to the bridge salon — as the Day Room was now known in the evenings — Benny bowed gracefully, sweeping the way clear for Clarissa with a flourish of his arm. His enthusiastic fans were waiting.
"Hey Benny!"
"Benny! Come on in. Where you been?"
A dotty woman approached him wearing a brown pillbox hat with its veil folded down over her face. She tugged at evening gloves — why in the world, Benny wondered, was she wearing evening gloves? — and nothing she had on seemed to match. Still...
"Why Mrs. Pepperidge, what a lovely sweater."
The woman glanced down at herself, pinching at the material. "Do you think so, Benny? I wonder if this style doesn't make one look a bit heavy."
Benny leaned close, inspecting her bosom carefully. "Why, not at all. I can assure you they're both exactly the same size."
It took the room a beat to get it, and when they did they broke into raucous laughter.
"Oooh, Benny, you rascal."
"That was a good one, Benny."
"Come on. Sit down."
"Hiiiiii Clarissa."
Benny dragged a step at that last little call from Molly Friend, with its catty inflection. There had been a certain undercurrent in the home that Benny couldn't quite put his finger on, though he suspected it had something to do with him, and possibly with Clarissa. Or maybe he was just too sensitive. After all, he'd undergone more than a few changes recently, and he was aware that the world wasn't exactly the place it had always been for him.
He headed for the first table, the main table, the table where celebrities like Benny played, and Clarissa wandered off to find the Bridge Committee to inform them that she was to be Benny's partner by request. In general, partners were assigned by the Committee to ensure that everyone got a turn with everyone else, though anyone who wanted to could choose a different partner. It was all very informal.
Moments later Clarissa was back with him. She took his hand and shook it energetically. "Howdy, partner. I hope you won't be disappointed in me. I haven't been playing very long."
"Not at all. I'm sure we'll do very well."
"I'm looking forward to it."
Benny was pleased, even vaguely excited. He seated her and moved to the chair opposite, situated so that he was in full view of the room. That way no one need miss anything he might say, provided hearing aids were turned high enough. The room was packed.

***

The Day Room was indeed packed. Nurse Budka in her cave across the lobby had been watching the residents file in, and she couldn't remember it ever being so crowded. But instead of being happy that the old people had joined together in pleasant pastime, the idea disturbed her. She felt an uneasy loss of control, and she wondered if the flock might not of late have been wandering too far from God's fields. Head bent, she thumbed through her Bible searching out the appropriate passage for advice.

***

It took a while for everyone to settle in, so none of the three bridge games had started yet. Half a dozen wheelchairs carrying Time's wounded were parked at odd spots, all angled to face the bridge tables. Mary and Isabel were there. Many of the oldsters nodded greetings to each other as they took their places, and one plump old woman stopped to pinch Benny's cheek in passing.
"How you been, Mr. Campbell, you old cutie?"
"Gretchen, love of my life. Good to see you."
They arranged partners and seating and fussed over this and that. Finally some of the crew became restless. "Are we going to play cards here, or are we just going to yak?"
"Give 'em here — it's my deal. I'm the youngest."
"I deal, I'm the oldest."
"Now be careful, Ruby, you're dropping the cards."
From then on the evening swam along. Tricks were taken and lost. Noah at the piano seemed particularly inspired. With masterfully nimble fingers he managed to coax show tunes and ragtime and even some foot-stomping marches out of the decrepit old piano, causing feet to tap and fingers to drum. And Benny was a hit as usual. Now and then he looked up from his hand to see Clarissa wafting a smile to him across the table. He would immediately lower his eyes, thinking that she certainly was beautiful tonight. And sometimes he wondered what had happened to that ugly green dress she used to wear. One thing that surprised him was that the two of them were winning consistently against a pair of seasoned bridge players. Clarissa was holding her own very well indeed.

***

"And I offer the Residents' Committee my personal assurance," Leon Keck announced, his mountainous flesh squashed obscenely behind his desk, "that each and every recommendation presented to me here will receive my immediate attention, and where necessary I will follow up with quick action. Eh — was that all then?"
Leon had been working late at the office this evening with his lawyer, Arnie Sharpe. He wasn't quite sure how he had let this committee of clowns corner him and present him with their list of grievances, but now all he wanted was for them to leave as soon as possible. He laughed to himself. The old dopes had come in expecting some kind of argument, but he'd agreed to everything they asked for. Why not? he thought. Words are cheap, and it was worth it to see how confused they were now. Watching the puzzled looks on their faces was a riot.
One frail woman seemed to speak for all of them. "Well, Mr. Keck. I suppose — well, we appreciate your listening to us. Then you'll try to correct some of the — these problems we talked about?"
"Oh, absolutely, absolutely. There's nothing I want more than for everybody here at the home to be as happy and comfortable as possible. You know, it's through committees like yours that we learn where the little problem areas are. We can't correct problems if we don't know about them, can we? This is just another example of our wonderful democratic system at work."
"Um, yes, well, thank you Mr. Keck." The woman glanced around, silently polling the rest of the committee. No one seemed to have anything to add.
"Okay folks," Leon said. "I have lots of work to do. Bye now. Careful with that door, it sticks."
As the Residents' Committee filed out, unsatisfied but not sure why, Leon could hear laughter and commotion beyond, rowdy piano music and even some catcalls coming from the Day Room. As soon as they were gone, he crumpled their list of recommendations and tossed it against the back wall where it joined the rest of the litter he'd allowed to pile up.
Arnie Sharpe's eyes widened. "Hey, Leon, you just told the old lady you were gonna look into their problems."
"Oh, I'm looking into problems, all right." Leon laughed dryly.  "And you, my tiny buddy, are going to help me."
Arnie, a twiggy little guy of indeterminate age with a stringy comb-over and a suit that hung in folds, cringed, trying to figure out why he had always been afraid of Leon. When Jenny Keck was alive it had been fairly easy to avoid him. Jenny was in charge, and she was a kind, thoughtful person. Now, though, Arnie found himself defenseless against this mysterious psychic pull Leon seemed to have. Arnie was like a pathetic little satellite drawn fearfully into this enormous man's gravitational field, doomed to circle him like a minor moon and serve his whims. Which wasn't all bad. The pay was pretty good. The only real problem, as Arnie saw it, was the danger that one day he might spiral out of orbit and crash. It could happen. All it would take, Arnie was certain, was the wrong word, even the wrong facial expression when Leon was in one of his moods, which was pretty often these days.
Arnie had been trying to quit smoking, but this evening, in Leon's presence, he puffed and puffed until his face was safely obscured behind blue clouds.
Leon turned to his own list, handwritten on a yellow lined legal pad in front of him, which had been growing steadily as he devised more and more cost cutting measures. Amazing, he thought, how the ideas flowed when you put your mind to it.
The reason Leon was thinking about cost cutting was simple. Arnie had just explained to him how it would work out to his best interest, considering his tax situation and the present condition of the finances at the Meadowvale Nursing Home, blah blah blah, to extract as much cash as possible in a short time and then to file for bankruptcy. Arnie had tried to clarify the legal position. "This will of course require —" But Leon had heard enough. "Yeah, I know what it will require. I'm way ahead of you, counselor."
Leon's florid face shone with ideas. His notes were already two-thirds down the page in a shorthand that only he could decipher.


"Raise X2," in Leon's code, indicated that he would double his own salary as director, and "Staff -4" meant that there were four aides and orderlies he could do without — for a short while at least, as long as it would take. "Grace 24H" referred to a technicality. According to regulations you were supposed to have a real nurse on the premises at all times. Well, he thought, if he dumped the licensed nurses on the other two 8-hour shifts and had Grace Budka move in — he could easily set up a nice little room for her to stay on the second floor — then even if she wanted more money it still wouldn't come anywhere near the two other salaries he was paying. He'd be satisfying regulations, he'd be two salaries richer, and things wouldn't be much different than they were now. Grace always hung around anyway when she wasn't on duty. She didn't seem to have anywhere else to go.
When Grace Budka first came to the home last spring, a crazy hillbilly from Appalachia somewhere, she had written on her application that she was married. When Leon pressed her, though, he got the story that she'd run away at a young age with some grain salesman named Budka who was no longer in the vicinity. She wouldn't say any more on the subject. To her, the one truth she had come to know was that, if there was a question, Christ was the answer, and the Bible was where you could find His word. And for Nurse Budka, the Meadowvale Nursing Home ought to be a Christian home, to be run under Christian principles. This dogged, single-minded attitude was what had convinced Leon to fire the head nurse his mother had hired, Barbara Platte, and put Grace Budka in charge, even if he thought she sometimes went a little overboard with her Jesus crap. And precisely because she didn't have anywhere else to go, he was certain she would accept his offer on his terms. Well, good, he thought. Lots of savings so far.
And then there was "Sell sell sell." Much of this he had already accomplished, having stripped the walls of the framed prints Jenny had hung — French street scenes and goofy paintings of dogs dressed like people playing poker — and sold them off for not much, but something.  Whatever could be sold would be sold.
Now to this "Cook" business. Dinner had been over for a while. Leon tilted his head to peek over the edge of the desk. Damn, there it was on the floor, broken. The clock that used to sit on Jenny's desk had been cracked during one of Leon's fits, and the second hand hung motionless. He would wear a watch if he could find one with a band big enough to go around his wrist, but they didn't make them as far as he could tell.
"What time you got, Arnie?" Leon said, smiling when he saw how even these innocent words made the skinny little lawyer flinch. Leon liked the effect he had on Arnie. Keeps him in line, he thought.
"Te — ten to seven, Leon."
It was pretty late, but never mind. Leon decided he'd go look in the kitchen anyway. The cook was probably still here. Those helpers of hers were always quitting and she usually ended up having to clean up the whole dinner mess by herself. Yeah, she would probably be there.
Before leaving his office, Leon plucked out a Heath Bar from a globular fishbowl he had installed on his desk, one of the few things he was careful not to break while it still contained some of his favorite treats. He unwrapped the bar and snapped it in two, pinching the halves together so he could toss them down in one bite. Gulp. Mmm, yes, that's better, he thought — nerves fortified . He heaved himself out of the chair and lumbered to the door clutching a second scrap of paper torn from the legal pad.
"Come on, counselor," Leon said. "I'll show you how a business genius gets things done. Maybe you'll learn something they didn't teach you in law school."
"Yeah, sure, Leon," Arnie said with soggy enthusiasm.
On his way to the kitchen with Arnie tagging along reluctantly in his wake, Leon passed Nurse Budka and heard her call out, "Good evening, Mr. Keck," but he was too consumed by his mission to stop for chitchat. He barreled on by. What did cause him to drag a step or two, though, was another wave of laughter flowing from the Day Room. It reminded him of item number eighteen on the list, "Sedat," which referred to the unspoken practice of sedating many the residents so they would stay in one spot, paralyzed and trouble-free. That way a monkey could take care of them, and monkeys work for bananas, no hard cash thank you. Oh yes, it was all coming together for Leon Keck.
Margaret the cook was still in the kitchen. Only one of her three assistants, a young Latino man, had stayed to help clean up, so she was here at the huge brushed-metal sink, up to her elbows in slimy water, finishing up the larger kettles that wouldn't fit in the machine. Clean ones hung on hooks above her, but many more waited on both sides of the sink. Margaret was a tiny but large-spirited woman, for years the dynamo that had powered the food engine of Meadowvale Nursing. From among the clutter she noticed Leon and Arnie coming and stood back while tendrils of steam reached out for her from the hot suds.
"Margaret. Glad I caught you. I'd like to talk to you for a minute if you don't mind." He waved to the boy stacking plates and raised his voice. "Kid? Yeah, you there. Go ahead and punch out. Hasta la vista, okay?"
The boy waited for a sign from Margaret who nodded and watched him walk away, knowing that his absence would cost her another hour. She stood with her broad white apron tied firmly around her middle. Nervously she picked up a dirt-gray towel and kneaded it, drying her hands.
"You know Arnie, don't you?" Leon said with a brief gesture and went on without waiting for her response. "Listen, Margaret, I wanted to talk to you about the menu."
Her hair was bound in a white cap streaked with grease where she'd just brushed back an errant strand with her forearm. "Is something wrong, sir? I've been following the menus your mother made up — God rest her soul — before she —"
"Yeah, and don't think I don't appreciate what a great job you're doing. I really do. It's wonderful."
She smiled at this, but it was a weak smile. She had always felt uneasy being too near Leon, and seeing Arnie Sharpe fidgeting behind him didn't reassure her.
"What I want to do though, Margaret — what we're going to be experimenting with from now on — is a kind of nutrition enhancement program. See? Here. Take a look."
He handed her the scrap of paper he'd been carrying, picked up a soup ladle and began rhythmically slapping the bowl end into his fleshy palm while she read.
Margaret understood from the title that this was Leon's special recipe for meat sauce, the kind that went on spaghetti, but after she had read it twice she faced him with her mouth open, searching his eyes for signs of a joke, finding none. "Arfles?" she said.
"Yeah. I think that's the best brand, if you can believe the TV nowadays. Unless you got another favorite. I'm flexible on this."
"It's dog food, Mr. Keck."
Arnie Sharpe swallowed audibly.
"Of course, of course it's dog food, Margaret. But, see, here's the thing." He looked back over his shoulder at Arnie before going on in earnest. "You ever read the label on that stuff?"
Tears formed along the bottoms of her lids. Her voice grew nearly inaudible.
"No."
"No. I didn't think so. If you had, you'd have noticed — I mean, being a nutritionist and all you'd have seen there's all the vitamins and minerals you need. Hey, it's not like the old days. This is space age stuff. We've come a long way, baby, huh?"
As grimy as the towel in her hands was, still she couldn't help but press it to her mouth so he wouldn't see her jaw quivering.
Leon hesitated, tried a new tack. "Oh, hey, you feel a little reluctant about it, I know. I understand. For years dog food's gotten a bad rap. It's hard to shake 'em — the old notions. I understand."
Leon closed in on her. She wanted to back away but she was afraid to. He leaned down with his hands braced against his belly and addressed her confidentially.
"Let me ask you something. If those old people out there were left on their own, what do you think they'd end up eating — after a few weeks by themselves I mean, six months tops?"
She was silent, her hands shaking.
"Come on. Be honest. You know it and I know it. You read it in the papers every day. Old people eat dog food. They like it. They seek it out. It's one of those natural things about being old that nobody wants to talk about, but that don't mean it isn't so."
Leon was about to wrap a friendly arm around Margaret, but she twisted away to avoid him. She thought she might collapse if even a fly were to light on her.
"What we're gonna do here is, we're gonna fix it up real tasty — lots of tomato paste and spices — so it's as good as it can be. That way we're giving 'em what they want anyway and a lot better than they'd get if they fixed it for themselves. Hell. The way I see it, we're doing 'em a favor. You know what I mean?"
Margaret was sixty-three years old and had worked at Meadowvale Nursing for twenty-four years, ever since Jenny Keck had taken over. If she were to lose this job she would never get another one. She knew it and Leon knew it. And now her hands took on a life of their own and tried desperately to tear the towel in half. She swallowed to clear away the lump in her throat, and when she spoke she had to struggle to control the quavering.
"Wh — Whatever you say Mr. Keck."
"Good. I'm glad we agree on nutritional points. I feel good about that, one professional to another."
There was one last hope. "Will that be just on noodle day, then, Mr. Keck?"
He seemed astonished at the question. "Oh, no! Margaret, I'm surprised you'd even think something like that. We need good nutrition every day, don't we?"
With a sympathetic grimace and a shrug that Leon couldn't see, Arnie backed away and hurried out. Leon winked and grinned, but Margaret could manage only a twisted smile in return. She was a Catholic. She crossed herself as soon as Leon had turned away, and as if in answer to her prayer, the two swinging doors to the kitchen, with their round windows like portholes, whacked Leon's bulging behind simultaneously as he disappeared from sight.   

***

Benny looked at his watch. There wasn't much time left. Everyone in the Day Room had been having so much fun that the bewitching hour had simply sneaked up on them. He was familiar with the routine. At seven PM the more seriously ailing residents needed to be taken up to their rooms to have their nappies changed and medication administered. When Bennie had first arrived at the home, the evening move had been the only real event of note, almost automatically observed. But tonight time had vanished into their eagerness to hear more of Benny's adventures.
"Benny, tell us again about the time with the phony count?"
"I've already told you about that. Twice."
"We know. But it's such a good story."
To tell the truth, Benny loved that story too, loved telling it, but he didn't want to appear too eager. He rolled his eyes and said, "Life is a perpetual thrill for the easily awed."
"Does that mean you will?"
"Very well."
They had tired of bridge anyway. Benny and Clarissa had won all evening. By now the tables had been folded and stacked against the wall. For a while the group had been sitting back, joking, discussing with each other some of the fine points of Benny's escapades. Clarissa had moved to a chair next to Benny and sat leaning against his shoulder with her arm through his. And only deep inside Benny did any trace of doubt linger concerning this new closeness he felt toward her. If he hadn't been so sure it was all happening spontaneously he might have suspected that she was a devilish schemer. And yet, he thought, wouldn't that be marvelous, to find someone else with a trait he admired so much in himself? But no, it all seemed to be happening naturally. Manipulation and suspicion were part of his past life, the life that was now relegated to story telling time. This was his new life. When it was quiet enough Benny began his tale.
"It was just at the end of the war. Europe was a complete shambles."
Ray Ambler, suspected to be a member of the Colonel's mysterious squad, repeated what he had said both other times the story had been told.
"Don't I know. I was there. Don't I know. I've seen things that would tear your heart out."
One of the women was prepared for him this time. "You mean like an Aztec sacrifice? You're old enough you old buzzard. Now shut up and let him talk without you interrupting."
Benny cleared his throat, stifling a grin. "Yes, well, one day I happened to overhear an idle conversation in a tiny cafe in Paris about a particular Spanish count who was missing in action. He was said to be a direct descendant of Charles II, of the House of Habsburg. Very important fellow, you see. Seems he'd enlisted with the British RAF as a pilot and just disappeared."
"He was a no-a-count," someone said. "Get it?" They relished being a part of the show now and then, and Benny didn't mind, even encouraged it.
"The idea came to me in a flash. If we were to find someone to pretend to be that count and let it be known that he'd deserted in the face of the enemy, well, of course, anyone would understand that he could never return to his family again. Matters of honor were very important to the royal families."
Benny lounged back, dignified, basking in celebrity with his arms folded, leaning ever so slightly toward Clarissa. The delicious poignancy of the scene was not lost on the other residents.
"And that was the plan. I assembled a team — you can't work these things alone — and we eventually found the perfect mark, a French industrialist whose business had been ravaged by the occupation and who needed some extra capital. We set up a trail of go-betweens, and eventually we met with him. We introduced him to a Spanish derelict we dug up who pretended to be the missing count, and explained his desperate plight. He simply couldn't return home to face his family in cowardly disgrace."
Clarissa's idle pressure against his arm made Benny pause and swallow.
"Um, yes, so, our phony count was a handsome fellow, an alcoholic and ignorant as a coconut, but happy to be kept afloat in wine for the duration. He recited his sad story through an interpreter just the way we'd written it: how was a poor disgraced count expected to live? In those days counts didn't really do anything — no trade, no marketable skills at all. If the Frenchman could just go to Spain and help this poor cowardly count to get his hands on his rightful fortune he would gratefully split it fifty-fifty. The figure mentioned was the equivalent today of, say, thirty million dollars."
"You said twenty last time."
"What's the difference? When you don't have any money, thirty is as easy to say as twenty. In any case, we asked him to leave a little earnest money with us, something like a hundred thousand, just to prove he was a trustworthy go-between and wouldn't run off with the whole caboodle. Then he could go to Spain and fetch the fortune and bring it back so we could split it. We had all sorts of documents to prove it was there."
A buzzing passed through the rapt audience. They were telling each other that this was the good part.
"Then, on the very day we were to receive the earnest money — well, how was I to know the real count had only been captured by the Jerries and locked up in a camp? The Allies had just finished processing him, and when the count resurfaced his name was in all the papers. But, you see, we didn't know anything about it. We were in hiding in this little village where they rarely saw a newspaper. That day a parade of gendarmes came riding into town. We scampered like rats, bullets whizzing over our heads. By God, it was like the war starting all over again. Well, I can tell you —"
"Did you wet the floor, Bootsy?"
Benny hesitated. "I beg your pardon?"
But the voice wasn't speaking to Benny. Nurse Budka stood beside May Booth's wheelchair. Benny hated the way the staff had given the residents nicknames like "Bootsy," as if old people occupied the same status as infants. Benny knew May. She was eighty-eight years old and had become mildly incontinent only in the last year or so. Incontinence wasn't the rule at Meadowvale Nursing, but it happened, and he was sure there had to be a more humane way to deal with it.
"Speak up," Nurse Budka demanded. "Have you been naughty?"
May Booth plucked nervously at her shawl with a withered claw. "Why, Miss Budka. I — I was just — I don't know. I was laughing so much and maybe..."
There was in fact a small puddle below her chair. Her diaper had been poorly fastened by the floor nurse and had leaked again. Nurse Budka straightened herself to address the room.
"Do you all see how naughty Bootsy has been? Shame on you, Bootsy. Can you imagine the shame our Lord must feel when we wet ourselves?"
Nurse Budka didn't notice that Benny was almost upon her. He had moved quickly and gracefully, but his eyes were narrowed to slits and his face was flushed. Still, he spoke in his most reasonable voice.
"Madam, I hardly need remind you that you are speaking to a full grown woman who, in her prime, was twice the woman you will ever be. If Mrs. Booth has a small problem, it is up to all of us to pull together and help her with it, not humiliate her. Don't you agree?"
The nurse gaped, and then a bottomless fury began to seethe behind her steely eyes.
"Are you finished? Now you let me tell you something, Mr. Ex Con Criminal Jailbird. If you ever, ever, speak to me in that tone again I will see that you leave here and don't find a home anywhere again. Then you can die in the godless gutter where you should anyway as far as I'm concerned. Do I make myself clear? Now, get out of my way."
She took hold of Mrs. Booth's wheelchair and swiveled it around toward the door. After several steps she halted and turned.
"It's time for bed. I want every one of you back in your rooms right now. The orderlies will be here to take the wheelchairs. Right now, do you understand?"
She jerked Mrs. Booth over the seam in the carpet at the threshold and vanished around the corner, trailing wheel tracks and footprints clearly marked in urine. The room fell silent. Gradually, one by one they collected their shawls and canes and paraphernalia and shambled out to the lobby. Benny hadn't moved yet. He was still breathing hard when Clarissa came over and clasped his hand.


Chapter 17

"Duck Two to Base. Come in Base." A gravelly, old-woman's voice crackled and sputtered from below the Buick's dashboard.
The Colonel detached a gray plastic microphone from its bracket and, covering his mouth with it, squeezed the transmit button. "Base here. We read you. Please report."
"Ten-four, Colonel."
"No names, Duck Two. This is Base. Just call me Base."
"Ten-four, good buddy."
The Colonel and the other two men in his squad, George Wilson and Ray Ambler, were on patrol in the Colonel's car, a '73 Buick sedan, not really designed to be a "Mobile Command Center," but easily, he bragged, the "best damned car I ever had." The CB transceiver was hooked up under the dash, and there were some items stashed in the trunk that he didn't want to talk about unless they were needed.
Today, on their twelfth foray since the operation began, George and Ray had taken to wearing the same sunglasses and navy berets as the Colonel, adopting them as a kind of uniform. The Colonel wasn't too happy about it, suspecting that it represented a subtle mockery, but he let it pass because he didn't want bickering to jeopardize the operation.
At the moment he was more worried about something else. With no success locating the enemy in the last two outings, a certain boredom had set in, and the Colonel sensed that the members of the squad were going soft, losing the edge they would need when a target showed up again. He'd seen this kind of thing before, in the war, and he hoped that something would turn up soon. Otherwise he might be forced to cancel the mission.
Another thing that had him worried was that they hadn't had a report from Duck Three, Molly, for a while. Now, well past check-in time, they couldn't even guess where she might have wandered to, based on the location of her last report. She could have been anywhere. The Colonel signed off with Duck Two and tried again to raise Molly.
"Base calling Duck Three. Base calling Duck Three. Please report, Duck Three."
They heard nothing in reply but faint static punctuated by the occasional clipped phrase or two from a more distant CB-er.
"Molly, for God's sake answer. Did you forget your duck number again?"
More static. The Colonel took off his glasses for a moment to rub his eyes, thinking the squad might have to mount a block-by-block search, when suddenly Molly's hushed voice sliced through the noise.
"Will you shut up, Base?" she hissed softly. "You'll blow my cover." And she must have had her mouth pressed all the way up against the walkie-talkie microphone because it was difficult to understand her.
"We read you, Duck Three. Please report."
"Duck Three here. Don't say anything else, all right? I can't find the volume knob on this gizmo and everybody around is looking at me." She paused and then continued urgently. "I think I found target seven. I'm in the little grocery on Howard Street — you know, the one where Mary bought those tomatoes that looked ripe but they were mealy..."
"Duck Three?"
"Be quiet, I told you they can hear." For a moment the signal dissolved into prickly fragments and they thought they'd lost her, but just as quickly her voice returned, this time in a hoarse whisper. "I'm looking out the window and there's this skinny kid with a fuzzy little beard. I'm pretty sure he's been following me. Check description seven. Anyhow, I'll wait here until I see your car. Charlie."
"It's Roger, not Charlie, and that's not the right word anyway."
"Be quiet, and hurry up."
"Wilco. Over and out."
The Colonel could move only so fast. He hadn't had a driver's license for two years, and the last thing he needed was to be pulled over for speeding or reckless driving. Of course, there was the slight possibility that George Wilson might be able to talk the police out of giving him a ticket, having been a policeman himself, but he didn't want to take the chance. The problem was, forcing himself to drive slowly was putting a terrible strain on the Colonel. His blood raced, just like in the old days, and once again he itched for action, forgetting in the heat of battle that he was supposed to be old. The success of the last few weeks had been glorious for him. There was something about seeing your plans put into practice that transcended age and carried you again to the front lines of life.
While the Colonel drove, George Wilson contacted Ducks One and Two and instructed them to go to ground until further notice.

***

Pretending to be shopping up and down the street, Molly Friend had noticed that the same boy seemed to be nearby every time she turned around. That was when she decided to retreat into the small grocery to check her description sheet.
For Molly's money, one of the best things that the Colonel had organized in his methodical preparations was a kind of network of seniors who collected and collated the descriptions of anyone who had attacked an old person in the area. The Colonel understood that sometimes it was easier for seniors themselves to wheedle an accurate picture from their peers than it was for the police. Lord knows, Molly thought, we understand each other if no one else does. Of course, those who contributed descriptions weren't part of the Colonel's squad, nor did they necessarily even know of the squad's existence, but the information they collected was critical to the job at hand. Description sheets were passed out as a public service to anyone who wanted them. No one seemed to have guessed that the sheets served a second purpose as a guide for Granny Frag.
Molly hooked on her reading glasses and carefully compared each of the written descriptions with her mental image of the boy who'd been following her, reading, as she walked, past the canned goods, the detergents. In front of the dairy products where the light was brightest she stopped to reread the description. He was the one, she was sure: number seven.
According to the list in front of her, the gray-haired tom-toms had been beating out the description of this particular target for more than two months. Number Seven was credited with a fairly random pattern of snatches, and he'd always gotten clean away.

Now, having contacted the Colonel, Molly pushed as close as she could get to the plate glass window facing the street and positioned herself between two festive but ignorant sale signs —"GROND BEEF $1.39LB!!! CANNED PEA'S BUY 2 GET 1 FREE!!!" Over cantaloupes and oranges and what she considered to be yet another dishonest display of tomatoes she watched until she spotted the Colonel's battered Buick cruising by. You couldn't miss it, a kaleidoscope of flaking paint and primer, a real beater. But these days, she wondered, who isn't? She almost laughed out loud when the car slowed and she caught sight of those three pairs of sunglasses underneath three navy berets, the Geezer Squad, she thought, three blind mice looking for a stale hunk of cheese.
There, yes, they'd seen her. She waved and hurried to the exit. The store manager behind the service counter followed her with his eyes, shaking his head.
Now that the squad was here, Molly's orders were to stroll slowly and casually, doing whatever she had to do to hold the interest of the target. Earlier she had passed a currency exchange a few doors down, a narrow storefront with its barred windows painted khaki. A casual trip to that same exchange had worked well before, on their first outing when they got two of those awful punks at once. Figuring it might just do the trick again, she headed there with a painfully exaggerated shuffle. She would go inside for a few minutes, then come out and walk slowly away from any people, to somewhere isolated.
Inside the currency exchange Molly noticed that her hands were sweating, her heart racing like a sparrow's. The feeling wasn't completely unfamiliar. When she used to compete in tennis tournaments years ago — strictly amateur, of course — she'd felt the same right before the first match. Strange, she thought, that after all these years it took danger like this to bring back the feeling of being alive.
A couple of minutes went by after which she could no longer endure the glares of the man behind the narrow barred teller's cage. She smoothed her bulky gray sweater, reassured herself with a touch that the walkie-talkie was still safely tucked in the waist of her skirt, and ventured out.

***

The Colonel and his men were hunched low in the Buick, parked just down the block from the currency exchange. When they saw Molly come out, the Colonel gave the car a touch of gas and it crawled forward in the direction she was walking, matching her speed. At the sight of Molly the boy across the street perked up. He followed her, eventually crossing the street to be closer but still maintaining a measured distance.
"Where's she think she's going?" Ray Ambler said.
George Wilson pointed off past her. "Looks like she's heading down that side street. Good girl."
"Good girl? It could be dangerous down there."
"That's what we want, you fool. How long you been doing this?"
"Well, I don't like it anyway."
Molly didn't dare turn and look, but she knew she was being followed. She hoped the Colonel's jalopy wouldn't break down and leave her stranded. That was something she didn't even want to think about. She turned the corner and passed some small frame houses. Few people were around, only a couple of young kids on the other side of the street going the opposite direction, laughing and chattering. If it was going to happen at all, it was going to happen here. She walked on steadily, slowly.
In the Mobile Command Center, The Colonel had his binoculars pressed to his eyes and was following the target closely. Molly was well up the street now, and the snatcher had taken a position about ten yards behind her. The Buick crept along. With darkness crowding into the neighborhood, the Colonel wondered how long they could go on without headlights before someone noticed. Suddenly the boy lurched into a run, charging at full speed, grabbing at Molly's purse. The Colonel leaned forward. This was exciting, like watching a falcon attack or a marlin strike. And then the boy was off, feet pounding the sidewalk, up the block and into an alley. They always run into an alley, he thought. Very predictable these punks.
The Colonel turned on the lights and prepared to gun the engine, but when he checked the rear-view mirror he saw a police car just turning the corner, coming toward them. He had to think quickly.

***

Officer Veronica Natoli had been told, as had all the patrol officers, to keep a sharp eye out for any old women who might fit one of the many descriptions of Granny Frag. They'd actually said it like that: "The many descriptions of Granny Frag." Unbelievable, she thought. Not that Natoli was supposed to interrupt her regular duties. Just keep an eye out. And if she thought that was a goofy order, at least she hadn't been assigned to the detail she'd heard was canvassing the area looking for some kind of circus midget or something like that. Now that, she thought, would really have been goofy. One rookie, a friend of hers, had threatened to resign when the first few people he questioned practically laughed him off the street. But luckily, all Officer Natoli had to do was keep an eye out for an evil-looking little old lady of many descriptions. So that's what she was doing, in no particular hurry, on the way to a complaint about an old burglary that had just been discovered. She guided her squad car around the corner off of Howard Street, and just for a moment she caught sight of an old lady up the street on the right. A punk kid walked a short distance behind, and it looked a lot like he was stalking her, moving in. Could it be? She sped up to get a closer look when...

***

The Colonel shouted orders in rapid fire. "Art, get out and stand in front of the rear license plates — the rear! Got it? Make sure you block 'em. Go go go!"
Art scrambled. "Yes sir!"
"George, get behind the wheel and slide down out of sight." The Colonel rolled out of the car and shuffled into the street just as the police patrol accelerated toward them. He waved his arms, pointing toward the youngsters who moments ago had passed them on the other side of the street.

***

Officer Natoli had to tromp on the brakes to keep from mowing the old man down. What the hell was he doing anyway? The way he was standing she couldn't get a good look at the old woman down the block, and now, after he'd distracted her by running up to her on the driver's side, she could no longer locate the kid who'd been following the woman. How had he vanished so quickly? Now the old woman stood there by herself, halfway down the block, and this crazy old man seemed to have some urgent complaint.
"Thank God, thank God, officer. We were just robbed — at gunpoint. There they go, you can still catch them."
He gasped for air, out of breath as he pointed toward the kids behind her. They must have heard him shouting, they were now watching uneasily, exchanging worried glances. When they saw him pointing at them and the policewoman turning to look they began walking faster.
By the time the officer leaned out the car window the kids had broken into a full run.
The old man was still shouting. "Hurry, for God's sake. They're getting away. Look!"
From Officer Natoli's perspective, a definite armed robbery was better than a maybe Granny Frag. She slid out of the patrol car and unholstered her gun in one motion. "Stay right here, sir. I'll need a full statement."
"We'll be here, Officer. Hurry. I hope you catch the little bastards. But watch out. They could be dangerous."

***

In seconds the frightened youngsters were back at Howard Street and rounding the corner with the officer trailing behind, closing on them. The Colonel, hurrying back to his Buick, could see her struggling awkwardly to speak into her radio while maintaining her pace. He piled into the front seat chuckling.
"Let's go George, move it."
They pulled even with Molly down the block. Ray opened the rear door, grabbed her extended hand and practically dragged her inside.
"Oh, my," she said, plopping back against the torn vinyl seat cushion. Before all the action she'd been too excited to notice, but now, with her first chance to rest all afternoon, she was aware of how much her feet hurt. And her ankles were swollen again. She still had enough spunk left, though, to finish the game. She let out a prolonged sigh.
"Duck Three, reporting to base, sir. Was that the police I saw back there?"
"Just a minor complication. It's been taken care of."
Vastly impressed by the Colonel's powers of improvisation, George and Art stared at him with admiration. The Colonel, in turn, smiled at Molly. He was truly proud of her. "Well done, Duck Three. Congratulations."
George was now manning the binoculars and reporting what he saw. He had just observed a brief flash of light up ahead, behind the bushes where the purse-snatcher had disappeared.
"Here he comes running back out, Colonel, down the street. Oh oh. He's panicked. He's banging on somebody's door."
"Let me have those." The Colonel pulled the binoculars away and pressed them to his eyes. "Yeah, we got 'im. He's holding his arm against his side — must hurt like hell. Whoo hoo, this is like the Keystone Kops! Let's move out. We don't have much time before that policewoman comes back. Turn out the headlights and go."
They slowed briefly past the house where their latest victim had raised a commotion. Someone answered the door and the injured purse-snatcher flailed out wildly, jumping up and down, shouting something. The door slammed in his face, but he stayed, banging on it, kicking it.
The Colonel retrieved a note pad from the glove compartment and a flat carpenter's pencil, the kind you sharpen with a knife. "I'd better write down this address."
Perfect, he thought, as he fought the swaying of the car to copy down the street number. This is how an operation should go. Soon they'll be seeing the effects of their work. Though he felt a smidgen of guilt over the damage they were doing to the young hoodlums, still, it was more guilt than the hoodlums felt, he was sure. To the Colonel these were soulless thugs. And besides, the point was not to go on maiming, but rather to instill terror so that the attacks on the old people would stop. After that, no one would be hurt. That was the way it was supposed to work. With this in mind, the Colonel turned to catch Molly's eye.
"Excellent job. Superb. It looks like Molly gets another kill. Let's run by the alley and pick up the evidence. Then we'll find a phone."
In the alley the Colonel produced a flashlight, held it for them while they scooped up as much of the bomb's residue as they could find. The purse Molly had been carrying lay in the dirt, gray and long-tailed like an exploded rat. They didn't count the gathered pieces of shrapnel, but it seemed like most of them were there.
Not really knowing where the closest telephone might be, they drove for a while, putting distance between them and the immediate neighborhood in case there was a description of the Buick on the police radio. When they did find a phone, and after the Colonel made a call to the police with his voice disguised, Molly noticed a sign that read "31 Flavors." This perked her up considerably. Her legs felt much better now.
She struggled out of the car and beckoned them to follow. "C'mon boys. Mission accomplished. This calls for a celebration." Molly looked like a jolly gnome beaming in the bright fluorescent light of the ice cream shop. "It's cones all around, my treat — single scoop only if you don't mind." 


Chapter 18

Descending autumn had drained the air of much of its heat, but this afternoon the sun was out, cheerfully warming any upturned faces it found, including Clarissa's and Benny's. They had ventured out in front of the home and were waiting at the curb, about to stroll to the park across the street. This was the first time they'd been alone with each other since the night before when Benny had confronted Nurse Budka. From the entrance to the home a hobbled resident named Annie Carmichael called out to them.
"Clarissa! Oh, Clarissa!"
Because Annie moved with a walker, Clarissa had to backtrack to face her. "Yes. What is it Annie?"
"Would you be a dear and pick up a Lotto ticket for me, I mean if you're going by the convenience store? I can give you a dollar tonight at dinner."
They hadn't planned to walk that far, but why not? "Of course Annie, but I really don't know why you bother. No one ever wins. I think you're just wasting your money."
Annie lowered her eyes, tilting the walker back on two legs. "I know. It's just that Michael and I — my husband you know — we used to get a ticket every week. I suppose we did it just to be able to dream, and now I do it just for the memory. I know it's silly, but —"
Clarissa replied quickly, "No, it's not silly. Don't listen to me. We'll bring it right back to you. Don't you worry, Annie. We're happy to do it."
"Thank you, Clarissa. You're a dear."
Clarissa returned to Benny at the sidewalk and they crossed the street, moving slowly, savoring the mild autumn air. She took his arm and squeezed. "That was brave of you to stand up to Nurse Budka last night."
He tossed it off with a snort. "That insensitive witch. I've known murderers with more soul. Don't ever let people like her bother you."
"Still, I was proud of you." She smiled warmly.
Benny pointed out a cloud that looked like a rhinoceros, and Clarissa laughed enthusiastically when she could see it too. This was all so new for Benny. He felt he wasn't yet able to place himself properly in this relationship. Over the years he had known women, of course, but always in the context of a business arrangement of one kind or another. When you had to be able to move at a moment's notice you couldn't let your roots sink too deep. What was different now was that for the first time in his life outside of prison he wasn't on the move.
And, too, he sensed that Clarissa wanted something from him, and he was surprised to find that he sincerely wanted to give it to her, whatever it might be. And that may have been the problem: he didn't know what she wanted, and he didn't know how to ask. And, if he was to be completely honest with himself, there was a grim phantom deep within that reminded him in his weakest moments that it was all futile anyway. He was old. She was old. But on the other hand, what wasn't futile? Wasn't that, in the end, what life really was all about, cutting and stitching absolute futility into something warm and comfortable to wear for as long as it would last? He'd had a lot of time in prison to think it through.
Clarissa was still beaming at him as they passed Mary and Isabel feeding the pigeons at their favorite bench. Benny inadvertently stepped on some of the popcorn strewn across the path, flattening it while dirty-looking pigeons strutted in circles, annoyed at the intrusion.
As a postscript to a few exchanged pleasantries, Isabel said in her raspy voice, "Glad you gave it to old Sourpuss last night. Needed it."
"Thank you."
Benny and Clarissa didn't stop walking, and when Isabel judged them to be beyond earshot, she pulled Mary close to her.
"Love birds. Pfff."
Because Isabel was hard of hearing, she spoke more loudly than she realized. Anyone could have heard her all the way down the block.
At a bench near the other end of the park, Clarissa sat down and brushed away invisible dirt from the space next to her. Benny lowered himself alongside. For a while they watched in silence as a squirrel tried to keep a tree trunk between itself and a yelping terrier. Finally the dog gave up and trotted away with its stubby tail wagging.
"Benny, can I ask you something?"
"Of course. Anything."
"What made you take up your — profession?"
Benny sucked at the fresh autumn air and exhaled. "That's quite a question."
"You don't have to answer."
"But I want to. It's something I've often wondered about myself." He spread himself out loosely and leaned back. "I guess — what always seems to come back to me is the time when I was a boy and my uncle visited us. This was downstate, in a small town that isn't even there any more.
"We lived out on the edge of town — in this run down frame house, nearly a shack it was — and out back we had a small porch, a kind of a stoop without a railing. My uncle — a very eccentric man to say the least — somehow he got the idea that it would be fun to kick me off the stoop. I don't recall how it got started. I was maybe seven or eight. Anyway, he agreed to give me a nickel if I would let him kick me off the stoop. Well, that was a lot of money for a small town kid that age, so I thought it was a marvelous idea."
"You let him kick you?"
"He didn't kick that hard, and he used the side of his foot. It didn't even hurt much. I just kept my mind on that big shiny nickel. Then, after the first time, I picked myself up and came around for more."
"My God."
"It seemed wonderful at the time. Here were Uncle Angus and my aunt and cousins laughing like maniacs every time I'd go flying off the stoop. They thought I was a complete fool, but before you knew it I had a whole dollar. Hell, I was even laughing myself, never mind that my backside was beginning to ache like the devil."
"What? So that made you become a con man?"
"No. That came later. As the years went by I watched my father sweat and slave at a lumberyard to earn barely enough for the family to live on. He worked like a donkey, and whenever he asked for any kind of raise they'd tell him they could replace him any time he didn't like working there. Then he'd come home and cry to my mother — he never knew I overheard him. And I began to realize that what he was doing was just what I'd done with my uncle. He was letting people kick and humiliate him in exchange for money. Eventually they worked him to death."
Clarissa leaned against Benny who now seemed to be speaking to the trees.
"I guess being kicked off the stoop made me look down on any job where you were expected to let someone kick you for money. I promised myself that if there was ever any kicking to do, I'd be the one doing it. How I got into the con exactly, that was just coincidence. I met a few people who knew a few people, and ... I suppose what I've been looking for ever since is a life where no one can kick me. The confidence game was the only way I knew for a small town kid to make it big, fast. I know none of this is an excuse, but you asked for a reason."
"Yes, I did. And did you find a life where no one could kick you?"
For a moment Benny didn't answer. He placed his palms together and squeezed his hands between his knees to warm them. "Whatever I found I ended up with nothing, as you can see. Isn't that an awful thing to say at my age? What was it all for? What was I doing?"
Clarissa shuddered briefly and leaned forward. "We'd better keep moving. It's cold sitting still."
They wandered along the path to the edge of the park with Clarissa walking ahead of Benny. "Hadn't we better find a lottery ticket for Annie?" she asked. "Before we forget?"
"My treat," Benny said, and they continued on to the convenience store.

***

"Hey Brian, what sadistic bastard brought these things?"
Detective Scott Pickard's desk surface was littered with pistachio nuts and the shells of pistachio nuts already eaten. He had grabbed a huge handful from a bowl that had appeared mysteriously on a table beside the door overnight, and the tips of his thumbs, just under the nails, were aching from splitting the shells open.
Brian Matthews sat at his own desk filling out another in what seemed like an endless procession of reports. "The nuts you mean? I think the sergeant said his wife was sending them over." He watched Pickard. "You know, you don't have to eat them."
"You don't understand. These little boogers are addictive, like crack — worse." He scooped up a pile of empty shells with the back of an envelope and poured them into the wastebasket. "Do me a favor and break my arm if I take any more, will you?"
"You got it, partner. Hey, any news on the midget?"
"A few complaints from the beat officers. They say people are laughing at them on the street when they bring it up."
"I could've told you that."
A stocky, dark-haired young woman in uniform had come into the room and scanned the area. She spotted Matthews at his desk and approached.
"Excuse me sir. Officer Natoli. I wanted to talk to someone about the Granny Frag case and they said I should talk to you."
Pickard cleared the last evidence of pistachios from his desk and decided he wanted to hear this. He walked over and sat on the corner of Matthews' desk. Matthews gestured for Natoli to take the chair alongside.
"This is Scotty Pickard. We're together on this."
"Hi."
"So, what about Granny Frag?"
"Well, it might be something and it might not. I was coming up from Howard Street — in the Granny Frag area? — and I caught a glimpse of what looked like a purse snatching in progress."
"So you made a stop."
"That's just it. I was going to check it out when this old guy jumps out of his car..."
"What kind of car?"
"We'll I don't actually know. I could only see it end on, and there was another old guy standing in front of it, blocking the tag. It all happened so fast."
"You're trained to be observant, officer," Matthews said. He glanced at Pickard and back. "Okay, so?"
"Yes, sir. Well this old guy is frantic. He claims he's just been held up at gunpoint by a couple of kids who are still there on the street. The thing is, the kids started running and I really thought I had an armed robbery there."
"You're saying you didn't have one?"
"Well — this is all in the report, you can read it — when I caught up with the kids they were only ten years old and they were just running because everybody in that neighborhood runs from the cops."
"So what did the old guy say when you came back?"
"That's the kicker. When I got back to the scene there wasn't anybody there, even the old lady I thought might be getting ripped off was gone. And I was only away two, maybe three minutes."
The detectives exchanged glances, shaking their heads. Matthews took a condescending tone. "Well, you thought you had a Granny Frag incident and you didn't, then you thought you had an armed robbery and you didn't. It just wasn't your day, was it officer Natoli?"
"But it was."
"It was your day?"
"No, I mean, it was a Granny Frag incident. Five minutes later I got the call to pick up a purse snatcher with his hand injured just down from where I saw the old lady."
Now the detectives were both standing. They moved close to face the young officer, leaning over her.
Pickard said, "You're telling us what, that you think the old men were in on it? Think back. Try to remember all the details. Were they really old men? Were they short?"
"I have been thinking back. That's why I'm here." The detectives were staring hard at her. "They were definitely old men, and now I think they were trying to get me away from there. It's only a feeling, but I really think they had something to do with Granny Frag." 


Chapter 19

Benny waited in line at the counter in the Allhours Market to buy Annie Carmichael's lottery ticket while Clarissa browsed the aisles. He watched her pick up a ribbon and put it back, then a box of crayons. She seemed to enjoy seeing and touching these ordinary things as if they were curiosities in a museum. At the head of the line he laid out a dollar and, ticket in hand, caught up with Clarissa as she held a Chicago Bears T-shirt up to herself and contemplated her reflection in the glass door of the ice-cube locker.
"Excuse me, Miss. I've always admired glamorous film stars such as yourself. May I have your autograph?"
She fluttered her eyelashes. "Why, I'd like to give you one, but I'm afraid I never learned to write. We hire people for that you know."
"Of course. I understand. Then may I take you to dinner?"
"Why certainly, sir. How kind of you. May I suggest a small out-of-the way place that serves the most revolting spaghetti? It's very nearby." She meant, of course, the dining room at Meadowvale Nursing where Leon Keck's spaghetti-and-meat-sauce tyranny had begun. This was the only dish being served now, lunch and dinner.
"You may, indeed. But I rather had in mind a real restaurant."
She frowned at the suggestion. Few of the residents had enough money to squander on luxuries, and she knew that Benny was no exception.
He reached out and took Clarissa's arm. "Before you unduly concern yourself, let me say I have come into a small windfall due to ineptitude at pinochle over at the senior center — my opponents' ineptitude of course, not mine. I thought we might share in my ill-gotten gains."
She remembered the rumor that was spreading through the home, that the meat sauce on the spaghetti was made from dog food. The Colonel had probably invented the story to inflame them, but still, the thought was repulsive enough. Some of the old people had taken to barking like dogs at meals in protest. It was all very disconcerting.
Clarissa returned Benny's earnest smile. "Yes, please. I'd love it. But I wouldn't know where to go."
"Leave it to me, Miss." They locked arms and headed for the street, stepping out in unison like a pair of ballroom dancers.

***

Benny and Clarissa soon found themselves dining in a real restaurant, dark and intimate even though it was just late afternoon. What little light there was came from the candle flames that quivered in glass globes on each table. The illumination was at a bad angle for Clarissa. She was sure it carved the lines of her face into deep unflattering shadows. Imagining how she must look to Benny sitting across from her made her uneasy, but Benny didn't seem to notice. No, she realized he was looking straight into her eyes and there was a warmth to him that gradually separated her from her worries.
The tables were black Formica-topped squares with metal edging, and the sugar dispenser was the usual glass silo with metal top, matching the ordinary glass salt- and peppershakers. But it had been a year or more since Clarissa had been anywhere to speak of, so these mundane objects possessed an exotic quality.
Benny too was moved by the moment. They'd been carrying on a superficial conversation, purposely avoiding something, it seemed, though it was not immediately clear what. While Clarissa performed surgery on the bones of her short ribs, Benny sipped his tea contentedly, reflecting on the mediocre meal in front of him. Has it really come down to this? he wondered. There were nights when he lay awake dreaming of his favorite veal Cordon Bleu — the way they made it on the Continent, not the cardboard imitation you found in the States. But all that had been long ago and in another country, and besides... He laughed to himself. For now, he'd have to settle for breaded veal cutlet fresh from the freezer. But seeing how much Clarissa enjoyed herself, he forgave the food completely. She paused after several more bites, setting her utensils down, in part to make the meal last longer he suspected.
"My goodness, look at me gobble. You'd think I hadn't eaten in a week."
"There are those who would swear to it."
She lowered her eyes and took a quick swipe at her lips with her napkin. "Benny, this was a wonderful idea."
A waitress carrying a tray of desserts caught Benny's eye. "They have lemon meringue pie. I haven't had that since I was a kid."
"Let's have some, then. I hope we can afford it."
"Yes, just." He hesitated, making a project of pouring the spillage from his saucer back into his teacup. Leaning forward on his elbows he studied her, and when she became self-conscious, said, "Clarissa, tell me what I can do."
"Whatever do you mean?"
"It's all right. You don't have to pretend."
Her puzzlement seemed to intensify. She pinched her lips into a bow beneath wary eyes.
Benny went on, "Ever since we met I've sensed that you see something in me, or want something I have or can do, but I don't know what it is. I'm simply asking you what that might be." He paused for another sip of tea. "Because, if I can give you what you want, I will."
Benny studied her. A delicate thread of fear appeared to weave its way into her face, stitching the creases tighter together. Or was it despair? He wasn't sure. Her hands applied themselves nervously to each other the way he'd noticed they always did when she was upset.
"If you don't tell me," he said, "I can't help."
She sighed a what-the-hell sigh and fixed him with her eyes. "Listen, Benny, you — you've only been here for a few weeks. I've been here for a year. I don't think you realize yet how the home can wear you down."
"I've seen things."
"Yes, but day after day, month after month, the way they treat us — it's like — I don't know, some giant hand pressing down until we don't have the strength to resist any more. Don't you see it, the way everyone's spirits are slowly crushed?"
Benny shook his head. "If you're not careful you'll start sounding like that crazy Colonel."
A waitress passed by and stacked up their empty salad plates, moving them to a side cart before vanishing toward the kitchen.
"I'm not so sure the Colonel is all that wrong, Benny. At least he seems to be doing something about it, whether you agree with his methods or not."
"I do know what he's doing, and I don't see how it's making our lives any better."
Fueled by her own hope now, Clarissa leaned toward him, low across the table. "But don't you see? That's where you can help."
"What can I do? I categorically refuse to go roaming the streets like a hoodlum, I'll tell you that right now."
"Benny, you've seen the world, you've done so much, you know so much. I just thought if maybe — if you could use your experience to help us, to help yourself. My God, we don't deserve the lives we're forced to live. You see that, don't you?"
At this precise moment Benny realized with a shock that a kind of pathetic resignation had, indeed, begun to overtake him since he'd arrived at Meadowvale Nursing. A chill played at the back of his neck. Clarissa was right. The pleasures of story telling notwithstanding, something inside him had been shrinking. Only now did he realize how pernicious this lethargy could be, creeping up, taking control of your will until, when enough indignation had been suffered, you were ready to surrender completely to oblivion. How long would it have been before he'd have given up?
Clarissa searched his face, and Benny could feel the pressure of her pleading. And he knew what was behind her glistening eyes. Yes, she'd survived a year, but he could see now that she was afraid — terrified — that she couldn't hold out much longer.
Still, his point was valid. What, indeed, could he do? His expertise lay in duping the greedy rich. He hadn't had occasion to lock horns with incompetent orderlies and sadistic nurses and a broken down welfare bureaucracy. But there was no way to refuse the face across the table from him, at once hopeful and desperate.
"When I think back to when I was in prison," Benny said. "In all those years I never felt the same way I feel now. It's almost like a Kafka story. Here you're in a kind of prison too, but the guards humiliate you, the other inmates are turned into zombies right before your eyes, you can't leave your cell without being molested in some way or other, and all along you suspect you must have done something terrible to deserve it, but you can't think what. And that's what makes it all the worse for me — not knowing why. I stole money and I went to prison, fine, but what did any of us ever do to end up here?"
With Clarissa on the verge of tears he quickly added, "I'll try, Clarissa. That's all I can promise you. I'll try, if that's what you want."
She didn't respond, just watched him watery-eyed, her head leaning sideways against the back of her hand, her elbow propped against the table. Finally she reached out and covered his hand with hers. "Benny, we don't have any choice."
Benny took a moment to finish chewing his veal, sip some more tea, set the cup down. He placed his free hand in turn over hers. Laughing, he said, "Then God help someone. I don't know who yet, but someone will pay."
And now, energized by the spark of hope she glimpsed in Benny, Clarissa sensed something else intruding on her thoughts. Lately a certain primal feeling had been threatening to emerge into her consciousness, a feeling born out of her suppressed terror to be sure, but also out of a kind of caring that she hadn't felt in years. She hadn't bothered to control the feeling because she hadn't fully understood it, not understood that it might require controlling. Now, in a flash of recognition it came full upon her, and it seemed to drain all her strength. She withdrew her hands and gripped the edge of the table to hold herself steady, afraid that Benny would notice the change.
And as suddenly as her strength had receded, it returned and she was emboldened. She let a shoe drop quietly to the floor and slowly, very slowly, Clarissa stretched out her leg to touch Benny's knee, her toes brushing the inside of his thigh. He didn't move, simply raised his chin, searching her eyes uncertainly. Clarissa swallowed and thought, My God, I can't believe it. I'm actually horny, an old broad like me.
Her eyes were shining, and Benny still wasn't sure how to react, though he was aware that at this late date he was feeling as he never had before — nothing quite like this. His experience in dealing honestly with life as it unfolded was limited. Benny felt like a novice — a ridiculous concept at his age. And he also felt his groin quiver involuntarily against Clarissa's advance. But I'm an old man, he thought.
They continued wordlessly with their meal and Clarissa eventually withdrew her toes, leaving their message to linger.
When they were finished, the waitress swung by in her haste. She had dropped off the check some minutes earlier.
"Can I getcha anythin' else?"
"No, thank you. We're quite finished."
"Yeah, well, you pay at the cashier, gramps. Okay? There's others waitin'."
Benny watched the waitress hustle off, her shiny black dress straining at her hips. Scowling, he carefully retrieved the generous tip he'd counted out in quarters and returned it to his pocket. He stood and moved behind Clarissa's chair to slide it out, then held her sweater while she wrapped it over her shoulders. Upon reaching the pavement they joined hands and strolled back toward the home, choosing the long way.

***

"Listen to this editorial, Brian, would you? 'Citizens of Evanston, you are safe again. Street crime in the area is down eighty-two percent from the same period last year, due, our sources tell us, solely to the efforts of a lone elderly crime fighter known as Granny Frag. This has given us a wonderful idea. We propose that the minimum age for police be raised to seventy-five, and that all current members of the force be retired and put on Medicare, or better still day care. How about it Mayor?'"
Detective Pickard slapped the newspaper down on his desk and scooted his chair backward, twisting his mouth. He slumped back and let his arms hang down in weary exasperation. "Everybody's laughing at us, Brian. Can you believe it? They're making fun of us, but I'd like to see any of them do any better. What the hell, we're only human. I don't think anybody realizes how slick this gang really is."
Brian Matthews never read the editorial pages on principle. Waiting for Pickard to stop fuming, he stared at the wall map of Evanston which now sprouted so many Granny Frag pins it looked like a Chia Pet. He rubbed his eyes. "You shouldn't read that crap anyway."
"Oh, great, so if I just stop reading about Granny Frag she'll go away? That's so simple I can't believe I didn't think of it myself."
"Stay cool, partner. We got the streets covered and Granny's due for a mistake any time now. We almost had her the other day when Natoli came on the scene. Did I mention I spent the afternoon upstairs with the sergeant? He put the word out. You better believe no officer will make that same mistake again. Granny Frag is top priority."
Pickard rose and walked around his desk to inspect, for the hundredth time, the drawings and artist's composites of the various Granny Frags. "It still doesn't seem possible that this is the work of little old ladies. They're supposed to be sweet and gentle, knitting and baking cookies and shit. You know what I'm saying? This is going down like some organized gang of professional terrorists."
"Would you feel better if they just stabbed the punks with knitting needles, or maybe baked them to death?"
Pickard scowled at Matthews and started toward the door. "I'd feel better if you'd take back your promise to break my arms if I eat any more pistachios. Are there any left?"
"Sorry, old buddy. When you said you didn't want any more I ate 'em all myself."  

***

The orderly Carl Weably started out at the top floor — the way he always did, planning to work his way down — but he was particularly annoyed this evening because there were lots more doses of tranquilizers to be administered. He had agreed to be here, but he hadn't necessarily agreed to do a lot of work. No one had said anything about work. The situation had Carl feeling grouchy until he remembered that Leon had fired two other orderlies and given him a raise. He was evidently the chosen one, which made him a lot more important around here. Grudgingly he decided that he could probably bring himself to do a little something extra. He wheeled his steel cart through the hall on the men's level, checking his sheet of instructions tucked into a clipboard on the side. Working his way along one side of the hallway, then back around the other, he administered medicine to the geezers whether they wanted it or not.

***

Mr. Bingham in room 503 was eighty-eight years old and confined to a wheelchair despite a sound mind and a lively, biting sense of humor. For the last few days, though, he'd been wondering if he was beginning to fall apart. He'd become very depressed when he realized he couldn't seem to think straight, until he finally correlated his incipient senility with the new medication the doctor had prescribed without telling him what it was for — which should have made him suspicious right away. It had taken a mighty effort to part the chemically induced clouds, but now that he suspected what was wrong he had no intention of taking any more pills until he could speak with the doctor again.
Having just made this decision, he heard Carl, that Smart Alec orderly, out in the hall, ready to come in to lift him from his chair onto the bed and give him those same damned pills. Mr. Bingham resolved to be firm. He would simply explain the problem to Carl — he'd skip the pills, and that would be that.

***

Benny and Clarissa had managed to stretch their walk so that they missed dinner. It didn't matter. They were still full from their late lunch at the restaurant, and besides, they weren't big eaters. It had been more important for them to be together by themselves. Benny held the lobby door for Clarissa and followed her inside. He saw Nurse Budka, lately always on duty, look up briefly from her Bible to scowl. When Clarissa spotted the nursing assistant, Consuela Melendez, waiting over by the elevators, she started forward waving, then returned briefly to Benny.
"Would you wait here for a minute? I want to talk to Connie — privately. It'll just take a minute."
"My dear, your wish is my command," Benny said, curious but not wanting to show it.
He scooped up a copy of yesterday's paper from the floor and started to sit on one of the filthy couches.  Thinking better of it he leaned against the wall. Clarissa had already crossed to the waiting Connie and towed her off to the side where they huddled close together. They were speaking quietly.  Every so often Connie would turn to look over at Benny, then smile and put her fingertips to her lips. He couldn't tell for sure, but she might have been snickering.
Across the room Nurse Budka, as well, had noticed Connie and Clarissa together and seemed to be disturbed by their conference. Did she think they were laughing at her? Benny guessed she did. In his experience, morons were always a little paranoid. He was beginning to recognize the nurse's moods. Whatever she thought now, though, disturbed her enough that she raised the hinged counter leaf and hustled out into the room. In a few quick steps she reached the two women. Moving closer, Benny could just make out her nasal voice.
"Miss Melendez, you're supposed to be on duty tonight. Are you going to start work or not?"
"Yes Mrs. Budka, I'm waiting for the elevator."
But Connie seemed still to be under Clarissa's spell and she couldn't suppress a giggle, though she tried to cover her mouth. Grace Budka pushed between the two, glaring hard at Connie.
"Is there something here that I should know about?"
Connie tried her best to stiffen her mouth. "Oh no, Mrs. Budka. Really. It's no problem. It's —"
She stifled yet another giggle just as both Benny and the elevator arrived. Benny's presence seemed to freeze Nurse Budka's face into a prickly frown, and when he nodded, her cheeks darkened dangerously. He wasn't ready for another confrontation just yet. Quickly he guided Connie and Clarissa past the seething woman, and the sliding elevator doors closed behind them none too soon.
On the trip up, Benny and Clarissa faced forward with blank expressions while Connie grinned from ear to reddened ear, rocking back and forth on her heels with her arms folded. Benny watched Connie, and tried to catch a glimpse of Clarissa too by rolling his eyes hard to the left. Without knowing why, he was beginning to feel foolish, as if someone had stuck a sign on his back that read "Kick me." Eventually the car stopped at the third floor, one below Clarissa's, and Consuela Melendez hopped quickly into the hall.
"Bye now," she said, dragging the syllables out. She fluttered her fingers at Benny and winked broadly at Clarissa before disappearing down the corridor.
Benny cleared his throat. "So many young people are ruining their lives with drugs these days."
He knew he was joking, but he wasn't sure what the real joke was, or on whom. At the next stop, where he would normally have stepped off to see Clarissa to her door, she restrained him.
"No, it's my turn. We take turns walking each other home. That's the way it is nowadays with women's liberation and all. I know my rights."
He shrugged. They continued up and disembarked into the men's corridor to the sounds of a shouting match in 503. Mr. Bingham and Carl were going around about some pills.
"I'm not taking 'em, I'm not taking 'em, I'm not taking 'em! That's all there is to it."
"I'm under strict orders from Mr. Keck himself to see you get your medication and God damn it you're gonna take it!"
"You can't dope me up like a rat! It's not right and you know it. No! Noooo..."
Carl had Mr. Bingham in a strangle hold and was forcing his teeth apart with dirty fingers. Neither of them realized Benny and Clarissa were in the room until Benny spoke.
"What in the world are you doing, Carl? You're hurting him."
Carl was startled and turned around snarling.
"You get the hell out of here! Maybe I find you on the list you'll get one too! Get the hell out of here, I'm tellin' ya."
Clarissa decided that a woman's voice might have a mediating effect.
"Carl. Please stop. Why don't we get Nurse Budka to come up and straighten..."
"Listen you old bitch. I told ya to butt out!"
He shoved hard past Benny and thrust five stiff fingers at Clarissa's breastbone. The blow was deflected only at the last moment by Benny's flailing arms as he struggled to stay on his feet, but Carl shook him off and Benny dropped to the floor. Now Carl prodded Clarissa along the hall with firm jabs to the shoulders — left, right, left. "I know you. You like to stick your nose in where it don't belong, huh? Huh? Huh?"
She began to cry, too angry to back away. He would have kept on shoving, but something caught his eye and he stopped abruptly.
Behind Clarissa, at the end of the hall, Carl saw the Colonel standing silently. She turned too and saw him, but no one said a word. Clarissa had a handkerchief to her cheeks and was patting away the tears as Carl, breathing heavily, backpedaled to where his cart was parked. By now Benny was on his feet, just in time for Carl to snap at him.
"This ain't finished, old man. You and me, we're gonna meet again."
Carl wheeled his cart into the elevator — left standing open from when Benny and Clarissa had arrived — and was quickly swallowed up, leaving his venom hanging in the air.
The Colonel clasped his hands behind his back and seemed to stare at Benny, though it was difficult to tell through the sunglasses. Finally he said with a lopsided smirk, "Are you ready yet?" and retreated to his room without waiting for a reply.
Benny hurried to Clarissa — or rather they hurried to each other — and he put his arms around her. "Are you all right?"
She sniffed, almost laughed. "Oh, why did this have to happen? I wanted this to be special, and now the mood is spoiled."
Any mood there had been was surely shattered, but Benny was not willing to admit it, if only for Clarissa's sake. "The mood isn't spoiled," he assured her. "We can't let hooligans like him spoil things so easily or we'll never live in peace."
"You're sure it's not spoiled?"
"I'm sure. But I wish I knew what you were talking about."
A sly shadow crossed her face. "All right, then, here's my secret."
She pressed her lips close to Benny's ear and whispered in the throatiest voice she could muster. "I want you to come to my room tomorrow night at half past midnight." She let a loose hand drift to his buttocks and pressed lightly. "It's Connie's night for floor duty on four, and she promises on her honor not to see or hear a thing."
Fireworks went off in Benny's head. Behind his closed lids he could see the complicated explosions of rockets and Roman candles, sparkling pinwheels. His knees felt weak. He hugged her closer, as much to stay on his feet as out of affection, wondering what on earth was happening to him. It didn't feel bad — just overwhelming. Who was this woman in his arms who had affected him like no other in almost four score years — years, he was beginning to suspect, that had been pathetically wasted in self absorption and venality? In this small, this infinitesimal moment, the possibilities for Benny and Clarissa seemed boundless. And all of the clever words that had been his life's mainstay had suddenly leaked out of the puncture that Clarissa had made in his inflated self-image. Benny Campbell was speechless.
They remained in tight embrace until it was too difficult to breathe, at which point Clarissa pulled free, planted a feather kiss on Benny's cheek and disappeared down the fire stairs, leaving him to gawk after her in stark amazement. 


Chapter 20

By the Colonel's estimate, they had only one or two more weeks to run the purse-snatching counter-offensive before it became too risky. They had already had one near disaster. After that he would have to think up a few other operations, and that would take planning. But the message had been received by the street criminals — there was no doubt about that. Robberies and muggings in the area, especially of older people, had dwindled to a fraction of what they were before Granny Frag hit the streets. Granny Frag. The Colonel liked the name, wished he'd thought of it himself. It captured the link he had sought to establish between the two elements involved: senior citizens and military action.
The three men of the Colonel's squad were in the Mobile Command Unit trailing Molly Friend who had attracted her latest pair of purse-snatchers. She had cast the line of temptation like the veteran she had become and was skillfully reeling them in. Back at the home the three Sitting Ducks had taken to painting thumbs on the railings of their beds, one for each criminal disabled, the way pilots paint flags or silhouettes of enemy planes on their own aircraft to signify kills. Molly had the most thumbs right now. She would undoubtedly take the prize — a genuine World War II aviator's scarf from the Colonel's private collection — and the title of "ace" when the campaign was complete.
In the few short weeks of the operation Molly had proven the complete professional. She learned quickly and was able to think on her feet as well as anyone. Today she was dolled up like an old gypsy in a yellow flower print covered by a gaudy patchwork sweater. She had a pale green scarf around her head and a matching belt fastened tightly to hold up the CB radio tucked inside her dress. And she knew that in two or three minutes the snatchers would make the grab. After so many sorties you developed a feel for the timing. It would probably happen right up ahead past that yard where the evergreens were growing out along the fence — easy to conceal the action there. Whenever it happened, it wouldn't matter to Molly the veteran.
The Colonel was behind the wheel, George Wilson manned the binoculars, and Ray Ambler chewed his gum like crazy, blowing some of the biggest bubbles he'd ever blown. In those first days when they were starting out this would have been a moment of high tension, but success had spoiled them so that they no longer seemed to feel any sense of danger. That worried the Colonel.
As expected, the snatchers made their move on Molly right next to the evergreens. But something was happening a little differently this time. George watched it, not sure of what he was seeing, or if it was something to be concerned about. Instead of running by and snatching the purse, one of the punks had tugged it away from her and come back around, and now the other one had joined him. They handed the purse back to Molly and seemed to be talking to her, pointing at it. She stood still, making no attempt to get away or run — not at her age and sandwiched between them the way she was.
Now one of them took the purse out of her hands again and thrust it at her face. He seemed to be shouting.
"Colonel," George said with nervous alarm. "I think we'd better move. The lousy punks didn't run away with the purse. They're back. Looks like they might be trying to get her to open it herself, but I can't be sure from here."
"Damn! All right. Get over here behind the wheel, but don't start us moving yet."
The Colonel forced open the rusted driver's-side door and scrambled out, heading for the trunk. George scooted over, squeezing his legs under the steering column, binoculars pressed fretfully to his eyes. Moments later the Colonel climbed in on the passenger side clutching a moldy horse blanket folded around something long and narrow. When he was all the way inside he unfolded it and took out his .22 bolt-action Mossberg target rifle with telescopic sight.
"Move forward very slowly, George. I'll tell you when to stop."
The Colonel rolled down the passenger window and braced the rifle along the bottom edge, hunching down to get at the sight. When his sunglasses got in the way he tore them off and flung them to the floor.
"Keep moving. Just a little closer, a little more."
The punks had Molly down now and were slapping at her, trying to make her open the purse. She had one arm up to protect her face, but it didn't do much good. She couldn't protect everywhere. And now the Colonel had a fuzzy bead on one of them, but it was as if someone had smeared Vaseline on the lens. He hadn't realized until now that his sight had gotten this bad. He tried to adjust the focus and it cleared enough to distinguish shapes, to tell one person from another. There, there, slowly...
"Stop the car! Hold it! Get ready to pick her up. You ready, Ray?"
"Yes sir."
Ray crouched in the back seat, but his biggest ever bubble had burst and was stuck all over the window so that he couldn't see out very well. And he didn't want to roll the window down for fear of jamming the mechanism. He compromised and opened it just till the smear of gum touched the rubber seal.
The rifle cracked.
The Colonel chambered another round and fired again. Yes, the punk jumped. Got him that time. At this distance, even with .22 long rifle cartridges it wasn't likely he'd done much damage. Just as well. All he wanted was to pick up Molly and get out of there.
"Ha!" George barked. "You got him right square in the ass, Colonel. He can hardly walk. His partner's trying to figure out what the hell happened."
"Let's go get her."
George tromped on the gas and the wheels started to squeal. But just as quickly he jammed his foot on the brakes and the three of them were thrust clumsily forward.
"What the hell are you doing, George? I said let's move!"
"Look down the block."
Where George was pointing, a white patrol car with blue trim, lights flashing, siren menacing, came bearing down on Molly. The purse-snatchers must have heard it. They were running away, or at least one was running, the other was hobbling, pivoting on one stiff leg. Someone must have seen what was happening and called the police.
"Okay," the Colonel said, "listen carefully. Back up very calmly and slowly. They won't be looking this way. Make a U-turn and move off as though nothing happened."
"But what about Molly? She's still down. The operation's blown."
The Colonel had seen this kind of thing before. And he'd seen women like Molly in situations just like this.
"I don't think we have to worry. They can try, but I don't think there's a Nazi alive who can break her. Not if I'm any judge. Now let's get out of here."
"Yes, sir."
Ray could see clearly out the back window. Two patrolmen were approaching Molly, fuzzy silhouettes against the pulsing red and white lights of their squad car. 

***

Molly's knees ached so much she wasn't sure if she could stand. She had seen the police car coming. As soon as the purse-snatchers had run off she wrestled the walkie-talkie out of her waistband and pitched it as far as she could. Now if she could just reach her purse maybe she could hide it, too — under her dress or somewhere. But the police were moving too fast, they were almost here. They would see her hiding it if she tried now. Too late.
The taller of the two policemen hurried up to her. "You okay, ma'am?"
A small crowd of gapers had begun forming, attracted by the lights and the siren. They clustered from every direction, mostly children. Molly made an effort to appear the simple victim. Through a gap in the crowd she watched a small boy pick up her CB radio and scamper away when he was sure no one had seen him.
"I don't know, officer, I think so. If you could just help me up."
He bent down to pull her up by the wrist. The shorter man had located the purse and went to retrieve it. Molly didn't let it out of her sight.
"It doesn't look like they got your wallet or anything. They didn't even get the purse open. The catch still —"
"Noooooo!" she moaned. The foolish young man was about to open it. What else could she do?
"Excuse me ma'am?"
"I — eh — my knee. My knee hurt me."
"Yes, well —"
Grown larger now, the crowd pushed closer. Another small boy, about ten and bolder than the rest, had to be chased back. And now the officer holding the purse noticed a few small drops of blood on the walk, trailing off in the direction away from the squad car.
"Hey Rob, this looks like — there's a trail of — Oh Jesus —"
Understanding descended upon the officer in an avalanche. He stiffened, staring wide-eyed at the purse in his hand, doing his level best to impersonate a memorial in bronze to policemen everywhere. Keeping still, very, very still, his gaze never leaving the purse, he all but stopped breathing. He bent at the knees to lower it to the ground. Gently. Gently he let it settle, not letting go too soon. No jostling. No bumps.
His partner was mesmerized by this display.
"You okay, buddy? What's going on?"
The bag was on the ground now, an inert shapeless lump concealing, if he was right, a nasty little secret. The young officer drew his gun and scanned the area for anything out of the ordinary. Finding nothing he holstered it before turning to explain. At the sight of the weapon the crowd had backed off a few steps, but it closed in again to hear what was being said.
"Partner, I think maybe we got us Granny Frag here. I'm calling it in."
Amid the applause of the crowd, Molly Friend held on to the sides of her head with trembling hands, covering her ears as if she were warding off the terrible pronouncement of a judge's sentence. 


Chapter 21

Benny and the Colonel were in their shared room, in their beds — had been for hours. The narrow window at the end of their narrow cell stood open halfway and the only sounds were those that floated in on the feeble draft. Each night Benny had offered grateful praise that the Colonel didn't snore. There was no telling how quickly lack of sleep might have driven him to murder. That he had to suffer the Colonel's constant "Are you ready yet?" through the waking day was quite enough in itself.
But tonight it wasn't snoring that kept Benny awake. He was hoping to have caught a bit of rest earlier tonight — the night — but the sound of his own heartbeat had been enough to deny him. For a while he lay there counting his pulse. Then he directed his attention out the window, listening to the night sounds.
He squeezed his eyes shut and realized that with hearing alone it was possible to tell when autumn was near. Throughout the summer the trees sway quietly with the breeze, paying little attention to the slow baking away of their juices. Then, sometime in September, the dry leaves, still deceptively green, begin to chafe at each other. Hearing their scrape and rustle it's impossible not to sense the impending fall if you listen carefully.
Benny could hear this message from the trees when he wasn't listening to the flow of his own waning juices. Every thousand heartbeats or so he squinted to read the oversize hands on the clock the Colonel had placed atop their common bureau. The glow from a street lamp outside was just bright enough. It had been ten o'clock a long time ago. Then much later it was ten-thirty. He counted, and counted some more, and now it was past midnight, but not much. Each time he looked at the clock he reached under his bed to assure himself that he hadn't forgotten the narrow package wrapped in white tissue and tied with a red grosgrain bow. Every time it had been there, but still he checked.
The Colonel snorted and turned fitfully, tugging at sheets caught beneath him. Drab, flimsy curtains slid away from the breeze. Benny's count was again into the thousands and it was time once more to check the clock. And, pure mercy for Benny, it was now 12:23 — time to go. He sat up slowly and swung his legs onto the floor. He'd had the foresight to leave his robe out at the foot of his bed. He slipped into it and transferred the beribboned parcel into a pocket. He gripped the doorknob and turned it slowly — completely around until he was sure the bolt was clear of the strike plate. When he pulled there was a sharp rasping of wood where the warped edge caught the jamb, but it was over in a moment and the Colonel hadn't moved. Outside he reversed the process and headed for the fire stairs.

***

The Colonel snorted again and coughed. Though it was dark, he reached out and fumbled alongside the bed to where he found his sunglasses. He put them on and sat up. Propped against his stiff military pillow, hands behind his head, fingers interlocked, he contemplated the empty bed across from him. 

***

Clarissa's roommate Diane, the nonagenarian, was almost continuously comatose. She had been out for hours now and it looked to Clarissa as if, even were she to be wakened, she wouldn't know what planet she was on. Clarissa supposed she should feel bad for Diane, but this one time she was grateful that the old woman wasn't conscious.
Earlier tonight Clarissa had arranged to be the last one to take a shower, and back in her room she had applied just the lightest dab of Joy from a bottle borrowed from old Isabel who'd been hoarding it over the years. Her hair was combed out and tied with a soft yellow scarf, and she was wearing the best nightgown that anyone could find in the laundry pool. She had on no other makeup except eyeliner applied at the last moment by Connie Melendez. "You look just beautiful, Mrs. Medill," Connie had told her. "So beautiful — like a queen."
And Clarissa, too, had been unable to sleep. Beside her the sheets were turned down in a crisp triangle, though the bed was so narrow it seemed like a silly gesture. What she really wondered was whether Benny would actually show up. The two of them had avoided intimate situations during the day. Had it been because it might have meant bad luck? Or was it that Benny was having second thoughts? No, Clarissa had a powerful faith now that told her Benny would indeed appear.

***

Benny reached the fourth floor and opened the fire door just enough to peer down the hallway. He saw Connie near the elevators, sitting with her back toward him. He was certain she knew he was there, but she didn't turn around. Still, Benny wasn't entirely sure of the arrangements that had been made, so he crept ahead quietly, sneaking like a thief to Clarissa's door.
His hand was stretched out to turn the knob, just closing on it, when a scream of agony pierced the quiet hallway. Benny straightened instantly and grasped his chest with both hands. In seconds his pulse rate doubled. He stood completely still, but when Connie didn't turn around he realized it had been only a night cry. He relaxed and took a breath to calm himself. Benny had heard more than a few of these screams since he had come here. Some of the elderly so easily forgot where they were, or perhaps remembered, and woke up screaming. For a terrifying moment they were lost in a world they didn't recognize — nothing like the one in which they'd spent all of their active lives.
At last Benny and Clarissa were together in her room. He didn't switch on the light — that wouldn't have done — but even in the pale glow filtering through her frilly plaid curtains he could see that she was exceptionally beautiful tonight. In soft focus, gently illuminated, she was truly radiant. She patted a spot on the mattress beside her and he moved to her, pulling himself close.
Suddenly he remembered and reached into his pocket. His voice was a whisper as he offered her the package, glancing uneasily at the drugged old woman folded into the other bed like a mummy.
"For my beautiful Clarissa."
Clarissa untied the bow and slid out a single yellow rose. It had taken him over three hours at pinochle with quite a bit of risky cheating to afford even the one — roses were so expensive these days and the old duffers played for such meager stakes. Clarissa pressed the flower to her breast, nuzzled it, savored it. With a soft murmur she opened her arms for Benny and they embraced, the rose still in her hand, its petals grazing her ear.
"Clarissa. I never knew — never realized what I've missed all these years. But you —"
"Don't talk, Benny. Please, just be here."
He broke off, but they continued to hold each other, and then slowly, carefully they risked a kiss.
Though Clarissa's husband had finally died over a year ago, he had been ill for a number of years, in and out of the hospital for many months before the end. And even earlier, their relationship had had its problems — for a long time there hadn't been the same imperative to touch that had existed at the beginning. But in all those years she had not had the inclination, or the heart, to seek comfort elsewhere, and so tonight marked the first time in almost a decade that she felt the full intimate warmth, experienced the total presence of a man. Until this moment she hadn't realized how much she missed it, this lost dimension suddenly restored to her life. Now, as the kisses became firmer, more insistent, she could barely choke back sobs of joy.
Benny had been to bed with women before, knew the mechanics of it, even many of the more subtle skills. But it was a far different thing to be with a woman with no ulterior objective. He knew how much their being together tonight meant to Clarissa, and he had made it mean as much to him. This was his invisible gift to her, to deliver in substance what the gift of the rose only signified. She pulled away from him and tugged her nightgown up over her head, careful not to tangle her meticulously arranged hair. Then, leaning forward, she took his hand and placed it between her breasts. She had always been small there, so she retained some firmness with little sagging over the years. But it wouldn't have mattered to Benny in any case. He caressed first one breast, then the other, softly circling the nipples. A miraculous tingling began in his groin, something quite different from the bland exercise of nature discovered now and then in the early morning. Here was a tangible remnant of manhood, indeed of humanity, that had not yet been stripped away by whatever forces had beaten him down thus far. Here in this room, the world, with its relentless erosion, would have to wait. He slouched out of his robe, let it drop, and slipped off his pajama bottoms, then the top, managing somehow to keep one arm around Clarissa.
And Clarissa had brought her own gift to their bed, itself invisible but not intangible. Today she had taken a walk to the drugstore to purchase a tube of KY Jelly. She had felt so embarrassed at the checkout counter, the way a teenager must feel buying condoms. But how could the girl at the register have known what use she'd had in mind for it? There were so many. Still, Clarissa wondered, had that been a smirk on her face? Nonetheless, it was an important gift for this night. With it she was a lustfully naughty young girl again, primed for her lover, ready and wanting. With it they were even — they both had their miracles to share.
Benny climbed onto the skinny bed to lie close beside her. He kissed the nearest breast and squeezed her buttocks, softly, gently. Soon he retrieved his hand and trailed a finger in idle circles on her stomach, edging slowly downward. And then in a lazy sweep his finger extended below and he discovered her gift, her miracle. The wet touch stiffened him to fullness, and he slid even closer while she raised her legs and placed them over his sideways hips. Benny was not in any shape for real exertion. He recognized his health limitations and knew instinctively that climbing on top of her would court disaster. Instead he entered her lying on his side and suddenly they were coupled and she exhaled with a rich, low groan from deep inside. He laid his arm across her and hugged her to him with all his strength. There was no rush to move. They both would have wished to make this moment last forever if such a thing were possible. It was a moment able to renew life and meaning at a time when death and emptiness were being forced on them from every quarter.
But the moment didn't last.
When the lights came on they were both blinded. Even shielding their eyes they couldn't see anything — but they could hear.
"Oh, my God! Oh, my God!"
The voice of Nurse Budka, cawing with indignation, stunned Benny into speechlessness. He stuttered and grunted, but couldn't seem to move.
"You filthy, sinful old man! You dirty fornicator!"
Nurse Budka churned with outrage.
"Carl! Get him away from there. Now!"
It all happened so fast. The world collapsed around Benny and Clarissa, and now Carl was there and he literally unplugged Benny. And Benny could see the place where they'd been coupled and now they weren't — Clarissa's damp matted hairs, moisture beaded on her ragged flesh. The orderly lifted him from behind in a bear hug, swinging him naked through the room with his erect penis wobbling stupidly in the air, glistening with jelly. What moments ago had been a proud blessing was now a mutinous instrument of his humiliation.
"Saaayy Romeo. You been holdin' out on us. Can ya believe that pecker? Now, din't I say we wasn't finished with each other? You gotta listen to Carl. Say good-by to your cunt here, Romeo."
Benny struggled, but he still couldn't speak. The words he wanted to use were so ugly and misshapen they gagged him, throttled his breath and thickened his tongue. Clarissa pulled the sheets up as far as she could, but they didn't cover her, and Benny could see a star-shaped bruise on the point of her narrow hip. She whimpered and gasped, holding a fragile arm across her breasts. And yet through it all her eyes never left Benny. Benny was the one she cared about. Anyone could see that.
The head nurse boiled with rage. "This is a Christian home, you vile animal! Do you hear me?"
Carl held Benny aloft while Nurse Budka fetched her Bible from the capacious pocket in the front of her apron, the way a marsupial might gather its delinquent young. First she brandished it, and when that didn't seem to satisfy her lust for piety she used it to strike Benny across the chest and shoulders.
"This is a Christian home! A Christian home! And I intend to see it's run that way. There's no place here for sinners like you. Carl, get him out of here. Out of my sight."
Finally Benny was able to get his words out. He shouted, "Clarissa! I never meant — I'm sorry. I —"
"Benny! Bennyyyyy!"
Carl clapped a foul-smelling hand over Benny's mouth.
"Shut up, you horny old goat."
The commotion had raised some of the others on the floor who were up and watching at their doors when Carl carried Benny out into the hall. Benny's heart was pounding, pounding. Tears bit into his eyes, pricking him into a blind agony that could find no vent. The orderly's arms were a prison. And why wouldn't they let him put on his clothes — at least his robe? The door to Clarissa's room shut and the two lovers might as well have been on opposite sides of the earth, they were now so far apart. Benny sucked at the air, finding it harder and harder to catch his breath. Then a sharp pain pierced his arm and he felt faint. And the pain...

***

The door slammed and Nurse Budka turned to Clarissa, whose face was now smothered in her hands. She had let the sheet drop away — it didn't matter any more — and she was nothing more than a frail shaking wraith.
"Clarissa Medill, I am ashamed of you. I just can't imagine what got into you."
Grace Budka knew even before the words had tumbled completely out that she had compromised her position, allowed a double entendre in the face of this monstrous immorality. Angry with herself as well, the nurse scooped up Clarissa's nightgown from the floor and pitched it at her head. Clarissa made no move to duck.
"Put that on and cover your nakedness, so the Lord doesn't have to look on your sin."
Nurse Budka stalked to the door and with her back turned, hand on the light switch, addressed Clarissa with a demonic calm:
"'Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is without the body; but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body.'"
Her voice resumed its accusatory wrath. "Go to sleep now. I will speak to you later."
The light went off, the door clicked shut, and Clarissa huddled naked with her nightgown clinging crazily to the side of her head. Arms locked around her knees, she rocked back and forth, chewing on her lower lip. She wanted desperately to go to sleep tonight, to sleep and then wake up to find that it had all been a nightmare. But she knew it wasn't, and the knowledge made her sick. She felt so very, very sick now, worrying about Benny and their future, his future — her future. 


Chapter 22

One of the Colonel's drills that Molly had always hated was the routine repetition of cover stories and contingency plans. He would keep them for hours in the Day Room rehearsing name, rank and serial number, screaming at them and hounding them. And she'd been the silly one to tell him he was going too far. But now that she was here in the interrogation room at police headquarters she wished there had been more training. She never realized how hard the police could press you looking for holes in your story. Lord how they could confuse you. Fortunately the one foolproof bailout plan was always available if it was needed, and she was coming very close to needing it.
Detective Matthews wanted answers. "Once again. You were carrying the purse for your friend Bertha. Where is this Bertha — eh — what's her full name?"
"Bertha Strout. She's a dear. We meet in the park every Tuesday and Thursday — when it's nice, I mean. Wouldn't do to be out in the rain at my age."
"Where does she live?"
"Oh, goodness. I wouldn't know that. We only meet in the park, and then we go our separate ways. You understand — when you're old —"
He leaned close to address her intimately, laying a warm hand on her shoulder. Her expression remained as insipid as it had been all day.
"Look, Mrs. Friend, I have to tell you I don't really believe a word you've told us. I hate to say it. Really."
And he truly did hate to say it. Here was this gray-haired old woman, looking like anybody's grandmother, sitting there as sweet as a gingerbread cookie, lying through her teeth — teeth he figured probably weren't even hers. The disparities and bold contradictions in her story were almost too much for him to comprehend.
"Oh, don't you worry, son. I'm sure you'll see what a silly mistake this is, and then we can all be friends. We'll have a good laugh about it. Wouldn't you like that?"
Detective Matthews sighed, stood up straight. "Yes, ma'am."
He pinched the bridge of his nose and contemplated the situation. The bomb squad had been called in when the patrol first radioed with Molly in hand. They quickly arrived and packed up the purse to send it off for disarming. Matthews was still waiting for some kind of forensic analysis of the explosives and other contents. If they were to find Molly Friend's fingerprints inside they could crack her "Bertha Strout" alibi. And wouldn't that be a break? But what if they didn't?
The trouble was, she claimed she was a homeless person, so they couldn't go to her home and search for bomb-making materials. She wasn't listed in the phone book, nor was she a registered voter. And she hadn't been carrying any other identification. In fact they couldn't even be sure that Molly Friend was her real name, but it was all they had to go on. Matthews didn't hold out much hope for matching her fingerprints. There was a team out now flashing photographs, looking for anyone who might know her — the same team that had been out previously looking for a big midget who might or might not have been shot from a cannon. Pickard had quickly backed off of his midget theory anyway after they'd heard the report from officer Natoli about the possibility of genuine old men being involved, and after all of the victims had testified that the old women seemed like authentic old women.
Detective Scott Pickard had been standing off in the corner of the small room, resting one foot up on the seat of a wooden chair, while Matthews tried his soft approach. But obviously it wasn't working, so Matthews winked at Pickard, who swaggered over, trying to look mean.
"Lady, let me tell you just what's gonna happen to you if you don't cooperate. You're gonna be tried and convicted and sent to prison for the rest of your life. Is that what you want?"
He almost shouted this last question, trying to rattle her, and the two detectives were shaken when Molly slumped back in her chair and put a hand to her wattled throat.
"Ma'am? Ma'am? You okay?"
"Excuse me officer. I just — well I never believed it would be so much like on TV. It's truly exciting. Truly."
"Um, what's like TV, ma'am?"
"You know, the old 'good-cop-bad-cop' routine, of course. Just like NYPD Blue or Homicide. And you young men are so good at it."
The detectives exchanged glances and contorted smiles despite themselves. There was something about this whole Granny Frag business that seemed just beyond their reach. They knew some critical piece was missing. The Granny Frag incidents were all too slick for an octogenarian to have orchestrated them on her own for this many weeks. And now with the interrogation going nowhere they began to have this vague sense of being up against deep planning and intelligent manipulation. Perhaps there really was a Bertha Strout, but not like the one Mrs. Friend here was describing. Perhaps Bertha Strout had been handing out the bags to various old ladies who really were otherwise innocent. Maybe Bertha Strout was actually one of those old men that Officer Natoli had tangled with. Nothing sounded right yet. But at least they were relieved to be done with the midgets.
The interrogation continued and Molly became visibly more tired. At a certain point she seemed to lapse into an unfocused reverie, something like the detectives' concept of senility. This alarmed them. What kind of a conspiracy case would they be able to make against a senile old woman, sweet as peaches and batty as a goose? It was all very disturbing.
When Molly had lapsed completely into dithering, Matthews ordered her sent back to a holding cell. As a matron was leading her down the hall, Molly turned and waved a trembling hand.
"You're nice boys. Your mothers must be so proud. Hope to see you again real soon."  

***

Back in the office where he spent most of his time these days, Leon Keck combed the files trying to uncover more and more ways to wring dollars out of the home. What he was looking for now was more assets he might be able to liquidate, anything that someone might give him a buck for.  He'd already sold the paintings and art posters that Jenny had plastered all over the place. He'd sold as much furniture as he could and still leave enough to keep the old farts off of the floor. There had to be more.
But this morning he was in a particularly bad mood because, when he first came in, Nurse Budka had been all over him, burning his ears off about getting rid of that ex-con Campbell — something about sin and depravity. Leon hadn't really understood what her point was, wasn't really even listening when she described the previous night's disturbances. He had registered only the salient features of what must have been a bizarre episode, as if he were being told the plot of a soap opera he'd missed.
But since he'd already made the decision to milk the home dry, he had no intention of getting rid of any of the old bastards as long as the State, or someone, kept sending in those payments. In a few months, when the money was all gone and the place was shut down, what would a little depravity matter? He laughed. Depravity? The guy was almost eighty. Nurse Budka always had been a bit peculiar about things like that. This time she'd been so angry when he refused to expel Campbell that she nearly tore Leon's door off of its hinges slamming it. He might have reprimanded her except that it would have meant having to get up out of his chair. Instead he gulped down a fistful of Heath Bars and the air was miraculously cleared.
Unfortunately, he'd had to gobble so many Heath Bars to calm himself after Grace's diatribe that he'd run out of them. The empty fishbowl on the desk stood as a pathetic reminder of his addiction. And he was also reminded of why he was addicted, how his mother Jenny never cared enough to save him from his appetite. In one quick motion he pitched the bowl back over his head, listened to it splinter against the wall into a million shards which rained down to join those of the previous bowl, the one that had met the same fate only three days ago. It doesn't matter, he thought, bowls are cheap. It's what's in them that counts.
Leon managed to excavate himself from the chair, annoyed at the effort. Even though he'd had its arms removed when he first took over, still the chair was too low and couldn't be adjusted properly to support him. Bending down was what was hard. Finally standing, he took up one of his ever-handy legal pads and made his way out to the lobby.

***

Clarissa spent most of the morning in bed. No one had come to see her after last night, and she hadn't asked for anyone. But the four walls of her tiny room and the shallow breathing of her comatose roommate had become too much to bear. She decided to get dressed and take a walk. Now, on her way down in the elevator, she dreaded the first words that would be spoken to her by the first person who had the courage to approach. She imagined that the previous night's horror had become common knowledge. Still, hiding wouldn't make it go away. Since the day she met Benny she'd had so much more courage than she used to have. Now it made perfect sense to face her problems head on. But the one problem she hadn't yet decided to face was Benny himself. That was why she hadn't gone up to his room at once. She needed to take this walk to clear her head, rehearse what she'd say to him.
Clarissa stepped out of the elevator into the lobby, hoping no one would intercept her. And she was in luck. The only one around was Leon, and he looked like he was heading out. She would wait until he was gone before she crossed the room.

***

Leon finished locking his office door and took one last look around the lobby before leaving. Wait. Was that Clarissa over by the elevator? Wasn't she the other party named in the fracas last night? He studied her. Not a bad looking broad for being old and dried up and all. Leon tried to remember the story Grace Budka had told. Then it came to him, or at least he thought he had it right — something about paramedics and ambulances and all. He beckoned to her.
"Hey. C'mon over a sec. You're Clarissa, right?"
Clarissa wanted to disappear through the wall. The eyeliner that Connie had so generously helped her with had exploded into raccoon circles, her hair was clotted with dried tears. But really, she thought, if anyone shouldn't mind about appearances it's Leon. Reluctantly she shuffled out to meet him halfway.
"Yes, Mr. Keck?"
"I just wanted to get a close-up look at a real man killer."
"I — what? Excuse me?"
"Oooh, don't be coy. I heard all about it. One night with you and the old buzzards just keel over and die. You must be real hot stuff. Ha cha cha." Leon fanned his fingers and shook his hand from the wrist, chuckling loudly.
Unsure of what she was hearing, Clarissa blanched. But before she could ask, Leon was off again on his way out to the street, flesh jiggling obscenely like a half-inflated weather balloon. He turned back for a moment, grinning and shaking his head.
"Ha cha cha. The lady's murder. Boy oh boy, if I was just forty years older..." He exited cackling to himself.
Clarissa didn't know if she could stay on her feet, but she had to. She had to find out what had happened to Benny. The elevators were only a few yards away, a few long yards, but when she got there the car she had arrived in was gone. She pushed the call button, then slapped at it, feeling the plump of tears at her lids. She pounded at it, screaming. A few of the residents in the Day Room who had been watching an update of the O.J. Simpson trial on television were drawn out to see what the matter was.
"Up! Up! What's wrong with these damned elevators!"
And the doors opened, and Mary and Isabel were there to watch Clarissa collapse against the wall sobbing.
"Clarissa — Clarissa dear. What's the matter? Please, come here. Oh, there now..."
Mary embraced her. Clarissa gathered herself together while Mary stroked her hair, untangling the knotted strands.
"It's Benny," Clarissa said, her face pale. "Leon says — Leon says he's dead."
"Oh, no no no. Calm down. Benny's going to be all right."
"You've seen him?"
Old Isabel had inched her wheelchair forward so that one wheel blocked the elevator door, which now struck out at her repeatedly trying to close itself.
"No. Connie told us about it when she returned from the hospital. It's just a mild heart attack. He'll be all right."
"Heart attack? Oh my God."
Clarissa was suddenly consumed with guilt. If only she hadn't had such a wild idea. It had seemed so right at the time, so purely delicious — weren't they adults, in love, possibly? — but it had turned out so wrong. Was it really a sin? Was Nurse Budka right? Perhaps they were too old after all and this was what they deserved. Would Benny forgive her? Mary seemed to read her mind.
"Clarissa, dear, don't even think about blaming yourself. A few of us have been talking, and, well, things aren't right at all around here. No, they're very, very wrong. There are some changes that need to be made. We've even talked about going to see the Colonel, but we're not quite —"
Clarissa wasn't listening. "Benny's all right? You're sure?"
"He'll be fine, Clarissa, believe me. Connie can tell you all about it when she gets in. Look, why don't you come out to the park with us? The fresh air will calm you down. That's the best thing for you now."
Old Isabel was tired of having her wheelchair jostled by the insistent doors. "Come or go, but do something," she said in her ancient honk, "I'm getting seasick."   

***

Connie had been in with Clarissa almost since she started her shift. As long as they were freely passing out guilt on the fourth floor, Connie Melendez believed she deserved a share of it for having been unable to prevent Carl and Mrs. Budka from breaking in on the old people. She had tried, had gone so far as to block the door with her body, but it had done no good. At one point Mrs. Budka even shoved her, threatening to fire her, though there had been no further talk of that since then. Clarissa understood that Connie had done her best and had no blame to assign.
"I'm just so sorry, Mrs. Medill. She had no right to interfere with you. If anyone is a sinner it's Nurse Budka, and that creep Carl."
"I'm just so worried about Benny. You're sure he's —?"
"I'll tell you what. Give him time to rest. When I get off day after tomorrow I can get my cousin's car and I'll take you there. You can see for yourself. He'll be fine."
"Would you, Connie? Oh, I can't tell you how much it would mean to me."  

***

And while Connie and Clarissa clung to each other, making plans to visit Benny in the hospital, Carl Weably was starting back on duty, beginning as usual at the top, on the men's floor, his face contorted in mischievous satisfaction. He looked around to make sure the Colonel was nowhere in sight before moving in on Mr. Bingham's room, thinking about how he'd force the old skinbag to take his medicine the hard way, and maybe a little extra to make up for the other night. But Mr. Bingham wasn't in his bed, and the sheets were half off, pulled down onto the floor. Could the old fart have dragged himself to the bathroom? Not likely. Bingham didn't move around so good without help. Carl poked his head back out into the hall and searched up and down.
"Carl. Caaarrrrlll," a haunting voice echoed faintly in the distance.
"What? Who's that?"
When there was no answer, Carl returned to the hall, moving in one direction for a few steps, then back to his cart.
"Carl!"
There, he heard it clearly that time. The voice was definitely coming from the end of the hall near the fire stairs. Carl squinted and rubbed his lips with a knuckle, starting forward, staying close to the wall, leaning to hear better.
"Come on Carl. Come and get me."
He knew who it was. He was sure of it. Yes, he thought, that old crotch Bingham must have lost his fucking mind. He needed a lesson, that's for sure. Carl was close enough to see the edge of the wheelchair through the partially open fire door. He wondered how Bingham managed to hold the door open when suddenly the old man growled at him again.
"Come and get me, you fascist pig."
Carl wasn't sure what "fascist" meant, but he sure knew what a pig was. And another thing he knew: that old cripple was going to pay for this. Nobody called Carl Weably a pig.
Carl charged out onto the landing where Mr. Bingham sat huddled in his chair, but then he felt a hand on his back, another on his leg, and he kept on going, couldn't seem to stop. He was wedged against the banister, then up and over it so fast there wasn't time to react. Arms flailing, all Carl could think to say was "Aieeeeaaaa" and he repeated variations on the theme for as long as he was conscious, which wasn't very long.
The sickening thud of meat on concrete, stair after stair, reverberated through the stairwell. And suddenly it was deathly quiet, except for the wheeze of the pneumatic closer on the fire door, followed by the thin metallic click of a latch.

***

Molly Friend had been forced to go to the full bailout contingency plan and had been at it for several hours. If it wouldn't work in the long run, at least for now it was a standoff.
Detectives Matthews and Pickard had given up on any type of good-cop-bad-cop routine. They had run the gamut from good-cop-good-cop through bad-cop-bad-cop and were now slipping into what could be described only as crazy-cop-crazy-cop. So far, Molly had offered only her name as hard fact, if they could believe her about that. She stubbornly refused to say where she lived —"Homeless, I'm afraid," she repeated with a sigh whenever she was asked — or what her Social Security number was, or provide any means of positive identification at all. Pickard stood in the far corner of the interrogation room pulling at his cheeks with a nervous, tired hand. The skin beneath his eyes stretched, exposing raw red flesh below the whites. Matthews, sitting next to Molly, was the one with the most energy left — in fact with any energy at all. He sighed wearily, let his mouth go slack and shook his head rapidly, emitting a sound something like the snorting of a horse.
"Molly, Molly, Molly. Be my friend, Molly Friend. I want to believe you. Please. You're going to have to cooperate sooner or later. Please!"
"Oh, now, don't be so excitable. Land sakes. I knew a boy just like you back in Valparaiso. That's where we used to live you know — Valparaiso, Indiana. Back before the depression. I was just a little girl then. Well, when it hit — the depression I mean — we had to pack up everything we owned into this old jalopy — can't remember what model it was, but it was gray — no, it was blue — robin's egg blue, that's right. As I remember we owned two blue cars in a row once, one after the other. Of course that was some years later — or was it? Well, anyway, there we were, packed up and all, the five of us — or was Jimmy born yet? Yes I think he was —"
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Detective Pickard was through, and he wasn't ashamed to admit it. He was sure that if he heard one more word of this he'd explode. Leaning steeply with one hand against the long table he mussed his hair with the other, straightened it, then mussed it again. Matthews should have been startled by Pickard's outburst, but he was simply too exhausted. Pickard sucked at his teeth while he decided what he wanted to do. He stared down at the back of Molly's head, at the pink scalp showing through her thinning silver mop. When he spoke he was woodenly resolute.
"Brian, we have to talk. Outside. Now."
Detective Matthews wasn't sure he wanted to move anywhere or talk about anything, but his partner needed the support. It was his duty. He took a quick swipe at his brow with a handkerchief and rose to follow Pickard out to the hall. They'd made this trip together many times before, but never in such clammy desperation.
Scotty Pickard closed the door behind him and leaned against it. "This is a dead end. I know she knows something, maybe she knows everything — hell, maybe she makes the goddamn bombs herself. But we're not gonna crack her. Not like this anyway."
"I read you, partner. Anybody gets cracked here it's us."
"So I have this idea."
"Not another one like the midget thing?"
"No. Shit. Okay, I admit that was a little off base —"
Matthews whistled. "A little."
"But listen to this. How about we just let her go?"
Matthews strained his neck first to one side then the other, trying to work out a kink. "Yeah. We just let her go and let the street cleaning crews take care of all the loose fingers laying around. That's great. I love it."
"No. Then we follow her, track her until she shows us where she lives. You think she's gonna wander the streets begging? She's gonna shuffle straight on home thinking she's got us beat."
"She has got us beat."
"And when she does, we're there."
"All right, partner. You're the big idea man. We're not getting anywhere this way, that's for sure. We can always pull her back in if it doesn't work, right?"
"Yeah, of course."
"And no midgets on this one, right?"
"You know, Matthews, fuck you. You don't like my ideas you come up with your own."
Pickard smiled when he said this. They went through this routine all the time. Before they could get back into the interrogation room to tell Molly the good news a young rookie stopped to give them a message. He was unaware of their mood.
"Excuse me, sir. Sergeant said to tell you there's some more possible leads on the Granny Frag case."
Matthews and Picard exchanged glances.
"Well?"
"Sir?"
"The leads, Junior," Matthews said.  "What might those be, pray tell?"
"Okay, well, there's this guy in the hospital with a broken neck — works in one of those nursing homes? He's got some story that an old man in a wheelchair picked him up and dropped him over a railing."
"Oh jeez. Now they're all coming out of the woodwork. That it?"
"One other thing. We got a report back on that bomb. The one in the purse? For one thing, it was made from shotgun shell powder. Someone's cutting open shotgun shells."
"Well.  That just about wraps up the case then, doesn't it?"
"If you say so, sir. But the thing is, one of the old timers at the FBI happened to see the report on the trigger mechanism — the way the explosives are set off when the purse gets opened?"
"I'm wa-ting."
"Yes, sir. And he said it looks like the way they used to teach them to wire field explosives in the OSS."
"The OSS?"
"Yes, sir. You know. Like spies? Like in World War Two?" 


Chapter 23

Just being near a hospital made Benny's legs wobble, so spending a week there was raw torture. At a low point, lying packed into a rude bed in the intensive care unit, tangled up in IV's and oxygen, he had contemplated giving it all up, letting himself slip peacefully away from the torment that had been closing in around him. After all, he thought, this was his fourth heart attack — there would be no blame. But then his pride came to the rescue. Benjamin Harrison Campbell did not give up. His night with Clarissa, as monstrously as it had ended, had made him understand that life must continue on until the day it stopped on its own — that the forces opposing him, opposing all of them at Meadowvale Nursing Home, were not those of nature, but of man. And he swore to himself, lying there in his hospital bed, that when Benjamin Harrison Campbell stopped being, it would be at the hands of nature, and not at the hands of man. Yes, Colonel, he thought, I am ready now. He would come up with something. He still very much wanted Clarissa to have whatever he could give her. And there was still time.
But he was so tired.
He had been shot full of so many drugs that his mind was too numb for logic. Yet he was still alive, and as long as he was alive he could plan. And plan he would, when he was ready. Until then, though, until his mind was clear enough, he would fix his thoughts on Clarissa. He distracted himself from the terror of the hospital by constructing in his mind what he would say to her, how he would couch his first words.
But when Clarissa and Consuela visited him after three days, after Benny had been moved to a ward bed to recuperate, all of his carefully rehearsed scripts escaped him and he lay silent, feeling wordlessly inept. Was it rage or fear or humiliation? He wasn't sure, but still he knew he wasn't ready to speak until — until what? He wasn't sure of that either.
Clarissa held Benny's hand and Connie fussed over him, mopping his tormented, liquid eyes with a tissue and fluffing the pillows. Connie had obtained some information on his condition from the doctor and used it to reassure Clarissa that he would be returning to the home soon. He had indeed suffered a mild heart attack. All they could do now was see that he continued taking his medication and, after a period of rest, encourage him to try some simple exercise. Clarissa vowed that his regimen would be followed scrupulously.

***

Four days later Benny was back at the home. Clarissa was first among the many residents to greet the ambulance. One of the day orderlies — not Carl, who, rumor had it, had suffered some kind of accident — brought out a wheelchair and loaded Benny into it, then rolled him to the elevator where Clarissa insisted on taking over. When Nurse Budka in her cave noticed that it was Benny they were returning, she snapped her Bible shut and retired scowling into a back office until he was through the lobby. And still Benny didn't speak, even though his friends made it clear that they were genuinely happy he had returned.
"If you want I'll bring your food up to you — so you can rest."
"We missed your stories."
"Hello there, Benny. Glad to have you back."
"We can move the bridge game up to your room if you like. Just tell us what we can do."
No reply.
Up on the men's floor Benny communicated to Clarissa through strained and listless gestures that he didn't want to be put in bed. Rather he preferred to have his wheelchair stationed at the window at the end of the hall where he could look out on the park, the one where Mary and Isabel went whenever the weather would allow.
The Colonel, too, had been on hand to see Benny returned. Standing out in front of the home, where Benny had just been wheeled in, the Colonel wondered just how bad his tactical miscalculation would turn out to be.  A slight mist hung in the air, but he decided he would rather stay here than go inside where the atmosphere was so much more oppressive. It had never occurred to him that Benny's heart was in such bad shape. He should have realized it after reading the papers he'd had Art steal from Nurse Budka's files, but he hadn't — a mistake plain and simple. Hell, he thought, now what? Getting Molly to organize the women and grease the skids for Benny's relationship with Clarissa had been all the Colonel's idea, laying the groundwork for just this situation. As planned, he had reported Benny's little tryst with Clarissa to the head nurse, but only to try to shock Benny into cooperating. After all, the mission was more important than anyone's nookie, especially at their age. He was certain the embarrassment would convince Benny to join the squad. But it turned out to be more of a shock than was planned. That faulty ticker of Benny's had had other ideas.
In his own mind the Colonel had at least partially atoned for his mistake. His little ploy — using old Bingham as a decoy so he could dump Carl down the stairs — had been in its own small way an act of contrition dedicated to Benny, although Carl had been due for his rewards in any case. But if he was to be honest with himself, what disturbed the Colonel most was that he'd now taken Benny completely out of commission. Thinking about the compounding of his error had him furious with himself.
The mist had coalesced into drizzle now. The Colonel banged one fist on top of the other, hard enough to hurt. Then, shoulders hunched against the chill, he retreated to the stale, melancholy lobby.

***

For an entire week it had been a daily routine. In the evening Benny would propel himself slowly in his wheelchair back to his room and climb into bed. In the morning he would reverse the procedure, wrapping himself in a shabby maroon robe and lowering himself numbly into the wheelchair, which he then guided to his spot at the end of the hall by the window.
Each day Clarissa would come by right on time to give Benny his medicine, and to try to get him to eat something, which he did only erratically. The staff should have been insuring that he followed a healthful routine, but she knew they couldn't be counted on, especially lately. With all the inexplicable changes taking place in the home, service had become all but nonexistent. And Clarissa had a deep, sick feeling about Benny's refusal to speak to her or to anyone else. What she suspected, feared really, was that he had given up, had lost his will to go on. She'd seen it before in others, and when it happened there often wasn't much time left. Out of desperation she had taken to delivering monologues to him whenever she could — frighteningly like those shared with her comatose roommate —  saying anything she thought would bring him back to her, fighting the frantic edge in her voice.
"Are you comfortable today, Benny? It's not as cold as yesterday but there's still a light rain. I saw Mary and Isabel this morning. They told me to tell you they hope you're feeling better. I told them you were getting better every day."
Benny, in his worn robe and pajamas, scuffed leather slippers on his feet, tilted his head as he stared out into the park. Clarissa shuddered, remembering her roommate, Diane, staring out the window in the same dull way. And she couldn't tell if he was thinking something, or thinking nothing. She bent and hiked up the small blanket across his legs.
"When you're all better we have to start walking again — take those nice walks in the park like we used to. Wouldn't that be nice? It's so pretty now with the trees all turned colors."
His continued silence cut her deeply, forcing her to put all of her feeling into her words, an unfamiliar position for Clarissa. She took up one topic after another, trying to find one that would stir him.
"I've heard that some of the people here are fed up with the way we're being treated. I know you and I are. They want to do something about it. They even started having meetings to decide what to do. Maybe when you're better you could help. Remember what we talked about? You know so much about things. I know they'd be happy to hear any ideas you might have."
While she spoke, Clarissa clutched at a handkerchief with both hands, stretching it into a rope and pulling it taut, alternating her hands up and down. She knew she was babbling, but she couldn't bear the silence. The late morning light from the window cast the two of them in harsh shadows.
"Well, I'm going to go down now to see about your lunch. It's supposed to be a special treat — green spinach shell macaroni with meat sauce and lime Jell-O. That's the theme today — green. I know it sounds horrid, but the better you eat, the sooner you'll get well. I won't be long, Benny."
He didn't move. To compound her suffering, Clarissa had been entertaining a lingering fear that Benny blamed her for all that had happened, but she eventually rejected the notion. She was sure Benny couldn't think that, could he? She winced and ran a gentle hand over his head, smoothing down the stiff rumpled hairs. Stuffing her tortured handkerchief into a pocket, she pecked at his cheek and backed down the hall a short way, paused for one last look, then turned to walk slowly toward the elevators.

***

Benny knew his silence was cruel to Clarissa. He didn't mean to hurt her, but it was imperative that he invest every thought, every word, every feeling in the task at hand. When he at last achieved his goal he would say everything to her that she had ever wanted to hear, and that he had ever wanted to say — if he could achieve his goal. Day by day, hour by hour, he found himself fighting a spiritual paralysis, searching the landscape of his mind for a path. And one had not yet appeared.
From where his wheelchair was located, a foot or two back from the window at the end of the hall, Benny could see only the tops of a few of the taller trees in the park. But he hadn't been looking at trees. He'd been staring out into a place farther away than that — quite a bit farther. Last night he had wakened screaming like a jackal, just like some of the others in this doghouse, he thought, and that frightened him more than any heart attack ever could. Was this it? Was this the way the clever, witty, urbane, dignified Benjamin Harrison Campbell would end his days, a broken, wailing dog? For just the briefest of moments, that night with Clarissa, he had felt young again, or perhaps, in a sense, young for the first time, not bitter or betrayed. And it could have continued — there was no reason for it not to have — except for those here who seemed to feel they had a right to control his life simply because of his age. That was the issue, really. Did one forfeit dignity and autonomy simply because of the passage of time? Did old people, like children, need to be controlled and patronized and scolded?
Gazing out the window, Benny noticed one of the treetops in the park. There in the center of his view was just the peak of a sugar maple in its October costume. He rolled the chair closer to the window so that his knees nudged the sill, and now he had a better view, but it still wasn't good enough. He leaned forward out of his wheelchair and struggled to open the window, frustrated to discover that it was stuck. As he stood halfway up to bang a palm against the painted-in sash, the blanket Clarissa had so lovingly draped over him slipped from his lap. But that wasn't important now. A few well-placed blows loosened the window to where he could force it open. Feeling immediately invigorated by the sudden inrush of cool air, he sat down again.
Something fresh stirred in Benny as he let the colors of the sugar maple in the park dazzle him, flow into him. The maple stood out among elm and ash and oak even a birch or two. Of all of them, it was the only one that had dared to flare into violent reds and oranges. The others were mottled or plain, showing simple colors. Taken all together they made a compelling display, but the sugar maple was the one that drew all the attention. It took the breath away with its vivid red-orange, the color of life.
Gradually, Benny felt his scalp begin to tingle and his pulse quicken. And then all at once he was infused with an energy that awakened every part of him and set his mind flying off in all directions. Benjamin Harrison Campbell, so near to moral surrender just days ago, was now becoming, incredibly, a sugar maple, and he realized that he, like all sugar maples, had saved the best for last, had hoarded all the fire of his life to be spent in one final glory. The role suited him and he held onto it tightly, feeling himself alive again in blazing reds and oranges, absorbing his new identity.
And the storm gathered. Fragments of ideas swirled in his mind, connecting and reconnecting with a demonic intelligence of their own, on and on.
The final plan came to him full-blown, like an explosion. In seconds he had conceived of the perfect ending, a way to square himself for all the years. Benny chuckled out loud. This was just like the old days — better, because this time there were others. He was not just scheming for his own dreary profit. Here was his chance to do something for someone else for once in his life, selflessly and genuinely. His own reward would be the one he saw before him in crimson and gold. Details fell into place like tumblers in a lock while he stared wild-eyed at that sugar maple across the park, blazing in its farewell. 


Chapter 24

"That's right, Mrs. Friend. You're free to go. We don't have anything to charge you with."
Molly squinted at Detective Pickard for a moment, then straightened up and adjusted her sweater.
Detective Matthews piped up with a condition. "Of course, we'll have to keep the purse — you understand."
She nodded and smiled weakly, began walking down the hall between Matthews and Pickard as they showed her to the door.
"Sorry to have been so rough on you, ma'am," Pickard said. "Eh, can we drop you off anywhere?"
"Oh, thanks so much, young man, but there really isn't anywhere for me to go. Homeless, you know."
"Yes ma'am."
They politely held both the inner and outer glass doors of the police station while she shuffled out, and watched her totter gingerly down the stairs toward the street. At the pavement, she turned and beamed at them with a sweet grandmotherly smile. Despite themselves they were moved. 
When she was gone, Detective Matthews turned to mock Pickard in a whiny nasal voice. "'Can we drop you off anywhere? Can we drop you off anywhere?' You think she's that dumb?"
"All right, it was worth a try. Gimme a break."
"Okay,  okay. Who did you get to tail her?"
"Raymon and Shazz."
"Two guys? You think that's enough?"
"Are you nuts? I was gonna get a one-legged man, but there aren't any on the force. How many guys you think we need to tail an eighty-year-old woman?" He shook his head. "I only picked two in case one of them had to pee real bad."
"Okay partner. But if we screw this one up you're elected to explain it to the sergeant."
"We're not gonna screw it up."  

***

Upon reaching the pavement outside the police station, Molly turned and smiled, thinking, Bozos. The detectives smiled back. She was so glad to be free she would have jumped up and clicked her heels if she could have, and she was sorry she couldn't. Instead she worked off her enthusiasm by walking south toward Dempster Street as quickly as her stubby little legs would take her. She couldn't remember if when she got there she should turn left or right, but she decided she'd recognize the place when she saw it.
One thing that had bothered her when she was leaving the station was the way whoever was parked in the Colonel's beater on the next block kept flashing the lights, as if she hadn't seen them the first time. She was afraid the whole world would notice, the way the flashing went on and on. Sometimes, she thought, those boys can be too clever for their own good.
Molly kept up what was, for her, a brisk pace all the way to Dempster and then turned — yes, now she remembered — right. She knew where she was now. A little farther down was the amateurish sign in the window: "Deaf Hope Café." She didn't really like the place much, but it had the right physical layout for the maneuver. She tugged open a scarred wooden door and entered. The inside was as amateurish as the outside: wilting Communist posters hung cockeyed; heroic visages of Marx and Lenin, none of Gorbachev; slogans for "people power" scratched on peeling walls. Only a few of the twelve or fourteen round café tables were occupied. Some of the patrons watched Molly curiously. She guessed they didn't get many granny types in bulbous walking sneakers coming in.
Along the rear wall a counter opened into the kitchen area, and to the right of that the mouth of a narrow hallway lead to the washrooms and to the alley beyond. Molly sat at a vacant table nearest the hallway and then remembered that there were no waitresses — you had to serve yourself. She got up again, moved to the kitchen counter, and waited while a young woman poured hot water for her. As Molly returned to her table, cup in hand, a solid, rough-looking young man with no obvious business being there strolled in. She could tell he had no idea you were supposed to serve yourself and would probably sit for a long time before he noticed the hastily scrawled sign on the wall.

***

Raymon and Shazz were the local specialists in tailing. That was why they were insulted when they learned who the subject was for this job. "An eighty-year-old granny? You gotta be kidding." But it was no joke, and so here they were. Having followed Molly Friend a couple of blocks down to Dempster Street, they observed her entering the Deaf Hope Café, one of those anachronistic hippie joints, Shazz recalled, where all you heard were complaints about the unfairness of the universe, a.k.a. the Establishment. With Molly safely inside, Shazz watched Raymon jog around to cover the back, and then took up his own position in front, feeling silly all the way. He could see a few people sitting inside, mostly gaunt deadhead types, faces sallow, he decided, from too little meat and too much Marx. Weak tea seemed to be about all they were drinking.
Shazz waited long enough for Raymon to arrive in place in the alley before entering. He located Molly returning from the counter, balancing a teacup on a saucer that didn't quite fit. The cup jiggled and slid, slopping tea into the saucer as she tiptoed carefully to a table at the rear. He quickly found a chair and sat down, afraid she might make him if he took too long a look. Make him? Get me, he thought. Granny there couldn't make a hula dancer at high noon.
Shazz sat for a while awkwardly, crossing one leg, then the other, wondering when someone was going to come over to ask what he wanted. A blackboard hanging against the sidewall advertised the daily specials, a half-dozen repulsive-sounding vegetarian dishes. He hoped he wouldn't be forced to eat any tofu to maintain his cover — granola he might stomach, but not tofu. He was festering over the possibilities when two more granny types came in, jabbering to each other about some neighbor — old lady gossip. They chinned up to the counter in the rear where the girl behind it poured them each a cup of hot water and handed over a teabag. That was when Shazz noticed the "Serve Yourself" sign.
Before settling in, one of the two women took up a bulky knitting bag, decorated in needlepoint flowers, and headed off down a hallway — to the ladies' room he guessed. Shazz decided maybe a cup of tea wouldn't hurt him. He stood and made his way to the service counter. Molly seemed to pay no attention to him, though he was only a few feet away. When a young man with a long ponytail tied in two places examined Shazz suspiciously, he smiled, and the young man turned away.
Minutes later the old woman with the knitting bag returned from the washroom, and the one he was tailing, this Molly, rose slowly. She must have decided she had to go the john herself now. No big deal. If he remembered correctly from visiting his grandmothers, old women seemed to live in the washroom — nothing odd here. Everything routine. Piece of cake.
Shazz had his steaming teacup in hand and was ready to sit down when one of the two old women next to him reached out and touched his arm.
"Excuse me young man, may we please borrow your raw sugar? There doesn't seem to be any at our table."
Without hesitation he reached over and passed her a quaint ceramic bowl and when he thought she had it, let go. But it slipped and dropped to the floor with a solid crack. The old woman recoiled and Shazz pulled back so he wouldn't step in it. The woman seemed rattled.
"Oh, my goodness! Oh, I'm so sorry. It's all my fault. The arthritis, you know. Weakens my hands so sometimes I can't hold a thing. I'm so sorry."
Shazz noticed that indeed the woman's knuckles were horribly swollen. "It's okay, ma'am. I'll tell the girl. Just leave it. Here —"
He stretched over to a nearby table and grabbed another sugar bowl. This time he plopped it dead center on the women's table. Idly he glanced down the narrow hall. Molly was still in the washroom. Hadn't Detective Pickard said she could be one of those homeless people? He wondered if maybe she was taking a damn bath in there.
Ten minutes later Molly was still in the ladies' room and the two biddies were ready to leave. Shazz watched them shuffle their chairs and collect their bags, observing that little old ladies always seemed to have shopping bags or whatever hanging off of them. Maybe it was a balance thing. They smiled sweetly on the way out.
"Thank you so much. We're sorry if we caused you any trouble."
"No trouble at all ma'am."
Shazz touched a finger to his forehead and slumped over his empty cup wondering where the hell Molly was. He was starting to get this feeling, and it wasn't good.
Another two minutes passed without Molly. And now a pretty blonde in a white peasant dress, hair done in cornrows, headed down the hall. Shazz watched her enter the ladies' room without resistance, and she didn't come right out again.
That was it. Shazz clutched his leather ID holder from a back pocket, flipped it open and held it high as he hurried toward the rear. His face was red and his guts felt weird.
"Police. Police. Just stay where you are. Police business. Just stay put. Nothing to worry about."
He nudged and bumped his way to the little hall, closing in on the ladies' room. Once there he knocked — two quick sets of three — but didn't wait for a reply.
"Police. Coming in. Don't panic. Police. Coming in."
He opened the door and leaned in. The pretty blonde was squatting on the pot, trying to cover herself by dragging her skirt around from the back. Shazz stared at her milk-white thighs, startled even though there was little else he could have expected to see. The room was tiny, hardly big enough for the one toilet and a grimy sink. Molly definitely wasn't there. And the girl's shrieking made his ears ring.
"Get out, you pig! Get out! Get out! Help! Help! Help!"
He released the door to find himself barricaded into the hallway by angry young street people responding to the violation of one of their own by the System. He barely managed to break free and explode into the alley. For some reason no one followed. The door slammed behind him, pulled shut by its thin, flaccid spring. It bounced flatly, and he stomped his foot and shouted, "Shit!"
A kick at the side of the nearest Dumpster seemed to stabilize him.
Raymon hurried over with a worried expression. "What the hell's going on, Shazz? Where is she?"  

***

Clarissa had been down in the kitchen putting together a tray for Benny. She knew the food was garbage, but it was better than nothing, and maybe this time he would show some kind of appetite. It worried her no end to see him sitting there staring, because, ultimately, if he had no hope, then neither did she. But she didn't want to think about that. What she wanted to think about was how, this time, he was going to snap out of it and start speaking with her and eat something. That was what she was visualizing when she stepped out of the elevator into the dismal olive-washed hallway on the men's floor, her tray laden with green noodles, green Jell-O and some kind of green juice. Benny would be sitting there in his chair down at the end where he always was, and she wanted to think that at last he'd be so glad to see her that he'd stand up and give her a big hug.
But this time Benny wasn't there.
And, oh God, the wheelchair was moved right up to the edge of the window and the window was open and his blanket was just lying there limp on the floor as if it had slipped off when he — when he stood up and...
Clarissa didn't drop the tray. Exercising exaggerated control she bent and set it calmly on the floor, slowly so that nothing spilled, even though her hands were shaking. She straightened and put one foot carefully in front of the other, helplessly drawn toward the window as if the floor were inclined toward it and everything in the building might funnel out, starting with her. Once there she leaned forward, both hands on the sill, trying not to imagine Benny's crumpled form on the walk below, but imagining it nevertheless.
"Clarissa! Clarissa! I have wonderful news! Clarissa!"
Her head jerked up and nicked just the edge of the sash. It stung but she didn't care. That was Benny's voice and he was speaking to her. She whirled around to find him loping down the hall, tucking a clean white shirt into his pants. He seemed miraculously like the old Benny, back to himself. She swallowed hard, wondering if she could bear much more of this roller coaster.
"Benny, what are you doing up? You should be resting."
"Resting, resting. No more resting. I feel wonderful!"
He threaded a leather belt through the loops at his waist and cinched it tight. He was so thin now that the pants and shirt bunched in deep folds. Clarissa could only watch him, stunned.
"And do you know why I feel so wonderful?" He broke into raucous laughter. "I feel wonderful because I'm a sugar maple."
He flashed her a goofy grin, and now all of the concerns in the world crowded into Clarissa's face as she wondered if he had taken leave of his senses. Benny must have been able to see the clouds forming. He took her by the hand and guided her firmly to the open window.
"Look. Down there. Tell me what you see."
She was bewildered, but she determined to see what he wanted her to see — at least for now.
"It's — it's the park, Benny, trees and grass, and —"
"But look at the trees. Do you see the bright one in the middle? It's a sugar maple."
She couldn't help seeing it. She had to admit it was a spectacular tree, bright and cheerful, dazzling.
"It saved the best for last, Clarissa. Do you see what I mean?"
She nodded tentatively, though she really had no idea what he was talking about.
"It was all my fault, Clarissa. I should have done something sooner, but I'm going to make it up to you. I promise. It will all work out. You'll see."
He began to laugh like a fool, or so she thought, and then drew her to him, wrapping his arms around her and squeezing. And that was enough to bring relief flooding in. She joined Benny, laughing as foolishly as he was, and the two of them laughed till the tears came.
They hugged tightly, and the really funny thing was, between the two of them only Benny knew exactly what they were laughing about. 


Chapter 25

"I was there all the time," Raymon whined, still unable to believe what had happened. "I never took my eyes off that door. I swear the only one who came out was this little —"
"I know, I know. The little Jewish guy in the black hat and suit with the beard and the curls. How could you be stupid! Do you think a kosher Jew would set foot in a place like that?"
"How the hell should I know? I'm Puerto Rican."
Raymon and Shazz were back at police headquarters, sweating profusely under Detective Matthews' grilling. They had spent all afternoon explaining to Matthews and Pickard how they had lost Molly Friend. Right now they were trying desperately to turn things around, to get back on the offensive. Shazz took a stab at it.
"All you had to do was tell us we were tailing some kind of international spy or something. You said she was an eighty-year-old homeless granny for Christ's sake."
"She is an eighty-year-old homeless granny. You morons lost the tail on an eighty-year-old homeless granny."
"A homeless granny who wears disguises? You call that a homeless granny?"
Detective Matthews could see they weren't getting anywhere. He decided to end the recriminations so they could all get to the business of covering ass.
"All right, all right. Knock it off. It's done. She's lost and we're back to square one. So tell me, how are we going to pick up on this thing again before the shit hits the fan?"
Pickard glared at Shazz and Raymon, giving them the stink eye. They gave it right back to him in spades, but eventually facial muscles weakened all around, and Matthews' tone of conciliation prevailed.
"Okay," Pickard said. "All right. What's done is done. But I'm telling you right now that no one's leaving this room before we know our next move. You want coffee? Get it now. It could be a long day."
Hours later the four policemen were still in the room, slumped in chairs around the long table with note pads in front of them covered in doodles. The table was marked with coffee rings. Styrofoam cups were stacked in a pyramid at one end. Matthews, who had been acting as moderator, decided once again to summarize.
"What we got, then, is, we're not up against your basic granny here. This is some kind of organized gang that uses grannies, or maybe even they are grannies, although that's hard to believe."
"I'll believe anything after this."
"And we had that one report that the trigger mechanisms in the purses were like they used to teach in the OSS. That's old time stuff."
"Everything about this case is old."
"Except the blown off fingers. Those are young."
"Yeah. Except the fingers. But everything else is old."
"We gotta have something else," Matthews implored them, sounding tired and wretched. "Even the tiniest thing we could get started on."
Pickard suddenly remembered one other report. He wouldn't have mentioned it if they weren't desperate. "There was that guy in the hospital — remember?  He says an old man in a wheelchair threw him over a railing. But, I mean, it sounds like some nut to me, doesn't it? It's probably a dead end."
"Do we have anything better?" Matthews asked and waited, tapping his foot to a nervous beat. No one answered. They were all staring at their hands. He grunted and stood, took a broad quivering stretch.
"All right then, Scotty, it's you and me to the hospital. We'll let these gentlemen go and rest up for when we need them to follow a fire hydrant. Maybe that's something they can't screw up."  

***

The last time Clarissa had seen Benny he had wolfed down a few bites of the green shell noodles she brought for him —"Mmm. I must really be hungry, this garbage tastes good" — and given her a big squishy kiss before rushing to the elevator. She had been so happy to have him back. But now, here she was again worried. Evening had come and Benny still hadn't returned. If only she'd asked him where he was going she could have been resting easily, happy to wait for him. The one comforting thought was that he had seemed very definitely headed somewhere, not just wandering off.
Yes, she decided, he's back to his old self and he had a plan. No need to worry. From time to time she would wander back to the hall window to examine the maple tree he seemed so excited about. What had he discovered there that she couldn't? Later, when it was too dark to see the trees at all, she returned to sit in her room, thinking that maybe in a while she would go down to the Day Room and take up a chair where she could watch the lobby.

***

The detectives crossed through the lobby at Meadowvale Nursing Home, stopping at the counter where Nurse Budka studied her Bible. She greeted them with the same sour look she reserved for all but the holy.
"Help you?"
Detective Matthews flashed his badge. "Sorry to bother you, ma'am, but we're here to investigate one of your residents, or patients, whatever you call them."
She broke into a satisfied grin.
"Campbell is it? I wondered how long it would be. 'And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.'"
"Sorry? Eh — ma'am, we'd like to speak to a Mr. Bingham."
Her mouth dropped for a moment, then she cackled with disbelief. "Bingham? Bingham, did you say?"
The two men exchanged glances while Nurse Budka continued her private amusement. With one final snort she launched herself into action and flipped up the hinged section of the counter. She swung out of her cavern and closed the leaf behind her, beckoning them to follow her across the lobby.
"Follow me, please. This way for Mr. Bingham."
They entered the Day Room to find a dozen or so elderly residents. A few examined them with curiosity, while most seemed too bored or tired to turn their heads. Pickard wondered why they had been staring at a TV set with no vertical hold — the picture was a jumble of dark rolling lines. Must have just now gone bad, he decided. A lanky black man with snow white hair sat hunched before an upright piano, playing the "Maple Leaf Rag" markedly slower than Picard ever remembered it, almost in slow motion, as if the man's spring had wound down. Some of the chords contained dead keys that clunked when he struck them.
The detectives felt more and more awkward as they began to understand that the man they were seeking was the bundle of bones over in the corner. Mr. Bingham was parked in front of the television, sound asleep, his shriveled form packed tightly into his wheelchair with blankets and shawls — suitable, it seemed, for shipping to any port. The nurse reached out to rouse the old man.
"Wake up Mr. Bingham. You have visitors."
"Eh. Wha —"
He blinked and rolled his head in a semicircle, struggling under the weight of the blankets. He suddenly noticed the policemen.
"Who are you?"
Matthews still had his badge out and showed it again. "Police, Mr. Bingham. We have some questions for you. Just a routine follow-up."
Mr. Bingham seemed, unexpectedly, to grow sharper each second he was awake. "Did I run another red light? Newfangled wheelchairs are so danged hard to control."
"No sir. We have a complaint from one Carl Weably who used to work here. Do you know Mr. Weably?"
"I know Carl. Didn't know he was a Weably. Figures though."
"Sir?"
"Stupid name for a stupid person."
Detective Pickard raised an eyebrow.
"Mr. Weably — Carl — claims that a week ago you threw him over a railing in this building and caused him to fall down two flights of stairs.
"Threw him over a railing?"
"Yes, sir. Do you know why he might have said that?"
Mr. Bingham chuckled. "Sure do."
They waited for him to continue, but Mr. Bingham was not forthcoming. "Would you tell us why you think he said that?"
"'Cause it's the truth. That's why."
Both policemen shifted weight from one leg to the other, like synchronized gymnasts. Nurse Budka, who had been standing nearby, shook her head in disgust. Matthews thought about having to read this old wreck his rights and decided finally to let Pickard be the first to make a fool of himself.
"Sir, would you please tell us everything that happened that night — the way you remember it."
Pickard took out a small spiral notebook and pen and flipped to the next empty page, ready to record the evidence.
"Oh, all right. I suppose you want all the gory details. Well, you see, Carl's a braggart. Big mouth you know?"
The old man seemed to want to free his arms, perhaps to gesticulate, but he couldn't quite work them loose from the blankets. Finally he gave up and continued his story. "So he challenges me to a ten point game of one-on-one. Basketball. For money, you understand. Big mouth. Thinks he's Michael Jordan."
Pickard and Matthews were aware that a number of elderly residents had stopped whatever they were doing and were listening intently. Both of the detectives would have liked to creep quietly out into the street and never come back. Instead they waited, faces hot with humiliation.
"So there we were, out in the park trading baskets right on up until I decide to pull out the stops. I slam-dunked the last four points so fast he didn't know what hit him. Big mouth. I guess I showed him."
They really didn't want to hear the rest of it, but there was no way out. Pickard hadn't written a word in his notebook and didn't expect to. He folded it and replaced it in his pocket.
"Then you know what that two-bit punk did?"
"What did he do, sir?"
"He refused to pay up. That's what he did. Fifty bucks, the piker. So, naturally I got mad and carried him to the top floor and threw him down the stairs. Serves him right. Big mouth."
The old man's sudden laugh, like the whooping of a chimpanzee, punctuating the joke. Now, at last, they could leave, and it wasn't a moment too soon. Nearby, the other residents seemed fascinated. They were now standing in a solid line, leaning forward, squeezed together shoulder to shoulder, staring. The way they huddled so tightly together was almost creepy.
And now the nurse seemed irritated. "I hope you gentlemen aren't taking him seriously. Mr. Bingham enjoys being difficult. If you don't mind, I have my duties to get to."
But Mr. Bingham apparently wanted more fun. This must have been the highlight of his week. "You boys going to haul me off to the Big House?"
"No, sir. Not right now. Some other time. But thank you for your help."
"Any time, boys. Any time."
The detectives followed the nurse back to the lobby. At the door Matthews halted momentarily and, scratching his head, glanced back curiously toward Mr. Bingham. The old man had fallen asleep again, but the rest of the old people in the room were still watching the detectives intently, still huddled together shoulder to shoulder. Why were they so interested? Matthews wondered. He shrugged. Probably the most excitement they'd had in years. 

***

Molly thanked God the detectives hadn't looked directly to their right when they first walked into the Day Room. When she saw them she nearly choked. But she quickly recovered her wits and dropped to the floor behind a chair, crawling on her hands and knees, as painful as that was, to a position behind Ray Ambler. Ray had almost given it away by snapping "Stop that" when she'd hammered on his foot to get his attention. When he finally understood, he managed to obtain the cooperation of the ladies. Molly put on Ray's sunglasses and crouched low while the others squeezed close together to form a barrier. Wherever the detectives walked the ladies would wheel their human wall to face them squarely, and Molly stayed behind it keeping her head down.
When the police finally left, Ray hurried to the door and gave the "all clear" signal when the detectives had gone. The elevators were too unpredictable to trust for a quick exit, so they smuggled Molly to the fire stairs at the center of a moving circle of women. No one expected her to climb the two stories to her room. She was to stay there on the bottom step until she received her orders.
Sitting by herself, Molly began to doubt whether she was cut out for all this cloak-and-dagger stuff. For one thing, all the running and hiding and interrogations and wearing disguises were exhausting her. It wasn't nearly as glamorous now as it had seemed at the beginning. But then, too, there was the reality of her life here — the muggings and the abuse, the loss of dignity and the hopelessness. Unable for the moment to coax her thoughts any further, Molly sat quietly and tried to rest.

***

Matthews was half in and half out of the unmarked patrol car in front of the Meadowvale Nursing Home when a thought struck him. He extracted his leg and stood at the curb, leaning with an elbow against the beige top.
"Hey, partner, I got a question for you."
Pickard was around on the street side fumbling with his keys. "What's that?"
"How did that old guy know that Weably was thrown from the top floor?"
"I don't know. Did we mention it?"
"I didn't. Did you?"
"I don't think so. But I'm sure they all know that's where it happened. They probably got nothing better to do than trade gossip. What're you thinking, that he really does know something?"
Matthews cocked his head toward the home and took a couple of deep breaths. "What I'm thinking, partner, is I'm getting sick and tired of being made to look like a fool by a bunch of old farts. There's something going down here, I can smell it."
"What you smell is — like you said — old farts."
"Funny. What I mean is, I didn't like the way Bingham was ready for us — maybe just a little too smartass for somebody who didn't know we were coming."
Pickard was an idea man who worked with logic. He didn't have the same kind of hunches that Matthews had. But he also knew that they had dug themselves out of a lot of holes following Matthews' hunches, so he was willing to listen to whatever his partner had to say. "So what does that mean? What do we do now?"
Matthews straightened, letting the door swing shut, and started back toward the home. He called out over his shoulder, "Just start the car. I'll be back in a second."
Inside the lobby, Matthews noticed the same nurse reading her Bible again. Apparently her duties here — the ones she was so anxious to get back to — were to read the Bible. He supposed it could have been worse.
"I'm sorry to bother you again, ma'am, but I just had one last question."
Nurse Budka didn't say anything, only peered over her reading glasses, a hinge pinched between her bony fingers.
"I was wondering whether you might have any women, elderly women here named Molly."
"Molly? Well, yes, there's just the one. She was just here a while ago but I don't know where she is now." She sighed. "I guess you want me to go find her."
"No, ma'am. For right now if you could just tell me her last name. For the record?"
"Certainly. It's Friend. Molly Friend." 


Chapter 26

Grace Budka was again in Leon Keck's office, sitting primly beside his desk in the one other chair in the room. And as she had come to expect, Leon had wedged himself behind the desk with a fishbowl full of Heath Bars near at hand. Brown stains circled his mouth, especially dark at the corners. While she waited for him to stop writing in his legal pad so she could inform him of the newest emergency, her gaze drifted toward the wall. She would have liked to look out into the park, the way you could when Jenny Keck was in charge, but Leon wouldn't unboard the windows. Seeing the mound of broken glass behind him where the empty fishbowls ended up, she frowned, but she knew better than to mention it. Lately Leon had been behaving more and more erratically, how she imagined a man possessed of the devil might behave. When he was in one of his satanic fits he frightened the daylights out of her, so she tried her best not to upset him any more than was necessary. Unfortunately, she had no choice but to report the latest problems. Her duty demanded it.
Finished writing, Leon set his pencil down and folded his hands, inviting Mrs. Budka to speak.
"It's Mr. Campbell again, I'm afraid. He's been gone for three days and no one seems to know what happened to him. Apparently he just walked off."
Leon placed a hand alongside his face and pushed a puffy cheek upward until it threatened to close an eye. Releasing it, he sat up straight, rolling his shoulders forward.
"Grace, weren't you in here just a few weeks ago trying to get me to throw him out? And now that he's gone you're worried he won't come back?"
Her reply started out almost as a pout. "I think you should throw him out. He's an immoral heathen. But, well, as long as he's registered here we have a certain legal responsibility."
The only responsibility we have, Leon thought, is to collect the money for keeping the old immoral heathen. If he wants to wander off, great. One less scrotum face to get in the way. Leon didn't see a problem here.
"So what are you saying, Grace? Out with it. You can talk to me."
"I just — it seems like maybe we should report it. What if they find him somewhere — eh — dead or something? They'll want to know why we didn't report him missing. I'm only thinking of the home, Mr. Keck."
"I know you are, Grace, and I really appreciate it. And you know what I'm going to do? As soon as we're finished here I'm going to call and see that the authorities are on the lookout for our Mr. Campbell. You're absolutely right in bringing this to my attention."
As far as Leon was concerned there wasn't a snowball's chance in hell he would let anyone with any authority sniff around the place — not until there wasn't a drop of cash left and he was a million miles away. But Grace Budka was buying his phony cooperation just like the stupid old people had, and she even seemed to warm to him, her hands fluttering nervously between throat and lap. She shifted her legs, ready to rise.
"Well, Mr. Keck. That's all I had to say. I'm just trying to be of help."
She was up now and making for the door. Leon didn't bother to stand.
"Well, thank you again, Grace. And don't think I haven't noticed the professional job you're doing around here. Believe me, it won't go unrewarded."
She actually blushed. "Thank you Mr. Keck."
When the door was closed, Leon made his final pronouncement out loud. "In a pig's eye."

***

The Colonel had assembled his squad for an emergency meeting this Saturday morning before breakfast. They were in their usual corner in the Day Room, and the only difference today was that Molly was wearing a brunette wig and thick glasses that had her almost completely blinded. To see anything at all she had to poke her nose up in the air like a mole and squint underneath the lenses. The troops seemed nervous, but the Colonel was his implacable self, ready to cut his losses like a professional.
"I'm afraid we have a possible security breach here. It's nothing to be overly concerned about. These things happen. But we'll have to make some temporary changes."
George Wilson — no longer wearing sunglasses because, as he explained, he kept tripping over things with them on — raised his hand.
"Can we know what happened, sir, or is that on a need-to-know basis?" He glanced insecurely at the others. "Or maybe I'm the only one who doesn't know what's going on."
The Colonel snorted. "You've been reading too many spy novels, George. No, this is something we should all know about. It's a lesson on how the slightest mistake can mushroom into a disaster. Something came up when I was debriefing Molly after her interrogation by the police. Molly?"
Molly appeared dejected. "I'm afraid it was my fault, George. The Colonel told us to use our real first names if we were ever captured — to make it easier to keep our stories straight. But I went and gave them my whole name. I'm sorry. It was a silly slip. There was just so much to remember."
The Colonel was behind his squad all the way and wanted them to know it. Molly was a good operative. "It happens to the best of us, Molly. Nobody could have done a better job and we're proud of you. What matters isn't that we make mistakes, it's how we correct our mistakes. But right now it's only a matter of time before they trace you to the home here. I'm afraid that means you'll have to disappear for a while."
Mrs. Newcombe's eyes widened. "Disappear. Ooh, it sounds so mysterious and thrilling. How are we going to manage that?"
"As soon as this meeting is over I'm going to drive her to a safe house in the area where she'll stay until the heat's off. I figure about two or three months."
The "safe house" was in reality nothing more than the Colonel's son's place. With one phone call this morning he had browbeaten the children into accepting Molly, under the condition that she would do some of the cooking.
"But Colonel, two or three months away from here — all my friends." Her spirits capsized visibly. "Goodness, that will mean I'll have to miss the holidays. I must say, this commando business is starting to be more trouble than it's worth."
"I told you there would be a certain amount of sacrifice. Would you rather go back to hiding under your beds for the rest of your lives? We've accomplished a lot since we started. We can't stop now."
"Of course you're right, Colonel. Only — I suppose I can do it. I should have paid more attention with the police."
"Good soldier, Molly." The Colonel inspected the others. "Any questions?"
No one had questions.
"Right, then. I'm afraid we'll have to cease all but the most necessary operations for an indefinite period, at least until we determine what the Jerries know about us."
Phyllis Brident was confused. "The police, Colonel. Don't you mean the police?"
"Eh?" His eyes fogged over for just a second, though no one could tell because of the sunglasses. Then just as quickly they cleared and he replied, "Yes, of course I mean the police."
Mrs. Snyder suspended her knitting to clarify a point. "Sir, what do we say if the police come around asking questions, the way they did with Mr. Bingham?"
"Just stick to your regular cover stories. They should hold up even now. I'll get messages to anyone who needs to change her story. Is that clear, all of you? Stick to your regular stories."
"Yes, sir."
"Then if there's nothing else, this meeting is over. Molly, if you're ready I think we'd better —"
First Mrs. Newcombe, then Mrs. Snyder, then Ray Ambler, and quickly all of them were staring over to where Benny Campbell stood quietly just inside the room, tall and elegant in his tweed suit. He looked the way he did when he first arrived at the home, nothing like the beaten old man who had recently had a heart attack. No one ventured to speak, not even the Colonel.
From all his years' experience manipulating people, Benny knew how to time these things. On just the right dramatic beat he gestured toward the door behind him and beckoned to the Colonel.
"You win, Colonel Cobb. I'm ready. We need to talk."
The Colonel snapped into action. This was one opportunity he didn't want to miss. "George, take Molly to my car and see that she's kept out of sight. I'll meet you in a few minutes. Go out the back way and be absolutely sure no one is watching."
George smiled. He sensed that something important was going on and responded crisply. "Yes, sir!"
"Dismissed."
The Colonel peeled off his trademark salute and marched off toward Benny who was already halfway out the door.

***

Benny and the Colonel sat in the park, on the bench where Mary and Isabel usually fed the pigeons. But it was too early for the old women to be out, and if the chill remained in the air the way it seemed as if it could, they might not come out at all. The two men faced each other, conversing, gesturing with their hands. Occasionally Benny would point in one direction or another rapidly, as if he were explaining something complicated. Occasionally the Colonel would nod, and now and then he would reach up to adjust his beret.
When the two had completed their meeting, they shook hands firmly and the Colonel marched off to deliver Molly to safety.
Benny elected to stay in the park a while longer. He walked up to the trunk of the sugar maple, and, standing there, he no longer felt old.

***

And it wasn't just Benny and the Colonel who had found something new to energize themselves. Clarissa had been up at dawn every day since Benny disappeared, watching out the window, hoping that Benny would return. Without this hope she wouldn't have been able to watch Benny out in the park with the Colonel and yet find the discipline within herself not to run to him. And now she could see that he was out from under his sugar maple and heading her way. She hurried back to her room to make sure her hair was straight, to slip into her best sweater.


Chapter 27

Today was Saturday. Goddamn Saturdays, Leon thought, are only just a little better than Sundays. You try to make business calls and the lazy bastards aren't even in. He had been trying to finish selling off whatever wasn't nailed down in the home and, of course, the people who could buy the things he wanted to sell weren't in on the weekend. Months ago he'd sold off the books in the little library that his mother had stocked for the residents. Yesterday he had closed a deal with a used medical supply house to take all the bedpans off his hands. They weren't giving him squat for them, but the way Leon figured it, a dollar more was a dollar farther he could move away from this shithouse. Leon scowled when he contemplated having to wait until Monday to ship the stuff over.
Sitting here in his office, with no commercial business to transact, he had decided that today was the day to implement his new rule on personal belongings. He had written a memo to all staff stating that, because of excessive thievery, the home's insurance now required that all personal valuables be collected and stored in the owner's office. Certainly there would be receipts given. You bet, he thought, smiling to himself. For the residents who could see well enough to read, there would be an unsigned, scribbled note. For the ones who couldn't, he'd offer a small printed form that said, "Have a nice day." The thought cracked him up. Leon expected to have his hands on most of the stuff by the end of the week, and he had already lined up a jeweler who would buy used jewelry for the weight of the gold, or the raw value of the stones. Having to do all of this Mickey Mouse planning and organizing for his petty money was a real pain in the ass, Leon decided, but this was how his mother had left it for him. Why couldn't she have left his inheritance in a more liquid form for Christ's sake? It seemed to Leon that she was reaching out from the grave to make his life miserable, and he wondered if he'd ever be done with her. Sometimes in his mind — it was the strangest thing — sometimes Jenny's puzzled face would appear to him, as if in a movie, and he'd see her straining hands and then...
He had just spread his arms on the desk and nestled his head into them for a little nap when he heard a rustling against the closed office door followed by a muted thump. The sound was familiar. He raised his head, thinking that everyone else in the world was off on Saturdays except the goddamn U.S. Post Office. Why bother with mail when you can't do anything anyway? Leon wanted to phone over to Grace Budka and have her bring the mail in, but she was off doing some errand or other. It looked like he would have to drag himself the whole ten feet over there to collect it. Or, he could let it stay until he was ready to leave. No, there might be a check or two, and at least he could endorse them over to himself and deposit them in one of his personal accounts. 

Five minutes later Leon was back wedged behind the desk with the mail squared up in a neat stack. Here we go, he thought, from the top. He flipped through the envelopes. Not a check. Not a check. Not a check. Shit. Not a check. Not a check. Wait a second. It wasn't a check, but the return address was the State — an official-looking letter with the address hand-typed, not like a form letter. This made Leon a bit uneasy. He put it aside and riffled through the rest of the stack. No checks anywhere. Things like this were why he hated Saturdays.
Leon reached for a Heath Bar from the fishbowl to calm his nerves, shucked off its wrapper, snapped it in two and played the game he sometimes liked of smacking at the halves like a mackerel. He decided he would have to open the letter from the State sooner or later, so he might as well get it over with. He invaded the flap of the envelope with a pudgy finger and shredded it in one stroke. The letter was neatly typed on official letterhead. Reading slowly he swallowed and sniffed several times before finishing.
Great, he thought, just great. The State was citing him for violations of codes he had never even heard of, dozens of them, and they said that since he hadn't responded to any of the six previous warnings, they had no choice but to revoke his license, effective immediately. Leon pounded the desk so hard that a small fissure appeared in the wood where none had been before. The fishbowl danced, but miraculously settled right side up. He thought about flinging it but decided not to since it wasn't empty yet.
Leon raged to himself: What goddamn six notices? He had never received any notices. Or had he thrown them out? No, he would have at least opened an official letter from the State. It could have been money. And why the hell hadn't they sent them registered or something? You couldn't just close a place down, could you? Revoke his license? A storm brewed in Leon's brain, and it gave him a massive headache. He rubbed his eyes, then his ears, then his eyes again.
Okay, okay, he decided, there was something he could do. He could be flexible. He could check out his cash balances in the several accounts where he had been squirreling away the proceeds from his systematic transfers. Not that he was going to waste any precious cash trying to fight the State in court. No, that would be throwing away good money. But if there was enough cash already maybe he could take off right away, simply abandon ship and let it sink in its own mud and slime. If only there was enough to get somewhere where he could sit and relax, forget about all this hard work. That was all he needed. No sense being too greedy. Leon tried to remember where he had stashed his bankbooks, guessing they were probably all in that locked steel file cabinet in the corner.

***

"Aren't we the pair, Clarissa?" Benny said. "Tired old dancers at the last waltz — two bad hearts in three-quarter time."
Benny had been talking with Clarissa in her room, the scene of their recent tragedy, and, miraculously, the two of them had begun weaving new dreams, new plans. They sat side by side on her bed, facing the empty bed across the room where her roommate, Diane, would have been if she hadn't died the day before last. Clarissa hadn't even known. Suddenly the old woman was just gone and no one had told her anything. This was, for Clarissa, one of the most frightening things about living at Meadowvale Nursing Home. So many times you woke up into a totally different world from the one in which you went to sleep. And no one else seemed to think it was strange enough to mention. Had Diane really died, or had she just vanished?
Clarissa shuddered and tried to concentrate on her dreams — the ones remaining, anyway. According to Benny, a dream without a plan could turn quickly into a nightmare. But the planning she left to him. Clarissa knew she wasn't good at making things happen in the face of such overwhelming adversity. Right now she understood that he just wanted her to trust him, trust that things would work out. And she would trust him because it was all she had. Benny took her hand in his and rested them both in the crevice between their touching thighs.
"The wheels are turning, Clarissa. We need only wait now to be delivered. I give you my word you will not be disappointed."
From a realistic point of view, Clarissa was just happy to have Benny here beside her. She couldn't have taken too much more of his unresponsive staring out the window. But he had convinced her now that all the while he had been planning for the two of them. And it had to do somehow with that maple tree. Benny the sugar maple, that's what he had called himself, whatever that meant. She squeezed his hand, and they sat quietly, absorbing each other's warmth.
When enough time had passed, Benny reached into his jacket, extracted a sheet of writing paper covered with notes, unfolded it and held it up for Clarissa to read. "Now, here's a little something I've worked out, a sort of script. I'd like to run through it with you until you have it memorized." He grinned warmly. "You should like this. You're going to be back in show business."

***

Detectives Matthews and Pickard arrived just before lunch in a squad car, one of three vehicles carrying their team of officers, armed with a search warrant for the premises of the Meadowvale Nursing Home. They were looking for one Molly Friend, fugitive, wanted in connection with a series of maimings in the area, and believed to be harbored at said home. And if they happened to stumble on any other evidence, so much the better. A total of six officers would execute the warrant. The plan was to station one each at the front and rear exits while the other four, led by the detectives, would begin at the top floor and work downward, eventually flushing out the fugitive, assuming she was here.
The police moved quickly. When Nurse Budka was shown the warrant abruptly in passing she became flustered and paced in circles for a minute or two until she decided that Mr. Keck must be informed immediately. She hated to disturb him yet again, and it was always a shock to see how much the office where he kept himself locked up had deteriorated, but this was certainly important enough to require his attention. She banged on his door, then opened it without waiting for his response.
"Mr. Keck, Mr. Keck! Please. The police are here."
Glowering at her, stomach heaving, Leon raised himself halfway from his chair. "What the hell?"
"The police are all through the building, Mr. Keck. I don't know what's going on. It's all so upsetting."
Leon Keck was still fuming over the notice he had received from the State, and he immediately assumed that they were there to shut him down. He began screaming, "Where are they? Where the hell are they?"
Confronted by Leon's rage, Mrs. Budka yelped and stepped backward, nearly tripping over herself. Leon shoved at the desk to release his stomach and instead of his chair moving backward, the desk screeched forward and rocked momentarily on two legs. She had never seen him move so fast. Suddenly he came toward her at full speed, blocking her out of the doorway as if she were a football dummy. He spotted the police officer stationed at the front door and blustered toward him.
"You! Hey you! What the hell do you think you're doing?"
The startled young man didn't quite know how to react, especially since Leon didn't show any signs of slowing down. Sensing a physical threat, the officer moved a hand near his holster but just let it dangle there.
"I'm talking to you, buddy. Show me your papers. Show me where it says you can come in here and shut me down — on a Saturday for Christ's sake. Without any warning."
Leon kept coming and the officer backed away.
"I'll have to ask you to stand clear, sir."
But Leon seemed to want to belly right up to him, just what the officer couldn't allow. He felt as if he were being attacked by a charging rhino.
"Please back away, sir."
A few of the residents in the Day Room had come out to watch. There wasn't one of them who didn't want to see the policeman blow Leon away, and their eyes widened when Leon butted up right next to him and the young man drew his gun.
But the residents were disappointed. The officer deftly pivoted away and swung around to face Leon, displaying the gun but not actually pointing it.
"Stay right where you are, sir."
Leon pulled up short and backed off, but not much. "You come here to destroy my livelihood, and now you pull a gun on me?"
Not happy with any of this, the young officer wanted to play it strictly by the book. "Sir, we are here to execute a legally issued warrant to locate a woman named Molly Friend, known to reside on these premises. If you interfere in any way with —"
Leon rocked back on his heels. "Molly Friend? You're here to find Molly Friend?" He took another step backward, grabbed at his beltline and tried to hike up his pants without success. His demeanor changed abruptly. When it appeared that Leon would behave rationally, the officer relaxed.
"Yes sir. If you'd like to speak to the detective in charge —"
"Oh no. I wouldn't dream of interfering in police work. No, no, no."
The officer holstered his pistol, still alert and wary. "We'd appreciate your complete cooperation, sir."
"Oh, of course. Absolutely. Anything. You want Molly Friend, take her. What the hell, take two, they're small. Know what I mean?"
Leon giggled at his own joke, trundling off slowly to his office without looking back, as though nothing had happened, all the while carrying on a loud dialogue with himself. "We have to cooperate with the police, don't we?" "Of course we do." "They're here to protect us." "They most certainly are..."
Nurse Budka's pulse rate remained well above normal. Having decided there must be some passage in the Bible that would slow it back down, she crept off to find chapter and verse, breathing heavily.
By the time the young officer had relaxed completely and moved back to the door to resume his station, he noticed that the few elderly who were still watching him wore curiously disappointed expressions on their faces.

***

Back in his office, with the police crawling all over the place, Leon Keck sat quietly brooding over his bankbooks. At one point he noticed the photograph of him and his mother, glass shattered out of its frame, lying among the Heath Bar wrappers on the floor. With a great expenditure of energy he managed to retrieve it. He held it in front of him with both hands, nervously flexing his muscles so much that the frame warped first one way, then the other. And those same tears returned to him, the ones that were never far away when he thought of Jenny, of that puzzled expression on her face, those bloodless white knuckles. "Ma? Okay, I'm sorry Ma. I didn't mean it. I didn't know it would be so hard. Now they're gonna shut your precious home down before I can get out what you owe me. And even your beloved senior citizens are fucking wanted criminals. I got nothing now, Ma. Did you fix it this way? Are you happy I got nothing? You want me to say it? Okay, I'll say it: I'm sorry, Ma."
He placed the photo gently in the center of the desk and slumped forward, unmoving, feeling his sinuses thicken. 


Chapter 28

The two uniformed officers who accompanied the detectives were posted up on the top floor, the men's floor, one at the elevators and one at the fire stairs, to see that no one escaped the net. Pickard and Matthews began at the near end of the hall and moved along toward the end by the fire door. There had been no nurse or orderly at the nursing station when they arrived on the floor, and none had come by at any time since, so they decided simply to let themselves into each of the tiny rooms, one by one, mindful to knock first.
"This place reeks, Scotty. You stand this smell?"
"I'm trying not to think about it and you're not helping."
There was no one in the first room they opened, though they noticed signs of recent occupancy. Linens covering the unmade beds were streaked and stained. A crack in the small window at the end of the room must have been leaking rainwater for some time because mildew flocked the corner of the nearest bed. A soggy bar of soap was stuck to the top of an old wooden bureau, and soap-thickened towels had hardened where they lay.
In the next room they found old Mr. Bingham, the one they had spoken to the night before. He seemed to be asleep, packed tightly into his wheelchair as though no one had bothered to put him to bed the night before, but he came to when he heard the door open. If he recognized the two policemen he didn't acknowledge it. He was no longer the spry wit. He begged them with watery eyes. "Help me, please. Please. I have to go to the bathroom. I can't move."
Pickard wanted to help, though he didn't really know what to do. He couldn't just ignore the old man. He imagined what it would be like if he were sitting there virtually in a straitjacket. Matthews didn't object when Pickard maneuvered around behind the wheelchair and guided it out into the hall. Halfway to the bathroom, Pickard was relieved beyond measure when a tough-looking elderly man wearing a beret and sunglasses — to protect diseased eyes, he guessed — took charge of Mr. Bingham.
"I've got it from here, Officer. Mr. Bingham and I are old friends, aren't we Mr. Bingham? I can handle it. Thank you."
Pickard stared after them while Bingham was wheeled off.
Moving along the hall, the policemen encountered other old men in varying stages of decay. Detective Matthews began to make the tentative connection in his mind between what he discovered here and some movies he'd seen about the civil war, where they piled the wounded into filthy beds wherever they could, or on the dirt if there weren't any beds. That was it, he thought. There was something about this place that reminded him of a war zone, a battlefield where there weren't enough resources to treat the casualties properly. But beyond that he felt there was something else, something malevolent in the air — worse than a battlefield. He shuddered, hoping to slough off the feeling.
At the end of the hall near the fire stairs, Matthews and Pickard pulled open a scarred door to find George Wilson propped up on his bed reading a paperback crime novel.
George greeted them. "Well, good morning. Or is it good afternoon? I lose track of time in here. You're the detectives."
Matthews would handle this one. "Someone warned you we were coming?"
"No, but I was on the force in the city for quite a while. Been retired for quite a while, too. But I can always tell one of us. You know what I mean."
"Yeah." The detective angled his head left and right. "We're looking for a woman named Molly Friend. Know anything about her?"
"I know you won't find her on this floor. It's all men here."
"Right, but she could be hiding anywhere."
Matthews felt an overwhelming urge to shut the door and move on, but there was something about George Wilson that held him, made him wait until he understood — what? Was it the age thing? Here they were, two black cops face to face over a gap of, say, forty years and yet there was a kind of twisted déjà vu that seemed to tie them together. Probably just the atmosphere of this place getting to him — really starting to give him the creeps — or maybe it was that the two of them looked so much alike, if you discounted the years. Matthews wasn't ready for what George Wilson said next. As though the old man has been reading his mind, it jarred him.
"So what you're thinking, bro, you're thinking you might be looking through a long telescope right now — seeing the future." His eyes were hard. "You better believe you are. But it ain't as bad as it looks. Hell no, it's a whole lot worse."
"What are you saying?"
"Nothing. Old folks just talk. You know that. Pay no attention. Go on, look for your old lady — but she's not the one you should be looking to bust."
"If you're withholding information that —"
"I don't know nothing, and you don't either. Sorry I can't help you, son. No time. You can see I'm real busy. Good luck."
The old man's expression slackened into a blank, and he raised the book to cover his face, releasing the hold he had on Matthews. But Matthews realized it would take him a while to get over it anyway. He backed out and moved along, leaving George's door standing open.
The Colonel was still away in the bathroom taking care of Mr. Bingham when the detectives reached his and Benny's room. To speed their progress they simply leaned in, but Pickard noticed the photo of the Colonel standing on the bureau and took a few steps forward to study it more closely. It looked very World War II-ish, and very European. He guessed it had been shot somewhere in France, and he remembered the FBI's tip about the OSS connection. He made a mental note of the Colonel's face before descending to the women's floors where Molly was more likely to be hiding, if she was in the home at all.
On down through the building, floor by floor, they opened each room and it didn't get any better. In 307 they found a nonagenarian who looked as if she hadn't been bathed or even turned in her bed for possibly weeks. Her grotesque feet protruded from the covers with toes that seemed cemented together into a solid block of toe jam. Open bedsores the size of silver dollars that must have hurt like the devil glistened pink and yellow from beneath the covers. Matthews noted the room number in his book, trying not to gag at the septic stink.
With a steadily eroding sense of mission, the police asked each resident who seemed able to answer whether she had seen Molly, or knew where she might be, even displaying mug shots when they thought it might help. Sometimes they received a negative answer, mostly they inspired empty stares.
Molly Friend was supposed to have been assigned to room 214, but there was no indication that anyone had been staying there recently. Matthews nudged Pickard, directing his attention to the smooth surfaces — the wardrobe, the bed frames, the door and knob — which were conspicuously clean, wondering if it had been the result of an intentional act to wipe away fingerprints. Certainly there hadn't been any evidence of cleanliness or fastidiousness elsewhere in the home, but he wondered how an eighty-year-old woman would think to wipe away her fingerprints. The idea seemed ridiculous. For now, it was just another item to place in his growing mental catalog of impressions. Pickard knelt beside Molly's bed frame to examine a row of crude splotches painted with fingernail polish. They looked a lot like stylized thumbs-ups, but only if you tried really hard to see them that way. He guessed they were probably just somebody's doodling out of boredom. All of these details would have to be sorted out later. But right now both of the detectives were feeling ill. Even the two officers who had been keeping an eye on the exits were a bit queasy, though they hadn't witnessed nearly the worst of what was inside the cells.
Of the two detectives, Matthews felt the greatest relief when finally they emerged into the hideous lobby, a room easily as depressing as any of the hallways above. He kept thinking about the face of George Wilson. Had there been mockery in the old man's eyes? And why would an ex-policeman have ended up in a place like this anyway? What happened to his pension? For Matthews, seeing Wilson had been far worse than not capturing their fugitive granny.
Before leaving, the police wanted to stop by the owner's office to make their official presence known and to be sure he understood that if Molly should return, of if he had any information regarding her whereabouts, he was obliged to report it to them immediately. The nurse who had been behind the counter when they arrived was nowhere in sight. For some reason the young officer stationed at the front entrance flashed them a goofy, almost demonic look while Pickard knocked at the door marked DIRECTOR. Matthews glared at the young man. What the hell was the matter with the crazy rookie? How he managed to pass psychological screening with a shit-eating grin like that was a mystery.
From within the office, a tired voice answered. "Go away."
"Police, sir. We need to speak to you. It'll just take a second."
They could hear sounds like someone moving heavy furniture — a cabinet scraping over the floor, or maybe a desk? — and a minute later, with Pickard's fist raised to knock again, the lock snapped open, the door sucked away, and there before them stood the biggest living human either of them had ever seen except in a photograph. Nor were they prepared for his overblown jollity.
"Well! Hello, hello, hello officers. Leon Keck here. I own this fine establishment. Glad to see you're on the job. Glad to see it."
The big man extended a bloated hand like a collection of pink bratwursts, which Matthews shook uneasily. "Mr. Keck."
Obviously this behemoth had no intention of letting them into the office, and Detective Pickard wasn't sure he wanted to press the issue right now. To satisfy himself for the time being the detective elevated on tiptoes, angling past Leon's shoulder to inspect the trash pit within. There didn't seem to be any place an old woman could hide in there, and frankly, he thought, from the look of the broken glass and paper scraps strewn over the floor, no self-respecting woman of any age would go in there for any reason. Pickard lowered himself and faced Leon. Had the big man been crying? His eyes were red and his cheeks blotchy, but maybe that was the way he always looked, or he might have a cold.
"Sir, your nurse may have told you we're looking for a Molly Friend, an elderly woman we know is, or was, a resident here." He held the photos up to Leon's face.
"Yes, that's old Molly all right. When I heard you wanted her I asked around, but no one seems to have seen her recently. Er — ah — may I ask why you're looking for her? Does she have a string of outstanding parking tickets or something?"
Leon guffawed much too loudly, forcing the detectives to move back. Matthews handed him a small card.
"I'm afraid we can't discuss that, sir, but we'd certainly appreciate if you would call us at this number if you learn anything or remember anything that might help us locate Mrs. Friend."
"Oh, absolutely. Of course. Without question. You can count on me, officers. If I find out anything at all you'll hear about it right away. Certainly. For sure."
Matthews hadn't seen the shambles in the office that Pickard had, but he stared at Leon, wondering what kind of person could run a home like this. He knew there were government agencies that regulated these places. When they got back to headquarters he would have to check out what was involved in lodging a complaint, although he couldn't believe there hadn't been a steady stream of them already.
"Thank you, Mr. Keck. We appreciate that."
Back in their unmarked car Matthews and Pickard had a lot to talk about, a lot of ideas and facts to sift, but neither felt like talking on the ride back to police headquarters. They were both grateful just to be breathing fresh air, and they didn't want to waste it on words.

***

With the police gone, Leon retreated to his desk to resume sulking. Even though their visit had nothing to do with him this time, still it upset him. They had initiated a painful train of thought that held him paralyzed where he sat, brooding uncontrollably, until he noticed with a shock that hours had passed. Suddenly he had to get out of there. He rolled out of his chair, locked up and left. Around the back of the home, in the owner's parking space, he loaded himself into his white, nearly-new Cadillac — the one he had bought with the life insurance settlement after Jenny's death — and rode around in a daze until the urge to satisfy his overwhelming appetite was overwhelming. He stopped off at the nearest seafood restaurant to scarf down three lobsters — not quite enough, he thought, but more than that at this late hour and he'd risk trouble sleeping — and drove home to his apartment, the one that Jenny Keck didn't live in any more.
But Leon couldn't get to sleep anyway. The notice from the State about closing him down had put a deep dent in his timetable, and he was up all night trying to decide the best way to take the money and run. He calculated that he didn't yet have enough in the bank to make a clean break. Even if he could unload the bedpans and the furniture and whatever else was loose, he'd be able to retire only to some broken down hacienda in Mexico, or somewhere like that where you get a zillion whatchamacallits to the dollar and nobody speaks English. Leon couldn't really imagine himself living in some sunbaked, flyspecked mud hut — or rather he could, and the picture sickened him.
What was worse, tomorrow was Sunday. No business could be transacted. The State agencies were closed so he couldn't even get Arnie Sharpe to go in and find out what was happening. There was no point at all in going in to the office, so Leon was faced with spending the day in that damned apartment trying to kill Sunday, which, he knew from experience, always managed to die a slow and agonizing death. 


Chapter 29

At home on Sunday, in the little sixth-floor condo that he and Jenny had shared, Leon Keck sat in a low plush couch, just the kind he hated because it was so much effort to get into and out of. But his mother, Jenny, had never thought about his needs when she decorated the place. Or maybe she had — he wouldn't have put it past her. He flipped over the top page of his lined yellow legal pad, prepared for some serious thinking. In front of him, on the plate glass coffee table, he had placed a fishbowl full of Heath Bars just like the one at the office — something Jenny never would have allowed. Brown crumpled husks of eaten bars congregated by the dozens on the floor surrounding the table. The couch was upholstered in white-on-white ticking which showed clearly the little chocolate flakes that always sprinkled down when Leon cracked each bar in half. But for Leon that was the only way to eat them.
Surveying the apartment, he reaffirmed his opinion that Jenny never had much taste in decorating. Consequently, the apartment looked as impersonal as a furniture store, down to the spatula-painted oils on the walls, the books and knick-knacks chosen for color and size and set out so carefully. Because it wasn't too cold today the doors that led out to the balcony were open — French doors with rain-spotted glass panels. The only sounds were the muffled traffic noises from the street below and Leon's rhythmic wheezing as he toiled for his breath.
Out on the narrow balcony, by the black iron railing, were the flower pots and plant hangers that Jenny had been fussing with the last few moments of her life. Leon hadn't moved anything, even though one pot had tipped over, scattering black dirt across the indoor-outdoor carpet. Over the year since her death, rain and wind had ground the dirt in permanently. Yes, Leon remembered. That was a year ago. He didn't understand how it could have been that long, but time had a way of slipping by when you were busy.
And Leon certainly had been busy — especially lately, though it now seemed as if it would all go for nothing. His eyes flushed damp as he looked out past the balcony into empty space, remembering Jenny. He watched while that same crazy, inevitable movie played again in his mind, the scene with Jenny Keck, her puzzled look, hands straining. "Leon!" her voice echoing pitifully from the past. Out in that direction, toward the west, there were no taller buildings, so there was nothing obstructing the view. From down low where he sat there was nothing but sky out there. He felt a wave of vertigo.
Leon unwrapped another Heath Bar, tossed its paper, and snapped it carefully in half. Holding it daintily between thumb and forefinger he plopped it into his waiting maw. Ah, that did it. Now he could concentrate on the important matters at hand. He applied pencil to legal pad and began to jot down ideas for rescuing his fortune from disaster. But he quickly found he couldn't concentrate. At the thought of his plans for a glorious early retirement ruined by circumstances beyond his control, his rage, always coiled just beneath the surface, reared up. Why was this happening to him, this disaster? How could he have come this far only to be defeated in the end? Leon clutched a handful of Heath Bars and, growling like a grizzly bear, pitched them at full force toward the balcony. Three of them crashed against the glass panes of the partially opened doors. The rest sailed out into the endless sky. He hoped maybe, if they went far enough, they'd get all the way to where the spirit of Jenny Keck now resided and she'd see how really furious he was at the way she'd left him.

***

At 7:53 on Monday morning, Leon Keck took out his keys to unlock his office in the Meadowvale Nursing Home, still foggy from his restless weekend. For some reason the lobby looked uglier to him than it had ever looked before, so he confined his attention to the office door, and because of this he didn't notice Annie Carmichael approaching. Just as he was about to go in he became aware of the rattle of her metal walker frame as she jerked it awkwardly ahead of herself. Leon looked up to find the small, parched old woman closing in on him, a woman with thinning blue hair and rimless bifocals and wearing a dumpy flower-print dress — just the kind of person he knew he didn't need right now. Her halting progress intensely annoyed Leon, who had a lot on his mind. He wanted to squeeze into the office and shut the door, but he'd let her get too close. He was forced to acknowledge her.
"Mrs. Carmichael?"
She carried a thick, disheveled Sunday paper under one arm, and she held a small cardboard square with pastel borders and a slight curve to it clutched in her gnarled fingers. She seemed agitated.
"Oh, Mr. Keck. Thank the Lord I found you. I think I — I. Oh, my —" She paused to catch her breath.
"Look Mrs. Carmichael, I'm very busy right now. I'm sure if you need something, Nurse Budka can —"
She moved closer, forcing him to back into the office a few steps. He cursed under his breath because now her walker was in the way of the door. There was no way to slam it without knocking the old bitch over.
"But Mr. Keck. It's just — you know about these things and I'm so — so — well I'm just not sure of anything any more and if you could just — if you could only —" She gulped spasmodically between her words.
"Really, Mrs. Carmichael. I have so much work to catch up on today —"
"But — but I think I've won. I think. If you could just — just check — oh, my goodness. I'm sorry, I didn't mean —"
Suddenly the entire Sunday paper leapt from under her arm and cascaded onto the office floor between them, sections unfolding clumsily. Leon felt himself starting to boil. He had to control himself to keep from picking her up and flinging her across the lobby.
"Look, I told you Mrs. —"
But now she held the card out to him, and Leon recognized it to be an Illinois Lottery ticket, from the Lotto drawing on Saturday. Had he heard somewhere that there had been several jackpot rollovers and that there was a big prize this week? At one time he used to buy a ticket every week himself, but then each week he had been so angry when he didn't win that eventually he decided it was better not to play at all. Still, there was an inevitable quickening of the pulse whenever the idea of winning the lottery crossed his mind — in fact, he seemed to get a wild, involuntary rush just looking at a lottery ticket.
"All I want — Mr. Keck, if you could —"
She sputtered and stuttered. What he had here, he decided, was a half-bald mummy with a skull full of short circuits trying to tell him something and not doing much of a job of it. Leon stared at the lottery ticket with rising curiosity, wishing he weren't so sleepy. Then he decided that the fastest way to get rid of her was to agree to whatever it was she wanted and get it over with. Lately this had become his tactic of choice.
"All right, all right, Mrs. Carmichael, I'll give you two minutes if you'll just stop fidgeting and tell me what this is about."
She clasped a bony hand to her breast, resolute despite her excitement. She swallowed once more. "The Lotto, Mr. Keck. It's twenty-seven million dollars and I think I've won. But, well, I'm not sure I'm reading it correctly. I need new prescriptions on these glasses but I can't afford them. I asked the doctor the last time he was here but he wouldn't answer me, so I asked Mildred if she would —"
Connections began to be made in Leon's brain. Just a few at first — he had to remember that all these old people were down to running on one spark plug and you couldn't trust anything they said — but what if...? He yanked the Lotto ticket from her hands and read it carefully. Yes, it was Saturday's date all right, and there were series of numbers, six across by two down — a dollar's worth. And now Annie slid her walker to the side and lowered herself to her hands and knees to look for the section of newspaper that carried the winning lottery numbers.
"It was here. I had it here, open to the page. Oh dear. I'm sorry. I'll find it, Mr. Keck. It's these glasses —"
Despite his cynicism, Leon found his hand shaking. He leaned an elbow against the open door to steady himself. Jesus, he thought, this old biddy here? Nobody won these lotteries — they were just a scam for the State to rip you off. The State? Oh, yes, my friend the State, he thought. Wouldn't that be a kick in the ass...?
Annie struggled back to her feet. "Here it is, I found it. I just — I'm not sure I'm reading it right is all."
She offered him the section with the lottery winners, the page folded open so he could read it. Leon took the paper and held the ticket against it with its edge just below the winning number, wondering if... Oh Jesus God Almighty! The second series of numbers on the ticket was a match — direct hit! Oh Jesus! The roar inside Leon's ears was so loud he could hardly think. And Annie Carmichael stood silently in front of him, expectantly blinking through her bifocals, waiting for his analysis. There was so much to think about, and no time at all to do it. But he tried. He began wrestling against his sluggish mind, bending it to new ideas, his face contorting as if there were a squirrel loose in his jowls.
And then the idea was born — just that quickly — and he knew exactly what to do. He forced a sad smile into his cheeks and wrinkled his chin, shaking his head slightly.
"Oh, I'm sorry, Mrs. Carmichael. Boy, you really better get those glasses fixed for sure. You're off by three numbers here. But I can see how you'd make the mistake. The numbers look so much alike the way these damn computers print 'em. Tough luck, though."
The old woman didn't seem too upset, as though she was used to disappointment, but she seemed to shrink a little, appearing smaller than she had just moments ago.
"Oh well, I thought so. That's why I wanted you to check it, with your young eyes."
"I'm happy to help, Mrs. Carmichael. Anything I can do for our residents here I'm glad to do. It's just too bad it really wasn't a winner. Wouldn't that have been something?"
Leon turned slightly, trembling, expecting Mrs. Carmichael to take the hint and begin marching her apparatus back out of the doorway. But she stood still, watching him.
"Eh. Is there anything else, Mrs. Carmichael?"
"Well, I know it's silly, but — well, even though I never win, I always keep the tickets. My husband — when he was alive we always played the lottery together, and the tickets — they remind me of — of him. You understand. I'm a foolish, sentimental old woman, I know."
So close. Leon was so close he could almost taste the Mai Tais in Tahiti, or the pastry desserts along the Seine, anywhere that his stomach might take him. If he could just play it carefully this one time, he thought, just once, then all of that other, the crap from all the rest of his life, would be canceled out and he would be free. Free. The feeling was dizzying. But there was this one thing left to do.
"Oh, you must have piles of them by now, Mrs. Carmichael. I'm sure one more or less won't make any difference, and it's just as easy for me to toss it out here in the office. I'll even gather up the newspaper for you. Wouldn't you like me to do that? Save your knees? No problem at all."
She still didn't move. He stared at her, realizing that the old bitch wasn't going to give in. What's it going to take here? he wondered.
"I'm grateful for your help, Mr. Keck, but really — I would like to have all the tickets for my collection. If I miss any it's — it's like being unfaithful to Horace — in a way. I know it seems foolish, but you can understand."
She leaned forward over the walker, reaching out toward the ticket buried in Leon's hand. Instinctively he concealed it behind himself. He fumbled for a pants pocket — there had to be a pocket back there somewhere. The adrenaline he'd been pumping for the last several minutes had cleared his mind, wakened him. Fresh new ideas grew like grass.
"You know, Mrs. Carmichael, I didn't want to mention it, but there are certain rules about how much a resident can store here in the home. Now, I haven't seen your ticket collection, but it's just possible that you're storing more than the limit. You know what I'm saying? Until I can determine if you're under the limit I think I'd better hold onto this ticket. There's even fire regulations to worry about, all that paper."
The old woman refused to respond to his reasoning. She was trembling now herself, scraping and dragging closer to him.
"Mr. Keck, I want my ticket. I have to have it for Horace — he was my husband. It's the only way I can still be with him. Please."
Her voice came out higher pitched now, choked and urgent. He could see her eyes through the glasses, spread wide open, round and intense.
"I'm sorry. Until I inspect your room and determine if you're in violation of any rules of the home, I'll have to —"
"I want my ticket, Mr. Keck. Give me my ticket."
She lunged at his soiled shirt, as if to claw a path through him to the hand that still fumbled for a pocket. Not wanting to attract any attention Leon, started shoving her gently backward with his free hand while he examined what he could see of the lobby beyond the door and, finding no one, focused on the frantic old woman who was now slapping at him. Thank God, he thought, when he finally located a pocket and had the ticket safely concealed. Now he could use both hands to restrain her. He reached for her arms, allowing her to slap at him ineffectually until he held both of them tightly, though now she began to kick at him with surprising vehemence. With a grunt he lifted her. Holding her barely beyond kicking range, as if she were a puppet, he shook her roughly in mid-air. He had swung her out into the lobby when suddenly her flailing ceased. Puzzled, Leon leaned forward and frowned into her face, which was turning dark. She began to gag. Her features contorted into a hideous expression.
"Mrs. Carmichael? Jesus, Mrs. Carmichael?"
Uncertainly Leon lowered her, slowly and carefully until her legs touched the floor where they crumpled like ropes. Lower still and she was a listless heap of rags. There was no way Leon could bend all the way over to let her arms down gently. At belt level he let them loose to flop on top of her. Then, with a sickening finality, Mrs. Carmichael emitted a loud, sharp gurgle, like swamp gas forced up out of deep mud, and lay still. Leon gaped with astonishment.
"You killed her, Leon. I saw it."
"Wha —?"
Inexplicably, George Wilson was standing across the lobby, barely in sight. Leon, his mind a jumble, wondering vaguely how Wilson could have come along without being noticed, didn't move, couldn't move. Nor could he help staring down at the inert old woman at his feet. George approached gravely, knelt and pressed two fingers against Mrs. Carmichael's jugular vein. He held them for a moment before shifting up on one leg to face Leon.
"She's dead, Mr. Keck, and that's murder. And we're all witnesses."
We? Leon tilted his massive head forward, mouth ajar, and discovered another, and another, seven or eight elderly people hovering on the periphery, watching quietly. When they realized he had seen them they advanced. Clarissa was among them, and Mary and Isabel. Leon shuddered at the horror of seeing all these ancient, wrinkled, staring faces. Part of him wanted to break and run — part of him, that was, but not the part interested in long-term survival.
Mary suddenly left Isabel behind and came to crouch beside Annie Carmichael's body. She didn't touch the old woman, only spoke softly. "Annie. Oh, Annie." Some of the other women closed around her and held bunched-up hankies to their noses and eyes. Their quiet, almost soundless keening carried Leon to the brink of panic. He struggled to take control of himself.
"I didn't kill anyone. You must have seen it. She was hysterical. I was just trying to calm her down — just calm her down."
George remained expressionless. "Why'd you do it, Mr. Keck?"
"I didn't do anything. Aren't you listening to me? I was trying to calm her down, and she just died. Must have had a seizure or something." Is that the best I can do, Leon wondered, stand here and make excuses to these old crotches? God damn it, I didn't murder anyone. She just croaked.
George Wilson stood up now, surrounded by the residents. The others had backed away from the dead woman, and they all had that terrible accusing scowl on their faces.
"Why did you kill her, Leon?"
"I said I didn't —"
Leon hesitated, suddenly realizing there was something odd here. What about the lottery ticket? They wanted to know why he'd killed her — even though he hadn't killed her — and that meant they didn't know about the lottery ticket, because if they did they wouldn't be asking. Could this be true? For the second time this morning, Leon thought he saw a tiny patch of blue peeking through the gray. These old farts didn't know about the Lotto jackpot! There still might be a way out here, if he could just step carefully. He felt his confidence surge.
"Look, I'm saying I didn't do anything, and you're saying I did. So what do you want from me? Where do we go from here?"
No one answered immediately. The residents exchanged glances in various permutations and began speaking softly among themselves, too far away for Leon to catch any words. Mr. Wilson seemed to be the spokesman. One or two of them leaned close to him to whisper in his ear. Whisper, whisper, whisper, Leon thought. Shit. It brought him to the brink of panic again, all this whispering. Mr. Wilson listened, nodded, listened some more. When he spoke there was no hint in his voice of what they might have been saying.
"I was a policeman, Mr. Keck. I'm trained to be a very good witness. What we saw, you struck her and threw her on the floor. If we call the police and we all give our testimony — well, there's the death penalty in this state. You know that?"
Leon was perspiring a lot more than usual, cold droplets collecting on his forehead, but, while there was still a chance, he was going to go for it. He ran a forearm across his face to let his shirtsleeve sop up the sweat. Glancing down again, he wished someone would take the dead old lady away. Now that it had sunk in that she was dead, the way they were all standing there having a conversation over her body seemed ghoulish. He backed away slightly, all the time searching the old faces for an angle, something he could use.
"So why aren't you calling the police then?" Leon said.
George paused before replying carefully. "There is one other possibility."
"Yeah, that I didn't do it. I told you I didn't do it."
"Oh, you did it, all right. We all saw it."
Leon squinted at George Wilson, battling with his temper. "Look, I'm telling you I didn't. But just for the sake of argument, what's this other possibility?"
Again the old people exchanged glances. And this time it was Clarissa who spoke up.
"Mr. Keck, you must be aware that we live miserable lives here thanks to you. We have no say in who takes care of us, no say in the kind of food we eat, no way to lead meaningful lives of any kind, and we're not treated with respect by anyone —"
The last thing Leon needed now was a lecture. But he kept a straight face, thinking, You don't deserve any respect. All you deserve is dog food, and that's what I give you. What's the problem with that?
"And we know what you've been doing — feeding us dog food, sedating us, turning a blind eye when your own staff abuses us, taking money for yourself that was meant to provide services to us. We've witnessed it all — we have proof. You're a despicable person, Mr. Keck. You deserve to go to jail for what you've done, and not just for murder."
Leon's eyebrows rose. How the hell did they find out all that shit? They're supposed to be dummies, not mind readers. "Hey, now, lady, wait just a —"
But Clarissa continued, "There's only one way we'll let you get away with murder, Mr. Keck" — the others nodded and murmured in solemn agreement —"and that's if we take complete control of the home — of Meadowvale Nursing Home — from now on."
Without thinking, Leon bristled. "What? What is this? How the hell can you have complete control? I own this place."
George piped in. "Be careful, Mr. Keck. Don't forget you're a murderer."
"God damn it, I'm not a mur — all right, all right. So what's the bottom line here? What're we saying?"
Clarissa finished her statement. "We've talked it over and we want you to turn over complete ownership to the residents. We'll form a corporation and you can put the ownership in its name. Then we're in charge — in charge of our own lives."
George Wilson drove the bargain home. "And you're not sitting on Death Row for murder, if you get our point."
During all of this, something had been happening to Leon, gradually but steadily. The lottery ticket in his pocket had begun to radiate, causing his butt to tingle like what he thought a chunk of uranium rock might do. Rays were shooting out from the ticket, piercing him with waves from the future, from somewhere near Monte Carlo or maybe from a Greek island with naked broads spread across the beaches like carpets. The rays had a magical effect on him, allowing him to think more clearly than ever before, simplifying his mental processes.
Summing up for himself then, Leon had on the negative side a nearly-broke nursing home about to be closed down by the State, a bank account that wouldn't take him past Peoria if he tried to run, and a bunch of half-dead zombies accusing him of murder. But on the positive side he had a pocket filled with $27 million. Was there any question? The positives win. There was only one thing he wanted to do, just to be sure he wasn't dreaming.
"Listen, I gotta think. Give me a few minutes in my office, okay? Maybe we can work something out."
He began to retreat, then hesitated, gesturing toward Annie Carmichael's limp form.
"Could you — maybe move her somewhere in the meantime?"
"Oh, no. We couldn't do that, Mr. Keck. You never move the body of a murder victim."
Leon glared at them. "Right."
Inside the office, with the door partly closed against Annie's body, Leon stood at his desk, too nervous to take the time to sit. He held the telephone receiver to his ear and tapped out 411. When the information operator answered he asked for the number to call to verify winning lottery numbers, then promptly hung up and dialed it. He was answered by a recorded message, and he followed the numbers on the card in his hand as the voice read them off. One, two, three, four, five, six. Yes, they were all there, six in a row. And that crazy old woman hadn't signed the back of the ticket or anything. It was his, free and clear. He drew a long breath, looked at the ceiling, patted his oily hair smooth, and felt himself calming. Then he noticed Jenny Keck's face staring out at him from the photo he had recently resurrected. He leaned down and batted it away, into the clutter again where it belonged.
"I didn't need you before, Ma, and I don't need you now."
There was just one more call to make, to Arnie Sharpe, his lawyer. He dialed the number, thinking that the skinny little shyster better be in the office if he knows what's good for him. Leon wondered if the State intended to impose fines on the owners of Meadowvale Nursing Home, whoever they might be, and the possibility excited him: the owners, whoever they might be. 


Chapter 30

It could have been called a punishment of sorts. In any case that's what Raymon and Shazz were calling their assignment to watch the Meadowvale Nursing Home from unmarked cars. Shazz was parked across the street in front, and Raymon was around the block, behind the building. If only they had been warned that the old lady was some kind of professional they would have stayed with her more closely. They kept telling anyone who would listen that it hadn't been their fault that they lost Molly Friend. But no one seemed to care, and so here they were watching an old people's home, looking for the same old lady again, or anything else "suspicious." What could be suspicious, Shazz wondered, an old man being robbed of his uppers at gunpoint? The assignment was going to be long and dull. Shazz had already slopped puddles of grease onto the car's upholstery from a leaky submarine sandwich, and he was out of cigarettes. But his biggest problem was that from this distance all of the old women coming and going looked about the same, even wore the same clothing. Sometimes he had to hunch down and examine their faces through binoculars to be sure he didn't miss Molly Friend — again. And he absolutely didn't want to miss her again. They'd probably reassign him to some clerical job counting paperclips if that happened. He'd never see daylight for the rest of his career.

***

In their car on the way back from checking on Shazz and Raymon, Detectives Matthews and Pickard agreed that the Granny Frag operation definitely centered on the Meadowvale Nursing Home. Matthews even thought he had the motive all worked out, as if it weren't obvious. Now what he wanted to do was determine whether his partner had come to the same conclusions, but without prompting him. There were some disturbing aspects to the case that later on might force them to deviate from normal procedure, and it would be important for them to be together on this. But up until now the two of them had confined their communicating to a factual assessment of the situation, with no hint of personal involvement, maybe to give their feelings time to develop. Matthews would have to approach his partner casually. He especially wanted his partner to confirm a hunch he had about some of the particulars of what had been happening at the home.
Matthews decided to start his assault on Scott Pickard with an end run. "Your folks doing okay down in Arizona?"
Pickard continued to drive without taking his eyes off of the road. "You worried about my folks now?"
"Well, you said your dad's been sick. What are they, seventy-two -three, in there?"
"My dad's seventy-two, my mom's seventy-one."
"Like I said. Not too many more years they'll be right up there, huh?"
They pulled up to a red light and Pickard stopped the car more abruptly than necessary. As the two of them rocked gently forward, he turned to Matthews. "Brian old buddy, if there's a point to this I'd appreciate you getting to it. You know and I know we're not having an idle chat here. You want to tell me something, say it right out."
"I was only wondering, when they get a little further along — your folks, I mean — will you be thinking about maybe putting them in a home — say if one passes on and the other can't hack it alone?"
"What you really want to know is would I let them go to a dungeon like that Lakeside place? Is that it?"
"I was just wondering how you felt about it."
The light turned green and Detective Pickard stepped on it, squealing away, then feathered his touch on the pedal. They cruised for a block or so listening to the jabbering coming over the police radio. Finally he answered.
"I gotta tell you, Brian, that place made me want to puke."
"Me too. You see some of the bruises on those old ladies?"
"I kept seeing my own mother layin' there, helpless, with those scumbags working her over."
"And if the poor old bastards try to get away, go out even for a while, there's more scumbags on the street ready to beat on 'em."
"And, shit, we can't be everywhere protecting them. It's impossible."
"Kind of gets you thinking, doesn't it?"
"Thinking what?"
"Well, like if it wasn't for them breaking the law the way they are, you might almost find yourself cheering for Granny Frag."
Pickard glanced over at Matthews, who stared blankly ahead. He waited a moment, lowering his chin as if he were deciding something.
"Yeah, almost," he mumbled. "You could almost cheer for the old gal."
Matthews smiled.

***

Arnie Sharpe was feeling infinitely sorry for himself because he'd been unlucky enough to be in his law offices — really just a large rented closet in the back of a stationery store on Dempster Street — on Monday morning. Leon Keck had located the counselor by phone and ordered him over to Meadowvale Nursing in half an hour, and Arnie, always intimidated by Leon for reasons he could never quite articulate, felt compelled to obey.
Arnie arrived at Meadowvale Nursing to find the fat man in his office — his mother's old office — which now looked as if a bomb had gone off in it. Everything was on the floor broken. And if that wasn't enough, there were old people jammed in, waiting for Arnie. And to put the frosting on the cake, Leon Keck insisted that Arnie make up a binding agreement right on the spot to transfer ownership of Meadowvale Nursing Home to the old people who were supposed to be forming their own corporation for the purpose. Arnie thought he might have walked into an insane asylum by mistake the way everybody was acting. He tried repeatedly to take Leon aside and talk some sense into him, but each time the big man would scream at him a little louder.
"Enough Arnie! I don't want any more shit from you! These good people are here to make a deal and that's what we're gonna do. You understand? Just sit down and make out the papers. Now! Okay? You're working for me, don't forget. You do like I say."
Arnie shrugged, thinking, Just sit down and make out the papers? Why not ask a brain surgeon to pick up a letter opener and take a little off the top? How the hell, he wondered, was a lawyer supposed to draw up a contract like this, without warning, without books and references? All he was able to do, ultimately, was cobble together some leftover standard agreement forms that he found in his briefcase, and he knew if it were ever challenged in court they'd be better off flipping a coin than letting a judge or jury decide. And the strangest thing was that the old people already had a corporation set up among themselves, which didn't seem like the kind of thing you'd do on a whim. And they were adamant about getting certain highly technical clauses inserted into the agreement. Maybe one of them was a retired lawyer or something. Well, what did it matter to Arnie? A scrawny little lawyer didn't try to cross a client who was big enough to squash him like a bug. And after all, it wasn't Arnie's business enterprise being given away, it was Leon's.
And so Arnie sat at the desk, safe in the protective shadow of his aloofness, typing with two fingers on the old IBM Selectric that Leon had dredged up, and by the end of the session he was beyond questioning anything. Nor did Leon seem to understand that the whole procedure was straight from the Twilight Zone, or if he did, he didn't care. Arnie felt as if he were living through a scene right out of one of those goofy science fiction shows.
Three hours after he arrived and five minutes after all the copies of the agreement had been executed, Arnie remained at the battered desk while Leon stood by the door, cordially seeing the elderly residents out. When the last, a retired black cop, had departed, Leon turned to Arnie with a frightening grin on his face.
"Okay now, Arnie Sharpe, we're gonna see who's really sharp here. You're gonna see how a real master operates. You and me are gonna take a little ride. I want you to be in on this."
A ride, Arnie thought with dismay. He had appointments today. He needed to be in court this afternoon. But Leon Keck had this temper, and, as usual, Arnie was too terrified to argue with him.
Leon seemed to read his mind. "Hey, don't sweat it, Arnie. You're my itty-bitty buddy, and I'm looking out for you. This little trip is going to earn you the biggest fee you ever collected."
Arnie tried to smile. Such heartfelt generosity should have helped him to breathe more easily, but it didn't.

***

The agreements had been signed and witnessed. George Wilson herded the group to the rear of the home and outside into the parking lot where the Colonel watched over Annie Carmichael's body. Annie was laid out respectfully across the back seat of his Buick, skirt tucked in tightly around her legs for modesty. George instructed Clarissa to trail behind and keep watch on Leon, ready to signal if any attempt was made to approach them. And now, with the Colonel's squad gathered around, George handed over the documents to his commander and delivered his short report.
"Sir, stage one completed as planned. Ready to implement stage two."
"Good work, soldier. Now we have to hurry. You all know what's next, so let's move out."
Even though George knew it all had been planned, and that everyone had a part in what had to be done, there was something disconcerting about seeing Annie stretched out in the back seat. He noticed that Mary in particular seemed to be experiencing a certain pang of sorrow. She abandoned Isabel momentarily to walk over to Annie. As she did, an unfamiliar voice broke into their circle.
"Hold it. Let me in there. Police. Just stay where you are."
George closed his eyes, thinking, Great, now some cop is butting in. He knew how these things went. The man probably saw them carrying Annie and decided it was suspicious behavior. At first George wondered how a cop happened to be back here, but really he knew. Hadn't he been on stakeouts just like this over the years? That gray Chevy halfway down the street with the driver's side door open might as well have had a sign posted: STAKEOUT. Why the hell hadn't he been looking for it? It was so obvious. I must be getting old, he thought. Getting old? Hell, I am old. But it was too late now. They would have some fast-talking to do. The policeman, dark-haired and unshaven, wearing civilian clothes, looked like a bum almost. He glanced behind Mary toward where Annie was lying, then addressed George for no good reason other than the fact that the Colonel had managed to vanish and George seemed like he might be in charge.
"What's going on here?"
Before George had time to make up an answer, Mary squeaked and flinched, fingers pressed to her lips, because suddenly Annie had sat up. She moaned, rubbing an ankle, and all eyes were on her.
"Oooh. That smarts."
The policeman looked confused.
"Are you all right, ma'am?"
"No, I'm not. I twisted my ankle and I must have fainted. It hurts."
George jumped in with the rest of the story. "That's right. Mrs. Carmichael just now fainted and we were taking her to have her ankle looked at. Is there something wrong, officer?"
The policeman inspected each of the old faces, finding nothing, and George could see that he was wondering how badly he'd screwed up by letting them know he'd been watching. George had been there years ago, too. It was a lousy feeling, blowing your cover. Oh well, he thought, when you're up against the pros... At least the young man had the brains to try to dig himself out.
"Okay, folks, well, I just happened to be passing by and I thought you might need help. Be sure you keep her warm. She could go into shock."
As they watched him retreat awkwardly, George became aware of the immense relief around him — not about the policeman leaving, rather about Annie. It had been decided at the outset that not everyone should know that Annie would be faking. That way the responses were likely to be more genuine. Only Clarissa and George knew beforehand that it had been an act. The others had been told only to meet in the lobby. When they could speak freely again, Mary moved back to embrace Annie.
"Annie, you wicked devil. You were wonderful. I was so upset. I don't think I've ever seen anyone die as well. You had everyone fooled."
"I was pretty good, wasn't I? Did you see how I held my breath?"
Mary called over to Isabel. "She's all right, dear. Annie didn't die."
Old Isabel snorted. "Oh, I caught the kid's act, all right. Not bad, but I knew it was a fake."
They were now frowning at Isabel who was obliged to clarify. She coughed dryly and tossed her head back. Her voice was a toneless rattle. "That dress is a monstrosity. No civilized woman would be caught dead in it." 


Chapter 31

Arnie Sharpe, sitting in the passenger seat of Leon's customized white Cadillac, felt like a little kid in a highchair. His feet dangled in mid-air in front of him, and he could touch the dash only by stretching forward against the pull of the seatbelt. Leon had had the front seats removed and deeper ones installed, and it was Arnie who had been called upon to arrange to have the $5000 cost considered a business expense for tax purposes. The seat modification had been necessary because Leon had never been able to squeeze behind the wheel of a standard model automobile of any kind. But this was the first time Arnie had actually seen it. What amazed him was that with all the extra room, and with Leon reclining at a forty-five-degree angle to reach the pedals, still that great belly chafed at the steering wheel. Arnie pulled his seatbelt tighter, uneasy about having so much room to slide around in.
Leon had been talking non-stop since they pulled onto the Outer Drive at Hollywood and started south toward the city.
"I bet you something, Arnie. I bet you deep down inside you always thought I was a stupid bum. Just a big fat slob with no brains. Am I right?"
Leon clapped a fleshy palm on Arnie's knee and went on.
"It's okay, Arnie. I know all about it. And I can't blame you. I'll tell you something. For a long time there I thought I was just a big dumb slob, too. Does that surprise you?"
"No Leon. I — I mean, yeah, Leon. I mean —"
"Poor Arnie. You got no imagination. Comes a time, you either got imagination and you use it or you don't. Hey, look at that, a Silver Ghost. I bet if I got one of them I wouldn't even have to have it modified. Lots of room in there, don't you think?"
They roared past the other traffic at more than twenty miles over the limit, and Arnie wished Leon would keep his eyes on the road instead of hanging out the window gawking at Rolls Royces — which he knew, by the way, Leon could never afford in a million years.
"No, Arnie, without imagination you know what you end up? You end up a skinny little pipsqueak lawyer without squat to his name. Sound like anybody you know?"
"Leon, where we going? I got appointments today, in court."
Arnie Sharpe wouldn't have wanted to be here even if he had nowhere else to go. Leon was starting to blather like a madman, and they were moving too fast for Arnie to jump out without getting hurt — if it should come to that. Finally, and to Arnie's blessed relief, Leon slowed around the bend past Oak Street Beach and pulled to the right into an exit lane. We must be going somewhere near Water Tower, Arnie thought, but still he didn't know where. They waited for a green turning arrow.
"You only got one appointment, my friend, and that's with me. And believe me you'll be happy you made it. You're gonna get into some big bucks — megabucks — and you're gonna see what imagination can do. I see you as maybe Lawyer-in-Chief of Keck Enterprises, something like that. How does that sound?"
Arnie sure wished he knew what Leon was talking about. The light changed, and now they were off the Outer Drive and snaking through the streets, past Northwestern University's Chicago campus, past the hospitals, heading toward Michigan Avenue. With each block the traffic — cars and pedestrians — grew worse, and suddenly it was bumper-to-bumper. In this area, with all the shoppers and tourists mixed in with the people who lived and worked here, you just had to give it up and crawl, but Leon didn't want to play by the rules. Rounding one corner he nearly flattened a baby carriage being guided into the crosswalk by a young, smartly dressed North Side mother. She screamed as she fell backward on her butt against the curb, hauling the carriage over top of herself in a panic. A young guy in a leather jacket ran after the Cadillac for a few feet, waving and shouting, but he quickly gave up. Arnie twisted around in his seat to see if the lady was all right, and he thought he could make out carriage tracks on her beige trench coat. The young man was helping her up.
"Leon, slow down for Christ's sake, you almost hit somebody."
"Don't sweat the small stuff, buddy. You're not listening to me. You got imagination, you don't need to sweat the small stuff. Relax, we're almost there."
Leon took a right turn onto St. Clair and they sailed down half a block. He pulled up along the curb and shut off the engine. Behind them angry drivers honked their horns.
"You're in a tow away zone, Leon."
"Let 'em tow it. Ashtrays are full anyway, fucking peasants. No imagination."
Though there was public parking not thirty feet away, Arnie decided not to mention it. Leon had already heaved his massive corpus into the street, blocking the only other lane the traffic behind could use to pass. Frantic honking now mingled with angry shouts, but Leon only laughed and without looking flashed the bird at no one in particular. Shaking his head, trying to disassociate himself, Arnie scuttled across the street in Leon's wake and followed him toward an office building with a solid red canopy outside. That was where they were going all right, but Arnie still hadn't any idea to which office or for what. This was certainly not a low rent shack, though. After a jog through a cavernous lobby trying to keep up with the fat man, Arnie found himself being carried to the twentieth floor in a plush elevator paneled with hardwood slats. The car hissed to a stop and Leon plunged into the hall, turning to Arnie with a flourish.
"Here we are, counselor. Now, get ready for the surprise of your life. From now on you're dealing with the big time."
Leon whipped out something — a lottery ticket? — and held it too close to Arnie's eyes for him to read. Arnie pushed Leon's arm back to a distance where he could focus.
"Read 'em and weep, Arnie boy."
Down at the end of the hall, beside an office door, was a small plaque bearing the legend, "Illinois State Lottery, Office of the Director." Leon raced toward it, holding the ticket aloft, with Arnie following, fascinated now as if he were a dog being teased along with a biscuit. Could it be? Leon a lottery winner? Arnie wasn't sure if the idea should make him happy or terrify him.
The pretty secretary seated at the desk just inside was all smiles, at first. Who wouldn't be, Arnie thought, with a job where you give people millions of bucks? He laughed to himself, trying to imagine an unhappy customer. The entire office exuded happiness: a long sign across a wall partition proclaimed "Illinois State Lottery," and below it, on a narrow shelf, happy dolls in the costumes of various nationalities posed as dancers, their bodies piercing white spheres the size of mush melons, each bearing a black letter from the word 'lottery'. Dancing lottery balls — happy, happy. But now Leon was here.
"Hey, sweetheart, how ya doin'? So where's your boss? We got a big winner here, and I do mean big."
Leon bellowed at his own joke. All the stops were out. The secretary's smile had begun to fade as she glanced briefly at Arnie, probably hoping that one of the two might be normal. She faced Leon again.
"You're here to claim a prize?"
"Not a prize, honey. The prize. The big one — twenty-seven mil. Let's get a move on it. Time's wasting, and there's twenty-seven million little babies who need their daddy."
The girl seemed oddly worried the way Leon waved the ticket around in the air. Arnie noticed this and began to get a queasy feeling himself. Something was not kosher here. Quickly the secretary buzzed the intercom, which he could hear being answered by a woman in a cubicle at the other end of the room. Leon heard it, too.  To cut through any further red tape, the big man waddled down and opened the half-door to find a startled middle-aged woman. The sign on the door read, "Mildred Wengmeyer, Notary Public."
"Hey, I'm here. Leon Keck, millionaire."
"Excuse me sir, but —"
"Oh, we don't have to go through a bunch of formalities, do we? Here's the ticket. I checked and double-checked the numbers. Just show me where to sign. We can finish this up in no time, I'm sure."
Leon thrust the lottery ticket at her. Arnie Sharpe strained to see around him from behind, to see what was going on. All the air had leaked out of the happy atmosphere he had sensed when they first came in, but he couldn't be sure yet if it was because of Leon's crude behavior, or something else. The woman, obviously rattled in her gray wool gabardine suit, reluctantly accepted the ticket and glanced at it. Then she studied it more closely, comparing it with a list of numbers on her computer monitor. She turned back to Leon, careful to choose the right words, clearly not wanting to choose any.
"Well, sir, the lottery numbers match, but — well, the agent number isn't right, and the winner already came forward in Springfield — an hour ago. According to the computer there was only one winner, and the ticket was purchased in Springfield. How did you get this?"
Leon barely hesitated, continuing with a forced patience. "No, no. What we have here is a winning ticket, see? Tell her, Arnie, you're a lawyer. The six numbers match and that's what you need. Computers can be wrong. Hell, I get mixed up bills all the time from all over the place. Everybody does. Computers are always screwing up."
The poor woman just looked at him. Arnie pitied her, squirming in her seat with this mountain of flesh towering over her. He could tell that Leon was beginning to cook in his brainpan. He'd seen it before. With great reservation he made a courageous attempt to forestall the inevitable.
"Eh, Leon, could we speak privately?"
"No, Mr. Smartass Lawyer, we can't speak privately because there's nothing to talk about. I got a winner here, and they're trying to fink out on me. Lady, do the numbers on this ticket match the winning numbers, or don't they?"
"Well, the game numbers do, sir, but —"
"Good. We agree on that. Now when you match the numbers, you win. Isn't that right?"
She had slowly rolled her chair as far into the corner of the cubicle as it would go, and it wasn't far enough. "Not exactly. The computer prints out the agent number, where the ticket was purchased —"
Leon began to exhibit the first symptoms of his familiar rage. Arnie noticed that the young secretary had left the office. That wasn't good. He wondered if he shouldn't do the same.
"Wrong! Wrong answer!" Leon growled.
Arnie winced. Here it comes. Leon pounded a ham on the desk. The phone and the books and a loaded vertical separator went crashing to the floor. The computer monitor teetered precariously, and Mildred Wengmeyer looked as if she were going to wail like a baby. She choked back a sob, pressing her back to the wall, shaking pitifully, unable to believe this was happening to her.
"I got a legitimate fucking Lotto ticket here, with six legitimate winning numbers, and I want my fucking twenty-seven million dollars! Do you fucking understand me? You're just like my goddamn mother — trying to screw me out of what's mine. You're all alike — you hear? — bitches like you."
This time a lumbering arm swept away whatever else was left on the desk, and Leon leaned forward, propping his stomach on the empty surface. The woman slid in slow motion from her chair to the floor.
"I want my money, bitch! No old bitch is going to cheat me again. Not this time."
Arnie knew he should be doing something, but he simply couldn't justify confronting a man who outweighed him by nearly three hundred pounds. He contented himself with vacillating in place. His heart went out to the woman cowering there with her eyes and prim mouth rounded in terror. Leon shoved closer to the woman, moving the desk under his weight, while through the outer glass door Arnie caught a glimpse of uniformed policemen charging toward them, guns drawn. He stepped backward and waved them in as if he were hawking a parking lot for a Cubs game.
"Twenty-seven million, bitch! It's my money and I —"
"Hold it right there, sir. Police. Keep your hands where we can see them and turn around slowly."
The poor frightened woman saw the guns and squeezed her eyes tightly shut, hunching deeper into the corner. It bothered Arnie that there were only two policemen. They looked tough enough, but he'd have felt a lot safer with an dozen. Leon could be pretty fearsome when he got worked up. The enraged giant straightened slowly, pushing himself upright from the savaged desk. They could see only his back so far, but they were staying well away.
"Easy now, big guy. Easy."
Arnie, having managed to remove himself from the path of potential violence, tried with facial gestures to soothe Ms. Wengmeyer who had bravely opened her eyes again, but she seemed to be misinterpreting him.  Her expression conveying that she thought he was as cuckoo as Leon. And now, suddenly, Leon turned all the way around, facing the officers. One of them had holstered his gun and approached with handcuffs. When Leon saw those, he lost it completely. He lunged at the nearest cop, taking him up by the shoulders as if he were one of those dancing lottery dolls.
Leon roared. The officer flying through the air roared. The one with the gun hadn't anywhere to shoot and was busy dodging the one flying through the air. Ms. Wengmeyer shrieked, and now Leon raged forward to stomp all over the tangled policemen, kicking at their heads. They were down, they were out, and the only person between Leon and the door was Arnie Sharpe, and he was there only because he couldn't get out of the way in time. Arnie raised his hands to protect his face while Leon pummeled him, bumping him farther and farther back.
"What kind of a lawyer are you? You idiot! Let me give everything away for a forgery? A fake ticket? Why didn't you stop me? What's the matter with you, you fucking idiot?"
"I tried to stop you, Leon. You remember, I said it didn't seem right, but you wouldn't listen."
It really hurt, the way Leon was pounding him. Arnie had never been so frightened in his life, and Jesus, he couldn't seem to get away.
"You said diddly shit! You stood there and let them rob me. Did they pay you? Were you in on it? You were in on it, weren't you?"
"Leon, honest to God, I don't know anything about it. You made me do it."
"I made you. Like this did I make you? Or like this? How did I make you, you little shit? Like this?"
Pounding and slapping, bumping against the wall, his head, his hips. It felt as if something had broken, and Arnie didn't think he could take any more. He was right. He passed out, which was probably what saved his life. Leon dropped him and wheeled around to face Ms. Wengmeyer who still cringed behind her desk. Suddenly Leon's face contorted into a hideous lopsided grin as something seemed to dawn. Rolling his eyes toward the ceiling, he raised a pudgy finger and said calmly to her, "Wait a second. Yeah, I get it now. Shit. I know who did this to me. And I know right where the fucker is."
He brushed himself, straightened his shirt, tucking it unevenly into his impossible waist, and calmly retreated as though nothing had happened, pausing only briefly to send the dancing white lottery ball dolls crashing to the floor.


Chapter 32

The Colonel had been more than generous with Benny and Clarissa. As a gesture of repentance for having brought on Benny's heart attack, though he hadn't actually admitted it, he purchased for them a four piece matching set of luggage — not Louis Vuitton, but not junk either. It was the least he could do. After all, because of Benny the residents now shared ownership of the entire nursing home. And in truth he hadn't done it only out of guilt. As far as he was concerned there were military ways to do things and non-military ways, and the Colonel preferred the former, except that in this case the non-military way had proven to be the most effective. And because of that he had developed a deep respect for Benny. And, too, Benny's performance had ultimately justified the Colonel's own tactics in recruiting him, however unscrupulous his methods.

***

Right now Clarissa was in her room packing, and Benny was here in his room packing his few possessions into the new luggage, filling in with newspapers where there was room left over so no one would suspect the cases were nearly empty. The Colonel sat across from Benny, on his own bed, fondling a small oiled cloth bag that he had brought in from the trunk of his old Buick. Neither of them had much to say to each other — not out of any animosity, but because there wasn't anything important to say. What had to be said had been said, what had to be done had been done — except for one last thing. 
And now they were waiting for the unavoidable second phase of the plan to begin, feeling something much like stage fright, but deeper, more grave. Benny explained to the Colonel that the second phase, where the mark returns for a final desperate and outraged confrontation, was sometimes the most critical — and dangerous. Often the con man could avoid it by simply disappearing, but in a case like this, where it was impossible to escape, there was always a confrontation. How it proceeded depended heavily on the character of the victim. Leon was the victim, large and unpredictable, possibly even deranged, and that was why Benny and the Colonel were jittery.
The Colonel watched Benny pack his books, his clothing, the few small items he'd managed to retain through his recent reversals of fortune. When it was all tucked away, Benny closed and latched the two bags and stood them against the wall.
"I'll return in a few minutes, Colonel. I want to be sure Clarissa is ready."
The Colonel looked up but didn't reply, didn't even nod. It was like this in France a long time ago. He could remember the feeling as though it had happened yesterday. In a way, for him it had. Back then there were Gestapo everywhere, watching, waiting, hoping the Colonel would make a mistake. Today there were Gestapo outside, hiding in unmarked cars, watching, waiting. One of them had been bold enough to show himself this morning, at the end of phase one of the operation. They'd been damned lucky their cover held. Oh, they were out there all right, the Gestapo. The Colonel sighed. Indeed, it could all as well have happened yesterday.

***

Leon Keck glowered behind the windshield, thinking about how he'd had to flatten the tow truck operator trying to haul his Caddy away. Stupid shit swung a wrench at him. But it only took a second. Now Leon was at the wheel and had already made it back onto Lake Shore Drive, heading north. He would be at Meadowvale Nursing Home in a few minutes.
He was aware that a subtle change had come over him. He felt strange now, the way he just floated along on automatic pilot. Twice in the last five minutes he'd had to slow down and crane around in his oversized seat, trying to see if there was someone in the car with him. He would hear this hideous giggling. But there was no one. Leon slapped at the radio, thinking it might have a short circuit — or a loose fan belt could sound like that. Yeah, that must be it.
The traffic alongside him seemed to be standing still, silent and ghostlike. On the one hand he knew where he was going and what he had to do. But on the other hand he seemed to be sitting back watching himself, a spectator to his own actions.
This was the same way he had felt a year ago, that night in the apartment when his mother Jenny Keck, the saint, had been trying to bring in those hanging plants from the balcony. She'd leaned way out over the wrought iron railing, fiddling with the wires that bound the pots. "Leon, be a dear and bring me a trash bag, would you? I've spilled some dirt on the carpet. And the broom too, that's a good boy." Leon had just then flopped down onto the couch and had to think for a long moment about hauling himself back up. He pretended not to hear her.
But then something happened. Had a wire broken? Or had she lost her footing on the carpet, in the loose dirt maybe? When Leon looked up all he could see was a pair of hands straining at the railing, and he could barely hear Jenny Keck whimpering, or if she cried out, her voice had been swallowed up by the night. All Leon had to do was roll himself out of that couch, go over and take hold of her hands. There was nothing to think about. But Leon hesitated. And suddenly he was outside himself. He sat on the couch watching, watching himself thinking about getting up.
And then he did stand up, with great deliberation, still watching himself. He made it to the balcony just in time to see the puzzled expression on Jenny's face as she lost her handhold and dropped. They were on the sixth floor.
That was the movie he always saw in his mind, and it played again for the thousandth time. Leon watched, and Jenny had such a puzzled expression on her face as she flew off into space. She hadn't even cried out. That had surprised Leon. Had she been so dumfounded by his colossal laziness? Was that it? Speechless, she fell to her death because he was too lazy to get up off the couch.
Afterward no one even suggested he had anything to do with it, the way he'd always been so devoted to her. And all the neighbors remembered how she used to hang way out and fuss with those plants. She hung out too far, was all. What a tragedy — a tragic accident.
Leon played the scene over and over again, watching Jenny fly off into space. Only now, driving along, he could see his own fortune flying away with her. No French Riviera, no Rio, no liver dumplings in the Black Forest, just — nothing, all gone into empty space. His belly felt so empty. But he couldn't pull over to eat yet. Not yet.
And so, here he was again, watching himself, watching himself drive carefully to the home, keeping to the speed limit, watching himself stop carefully at each red light along Hollywood, then Ridge, then Clark. Crossing Howard he entered Evanston. He watched himself as the familiar rage grew, the driving became more erratic. Only three blocks to go, two...

***

Shazz, parked near the front of Meadowvale Nursing Home, had his feet up on the dash and a black felt hat tugged down over his eyes. He was pretending to be asleep, although he wasn't. Yet at another, subtler level, he was pretending not to be asleep, although he was. This was the kind of game he played with himself on these long, boring stakeouts. Earlier this morning he'd heard from his partner Raymon that something might be happening at the rear entrance to the home, but it turned out to be a false alarm. Big surprise. Shazz had convinced himself that this entire assignment would turn out to be a false alarm.
But that was before this big white Caddy came barreling up the street and shuddered to a halt at a crazy angle right in front of the home. Shazz sat up, tilted the brim of his hat back to see better. And now a red-faced giant pulled himself out of the car. Without bothering to shut the door the big man lumbered up to the home and barged his way in. Was this what Shazz was supposed to consider suspicious behavior? It didn't look normal. And the guy wasn't particularly old, that was for sure. Shazz decided to cover his ass on this one. He reached for the radio just as several elderly residents came running out, or at least hurrying out, where the big man had gone in. Uh oh, Shazz thought. He would definitely have to check it out. He had himself patched through on the radio to Raymon and the two of them agreed to meet at the ground floor entrance right away. He left a message for Detectives Matthews and Pickard, too, but they were out somewhere and probably wouldn't receive it any time soon.
Shazz scrambled out of the car, feeling for the revolver in the shoulder holster beneath his leather jacket. That big fat guy looked pretty steamed up. This time Shazz hoped it really was a false alarm.

***

Grace Budka watched Leon charge into the home, but she was so agitated that she didn't notice him frothing at the mouth. She ducked out under the hinged leaf in the counter top at her cubbyhole, in too much of a hurry to raise it, and tried to intercept him by placing herself in his path. She was adamant.
"Mr. Keck, something awful has been going on. The residents have gone mad. They tell me they own the home and I'm fired. It's so upsetting. They won't leave me alone. Will you please tell them if they don't behave you'll —?"
Leon didn't bother to slow down. He just walked through her as if she weren't there, staring straight ahead, eyes bugged out maniacally. Nurse Budka caromed off of his stomach and executed a passable half gainer over the two filthy back-to-back couches. Lying with her back on the floor, feet up on a cushion, she couldn't seem to grasp the cataclysmic changes in her universe. Her white hat, crumpled and unpinned, hung limply over her face. Two elderly residents, who had witnessed her bowling over, gasped and pressed at their chests. Moments later they were hobbling out to the street, clucking like ruffled chickens. Nurse Budka panicked when she couldn't put her hands on the Bible she knew had been in her pocket. Filled with apprehension, she flailed out and located it on the floor beside her. But now, for the first time since her rebirth unto Jesus, she was reluctant to open it, reluctant to discover what monumental sin she must have committed to deserve such punishment.

***

The elevator rocked and shimmied under Leon's restless weight. When the doors began to slide open at the top floor, he couldn't wait and shoved them hard into their recessed slot with both hands. Something mechanical snapped leaving the panels to twitch helplessly, unable to close. Nothing was going to stop Leon, or even slow him down. He was already halfway to Benny's room where the door stood open. Inside he could see Benny sitting on his bed. There's the one, he thought, Campbell, and that weird old fart Colonel Cobb on the bed next to him. Good, very good. He had them cornered. But then he realized something wasn't right here. They could see him coming but they didn't move. Why weren't they afraid? Shouldn't they be afraid? Leon slowed. Though he was trembling with rage, for a moment he couldn't quite remember why he was here. Something was eating away at his concentration, causing him to forget and remember things in a choppy way as if his thoughts were being refracted through a kaleidoscope. And, of course, interspersed were countless fractured images of Jenny Keck hanging from the balcony.

***

Benny indeed saw Leon coming, and he was afraid. He recognized this feeling from his past life. Over the last six decades he had left a long enough trail of outraged marks around the world. You came to know how to handle them. Still, Leon had to be the biggest sucker he'd ever had to confront, and there were all the signs of the unhinged victim, the most dangerous kind. Benny watched the sweat pouring off of Leon's face. The big man wheezed, chest heaving, eyes focused at a distance, meaning, Benny feared, that he was not in touch with the real, moral world at the moment. 
Leon paused at the mouth of the narrow chasm separating the two beds, apparently unsure how to navigate farther. Benny glanced at the Colonel, who stared impassively at Leon from behind his dark glasses, sitting perfectly still. The Colonel's deadly calm served only to increase Benny's anxiety.
Coming from that big puffy face, Leon's voice was surprisingly small and strained.
"Campbell —" Leon said. He swallowed hard, raised his eyes to the ceiling and back. He seemed to be having difficulty speaking.
Benny waited. His moustache was the only part of him to move, and it jumped from side to side.
"Campbell —" Leon repeated. He breathed spasmodically, blowing air into the tiny room in labored puffs.
Now, Benny thought. Now, before he goes out of control. "I want you to know something, Mr. Keck," Benny said, the words so calmly articulate that it wasn't clear that anything had been said at all.
Leon blinked. "What? Wha'd you say?"
"You're the worst kind of thief, Mr. Keck. I steal money from people who have money, and only because they're greedy enough to want more money. You, on the other hand, steal the hope and the dignity from people who have nothing else left. When you're through, your victims don't even have their lives."
Benny never felt more earnest, nor more right — a good feeling — a wonderful feeling. He watched Leon's meaty fists clenching and unclenching. He was vaguely aware of his own heart beating fiercely, and it worried him, but not as much as Leon worried him.

Leon's rage seemed to stutter. He wavered on the brink of rationality. "You — ruined everything."
"No, Mr. Keck, you ruined everything."
Strings of saliva formed and hung from Leon's lips. He swelled like a mighty ape.
For a big man Leon was fast. Rather than try to wedge his legs between the beds he catapulted himself straight toward Benny, diving forward to grab at his feet. Benny tried to twist away but there was nowhere to go. Leon was everywhere, and he wrenched Benny's ankles, jerking them hard. The bed trembled. Benny clawed at the bedstead for support, kicking and flailing, unable to shake Leon loose. Pain knifed through his ankle.
"Back off, mister!" the Colonel commanded. "Back off! I have a gun here. I'm ordering you to back off!"
He did have a gun. The Colonel had slipped it out of its oiled pouch when he saw that Leon was out of control. At first he only waved the gun vaguely in Leon's direction, hoping to frighten the big slob. "Back off dammit! You hear me? That's an order!"
But Leon wasn't hearing anything. Rolling to his right he found a solid foothold between the beds and managed to raise himself to his full height. With teeth clenched, lips drawn, mad animal sounds gurgling up from his throat, he lunged again. Benny, too stunned to move and having released his grip on the bed, was now unable to prevent Leon from lifting him completely free and smashing him backward against the window casing. Again and again Leon battered him against it. Its metal edge cut painfully into his shoulders and Benny moaned miserably. 
In the enclosed space the explosion from the Colonel's Luger was deafening. Leon flinched and stood up sharply, teetering backward. He let go of Benny, who slumped raggedly onto his bed. Chunks of plaster and dust trickled from the ceiling where the nine-millimeter slug had struck.
"Hands on your head, Fritz," the Colonel ordered.  "Mach schnell!" The Luger trained on Leon's massive belly hovered deadly still.
As much as he wanted to escape the room, to escape the stabbing pains in his back and ribs and battered limbs, Benny could only watch with hypnotic fascination as Leon revolved slowly toward the Colonel, gray smoke cloaking him like an atmosphere. "You can go to hell —" Leon growled.
The Colonel never wavered. "Last chance, Jerry. Put 'em up."
"You old piece of shit —" 
Like a marauding grizzly, Leon clawed his way across the Colonel's bed, and another blast rattled the windowpane as the Luger pumped more caustic smoke into the air. But this time flecks of blood spattered the sheets. Leon's eyes bulged as he toppled forward. Before the Colonel could react, Leon crashed massively down, smothering him like an avalanche.
Whether from the shock of the gunshot, the pain of the wound, or the sight of his own blood, Leon launched into a blind, flailing rage. He hammered at the Colonel's face, his body. The sunglasses split. The pistol flew against the wall and thudded to the floor. And Leon continued battering while the Colonel tried in vain to ward him off.
Over all the years, in all the angry confrontations, sometimes cornered with no obvious avenue of retreat, Benny had never resorted to violence. It wasn't in his repertoire. And yet, at this moment, with no reflection, no moral weighing, he knew exactly what he had to do. Leon was pummeling the Colonel mercilessly. It wasn't clear whether the old soldier was even conscious as Benny reached toward the Luger, one hand bracing his aching ribs — and then he felt the warm metal, wrapped his fingers around the butt, lifted it, aimed...
Just as Leon was poised to shatter the Colonel's head like a pile driver, a fountain of blood erupted from his right shoulder. Leon reared back in agony and Benny fired again. This time Leon's left shoulder exploded.
Leon screamed in manic fury, kicking out at anything in his path. Benny's bed flew up on edge. The bottom drawer of their shared dresser splintered. Leon raged against the walls, disabled arms swinging like rags, huge feet gouging a trail of craters in the plaster. In a panic, again and again Benny pulled the trigger, and everywhere blood spattered the walls in arcs and crescents.

***

The sounds of battle had attracted a crowd. A dozen or so residents jammed the end of the hall, with more on the way. Being the closest, the men were the first, among them George Wilson and old Mr. Bingham in his wheelchair. But the women had been filing in too from the one remaining working elevator, or up the fire stairs if they could walk. They took turns at the door to the Colonel and Benny's room, passing by as if they were viewing a diorama at the Field Museum of Natural History. Leon had collapsed on his back at the center of the room, motionless and staring, blood seeping from half a dozen wounds. And with Benny and the Colonel sitting like damaged statues, barely breathing, they might as well have been figures in a diorama: Eskimo Hunters With Walrus. After shaking the worst of the beating out of his head, the Colonel acknowledged his fellow inmates in a firm voice.
"Self defense. You all saw it."
"Yes, sir. He attacked you. You had no choice."
"We saw it all, Colonel. It was a clear case of self defense."
"He would have killed you. Anyone could see that."
George Wilson, looking in from the doorway, was probably the only one besides the Colonel who had ever seen the effects of violence up close, and he seemed unmoved. Even some of the residents who never thought they could look upon such gore seemed to be taking it philosophically. From down the hall they heard agitated voices where two men were hurrying toward them, shouting, carving a path through the spectators like an icebreaker.

***

"Stand back, please. Stand back. Police. Stand back. Out of the way please."
Shazz led waving his badge, just a step or two ahead of Raymon. They hadn't any idea what had gone on, but they knew something had. One of the elevators seemed to be out of order, and it had taken forever for the working one to get to the ground floor. And even then it had stopped at every floor to take on more elderly women until there wasn't any room left.
Shazz smelled cordite just as he stepped into the hall. He and Raymon exchanged looks of agreement and drew their guns, pressing forward cautiously.
And now they knew what all the fuss had been about.
"Jesus."
"Holy shit."
They gaped at the two old men huddled on beds at the far end of a narrow room — more like a closet, really, with furniture smashed and bent. At the center of the room lay a bloodied giant, the big man that Shazz had watched drive up in the white Caddy. The old men weren't making any effort to move. Maybe they were injured or something, in shock. At least one of them was smeared top to bottom with blood. Christ, Shazz thought, there's blood all over the walls and the floor. He spotted a strangely shaped automatic pistol of some kind hanging in the hand of the one wearing broken sunglasses. He raised his own revolver slightly, gripping it with two hands.
"Sir. Please put the weapon down. Gently, where I can see it."
The old man snapped on the safety and tossed his pistol out at Shazz's feet, forcing him to hop back to avoid being struck on the toes. Shazz turned to Raymon whose mouth still hung open.
"Go buddy. We need backup — ambulances, technicians, the works. I'm okay here. And get our friends Matthews and Pickard."
"I'm on it."
Raymon pushed his way back down the hall where he could use his radio undisturbed while the crowd tightened around Shazz again, curious and silent. Shazz was suddenly aware that he was wading chest deep in a geriatric sea, all these fuzzy gray heads, pink and brown scalps. He toggled his gaze back and forth between the old faces and his drawn gun, feeling inexplicably self-conscious, almost embarrassed. 


Chapter 33

A shooting always meant work, lots of reports and forms to fill out. But of course, after the shooting at Meadowvale Nursing Home, just when Detectives Matthews and Pickard's plates were dangerously overfilled, who decided to come traipsing into headquarters but their old friend Molly Friend, ready to make a full statement. Early in the morning on the first day of their scheduled question-and-answer sessions concerning the Leon Keck affair, Molly Friend arrived all smiles. She was accompanied by a group of residents from the home who had been called in for statements.
"Hi there, boys. Glad to see you again."
Without blinking, but, they noticed, without any arrogance either, she insisted they take her statement first. When they had her alone in the interrogation room she proceeded to relate the most outrageous story about how Leon Keck had been the one who forced her to carry the booby-trapped purses on pain of great bodily harm. Only now, with him out of the way, could she come forward and reveal the truth.
"My Lord, he said if I didn't go along with him he would break every bone in my body. Just like that he says to me, 'You don't do it, Molly, and I'll break every bone in your body.' Well, what could I do?"
Matthews took down every word, but he kept rolling his eyes and shaking his head during the telling. When she speculated that Leon Keck might have constructed the bombs in his office at the home, the detective knew he was being had again. He took a moment to discuss it with Pickard who then disappeared for a few minutes to dispatch some officers and a forensics technician. They would undoubtedly find bomb-building components in Keck's office, Matthews was absolutely sure of that.
The day of the shooting, Matthews and Pickard had arrived at Meadowvale Nursing Home just as a coroner's van was arriving. They spent the next several hours examining the scene along with the crime scene technicians and taking down the names and statements of eyewitnesses. And things only got worse later when the detectives began taking the follow-up statements from the residents and staff. Matthews had cringed when that weird head nurse, Bubkes or something, explained her theory that Mr. Keck had been driven mad by the old people somehow. She even hinted that they were all Satan worshippers who could summon the powers of the devil, though when pressed she had no evidence to back it up. One thing was interesting: she said that the residents claimed they now owned the home, that Mr. Keck had turned it over to them before he cracked up.
It took most of three days of interviews to unravel all the facts concerning the transfer of ownership of Meadowvale Nursing Home to a corporation controlled by the residents. The detectives pieced together the story of the deal from fragments of statements, and by checking with the Chicago Police Department, which had taken an interest in Mr. Keck for other reasons, principally a series of assaults in the Illinois Lottery office.
During his interview, the one who actually shot Mr. Keck — Mitchell Cobb, the one they called "The Colonel" — seemed at times non compos mentis, dipping in and out of reality:
"Would you tell us in your own words the events that led up to the shooting of Mr. Leon Keck?" Detective Pickard asked.
"You weren't supposed to bring them back, but I did anyway. Lots of the men did."
"Sir?"
"Lugers. They're a collector's item you know. Took mine off a dead Nazi."
"That's the gun you shot Mr. Keck with?"
"Of course it is. A collector's item."
"How did you happen to be in possession of this Luger at the time of the shooting?"
"Never without it. You don't know when a Nazi will break your cover."
"Are you saying you believe Mr. Keck was a Nazi?"
"Hell yes. A big Nazi. You can tell a Nazi a mile away. Stink of sauerkraut. That's something you never forget — like riding a bicycle."
"So you shot Mr. Keck because he was a Nazi?"
"Don't be a fool. I shot him because he was going to kill me."
"You're saying it was self defense, then?"
"It was self defense, son. My word as an officer."
Pickard paused to jot in his notebook. There was no disputing that the old man had been attacked. His face was a mask of bruises and one arm hung in a sling.
"Tell me, Colonel, why do you think Mr. Keck attacked you?" 
"Oh, he was always threatening me because I wouldn't go along with his illegal schemes. You can't trust a Nazi. They're all criminals at heart. Besides, he told everybody he was coming to get me that day."
"Even though Mr. Keck had no weapon, you felt he was enough of a threat that you needed a firearm?"
"Did you ever see Leon, son?"
"Yes, sir."
"Then don't ask foolish questions."
"Yes, well — did your roommate, Mr. — er — Benjamin Campbell, have anything to do with the shooting?"
"That goldbrick? He hasn't the guts to defend himself from a mosquito. If I wasn't there he'd be hamburger now. He should be kissing my feet."
"Then you thought that both yourself and Mr. Campbell were in danger of bodily harm from Mr. Keck."
"Have you been listening to me? Leon said he was going to kill me. He was crazy. A big crazy Nazi. But I know what to do with Nazis."
"Yes, sir. Are you familiar with a woman named Molly Friend who resides at the Meadowvale Nursing Home?"
"Molly Friend — Molly Friend — isn't she the one Leon was always after? There were a few of the woman he used to badger, trying to get them to do Nazi things, but we never knew what. The man was crazy, you know."
The interview lasted another fifteen or twenty minutes without introducing any further useful information. At one point, on a hunch, Detective Matthews asked the Colonel if he knew anything about the OSS. The old man shook his head and replied, "OSS? Wasn't that an intelligence organization? I really don't remember." Matthews sighed. It would be easy enough to check his service record if they decided they wanted to. By now the detective had developed an eerie feeling about the Colonel that stayed with him even after the old soldier saluted with his good left arm and marched from the interrogation room.
They interviewed Benjamin Harrison Campbell next. The old man had a rap sheet that looked like a history book, a broad retrospective of the world of confidence schemes culminating in a thirty-year stretch in Stateville. The only reason he'd been released was because of his heart — he wasn't expected to live much longer, and the social workers didn't think it was right that he die in prison. It must have been true. He looked very tired when Detective Pickard began the interrogation, and he seemed to wilt even further with each passing minute.
"Then you're convinced that Mr. Keck was going to kill you?"
"Absolutely. The Colonel and I were in mortal danger. You can look at the bruises on my back and legs. I'm a sick old man, officer. I can't stand that kind of treatment."
"Why do you think he wanted to kill you?"
"The man was unbalanced. Everyone knew it. He was always threatening the residents. There was no way to tell what he would do next. I am certain that at that moment he wanted to kill us, but I haven't the slightest idea why he chose that particular moment."
"Do you suppose there might be a connection between his wanting to kill you and his signing away ownership of the Meadowvale Nursing Home to the residents?"
"I believe the term is manic-depressive, officer. When he was in his manic phase he could be generous and charming. In his depressive phase he was tormented. That made him cruel and unpredictable."
"'Manic-depressive.' I like that. So among other things you're a qualified psychiatrist, Mr. Campbell?"
"My mother was a manic-depressive. I recognize the symptoms."
"Your mother. Um hmm. Tell me, Mr. Campbell, did you ever know Mr. Keck to play the lottery — the Illinois Lotto game?"
"I hardly knew the man, and I certainly wouldn't know if he wasted his money on nonsense like the lottery."
"Then you wouldn't know how he might have gotten hold of a forged ticket that had the winning numbers on it."
"Forgery too? I'm shocked, truly. Besides being insane and stupid the man was a criminal."
"Um hmm. Forgery's one of your specialties isn't it? It says here you were arrested in seventy-two for trying to pass forged bearer bonds. The man who engraved those bonds is still living in the area. Did you know that? We like to keep tabs on him, and right now he's living down in the city, not too far from here as a matter of fact."
"Ah, the follies of youth. For the life of me I can't even remember the man's name. Don't grow old, Detective, that's my advice."
"Yeah, thanks. But you were aware that Mr. Keck transferred ownership of the home to a corporation controlled by the residents?"
"Of course. I'm one of the directors. When he let his generous intentions be known, the others called on me because of my previous business experience. Had I known Mr. Keck was so terribly unbalanced I certainly wouldn't have allowed myself to become involved."
"Um hmm. I'm sure."
Pickard was impressed. The old man was smooth, very smooth — he had to give him that — an old pro, maybe the best he'd ever met. He was dying to ask if all of this shit was being made up on the spot or had been carefully rehearsed, but he decided against it. Trying to get more right now was useless. They might have to harden up on him later, but there were a lot of other statements to be taken. Pickard finished off by walking him through the details of the shooting and was not surprised when they coincided exactly with the Colonel's story. That was when Pickard's headache first began to interfere with his thinking.
Matthews and Pickard took turns with the continuing interviews. Old folks arrived on walkers or in wheelchairs, hobbling on canes or feisty under their own steam, and story after story, eyewitness account after corroborating statement, all told one tale — and most of it was bullshit. Matthews knew it, Pickard knew it. Yet there wasn't a shred of concrete evidence to prove it. They even took a statement over the phone from one Arnie Sharpe, Leon Keck's lawyer, currently in the hospital with a broken hip and a fractured skull. He claimed that Keck tried to kill him over some phony lottery ticket and that the fat man was deranged. But then, he was also the lawyer of record when the home ownership was transferred. There was every reason to suspect that he might be in on whatever had gone down, though it wasn't clear how he expected to profit.
Round and round it went, and Pickard's headache grew worse and then Matthews started on one. And what made it absolutely awful, and confused them more than anything else, was the way the images of those old people in the home the day of their search kept coming back to them — discarded souls, sick and decaying and, worst of all, neglected. Throughout the interviews they each wrestled with an inner conflict that neither of them ever had to face before, something that wasn't covered in the book and probably shouldn't have been.
"It's a mess, Brian, a real horror show."
Detective Pickard sat at his desk, holding the two halves of his head together with palms pressed against his temples. Matthews stood over him, trying to be sympathetic though he was pretty much in the same boat himself. His head, too, throbbed from another full day of taking statements from everyone connected with Meadowvale Nursing Home. This was the end of the third day, and it was a real horror show. They would probably be writing out reports on this case for the rest of their lives unless they could think of some way out of it. Matthews ransacked his mind trying to dredge up some aspect that wasn't so bad, something he could use to keep himself from getting totally depressed — and maybe something to provide his partner some solace.
"At least it was a break that Molly Friend turned herself in. That's something, isn't it?"
Silence.
Matthews glanced around to be sure no one was close enough to overhear, then leaned close, speaking softly.
"Look, if we do this just right, approach it in just the right way, maybe we can wrap it up sooner than you think. You know, give it some of the old creative reporting razzle-dazzle?"
"Humph."
"You gotta help me, partner. You're the big idea man. We need ideas here."
"Um hmm."
Matthews retreated to his own desk, hoping he had communicated something, noticing that the second hand on the plain round institutional clock on the wall seemed to hang stationary in its orbit.
Headaches raging, the two detectives sat at their separate desks, frowning at their separate blank report forms. Matthews knew what was happening, was aware of the process taking them over. And he knew that Pickard knew. But they'd have to admit it to each other before they could get any further, in case there was some kind of misunderstanding later on. The thing that ate at them both was the slippery notion of a higher justice. Their jobs were to uphold the law, certainly, but once in a while — very rarely, thank God — the law seemed wholly inadequate to mete out true justice. Knowing what they knew, having seen what they'd seen, the question became, Should they refer the Meadowvale Nursing case to — Matthews reached for a way to think about it — a higher court?
Above them, the whir of the tiny electric motor driving the clock seemed to grow louder.
"Scotty?"
"Um hmm."
"I talked to them over at the prosecutor's today. Turns out nobody over there is that hot to take the case — bad politics or something to indict a bunch of sick old people. Loses elections."
Silence.
"Scotty?"
"Um hmm."
"Which of us do you think's gonna cave in first?"
Pickard glanced briefly at Matthews. "What're you saying?"
"C'mon man. I got a head like an alligator chewed it. We need to keep draggin' this out?"
Matthews waited while his partner weighed whether to end the standoff. It had to go this way and they both knew it. Why waste any more time?
"Okay Brian, on one condition."
"What's that?"
"We decide everything we're going to say ahead of time, then we each write half of the report. That way, nobody finks out later. Okay?"
Matthews almost let a smile slip, and damned if his headache wasn't just a tad better.
"Deal, partner. So how did it go down — the way you see it?"
"Wait. Let me look at my notes." He slipped some papers from beneath the pile where he had hidden them an hour before. "All right, here we go: It's obvious, really, when you think about it. Leon Keck, male, Caucasian, forty-one years of age, known by acquaintances to be mentally unstable, had for some time been creating explosive devices. Using threats of bodily harm he forced the residents of the Meadowvale Nursing Home, of which he was the sole owner, to carry these explosives into the community for the purpose of injuring street criminals. As his mental condition worsened, he began to display erratic behavior, including voluntarily signing away ownership of his nursing home. When he could not convince Illinois State Lottery officials to accept a forged winning ticket of his own devising, he went on a violent rampage during which he attacked and severely beat two Chicago police officers and his own lawyer. He then returned to the nursing home where..." 


Chapter 34

The Colonel smiled when he saw that some of the residents of Meadowvale Nursing Home were actually wearing party hats, gay cardboard cones with silver moons and stars. Standing just inside the Day Room, he nodded his greetings to everyone who entered, and now and then he would lift a glass of sherry in a toast to whichever of the residents caught his eye.
The room was even more crowded now than it had been when Benny Campbell was here telling his marvelous stories. Mr. Bingham's wheelchair was snugged up against old Isabel's and the two of them were three sheets to the wind on Mogen David Concord sweet enough to chew. With their heads leaning together and small plastic cups raised, they seemed to symbolize for the Colonel a kind of transcendent victory, the way the raising of the flag at Iwo Jima had symbolized a transcendent victory so many years ago. It condensed the sentiments of the many into the act of a few. The Colonel raised his glass again and toasted them all proudly. He remembered this feeling too, from when the war had been won and they all came home heroes.
Someone had unearthed an ancient record player and a stack of 78's. While soapy notes bubbled from Benny Goodman's clarinet, Consuela Melendez swung into the room, greeted by smiles from every corner. Everyone liked a pretty girl, but she was more than just that to the old people. She held a small tray aloft with its cargo of plastic cups — thoughtfully small ones so no fragile old stomach might be upset — filled with Mogen David and Harvey's and a cheap port that someone had donated. And she beamed when she noticed the Colonel. During the week, he and the rest of the ownership committee had made arrangements to put her through nursing school, all expenses paid, and when she was qualified she would return to Meadowvale Nursing Home to take complete charge. It would take a few years, but she was smart and sincere and she had the heart for it. The only other member of the original staff to remain would be Margaret in the kitchen despite the dog food incident. The Colonel's spies had been able to verify her story about Leon's coercion, and he had always liked her anyway.
Of all the festivities of the last few days, probably the one the Colonel found most satisfying in his perverse way was the official firing of Nurse Grace Budka. The entire complement of elderly had gathered in the dismal lobby in front of her counter while the Colonel explained the situation.
"The Board of Directors of the Meadowvale Nursing Home have determined upon review that your services are substandard and are thus no longer required. Furthermore, it has been unanimously agreed that no references will be given for the purposes of future employment. We respectfully request that you vacate the premises within the next twenty-four hours."
Nurse Budka fondled her Bible, turning it over and over in her hands, but she couldn't manage an expression of sadness or repentance. No, what finally came out was pure venom.
"I will see that you are reported to every authority. I will sue you for libel and discrimination. You are vile, evil people. I will see you burn in hell." She rolled her eyes up into her head and shouted, "'Then the Lord rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the Lord out of heaven.'"
That outburst set the group back on its heels, but Mary had pushed old Isabel up in front where she'd been sitting quietly with her head tilted, apparently paying little attention until Mrs. Budka started the shouting. Suddenly Isabel raised her chin and opened her eyes wide. Her voice cut through the air like an angry bassoon.
"You heard the Colonel. You're fired, you dumb ninny. Take a hike."
Mary had tried to cover the old lady's mouth but it was too late. The corps got off a rousing cheer and Nurse Budka stormed off, her face burning. They continued to honor Isabel with applause for a full minute, and she loved it.
Noah approached with a huge grin on his face. "It's really true, Colonel? We're getting a baby grand here in the home?"
"Absolutely, Noah. In no time Scott Joplin is going to sound like he never sounded before."
They embraced heartily.
George Wilson, the Colonel's second in command, passed by on the other side of the room, and the Colonel called out to him, "Well done, Mr. Wilson. Well done," and touched a finger to his forehead.
George returned the salute. The Colonel removed his sunglasses and waved a farewell, and George bobbed his head, his lips compressed. The Colonel knew that George understood. Good man, that George Wilson. That was why he had been made second in command. Wilson understood now that the mission was complete and that the Colonel must move on to the next one, wherever that might take him.
From the corner, where some of the women were dancing with each other, Molly Friend held up her glass.
"A toast! A toast!"
The chattering quieted while they listened.
"I propose a toast to the Colonel for giving us back our lives —" They raised their plastic cups. "And to Benny Campbell, and Clarissa too, wherever they are, for service above and beyond the call of duty."
The chorus was hushed and reverent against the big band chords that flitted through the room like resurrected fairies.
 "To Benny and Clarissa." 


Chapter 35

Mr. and Mrs. Leon Keck had been in Hawaii for two days. They arrived on a nonstop United Airlines flight direct from Chicago's O'Hare Airport and were greeted in the Honolulu International terminal by a group of young native girls bearing leis and kisses, something the thoughtful Mr. Keck had prearranged for his wife. She had been so thrilled that she pressed the ropes of orchids and carnations to her face and looked as if she might cry. For this trip they had pulled out all the stops, they told whoever bothered to ask, and flown first class because they were here to celebrate a sort of second honeymoon — or was it a fiftieth wedding anniversary, or a fifty-fifth? If you were to gather the flight crew together and compare notes you might have found some discrepancies in their stories. The only thing everyone might have agreed on was how tired Mr. Keck had looked belted into his seat. But once they arrived he hadn't acted tired — neither of them had.
The old couple spent their first day on Oahu dragging from shop to shop, putting together an entire wardrobe of tourist rags — aloha shirts, muumuus, shorts, bathing suits, sandals, the works. All of it, and the plane tickets too for that matter, was charged to Mr. Keck's American Express gold card. And not a few of the shopkeepers along Kalakaua Avenue had been charmed by the Kecks, the way she giggled like a young girl when she modeled a pareu for him, or the way he mugged in front of a mirror under a broad straw hat so big it dropped over his ears. You had to admit he was funny. You felt there was something special about a couple who could carry a fresh excitement with them for so many years. The two of them warmed hearts wherever they went.
Mr. Keck even played the clown when they first checked into the Royal Hawaiian Hotel. After registering, he leaned close to the desk clerk and said in a loud voice so everyone could hear, "I'll let you in on a little secret, son, this woman isn't my wife. Tonight I'll be sharing a bed with a woman in an illicit arrangement. Does that bother you?"
The young man beamed and blushed at the same time, his eyes searching out his co-workers' reactions. "No sir, not at all."
Mr. Keck smiled and chucked the clerk under the chin. "Good lad. Good lad."
Everyone within earshot smiled as they watched the elderly couple being led away by a bellhop. Charming.

***

"I think pink is my favorite color, Benny. Did you ever see so much pink?"
"I imagine that's why they call this place 'The Pink Palace of the Pacific.'"
They had just finished dinner and were in their hotel room, changing into something casual for a little sunset stroll along Waikiki Beach. Clarissa tried on three different muumuus and settled on the one with the bougainvillea traveling around and around in a spiral. She tugged at it, smoothed it, did a pirouette for Benny.
"It's so beautiful, everywhere around here. I just can't believe we're in Hawaii. It's a dream come true."
Most of the day, their second day, was spent riding a tour van around the island. Benny abhorred tours, but he would have endured a thousand just to keep that look on Clarissa's face. On the tour, whenever they stopped along the road she would hurry off to run her fingers along a flower petal as big as a scarf, calling for Benny to see. She seemed to levitate in the perfumed air thick with life. In all his days he had never felt quite this way, watching her, and he wanted it to go on. And it seemed as if it just might. She was a thrall of Hawaii.
"And do you know what makes it all so perfect, Mr. Campbell? I'm here with the most handsome, the most sophisticated, the most charming man in the world."
He sat on the edge of the bed, on its pink spread, in flowered shorts with his knotty legs poking out like a grasshopper's. When Clarissa snuggled up beside him he leaned toward her and she sighed. Last night, on this very bed, they had reclaimed what the Meadowvale Nursing Home had tried to take away from them — they found a man and a woman who were still a man and a woman even though the rest of the world was determined to deny it. Benny glowed inside the way Clarissa glowed outside. Between them they had won back against overwhelming odds what always should have been theirs.
"We'd better hurry, my dear, or we'll miss the sunset," Benny said.
He slipped into his new sandals, which had started to wear a blister on the side of his little toe, and reached for the oversized straw hat he had to line with tissue so it wouldn't drop down below his ears. Clarissa took his hand and laughed and called him her scarecrow.
Out past a curving stand of palm trees they walked hand in hand, kicking at the sand, turning parallel to the shore when they were near enough to the water. The dark mass of Diamond Head rose in the distance. In that light, with the sun so low, they appeared, in silhouette, like a tall beachcomber and a willowy dancer, which you could have said they were, or had been in a sense. And you would have had to say they looked like young lovers, unless you knew better. After a quarter mile or so they stopped and sat down in the sand with their toes pointing toward the surf.
"Clarissa, I want you always to remember this. This is our fantasy to share — something they can never take away."
"Of course I will, Benny. How could anyone forget? Do you smell the air? It's the breath of heaven."
"Indeed it is — the breath of heaven. Do you think someone opened the pearly gates?"
She scowled at him and took his hand again, and Benny eased himself onto his back letting the wide-brimmed hat flop over his face.
"You're not going to start your silly talk again. I never understand you when you say things like that."
But there was something that Benny understood: a gnawing pain that he first thought might be indigestion but now knew was not.
"Clarissa. Remember this place, always, and remember, even if you never understand, that you were loved by a sugar maple — that's very important — a sugar maple."
"Benny, please. You'll spoil the mood."
There was sand and there were palm trees, the paradise of Hawaii unfolding all around them. But Benny didn't see the luxuriance. Right now all he saw was a gray autumn sky in Evanston under spattering rain. And he saw a lone sugar maple, blazing orange and yellow like a fire god, as its last act setting itself forever apart from the brown and withered cowards around it. It had saved the best for the end.
Another terrible pull in his chest caused him to tighten and twitch his stomach muscles, lurch just a little, and then he made that quiet transition, a gentle, inevitable change of state, at the end of which Benjamin Harrison Campbell saw nothing at all.
Clarissa felt his fingers clench hard once and loosen. And somehow she knew, but she didn't want to know. Perhaps if she were to continue to hold his hand she could hold him here, hold him here forever. Or if she could hold her breath, the breath of heaven... No, those were games. Only young people, children were allowed to play games. She replaced his arm gently along his side, slid that silly, floppy grass hat back from his face. Benny had left a serene smile for her, his final gift. She touched his lips with a finger.
"Oh, Benny, my dear, dear Benny."
She had spoken out loud, barely whispered the words, though there was no one to hear. It occurred to her that now it was hers alone to remember — this place, this day, this glorious dream come true — for both of them. But it was such a difficult task he had left for her. She strained to savor each flowery fragrance, trace in her mind the curve of every palm tree, record the cooing of the doves and the wash of the surf, all for herself and for Benny. But she would forget, was forgetting already. Suddenly, inexplicably, she worried that she hadn't bought enough macadamia nuts for everyone at the home, and she hated that thought, hated herself for thinking it, for allowing Benny's spirit to depart this place so quickly. What would she tell them when she returned, as she must? Her gaze drifted to the horizon.
Off to the west, bales of thick pink batting piled onto the setting sun. When their weight became too much, the sun simply shrugged and, without complaint, gave itself up to the ever-patient sea.


###

About the author: Bion Smalley lives in Tucson, Arizona, with his wife and an acre and a half of cactus.  His previous novels include the two Timothy and Alix gonzo science mysteries In Deep Jung and Nano. Visit his websites at http://www.BionSmalley.com and http://www.BionWare.com.
