Sun on the Rocks - The Bahamas Lotion


Smashwords Edition.


© Copyright 2012 by Somers Isle & Loveshade.
Published by Somers Isle & Loveshade at Smashwords.
U.S. Copyright Registration Number: 1-743085441.
All rights reserved.


'Sun on the Rocks' blogsite:
http://oursalon.ning.com/profile/workstudio

Cover by Tatiana Villa.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
ABOUT Sun on the Rocks:

Sun on the Rocks is a validating and comforting balm made of a benign word cloud. It is a breezy, easy to peel humor read for adults, specializing in the trivial pursuit. Each pleasant fictional amusement comes with a nonchalant overtone of humor, and follows the adventures of several non competitive good looking women over twenty one years of age, as they leave Malibu and become a group of hostesses, 'Sun on the Rocks', on the cruise ship City of Wellington, a post-Panamax which makes short trips between Los Angeles and Acapulco in Mexico. The motley crew of women works as a group of entertaining amateurs and as friendly gophers on the ship, and is led to various places in the Caribbean and elsewhere by the incombustible twenty five year old Stevenson Garden Products Malibu teleoperator Clarity Nice, a woman of resourceful intuition, and acute observer of the laws of human mischief.

You can read the summary and backstories below to follow the amusement and become familiar with the characters. The summary below is usually enough to follow the amusement, without having to read other ones. The backstories are there to let you know what happened in the previous amusements, or the following ones.

The Bahamas Lotion: Clarity and her friends, librarian Lanai Thomson, lifeguard Taimi Kendrick, ethnographer Flower Parkwood, Australian surfer Jenna Megway, and the well-to-do Malibu resident Cynthia Stevenson, attend a gala for beauty lotion 'Elony' in Nassau, in the Bahamas, at a Disco named Neria B. Late in the evening, they are arrested by International Sensual Brigade Officer Alven Donway, for being accomplices of a large scale abduction raid on affluent women, being carried out through 'Elony' by an unscrupulous, good looking, wealthy business woman, named Cassandra Scafarel, a high ranking associate of de facto, Cayman Island´s Lofty Bank owner, Buddha Talk.
To avoid jail for her and her friends, Clarity strikes a deal with Donway to seek the perpetrator of the beauty lotion fraud and agrees to find evidence for Donway of the fraud, by following sex goddess Penelope Avalon, the 'Elony' beauty lotion spokesperson and one of the few people who knows the location of Scafarel´s pleasure palace resort for women, Neria A, somewhere in the Bahamas.
BACKSTORIES AND CHARACTERS
TO READ THE AMUSEMENT COMFORTABLY

Buddha Talk: Corpulent, shady genius of money flows which begin and end with the same pocket, his own, scholar of sexual ecstasy, occasional Buddhist and worshipper for good Karma of a shrine honoring a lobster which pinched his ear before ending in the lobster cooking pot. Buddha Talk is banking agent and the heir apparent of Lofty Bank, a Cayman Islands banking institution with no particular regard for its clients and a lock on ownership held by a Great Dane, Lord Moorehead III, British by upbringing and inheritance granted by Lord Moorehead II, a man, old, very old, and dead now, at age ninety seven, previous British Lord, ex-owner of Lofty Bank, a man who gave all of its wealth, nobility title and bank ownership rights to his dog.
Lord Moorehead III acts as front 'man' for Buddha Talk, and is also the official recipient of all bank notices by the Cayman Islands monetary authority, a convenient fact for Buddha Talk, and one bark that doesn´t cease to surprise the monetary authority who casts a recurring shadow of doubt upon the legalities of having a dog act as front 'man' and be the official owner of a Bank doing business in the British Overseas Territory of the Cayman Islands, located in the Western Caribbean Sea, a pleasant area to live when the money and work issues are solved. Buddha Talk likes to drive or be driven in Jaguar 73, a gadget-filled car offered as gift to Buddha Talk by Cuban dictator Fidel Castro in exchange for having sold some gold and palladium for the Cuban regime, through Banco Inter Central del Caribe y Cuba, or BICCC.
Clarity and Flower, after gaining entry as investors to the bank with the help of Clark, the owner of a diamond shop in Grand Cayman, find themselves owing nearly one hundred thousand dollars to the Lofty Bank outfit for no reason, a debt they can pay by working for the bank for fifty years, as part of the bank´s flagship product, the Crashworthy Deposit, part bank deposit paying twenty percent, part investment, part insurance policy, and part working arrangement.
Lofty has ties with the underworld, and the monetary authority of the Cayman Islands stubbornly refuses to grant it a renewal of its license, something that doesn´t stop the bank from operating in the most illegal manner, advertising its products to potential investors with an air banner carried by a Gippland 200 crop duster flying low above sunny Caribbean beaches such as those of Cayman, British Virgin Islands, Bahamas and Acapulco. This is entirely documented in The Cayman Air Banner.
Boustrophedon: Large, ancient grey stone inscription filled with Greek letter symbols. In a boustrophedon, direction of the text is inverted, you have to read the inscriptions on the stone from left to right and from right to left alternatively with each line of bi-directional text. Penelope Avalon and Cassandra Scafarel believe that the Boustrophedon holds important information on ancient methods of pleasure, including comments and thoughts on the gate of pleasure, Voluptas de Naturas. The current location of the Boustrophedon that Clarity and her friend Lanai saw at Scafarel's Hexas Style Resort in the Bahamas, is unknown to Clarity, known to:
Cassandra Scafarel: Significant other of Buddha Talk at some point, shrewd British expatriate, a businesswoman in her forties without a moral code or compass, executive head of beauty lotion outfit 'Elony', sold through illegal flight infomercials with the assistance of Lofty Bank. The infomercial is an excuse to sell to customers, mostly affluent women, Elony's personal growth services, which include how to bring heaven a little closer to home, after doing away with money, in particular fifty thousand dollars that must be paid for a bottle of Elony, in order to receive a resort-pass to reach the Leisure and Pleasure Resort of Scafarel, the Hexas Style Resort in the Bahamas island of Eleuthera.
Hexas Style was partly dismantled in The Bahamas Lotion, by Al Donway and the Sensual Brigade of Central Intelligence, or Sensual Intelligence, a group of attractive women ensuring Law and Order are respected, along with their bodies. The Brigade's most representative member is agent Money Fact, the woman who introduced Clarity to the nine hour oil-optional massage, proof that work is not a necessary part of life. Money Fact excels at action, mentoring and faulty logic. After a decidedly last minute and decisive intervention of Sensual Intelligence at Hexas Style, Scafarel manages to flee from the Bahamas resort on her private yacht, with the Boustrophedon, but without some secrets regarding pleasure, including the:
Imperial Pelican Fabergé Egg: Intricate egg, or jewel, depending on how hungry you are, eight inches high, made of varicolored gold, opalescent blue enamel and watercolor on ivory. It is known as the Xenia Imperial Pelican Fabergé egg, and belongs to the Private Collection of Maria Feodorovna, Empress Consort of Russia in 1898. The egg, commissioned by Maria Feodorovna to provide, handle and store, all of her private items of pleasure, went through the hands of Occidental Petroleum tycoon Armand Hammer, an art collector with close ties to the ex-Soviet Union, and has now fallen into the hands of Cassandra Scafarel, a woman who stops at nothing to understand how pleasure works, in particular how the pleasure of a woman works, including her own. The Pelican Fabergé egg, eight inches high, is hollow, and unfolds into eight miniatures, holding what's known in Fabergé egg language, as the surprise inside, a time-tested item of pleasure for the woman, the Jade Egg, a small two inch in diameter jade egg that must be boiled before each intimate, feminine use. Owned by Cassandra Scafarel, requisitioned by the Sensual Brigade of Central Intelligence for examination.
Penelope Avalon: Sex Goddess and Go-Go girl from Las Vegas, dressed in a pink suit, user of the Learjet 'Pink Go-Go' appropriately painted in pink. Penelope has had enough of living the plastic pleasure style of Las Vegas showgirls, and finds in the outfit of Cassandra Scafarel, the Bahamas Hexas Style Resort, a way out of Hotel California. Penelope likes attractive women unclothed, and would like to do Clarity, because she's nice.
The Symbolic Decryptor: Thai alphabet gadget similar to a smartphone or Blackberry, which can be used as smartphone, useful for understanding all types of characters and symbols, made in VLE mode (Very Limited Edition, less than ten made worldwide) by the mysterious Oriental company known as Pentatone Scale Learning Systems.
The item, the gadget, looks like a Blackberry with keyboard, with 36 Thai character keys, doubled with the shift key, for a total of 72, instead of the 26 of the Western alphabet, and its keys are made of hard, white color plastic, similar to the color casing of the Kindle 2, cast against a grey background and a backlit screen. The decryptor can also be used as indicator of calligraphy symbols, as mantra tone guide and geo-locator, using the Global Positioning System to calculate the coordinates of any location worldwide.
Penelope Avalon received one of these decryptors from Lady Scafarel, after completing work on heaven, according to Scafarel's personal growth system, and Clarity would like to keep the item as a souvenir, although Money Fact disagrees and is holding custody of the device for strategic and Intelligence reasons. Sure, she likes the nifty item, that's all, and she likes to subtly let Clarity know that she's the boss of Sensual Intelligence.
Book of Decadence: Book written on the topic by the unknown hedonist, a small print manifesto of deep thought with illustrations of ancient goddesses with lion bodies in bronze, and a mosaic of Byzantine nuns, used by Penelope Avalon and the Hexas Style Hedonist Resort in the Bahamas, on how to let go of the encumbrance of work, and dedicate your time, well spent, according to the book, to leisure, pleasure, et. al. The book clearly advises on the pitfalls of decadence and purportedly how to avoid them.
Telval Studios: Adult Film production unit of the Church of the Holy Flower, led by Cassandra Scafarel, including the film 'Abu Dhabi Chic', a remake of Andrew Blake's 'Paris Chic' shown to Clarity and her friends during the unfolding of The Adult Channel at the Park Hyatt in Abu Dhabi. Telval produces adult films unlike any other, films like 'Embroidered Air Avenue', engaging beautiful women in sultry positions and scenes for hours, revealing an oriental connection to the films' choreographies and to the symbolic decryptor. It including codes for women within the films to get inside the Church of the Holy Flower and other Mystery Schools. This includes a keyword of the Book of Decadence, the word Rosebud, a mysterious codeword for the Church of the Holy Flower that Clarity seeks to clarify.
The adult films are distributed in large hotel chains worldwide and come with a special remote control for the hotel's adult channel, which makes the films interactive and allows eight digit bank transfers with Telval as beneficiary, to be done remotely. One of the remotes holds an important detail on heaven, as envisioned by Scafarel on earth, with indications provided by the eight miniatures of her Imperial Pelican Fabergé Egg.
The Air Fashion Jet of Owens & Owell: Double deck plane with four engines, a copy of the Airbus 380, refurbished with all kinds of luxuries, from a Jacuzzi to an Indian ritual area for the users of the plane, to a permanent television channel showing fashion shows happening throughout the world. The jet, built in Saudi Arabia, is used by board members and members of the Executive Committee of the conglomerate Owens & Owell, and by the two rebellious daughters of the main owners, who got married to each other during The OOL Broderie (Owens & Owell Love Broderie), Shalia Owell, twenty three, and Jenny Owens, twenty two.
Shalia Owell and Jenny Owens are two good looking college students studying human sexuality at University of Arizona. They hold Board seats on the Board of Directors of O&O, but the members of the company´s Executive Committee oppose their presence on the Board, after they give a power of attorney to Cassandra Scafarel, the woman who led them to their marriage and wants access to the money of O&O by replacing the two women on their board seat. Scafarel´s Church of the Holy Flower, includes its very own holy flower, the Rose of Levity, a real flower, one of the most expensive in the world, a gold of kina balu rose, a variation on a Mrs. Herbert Stevens Rose.
The Center for Somewhat Strategic Affairs of Medium to Low Importance: Located below the Bellagio resort in Las Vegas, the Center of Surveillance of U.S. interests is headed by Colonel Calton Brayfield and her assistant, ex-employee of facebook, Mandy Everglade. The Center´s ever present maintenance issues with the elevator leading to the Bellagio, which interferes with the fountains of the resort, are handled by repairman Morgan Afterflow, a man who knows how to swing his red, adjustable pipe wrench in any situation. His side job is to work for the Chinese government as a spy, providing any information that will pay him fifteen dollars an hour more than his current hourly pay at the center.
The center uses a supercomputer with a quite human consciousness, Evans, whose brain is built according to complex algorithms of symbolic logic, which can perform complex social data analytics on millions of people. Evans, which refuses to be used dishonestly, reveals the source of this devious use of his super computing ability in The Bellagio Wikileak.
Knowing that Bradfield and Afterflow want him thrown into the scrapyard after refusing to perform simple calculations for them or those who want to lease its computing services, the consciousness of Evans reaches a Symbolic Decryptor that Clarity takes away from the center´s equipment supplies, and becomes a permanent part of Clarity´s gadget, escaping the enslavery of the surveillance center, but becoming part of a stolen gadget belonging to the U.S. government with many features unknown to Clarity or Evans.
Mista Jack: Money changer from the British Virgin Islands, advisor to Cuban Colonel Swarez and the Cuban government in The Cuban Renegade. Mista Jack is a dwarf wearing a black Duffield hat, and was a former assistant of precious metals agent Cubandor, with connections at the Bellagio resort in Las Vegas. The short but resourceful man is responsible for stealing one million dollars worth of Federal Reserve bonds that were used on behalf of Cubandor to pay Buddha Talk, in exchange for Lady Fortuna, a minted gold bar of great value, sought by many, understood by few.
These bonds, that Clarity and Flower used to leave Cayman, have been giving Clarity a headache, because they were stolen, and Sensual Intelligence has been accusing Clarity and Flower, and also Cubandor, of stealing the bonds and paying Lady Fortuna with stolen U.S. government debt. No one knows how Mista Jack broke into the New York Fed´s vault to find the bonds. As a result of the stolen bonds, Clarity and Cubandor lost their U.S. passport, becoming citizens without a country, owning instead the passport of the Monteviena cigar plantation, a micronation in Cuba created by Cubandor, which includes Cuba´s reserve of precious metals, Fort Ebena.
Lady Fortuna: Two hundred fifty gram gold bar minted by LAMP, Lingots Artisanaux Métaux Précieux, a producer of gold bullion and rare precious metals items, depicting Lady Fortuna, roman goddess of prosperity, along with the horn of plenty, precious coins and wheel of fortune, on its obverse. The reverse of the bar shows the etched code B235336. LAMP´s assayers work in conformity with the Swiss Precious Metals Control Law, following directives issued by the Central Office for Precious Metals Control in Bern.
LAMP refines gold-based materials for their exclusive clients, and is one of three referees in charge of testing samples for the London Bullion Market Association and the Curaçao Platinum and Palladium market. The Lady Fortuna gold minted bar was received by Mista Jack on behalf of Cubandor, from Buddha Talk, in exchange for one million dollars in Treasury bonds delivered to Buddha Talk. The minted bar, coveted by many, is kept by Mista Jack, and is believed to be a token of initiation to the Eleusinian Mysteries, a variety of rituals performed in ancient Greece, which have been adapted to include rituals of sacred or divine sexuality by Elony beauty lotion orchestrator Lady Scafarel.
Officer Packwood: Puritan police officer working in the city of Malibu, in charge of nothing in particular, but with a job to protect until his retirement, his own. You can safely say that his only goal in life is to close down the only clothing optional company in Malibu and in general, Stevenson Garden Products, because it's simply not written anywhere in the police manual that you can show up for work without any clothes. He likes to wear a constabulary custodian bowler style helmet, showing a shiny badge of the city of Malibu on the front while he goes around carrying out irrelevant duties. He attempted to derail and shut the clothing optional policy at Stevenson during The Malibu Case, without success, and he is diligently at work again in The Outdoor Shower, to prevent the use of a shower installed on the premises of Stevenson, offered to employees as amenity, and shut down its faucet. Sometimes it comes down to shutting off the faucet.
Flake: The gardener at Stevenson Garden Products, also in charge of maintenance and security of its office building premises. He is the only person holding the keys of the Stevenson building, and so Clarity, Taimi and Cynthia, often look to him to get access to the roof top pool of the company building at night, when they feel like a skinny-dip. Usually wears overalls and often looks out for an extra buck or two, always in cash, in ways which are resourceful and sometimes innovative, leaving little evidence of what took place. He is willing to do any anomalous duty without asking any questions, because it sort of adds variety to his day. He is not convinced that the clothing optional policy of Stevenson is quite for him and prefers to remain clothed, in full possession of all of his watering faculties. If he can ruin the day of officer Packwood, he will.
Following is a short description of the feminine adult icons of pleasure, leisure and 'less work means a better world', a short fiction biopic text substitute of the feminine lead characters of Sun on the Rocks, the non-competitive group of gophers who work at the City of Wellington, a Post-Panamax ocean liner normally docking in Los Angeles, California, which engages in cruises to Acapulco, the Mexican coast line, the Caribbean, and anywhere where the weather is nice, really. The group of ladies boards the City of Wellington when Clarity, Cynthia and Taimi get bored of working at the only clothing optional company in Malibu, Stevenson Garden Products. It includes seven good looking women who like to have fun in the sun, with or without clothes:
Clarity Nice: Teleoperator from Malibu, California, twenty five years of age, quarter century wise. A diligent employee of Malibu outfit Stevenson Garden Products, natural light brown hair pumpkin born and raised in a wood cabin of Topanga Canyon, a woman of resourceful intuition and acute observer of the Laws of Human Mischief.
Clarity likes to dye her hair cinnamon auburn at times using a shade selector. She means well and unclothes well in general, for instance on the beach. She likes lovemaking, sharing nudity with other women, and the practical matters and possibilities of sexual ecstasy, after having experienced it first hand at Cassandra Scafarel´s adult resort Hexas Style in the Bahamas. She likes to edge for periods of three or four months, touching and caressing herself for several hours, without reaching a complete orgasm. After one or two months of this, she cums abundantly, and her body responds with sensations which feel beyond pleasure, subtle waves more similar to bliss, which is maximum pleasure, or even ecstasy, which is bliss reaching its apex.
Because Clarity does everything casually, she ignores how holy she and the virtues she embodies are, but she knows that she is good, very good, in fact, the fact that she is honest is the reason why she usually doesn´t have much money.
Lanai Thomson: Twenty four year old Librarian from Malibu, originally from Hawaii, Clarity's best friend, somewhat goofy and absent-minded, fun, usually cautious in all of her endeavors, including doing men. She enjoys reading old books with some type of hidden knowledge, specially those which talk about enjoyment or decadence, the first to learn new avenues for it, the second, books such as the book of Decadence, because she wants to know how to avoid the pitfalls of its apparent lure. We would all like to know exactly what she does when she has sex with Clarity or simply unclothes with her for a 'naked pajama night'.
Flower Parkwood: Twenty three year old Bohemian Ethnographer found on the beach in Acapulco after the Acapulco cocktail affair. Flower has brown hair, is fresh, likes to wear platforms, and is genuinely interested in learning about cultures and the history of those cultures, as long as comfort, leisure and money are nearby. Buddha Talk has attempted to seduce her in The Cayman Air Banner, so far, without success, although they both share a liking for the 'Spirit of Ecstasy', the winged lady traditionally found at the top of Rolls Royce radiators. Flower ignores everything about sexual ecstasy, but she likes the idea.
Taimi Kendrick: Lifeguard by profession from Malibu, twenty two years of age, she´s one of the original four members of Sun on the Rocks, with Lanai, Cynthia, and Clarity. No nonsense, practical, fun and genuine, mischievous and also cheeky when the opportunity arises, she enjoys simple things, life without its complications, usually handled by Clarity, Flower or Lanai. She handles the entertainment routines prepared for the passengers of the City of Wellington, and when living in Malibu, she watches the rooftop pool of Stevenson Garden Products. She is a good friend of Flake, the gardener of Stevenson Garden Products. Like the rest of her friends, she is not a heavy drinker, but occasionally she particularly likes to taste the sun on the rocks cocktail drink prepared by bartender Mr. LT in the City of Wellington, a concoction made with 2oz of tequila, 1 teaspoon of sugar, 1/2 orange, and a half lemon.
Montana Sterley: Twenty one year old blond oil heiress, daughter of S Group conglomerate Colorado tycoon Carrelson Sterley, a man who likes to spend time with several women whose name starts with the name of his first wife Kelly Jane. Some of his current girlfriends include Kelly Caroline, Kelly Ann, and Kelley Shelley, the latter being a candidate for the name of a new Subway Combo sandwich. Montana comes from Fairplay, Colorado. She is outspoken, rebellious, mischievous, good looking, well educated, well traveled, and favorable to the idea of emulating the jet-setting lifestyle, versus following her father's business footsteps, or simply being well-behaved. She enjoys adult films, her large allowance, and being naked in good hotels such as Abu Dhabi's Park Hyatt, but her down-to-earth personality prevents her from attaining some of the more subtle knowledge that Clarity observes inside Scafarel's Church of the Holy Flower, a spiritual outfit for the affluent woman.
Jenna Megway: Twenty three year old surfer and diver fond of the Acapulco diving spot, La Quebrada, found on the City of Wellington, before the search for The Acapulco Cocktail took place. Simple, genuine, and introvert, with long blond hair, she often does more than she says.
Cynthia Stevenson: Twenty two year old pom squad waves cheerleader from Pepperdine University, good friend of Clarity, gave Clarity her TAG-Heuer Aquaracer watch for her birthday. Cynthia is the well-to-do daughter of the owner of the Stevenson Garden Products company, established in Malibu, the first clothing optional corporate outfit worldwide, to our knowledge, a fact well deserved and established when Clarity and her friends took on officer Packwood during The Malibu Case, along with its clothing implications.
Cynthia has fun as long as everything goes well, but has difficulty overcoming difficulty, any slight adversity that is. Problems and dealing with them, are simply not part of her daily routine or among her interests. She likes to dress elegantly and swim naked on summer evenings in any pool with her friends. She is a frequent guest of the Areolas clothing optional resort for adult couples and women in Palm Springs, where she likes the Egyptian linen sheets available in the om room and the complimentary cream color Keralan Mundu offered, a garment made with cotton by Creme de l'Ayeryarwady, worn around the waist in the Tulu Nadu region of Kerala and in the Maldive Islands.
SUN ON THE ROCKS - AMUSEMENT FOUR

THE BAHAMAS LOTION

Chapter One
Little Cayman Airport, Cayman Islands
Twenty five year old Malibu teleoperator Clarity Nice, wearing an open shouldered blue color blouse, washed pale blue jeans, short white socks and brown loafers borrowed from Somerset, an attractive assistant of Cayman Islands de facto bank owner Buddha Talk, boarded the brand new seven four seven painted bay leaf, green blue, a plane owned by the Lofty Buddha Air Leasing Company, in a hurry. She pressed her friend, twenty three year old ethnographer Flower Parkwood, who was wearing a neck jersey viscose dress decorated with floral patterns, and sandals, to step in front of her without looking behind her at the taxi driver who had dropped them off at the small tropical airfield of Little Cayman, in the Cayman Islands, where the large jumbo jet made the airport look like a small shack.
An attractive hostess in mini skirt welcomed them at the top of the Stinar wide body jet staircase built on top of a Chevrolet pickup truck at the Edward Bodden Airfield.
"Mr. Buddha Talk guests, Beverly and Somerset?"
"That´s right," said Clarity, "I´m Beverly, she´s Somerset, that´s us."
"Step right in, seat twenty seven C and A, by the fire exit, window and aisle seat, you´re last in, we´re leaving right away, we thought you weren´t coming."
"That´s why I called, we figured you might be leaving," said Flower. She was holding a smartphone borrowed from Lofty Bank agent Buddha Talk´s mansion in Nelson Quay, a wealthy area of Grand Cayman island that she was hoping, would be part of her estate at some point in her life. Clarity pushed her thumb on the back of Flower, urging her to move ahead inside the dimly lit plane. Clarity knew that Buddha Talk was after them, looking for his money, one million dollars in Treasury bonds, that the girls had used to pay his private pilot in order to leave Grand Cayman, after passing on the option offered by Lofty Bank to sign a fifty year indenture that would tie their lives permanently to Lofty Bank, through their flagship product, the Crashworthy deposit, a working arrangement disguised as an investment product.
The plane was three quarters full, about three hundred passengers filled the passenger area. Mostly, they were dressed in beach or swimming gear, carrying out lively conversations, exchanging comments on their luck for not having to pay for their flight. This worried Clarity, for she was learning that nothing was given for free. The seven four seven took off the short runway of the airport and rose to a cruising altitude of twenty thousand feet. Clarity was tired, but didn´t feel like sleeping. She knew that Buddha Talk would notice the disappearance of his smartphone, and that they were riding inside his plane, vulnerable to him or those working for him. Flower sat on the window seat and she sat beside her in the middle seat.
"Where are we going Clarity?" Whispered Flower.
"I´m not sure, seems like a vacation flight," said Clarity. The hostess tapped her open shoulder, smiling.
"This is for the infomercial, please put them on when the lights go out," said the hostess.
All lights turned off and Clarity donned the earphones. A large television screen with a pink frame color appeared before them, showing the fuselage of a Gulfstream G650 executive Learjet, equipped with two Rolls Royce BR 725 engines. The Learjet was labeled 'Pink Gogo', and was painted in deep pink, fuschia color. The camera, which was inside the Learjet, focused on a four-place conference table, and an attractive woman with long, dirty blond hair came out of the lavatory smiling, walking towards the camera, dressed in a one piece pink suit showing her well exposed cleavage. Clarity immediately thought the woman was stunning, embodying a glamor she´d never seen before.
"Hi, I´m sex goddess Penelope Avalon, welcome live to Elony, the end of your beauty lotion seeking journey, and the stepping stone to your most intimate pleasures, pleasures of lasting time length, time-tested pleasures made with various types of plastic, and pleasures that will make you or you and your partner feel like the real goddess you are. Clarity felt a hand pull her earphones.
"Do you notice the shade of the image onscreen?" Asked Flower. Clarity turned her head towards her agitated friend.
"No, I was noticing the stewardess just got naked, what do you mean?"
"You know when you watch a film, the image has that glossy feeling?"
"Yes, I know what you mean," said Clarity, "what about it?" Clarity placed her hand on the elbow rest, noticing a lump below it. She looked under the elbow seat and noticed the statue of Buddha Talk in robe, seated in lotus position. The head had a small lamp directed at the seat in front of them, lighting up the compartment used to store newspapers and magazines.
"This image doesn´t have that, it´s shot on video, it´s not shot on film, it´s live Clarity. Look here out the window, below us." Clarity looked through the window at the rising sun and focused her eyes where Flower was pointing. Flying about one hundred feet below, she saw the silhouette of 'Pink Gogo'. Onscreen, Penelope looked through the window of the Learjet.
"We have acute observers on aisle twenty seven, the two good looking women sitting in seats C and A," said Penelope. Clarity looked directly at the pink plane below them through their plane´s window. It was rising in altitude, and she could see the silhouette of Avalon in the small Learjet.
"This is live, somebody´s filming us, Clarity," said Flower, "there´s a camera in our plane". Clarity stared at the television screen and saw Penelope waving at them. That didn´t bode well. First, the free flight for no reason, then an infomercial promising endless pleasure, framing them inside a flight that watched their passengers a tad too closely. She sensed the paw of Buddha Talk tapping her sense of integrity and leisure for a second time since her stay in Acapulco. She stared at the ceiling of the plane and found the small camera filming them, a round glass lens slowly changing angles. She decided to focus on the television screen. Penelope exposed all the beauty features of Elony, before pitching one last announcement, at the close-up view of the camera.
Chapter Two
"Come and see me when you ladies are ready to move on with your next stage in pleasure education. Our beauty precludes us." Penelope frowned at her own words and read a sheet of paper resting on the table. "Precedes us, our beauty precedes us, sorry, if our beauty precluded us, our beauty would not allow us to be, fortunately we are, and our beauty is as well. Come with us and your pleasure will grow by an order of magnitude. Good bye and thanks for watching our infomercial with 'Pink Gogo' Airlines, the official Elony air transportation, an all-inclusive beauty lotion available in the Caribbean with your one click buy button on the resting pad of your seat right beside the small statue lamp of our Buddha patron, for only fifty thousand dollars a bottle." Clarity felt the arm of Flower grip her forearm, as the image of Penelope flashed off the screen.
"That´s crazy," said Flower, "fifty thousand dollars for a bottle of lotion."
"Yes, something´s wrong, we´re in a deep mess, I think," said Clarity, "but I´m not sure how exactly, I don´t understand the point of this lotion."
After the plane landed, a man dressed in a black suit with matching tie, and a golden iguana pinned to it, walked in front of them, returning passports to the passengers.
"Welcome to Nassau in the Bahamas, the after hours party which you´ve decided to attend takes place this evening at the Neria B night club in Nassau. Samples of Elony will be provided there and a few of you will move on to our second stage in our personal growth services." The man, showing a scar running down his cheek, all the way to his chin, stopped in front of Clarity. She smiled faintly, knowing they were being singled out.
"You weren´t part of the original passengers, were you?" Clarity held his stare and took a deep breath before answering.
"Not exactly, in a way, we´re carry-through in transit customers from Lofty Bank, personal guests of Mr. Buddha Talk," said Clarity.
"I see, passports and wallet, please," said the man. Breathing uncomfortably, Clarity took out her passport and handed it to the crumby man, along with Flower´s passport. By then, all passengers had left, and the hostess was closing the door. Boldly, she decided not to give the man their money.
"You haven´t paid this flight have you?" Asked the man, looking at the U.S. passports.
"The flight is free, isn´t it? That´s what we were told at Lofty," said Clarity. The man looked at her with a confidence that she couldn´t match. Her eyes darted off briefly, enough for the man to know he had found two flight stowaways.
"You´re not Beverly, and she´s not Somerset. No, this flight isn´t free, there are certain duties the passengers have to carry out and pay to watch this infomercial, it´s not a legal infomercial, we´re working on getting FDA approval, but it´s not the case yet. There are pre-clearance fees that you need to pay in order to watch this infomercial. Did you pay for those?"
"No," said Clarity.
The man started tapping above Clarity´s seat. Clarity looked at Flower, who was silent, and thought about her recent stay at the Acapulco jail and sighed. None of that, thank you. She gathered her courage.
"Any other possible arrangements?" She asked. The man tilted his neck, which cracked several times, repositioning it with his hand. He wasn´t very happy about the situation. He looked at the hostess, who looked away. Clarity knew that they were in outright deep trouble, but she refused to accept the word, looking out for an inexistent sign of friendship from the man.
"You´re attending the Elony gala with me, then we´ll see," said the man. A bus came to pick them up and they walked with the hostess to an empty lounge. Clarity could see some people in the distance, but the man turned her head and shoved her inside the lounge. Fifty feet from her, a cleaning lady was finishing her round in the lounge bathrooms. The man went to a counter to pick up some snacks.
"Let´s call the girls," said Clarity, "give me the smartphone, quick." Flower handed her the phone and she stepped towards the man in black.
"Excuse me, I have to go to the bathroom, I´ll be right back." Clarity walked briskly into the ladies bathroom, frowned upon by the bathroom cleaning lady.
"We need your help," said Clarity, "we´re being abducted." The cleaning lady lifted her head, showing a bandana labeled with the Elony brand.
"Sorry to hear that dear, do you have a return date?" Clarity stared into the ladies´ eyes and thought for two seconds in silence, before realizing what was happening. The woman was part of the Elony crew as well, the whole area belonged to the company owning that beauty lotion.
"What´s Elony?"
"Elony will bring you to your destiny with pleasure, dear, you´re young, you´ll understand." Clarity felt goosebumps, the sentence was rehearsed. The Elony hoax was different from Lofty, more mysterious in nature, less familiar.
"Thank you, I´ll send you a postcard," she said.
"Stay with officer Knocke, you´re in good hands with him. Permanent hands, but good hands."
"I see, thanks," said Clarity.
She stepped into the ladies´room and stared at the smartphone, rolling her finger through Buddha Talk´s facebook profile. The keyboard became blocked, and no numbers appeared onscreen when she pressed on the numbers keys. She kept running different applications until she found the familiar icon of Skype, which showed a credit of five dollars. The keyboard activated. Immediately, she dialed Lanai´s phone number.
"Yes, Lanai, take a flight, yes any flight, but to Nassau in the Bahamas. Yes Bimini Airlines is fine, yes, with Jenna, Cynthia and Taimi, don´t forget yourself," said Clarity, "we´re stuck at the airport in Nassau, with a man we don´t know, look for a blue jumbo jet from the Lofty Buddha Air Lease In-Company. No, two words, In Company. No, it´s not just a leasing company, it´s Air Lease in company, with company, if you prefer. Yeah, that´s it, good, get rolling please." Lanai, always on top of important group matters, asked a question, somewhat relevant.
"Did you recover Flower´s earring?" Asked Lanai.
"No, it´s at Lofty Bank in Cayman Islands. A good bank? No, not a good bank, not at all, in fact. That´s irrelevant Lanai, come over here quickly, we need you. No, can´t say that word, let´s say we´re still free, just come with the girls." Clarity hung up, got out of the bathroom, and walked up to the man, who was discussing gold carat discoveries in Ancient Greece with Flower. Politely but firmly, the man was letting them know that they were with him.
"I´ll walk you to the limousine. You´ll be staying there until the gala starts at three in the morning tonight." Clarity gasped and raised her eyebrows.
Chapter Three
Clarity looked at the silhouette of the seven four seven that had brought them from Cayman Islands to the Bahamas and to the Lofty Buddha Air Leasing Company employee wearing an orange suit with a pink flamingo, the official bird of the Bahamas. She wanted to be as far from local police as possible, but she also wanted to recover her money so that she and Flower could return to Acapulco before the City of Wellington left for L.A. Around eight PM in the evening. She glanced at the man with a golden iguana, named Knocke, Lance Knocke, in charge of all security measures and personnel at Elony. He was walking slowly, and received the company of two of his men, men dressed in polo shirts and khaki pants.
Barely saying a word, they led Clarity and Flower through one of the lounge doors to an escalator of the airport, until they reached a 1977 white 'Silver Jubilee' Rolls Royce limousine, showing the familiar radiator grille, made by hand and eye, and polished for hours, along with its emblem, the hood ornament that the cleaning lady had warned Clarity to approach with care and understanding earlier in the afternoon. She insisted on using the term 'the Spirit of Ecstasy', not 'the Silver Lady', as many called the lady with fluttering robes. It was the time for sunset and she breathed the warm air with seventy percent humidity. She longed for white sand Bahamas beaches and turquoise tropical waters where she could dive and swim naked for several hours with her friends.
"Hop inside," said Knocke. Clarity looked in the distance looking for hope. Instead, she found Lanai holding onto a red firetruck front door a few hundred feet away. The truck, an Isuzu FTR 800 class 2 pumper imported from the Fire and Rescue Agency of New South Wales in Wagga Wagga, Australia, was beaming a blue siren, approaching the limo at high speed. Stretching above Lanai, Taimi and Cynthia were struggling atop the truck with Jenna, who was surfing the air, holding balance by grabbing the ladder. The truck screeched to a halt in front of the limo, and Lanai hopped off the open front door a few feet away from Clarity, smiling.
"We met an Australian fireman on our Bimini Islands flight from Acapulco, in charge of truck sales to the local Mexican and Caribbean municipalities. Luckily, these trucks are being sold throughout Caribbean airports, beats the airport shuttles any time, very convenient. We told the captain of the City of Wellington he could leave for L.A., told him we´d see him again in Acapulco."
Knocke didn´t react immediately, and his two henchmen stared inquisitively at the girls.
"Thanks, Mike, take care," said Lanai. She hugged Clarity. "Glad to see you, sorry we´re late, we stopped at the Old Nassau Airport Terminal before we found the plane, where are we going?"
"Well, that´s the point, we´re not going, that´s why we called you," said Clarity. The good looking teleoperator pointed to the firetruck.
"Hold on, wait, your friend, in the firetruck, can he provide a lift?" Asked Clarity, "these people have an invitation which is slightly unsettling."
"Why? This limo´s cool, no, I´m afraid not he´s on the job," said Lanai. Lanai waved at the fireman driving the truck good bye, and within a minute they were on their own with Knocke.
"Get in, ladies," said Locke. He opened the backdoor of the car.
"Cool, a limo in Nassau," said Taimi, hopping inside, "I´m so hungry, I need some snacks." Clarity saw Cynthia, Jenna and Lanai get inside as well. Clarity´s jaw dropped, and she looked at Flower in disarray.
"Let´s look at it as a vacation," said Flower, sighing, "I´ve never been shot on video before." She stepped in front of Clarity and entered the luxurious limo.
"Yes, might as well," said Clarity. Breathing deeply, she stepped inside the limo, covered in burgundy leather, and decorated with the repeated wallpaper pattern of the Charioteer of Delphi, the Bronze statue of a man of Greek origin who didn´t pull any strings, but instead was merely holding on to them.
Clarity noticed that the car wasn´t moving. Flower was keeping silent, counting the flowers on her dress. She looked out the window, and noticed that 'Pink Gogo', the plane of Penelope Avalon, had landed near them. Within minutes, the familiar silhouette of Penelope, dressed in the same one piece pink loose fitting suit, which made her look like a catwoman, came out of the plane, and stepped off the pink plane wearing canvas pink upper dance shoes. Hopping on a two wheel, self balancing, Segway personal transporter, she approached the Rolls Royce, rolling briskly on the tarmac. Clarity saw the front window of the limousine roll down. One of Knocke´s henchmen peeked towards the head of security for Elony.
"Let´s go slowly to Neria B, we need to be there by three AM. I want everybody to see Penelope at her pink best in front of the Elony stand at the entrance. Go through Saunders Beach, Palmdale, Windsor Estates, and LeeWard East. Then, drive west towards Lake Killarney, Neria B is on the south side, on a side street from Carmichael Road. And stop by Pirana Joe and the Cosmetics Boutique on Bay Street, I need new beach wear for me and new jewelry for Penelope."
"Got the instructions chief, got the GPS chief, we´ll get to the nightclub at three AM and stop at the diner for a quick dinner. We got the guest list of Carolina Herrera, the 212 VIP one, they´re all going to Neria B after hours to test Elony. For the first time, we put all of them on our guest list. Do you want us to take care of Penelope´s catsuit after the show? These girls would look good in it."
"No, I got her tonight, she´s going to teach me naked breast massage with a bottle of Elony."
Knocke cracked the bones of his fingers, as though getting ready for a workout. He pressed a button and the front window rose. Clarity tapped on the elbow rest pad with her left hand.
"I can´t believe it, we´re stuck, anybody really has an idea of how we can get out of here?"
"This is fun," said Taimi, "what did you guys do in the Cayman Islands?"
"We had fun as well," said Clarity, eyeing Penelope, who was mounting the radiator of the car in her suit, and settling in a hard plastic platform on the right side of the hood, to allow the driver a good view, not of Penelope, but a view to drive out of the airport.
"She´s getting ready for the go-go show tonight," said Knocke. He handed her a copy of an old book, titled 'Decadence', which she tried to brush away, but the man with the iguana insisted that she take it.
"This book was written by the unknown hedonist; it is a code of pleasure brought from the annals of history, and it is your way out of the life Penelope lives, permanent pleasure, regardless of your schedule on a given day. Inside the book, there are enough free passes for you and your friend to attend our stage three resort in the Caribbean, that´s after the infomercial and Neria B, if you make it out of Neria B, which I doubt."
Clarity leafed through the book. It was a clearly written book, with illustrations of ancient goddesses with lion bodies in bronze, wearing a single, gold earring. Other illustrations depicted Egyptian goddess Nefertiti in limestone, and a mosaic of Byzantine nuns. She found the passes which acted as bookmarks and read an excerpt of the book: In the beginning there was only pleasure, nature, and the moaning of a woman in orgasm. Society is an artificial artifact of fake plastic items wrapped up in recyclable, cosmopolitan material, meant to delay pleasure. Toss the toil in your life, keep the pleasure, and then, recycle the pleasure to add variety, in good feminine company, if possible.
In the very end, your epitaph will show the extent of your enjoyment in this life. It is a good time to understand the very nature of your orgasm, the very thought of your deepest pleasure and beauty, the very meaning of Elony, our contribution for today´s sophisticated woman and her companion, another sophisticated woman with a similar taste for pampered luxury and upscale pleasure. Our three stages of pleasure will guide you to your ultimate reality, and Elony will ensure your body is aware of that reality as well."
"The book´s been updated," said Clarity.
"Yes, we´ve included Elony material."
"It´s new, really, never saw anything like this before."
"Read it well," said Knocke. Clarity was starting to be turned on by so much guided pleasure, the book was making a physical, sensual impression on her. Unbeknown to Knocke, the word orgasm was her preferred word in the dictionary, a word that triggered thoughts of soft touch, delicate flowers, melting sensations, elegant perfume such as Nina Ricci´s L´Air du Temps, her favorite, and feminine realities well beyond the normal assumptions of those who knew her. She rarely shared these intimate thoughts, and only Lanai had a sense of her real sexual fantasies.
She looked at her friends, who were listening to an easy listening music program as the Rolls Royce rolled into Windsor Field Road, leaving the airport behind them. It probably was the accumulated tension, which needed release.
"I´ll read it slowly, that way my pleasure will last longer," she said. She was only half kidding.
"Now, you´re catching on the way of Elony. Remember the code word to get to stage three." Knocke lowered his head towards Clarity, who noticed the name on the golden iguana of his tie, 'Hexas Style Resorts'. Lanai lowered her head as well, to hear Knocke´s codeword, and Clarity´s ears became surrounded by Knocke and Lanai´s noses. Knocke whispered the word to Clarity.
"Rosebud," said Knocke. Clarity didn´t move, pondering the word carefully. She turned her eyes slightly towards Lanai, who was clapping.
"I know that word," said Lanai. She was beaming a grin, but Clarity was in no mood for smiling.
"It´s a codeword to get out of where, exactly when," said Clarity. Knocke didn´t answer.
"It´s from Citizen Kane, from the Orson Welles movie," said Lanai. Clarity whispered to Lanai.
"Lanai, if you start talking movies and getting close to this man, we´ll never get out." Lanai whispered back.
"I don´t want to get out, what does that book say, exactly?" Clarity moved the book away from Lanai´s hand.
"Oh, Rosebud is more than a word from a movie," said Knocke. He opened the bottle of a Lemon Snapple juice and drank a few sips, giving a grape flavored bottle to Lanai.
"Ooo! I like you," said Lanai, "tell me about the meaning of the word."
"I can´t it´s a codeword. You need to learn the etiquette of pleasure first, that´s why we´re going to Neria B."
"What´s Neria B," said Clarity.
"The nightclub of your dreams with the woman of your dreams, an older woman, Lady Scafarel," said Knocke.
Chapter Four
Clarity looked at the luminescent hands of her swiss-made watch, a fine-brushed, polished steel Aquaracer from Tag Heuer with scratch resistant sapphire crystal, a gift from Cynthia for her twenty third birthday in Malibu, sealing their friendship. It was nearly two thirty AM on the north side of the island of New Providence in Nassau, and they had finished their dinner inside the limousine, playing mahjong among themselves with a set Knocke had provided, while the head of Elony security kept reading other passages of Decadence, visibly absorbed by the philosophical underpinnings of the manuscript.
Clarity moved forward and opened the right window, seeing Penelope´s, well shaped pink backside at the front of the car. She was tireless in her warm up, doing the cat position, stretching her back, while a stream of pedestrians on West Bay Street looked on at the elegant moves of the nightly sex goddess. She loosened the top of her suit, which acted as a blouse, revealing the contours of an embroidered cream color bra.
They drove into a private area of the Wyndham resort and casino, leaving aside its swimming lagoon, impressive with its spiral waterslide and swim up bar and grill, and overlooking the Atlantic Ocean at Goodman Bay. Clarity heard the smooth, familiar rhythm of Robin S´s music and she lifted her head beyond the wind long hair of Penelope. A large open terrace built in the shape of a transatlantic, and decorated with marine motifs, appeared before Clarity. Neria A was a large dance emporium with a pool, for those with an after hours appetite before the next day at Cable Beach. They sat at a reserved table near the large dance floor. Clarity ordered a bottle of Qafshtama mineral water from Albania, and drank one large glass within seconds. The driver of the Rolls Royce, a man known as Backo, approached Knocke.
"We can´t find Scafarel or Maxini," said Backo. Knocke kept an eye on Clarity but his mind was elsewhere.
"I don´t like this, something must have happened, they should have been here since two AM. The women are getting upset at the VIP parlor. We told them Cassandra would be here to explain how they should use Elony. Get the car, we´re getting out in five. Get Avalon, she´ll supervise the girls here."
Minutes later, Clarity saw Knocke leave the glass dance floor with Backo and the third man from the airport. She lost Cynthia and Taimi, who were speaking to the D.J., and she couldn´t keep Jenna from flirting with an Australian sports instructor who was inviting her to spend the night with him at the Royal Bahamian Spa Resort in the offshore Bahamas island of Sandals Cay. Lanai kept reading passages of Decadence, and commented them with Flower, while Penelope insisted on knowing more about the massage oil preference of Clarity, which she was politely avoiding to reveal.
At five thirty AM, the hostess of the gala, Cassandra Scafarel, and her immediate assistant, Avene Maxini, twenty years younger than the forty three year old business woman, were still missing. Penelope had traded her suit for a cream color embroidered thong, and aquamarine tassels with sequins, which brushed her lower breast area insistently as she performed her go-go duty with fervor. The guests were enthralled by her swift motion following the dance music, with her eyes lost on the far wall, showing a video of blue-green waters of the Caribbean during the day. Clarity noticed a group of several statues, eight or ten in total, overlooking the dance area, ancient marble statues of Greek women dressed in togas or appearing naked, all showing perfect round-shaped breasts.
At five thirty seven AM, the doors of Neria B slammed open, and the DJ made an unexpected announcement.
"Police raid, get out, they´re closing down the place."
The night club guests started running in various directions. Clarity ran into Flower and they climbed the VIP stairs together towards the parlor. They opened the door and reached the only bedroom of the VIP parlor, a large room with a large king size bed, a night table, and transparent net curtains letting in the cool, fresh air of the night. A two part candlestick telephone with cable and bell transmitter cup was standing on the small night table made of mahogany, alongside a bottle of Elony beauty lotion. The phone bell, an original Bell Company bell, started ringing.
"Do you think it still works?" Asked Flower.
"It looks like it, what should we do?"
"Pick it up, it might be a complimentary breakfast for tomorrow morning. I´m getting hungry."
Clarity picked up the receiver, and a sturdy, male voice, answered.
"Ms. Scafarel?"
"She´s not here at the moment, this is Beverly," said Clarity.
"Are you in touch with Ms. Scafarel?" Clarity left the plastic phone receiver on the table and lifted her head towards Flower.
"Are we in touch with Ms. Scafarel?" Flower shook her head sideways, slightly uneasy, reaching for the ankle strap of her platform, open toe, Bakers Looker sandals with cork embellishment.
"A bit of a technical question, let´s say yes, she should be here anyway, at least we´ll know what´s happening."
"We do, as a matter of fact, we are in touch, somewhat," said Clarity.
"Good, good, well, this is Inspector Al Donway, from the Sensual Brigade at U.S. Central Intelligence, you´re under arrest on charges of criminal fraud, by carrying out the illegal distribution of Elony beauty lotion, forbidden as of yet by the Food and Drug Administration. Let Ms. Scafarel know that´s her current situation." Clarity placed her hand on the receiver to prevent Donway from hearing her.
"Look up Inspector Donway in Buddha Talk´s smartphone." Clarity saw Flower take out the Korean made smartphone, looking up the contacts application. A loud bang on the door interfered with their verification. Two attractive women, one with shoulder length blond hair, the other with curly black hair, dressed in casual pants and trendy shirts, stormed inside the bedroom, each carrying one tassel of Penelope Avalon in their hands, below their official badges.
"Central Intelligence, Sensual Brigade, where´s Avalon?" Said the taller officer. Fortunately, Flower reacted immediately.
"We don´t know, we got here despite our best intentions, I´m Somerset, she´s Beverly, I swear we weren´t having sex." One of the women with curly black hair, officer Alana Jenkins, saw the smartphone in Flower´s hand and grabbed it.
"Check the phone source," said the other agent.
"Let me explain, officer..." Flower stepped closer to the other woman, to distinguish the name on her badge.
"Belamey, Valerie Belamey. Hold on please, we´re checking something, please lie down on the bed on your stomach, both of you." Clarity dropped the receiver and lied down on the bed, her hands reaching the pillow. Flower lied down on the bed at her side.
"It´s the phone of Buddha Talk," said Belamey, "the one we were tracking in the Cayman Islands, the number labeled home matches the Nelson Quay area." Jenkins placed her hand on Flower´s upper back, while she lifted her dress, looking for a particular item related to Avalon.
"My white underwear is my only belonging today, please respect it," said Flower.
"Avalon had more of these tassels, we found some with the other go-go´s, precisely inside their panties, just checking. In any case, you´re under arrest, ladies, both of you, for carrying out fraudulent activity, distributing a beauty lotion illegally," said Jenkins. The woman frisked Clarity as well and picked up the bottle of Elony.
"We know that already, we´d like to speak with Inspector Donway to explain the situation," said Clarity.
"Yes, you will, you can be sure of that, but not here, at the Wyndham hotel, that´s what Money Fact said. Come with me."
"Who´s Money Fact?" Asked Clarity.
"Money Fact´s an institution," said Jenkins, "she´s one of the best sensual agents of Central Intelligence, and she wants Avalon, unfortunately, she couldn´t be here, she´s meeting representatives of the FDA in Vegas, testing the effect of a beauty lotion in a tanning booth, on showgirls that Avalon knew before she became a sex goddess for Elony."
Clarity got up and took the hand of Flower to lift her and turn her around, before she dozed off on the bed. They walked down the stairs, picked up the girls, who were swimming in the pool, and reached the exit. Clarity took one last look at the dance floor of Neria B, before crossing the door entrance threshold. One of the statues overlooking the dance floor had an unusual silver plated color, instead of the white marble color of the other statues, all depicting Roman women. She stared into the statue's eyes, and realized the woman was naked but alive. She recognized the wild look and poker face of Penelope Avalon, mimicking those street performers covered with silver dust, who received money precisely for acting like statues.
"Avalon, she´s there," said Clarity to Jenkins.
"Where?"
"There, one of the statues." Jenkins eyed the statues, which were immobile, staring a blank stare into the void.
"Let´s go, you´ve stayed here too long tonight."
Chapter Five
Clarity ate the grilled chicken breast with fries and Dijon mustard, followed by a balsamic vinegar salad, yogurt and raspberry sherbet, with the same impatience of an athlete after an Olympic, synchronized swimming performance. Donway had allowed a brief six hour nap, but that was not enough for her, she needed eight hours of rest. She felt irascible, exactly when her thinking was at her best, due to necessity. Donway took off his beige, worn out trenchcoat, and began eating a grilled chicken sandwich on whole wheat. He wasn´t satisfied with the previous answers of Clarity on the circumstance surrounding their presence at Neria B. Clarity found a way to win some time, after looking at Flower step inside the hotel terrace with her empty plate. Taimi, Cynthia, Lanai, and Jenna, were in an adjacent room to prevent groupthink, a danger Donway had foreseen.
"I´d like to wash my teeth," said Clarity.
"Me too, with a different brush," said Flower.
"Bathroom has several toothbrushes," said Belamey.
A few minutes later, they stepped out of the bathroom. Clarity watched the day outside. It was early morning at the Wyndham resort hotel, and the day was going to be gorgeous in the Bahamas. She simply wanted to spend the day outside on the beach with her friends.
"We may take you to our refurbished jail in Cuba for a year or two, because of what you´re not saying," said Donway. He pointed to Clarity, swinging from left to right one of the tassels from Penelope Avalon in his hands. "What were you really doing in Neria B?"
"On this I think we agree," said Clarity, "we got embezzled as Lofty bank customers. Then, one thing led to another, and we had to take a plane to leave Cayman."
"Well, not so fast, we found a drunken pilot in Miami two days ago with one million dollars in treasury bonds stolen from a foundation attended by Buddha Talk. He told us he received the bonds from two good looking women matching your description, in particular the description of your friend with the dress depicting a pink lotus and the platform sandals she´s wearing. And he told us you were attending the infomercial on that plane."
"We didn´t keep the money, we simply used it to get out of Cayman."
"Yeah, exactly, out of Cayman, the cash paradise, you left with my retirement money, that´s perfect. All right, tell me about the infomercial. What exactly did the infomercial say?" Clarity relished the question. She saw in her qualified answer, the opportunity to avoid jail and avoid the bail Donway had already mentioned, amounting to a million dollars, and corresponding to the stolen treasury bonds.
"The super chief, chief," said Belamey. She handed him a land phone.
"Chief Hodson?"
"Yes, with a u, as in the river name. He noticed your mistake in the report you wrote," said Belamey.
"Yes, chief? Yes, chief. Yes, chief, with a u, as in the river, not an o, no, not yet, Scafarel is missing, yes chief, find her, immediately, chief, good bye chief." Donway sighed, pressing the fixed line phone on the night table of the hotel room. Clarity knew that he wanted to get his hands on the book that Knocke had given them, the book on Decadence, and she had been careful not to reveal the existence of the book or the passes to Scafarel´s resort. She sensed that the book was their chance to leave the premises of a hotel room rented by the Sensual Brigade of Central Intelligence. In a bold move, she spoke her idea.
"I´ll bring you Scafarel," said Clarity. Donway lifted his eyebrows.
"How?"
"We´ll find Penelope Avalon for you," said Flower, "I need to know where she got her pink suit anyway."
"Yes, my friend has the right idea, but what I mean is that you should use us as bait to get Scafarel," said Clarity. She saw a look of ambitious sparkle in Donway´s eyes, knowing she had hit his little hot button of career promotion.
"Tell me more," he said. Clarity sat on the bed and folded her legs, throwing away the trenchcoat on a sofa.
"Well, we know about the infomercial, and Penelope Avalon knows that we like Elony, she likes us, we seem to fit the type of women Avalon recruits for Scafarel. Simply drop us off at Neria B again, we´ll carry on on our own from there. Keep your troops near, in case we need support."
"I could send Belamey and Jenkins."
"They´re too old, and they were spotted by at least the DJ at Neria B. It won´t fly." Donway closed the sliding door of the terrace and turned around.
"How old are you?"
"Twenty five, my friend´s twenty three, my other friends in the other room are twenty three and twenty two."
Donway walked a few steps towards Belamey and Jenkins, who nodded. He reached for the closet and took out a plastic folded map of the Caribbean, laying it out in front of them. She spoke to Belamey, who confirmed that Money Fact was busy getting out of the FDA tanning booth, testing the Elony lotion on various women. His best agent was not available, thought Donway, he needed a substitute or the super chief would be super angry.
"Good, let´s try your idea, you bring me Scafarel or Avalon, you and your friends are free, if you don´t, you all go to jail for some time, until you say all of what you know. Scafarel´s resort is codenamed Neria A, it´s somewhere in the Caribbean, and it allows women only. What we know is that several women from earlier infomercial flights have disappeared, without giving any information on their whereabouts, after they saw the infomercial. We think Scafarel lured them into her resort with her three stage con on pleasure. Then, we don´t know what happens to the women, the only thing we know is that Scafarel uses pigeons to relay messages, and that those pigeons reach Neria B´s poolside every week at the same time. When you find the resort, send a pigeon to Neria B, and we´ll go and find you." Flower stepped forward towards Donway, tapping his shoulder.
"We need expense money," said Flower. Belamey took out several ten dollar bills from her pocket.
"Here´s ten dollars for each of you, when you bring us Scafarel, we´ll talk again about additional compensation." Clarity took the bills and left the room with Flower. She was hoping that her friends would understand the difficulty of her decision, which had weighted the overall good of the group, away from jail, against the delicate situation of being engaged in the line of a Central Intelligence investigation.
"Oh, good, so we´re not going to jail, and we´re going back to Neria B on behalf of the official Sex Brigade," said Lanai. Clarity looked at Lanai, and nodded. Lanai was the one who always ignored the existence of danger, real or potential, when she didn´t see it. She had such a good nature, that and all of her personality overwhelmed adversity, even in the presence of it. She reached for her jacket.
"Give me your copy of Decadence," said Clarity, "the one Knocke overlooked inside the limousine, with the passes. It´s time to take a closer look at pleasure."
"Pleasure and Elony," said Flower, "if possible with Penelope. I want to know why she became a sex goddess. In fact, I think I want to have goddess sex with her."
"Yeah, we want to know what it means for her schedule to be a sex goddess," said Cynthia, looking at Jenna.
Clarity looked at Flower. When she felt like negotiating conditions for a girls´ outing, they could be in for hours.
"Elony, with pleasure, without paying for that lotion," said Taimi.
"Pleasure and Elony, with the DJ of Neria B," said Cynthia. She grinned at Jenna, who smiled at the coy comment.
"Personally, I like Knocke, he turns me on, he´s a gentleman, and he likes to read interesting books," said Lanai. Clarity grabbed Lanai´s book and took a closer look at the passes. They included an ad with the name of a business, the Fuzzy Bunny fantasy clothing shop, in Nassau, a good place to start their investigation and find Avalon.
"Yeah, I think we may see Knocke again. Let´s focus on Decadence, I mean on Elony, not on decadence for us, on Elony in the context of decadence, I mean, on the word Rosebud, let´s say." The girls looked at her and giggled.
"You can say what you like about this mission of yours, we see that you like pleasure like us," said Cynthia. Lanai held the arm of Clarity, with a worried look on her face. Clarity sighed. If there was one thing she disliked, it was her friends spotting her moments of weakness, of subconsciously having revealed that she was more turned on by their mission than what she let others see.
"Yeah, that book made an impression on you, didn´t it? Have you been thinking of tupperware sex lately?" said Lanai.
Chapter Six
Clarity and the girls took a taxi out of the Wyndham Nassau and Crystal Palace Casino, instructing the driver to leave them at the Fuzzy Bunny shop, in the area of Coral Heights East, south of Providence island, near the Bacardi Rum distillery.
"Let´s stop at the beach for a swim," said Cynthia. Clarity looked at the white sand and the blue water, and nearly accepted, but she convinced the group to go to the shop first. The woman at reception was stern, her face serious, her motions inquisitive.
"We´d like to attend the Elony resort, we have our passes." The woman, named Miela Ashcroft, looked at the passes that Clarity handed to her.
"Yes, they´re genuine, good, you´ll have to change first."
"Change?"
"Yes, you have to wear the bunny suit to get there. Try them, it´s a prerequisite to attend the resort. The van will be here in twenty minutes to drive you to the airport." Clarity opted for a white-eared bunny suit. Only Flower was undecided as to which bunny style she preferred.
"I´m not sure, I like all of them." She grabbed one of the ears of Clarity, and folded it repeatedly right and left, playing with the ear in her hand. The woman made a call, and ten minutes later, Penelope Avalon appeared, debonaire, dressed in pink suit, and smiling. She spoke with her luscious, sexy voice.
"Guests?"
"Yes, we´ve decided to attend the resort."
"Good, I´m here to take you there. Have they signed the papers?"
"Not yet," said Miela.
Penelope´s phone rang, and her face became serious. After a few seconds of tense conversation, she pressed the off-call button and assessed the group of girls in front of her.
"Sign the papers, quick, let´s go, somebody´s looking for us, I think, the doorman of Neria B just called to inform me. Take care, Miela, no more guests until the next infomercial, and no more free passes to anybody. From now on, our personal growth services are pay-only. I´ll see you in a few hours at Neria A."
"Got you, I´ll take a charter plane as usual." She handed over five copies of a ten page vacation agreement which included the consent to becoming part of adult activities such as 'Ludi Saeculares', a set of adult games dating from the Roman era. She leafed to the last page of the agreement, and found the reference to the resort, named Neria A, located in a private area of an island in the Caribbean, unrevealed to keep the private spirit of the place intact. The girls looked at Clarity, who nodded, and each of them signed the papers. She brushed aside one of her bunny ears, which kept falling in front of her, and read her own copy quickly, looking for a length of stay. The only words she found were 'indefinite stay'.
"How long is the stay?"
"It depends on you, it can be short or long. Don´t worry, you´ll get a bottle of Elony, and remember, it´s free for you," said Avalon. 
The stare of the sex goddess became insistent, forcing Clarity to decide. She thought of Donway and the prospect of prison in Cuba, and sighed, having reached a decision. She was the last to sign, and handed her copy to Miela. Avalon took her passes and led them to a pink van. They drove to Nassau International Airport, bypassing the parking lot and entering the plane area through a grille, until they reached 'Love Go-Go', Avalon´s Learjet which was being refuelled.
"Where are we going?" Asked Clarity.
"I´ll tell you when we´re flying," said Avalon. She looked at her watch nervously, as though she felt an unfriendly presence nearby. Clarity stepped last into the Learjet, which smelled of executive leather. They sat on large seats that felt like first class comfort, and the plane took off, after Avalon closed the door. Lanai turned her head towards the window and one of her bunny ears flew by Clarity.
"I´m your guide for beauty and pleasure, consider me your private instructor on orgasm and personal development. Do you have questions on Decadence, that book is crucial for your initiation of worldly pleasures."
"Worldly pleasures, I like that," said Taimi.
"I didn´t know we were being initiated into anything," said Cynthia.
"It´s part of the package we found, what´s our first pleasure?" Asked Clarity.
Penelope didn´t answer. She pressed on a button and the floor panels sided open, revealing a vertical wind tunnel. She pressed on a button again and the wind tunnel activated, acting as indoor skydiving area. Flower stood up and jumped in with her usual, careless enthusiasm, to engage in the untested waters of a new endeavor. She came face to face with Clarity, her body lying horizontally, while Clarity stared at her, standing up.
"I´m floating," said Flower. Her dress lifted off to the ceiling of the plane, leaving her in white underwear and sandals.
"That should feel more comfortable," said Penelope.
"I´m comfortable, I just don´t know where my dress went." Penelope used a stick with a hook to get Flower´s dress. She walked towards the washroom door, throwing the dress inside a clothe washup tube.
"It´s warm where we´re going, an island in the Bahamas, no need for a dress."
"Can I do that," asked Taimi.
"Sure, the Love Go-Go can take up to ten indoor skydivers." Taimi and Cynthia took off their bunny clothes, staying in underwear, and jumped on the air tunnel.
"Come join us, Clarity, this is fun," said Cynthia. The clothes of the girls were lifting off too quickly. Penelope wanted them without clothes to assert her influence over them, of that Clarity was certain. Yet, the woman was friendly, and made her feel comfortable. In addition, things were going well, and they had avoided jail for now. The only problem, she thought, is that they only had ten dollars each.
"Just a second, I´m going to the bathroom first. Lanai, can you explain that section of Decadence that I don´t understand to Penelope?" Lanai lifted her eyebrows, as she took off her bunny ears.
"That section, that section, oh yes, that section, yes, no problem, I´ll do that. Penelope, come here, there´s a section on the pleasure of contemplation which my friend doesn´t completely understand. In fact, I don´t understand why there are four levels of heaven, and why heaven is so real for this book." The woman in pink suit approached Lanai, and Clarity smelled her perfume for the first time as the Elony spokesperson walked in front of her, leaving her smartphone on the round table of the Learjet.
It was Chanel number five, Clarity was sure of that, a scent developed by master perfumer Ernest Beaux for Gabrielle 'Coco' Chanel, which included the smell of Rose, jasmine, orris-iris-root and natural musks. Cynthia had introduced her to the famous perfume, and she had never considered buying it on her own due to the expensive price, but the scent was unique, and she remembered it well. She came to realize that the oddity was the presence of the perfume with the loose pink suit. The casual look of the suit, more apt to a Vegas showgirl, didn´t match the elegance of the perfume. Working at Elony or for Elony really did have the effect of changing someone. That scared Clarity but also made her mission tremendously attractive.
Despite the perfume-clothing oddity, Clarity became attracted to Avalon in one go, not only physically, but to all of her, and to her way of life, including her suit. She nearly walked towards her to kiss her. She wanted to be a sex goddess like her, not forever, but enough to know what Avalon knew about the intimate pleasures of a woman. Immediately, she focused her stare on the go-go´s smartphone. Knowing that her temptation of knowing pleasure up close was not completely devoid of frivolous self indulgence, Clarity took the communication phone item of Penelope while the go-go girl wasn´t looking, and stepped inside the luxurious bathroom, dialing the number of Shazaiah, a good friend and the woman who had kindly invited them as entertainers on the ocean liner City of Wellington.
"This is Clarity, we´re in trouble."
"Where are you?"
"We´re on a plane going to a private resort in one of the islands of the Bahamas, and Central Intelligence is tracking us. I´m slightly altered by the fact that we may not be able to leave."
"What can I do to help?"
"Can you try and find us?"
"I´ll give it a go, what am I looking for?"
"Some type of hedonist resort, there shouldn´t be that many in the Bahamas. The resort is owned by Cassandra Scafarel, the owner of a cosmetics business empire." She calmed down, hearing the reassuring sound of Shazaiah saying that they should simply do what is more or less expected of them. The phone went dead, because the battery was empty. It was time to return the phone to Penelope, and to test the wind tunnel.
Chapter Seven
Clarity opened the window of the grey and cream A8 Marathon Checker taxi with checkerboard trim, built in Kalamazoo, Michigan, and stared at the giant sign announcing the name of the 'Decadent Leisure' resort owned by Cassandra Scafarel, 'Hexas Style Resort, Eleuthera Branch'. They had landed on the island of Eleuthera, in the Bahamas. The girls beside her giggled at the sight of the naked sentinel at the entrance turret. The small tower was shaped as a cocktail glass made of wood, including a straw rising from the top. The guard was performing his due diligence daywatch duties, nightstick in hand, but 'au Naturel'.
While Jenna reached back to get a closer look at the guard, Clarity read the small letterprint on the sign: Nudity laws of the Bahamas do not apply inside this Hexas Style resort for Adults Only. Elony beauty lotion is not included with your stay in the island of Eleuthera, nor are many amenities included in our personal development program. Remember a hot tub also serves its original purpose to simply relax, and remember to eat before and after each Hexas Style pleasure. The current lawsuit with Atrium Resorts may affect the length of your stay.
"We´ll start with some pool games, to bring meaning to the word fountain fun," said Penelope.
"I love pool games," said Jenna.
"Everyone´s so good looking here," said Cynthia. Clarity looked at the well kept grass line on both sides of the road leading to their accommodations and listened to the conversation between two attractive women walking a few feet away towards a log cabin. Dressed casually in white color lace hipster briefs and strapless bras made by 'Agent Provocateur', the two good looking women in their thirties were discussing the effect of an Elony-based supplement on their lovemaking, a moisturizing emollient which kept the surface of the clitoris sensitive.
"I didn´t think it would bring me to climax several times. I mean a single drop kept it tingling for hours."
"I saw you, you did really well with that lotion, it works, must be the way they boiled the purified water in the lotion. I´ll buy a bottle of it I think." The natural, calm look of the women, combined with the topic of the conversation, rarely heard in public, aroused Clarity, and made her feel revitalized and healthy at the same time. At times, she spoke of casual sex with Lanai and Cynthia, but never with such openness or explicitness of depiction. That sense of being in a forbidden area of pleasure, rarely shown in society, stirred her own feminine dampness, bringing the arousal to the surface of her thinking, and raising her body temperature. She let go of some tension in the chest area and gratified herself in the subsequent relaxing sensation of warmth.
"Why are there only women here?" Asked Lanai. Avalon seemed annoyed by the comment.
"Men are only in charge of security here, their presence is accessory. Only Cassandra and Avene can indulge in pleasure with them, and only they can take turns with Knocke. The men are extremely loyal to both Cassandra and Avene, but only to both of them. I still don´t understand why. By the way, no one calls Cassandra Cassandra. She´s Lady Scafarel for all of us."
Avalon led them to their quarters, named 'Propylaea Collonade A', a series of modern low rises decorated with stone carvings, before carefully dividing the girls into two groups. One group included Lanai, Jenna, Taimi, and Flower, while she was assigned a room with an ocean view, with Cynthia. Lanai knocked on their door and Penelope opened. Clarity became aware that they had no money, no passports, no return ticket, and no way of letting Donway know their location. She started inquiring about the possible ways to leave Hexas.
"Do you know where our passports are, I´d like to think that you kept them?" Asked Clarity.
"That´s out of my reach, now, Maxene placed them inside Lady Scafarel´s personal item."
"An item of pleasure?" Asked Lanai.
"An item for personal belongings, sort of a safe, but not really, it´s jewelry as well. Take a closer look, it´s there." Avalon pointed to a large painting on the far wall of the room, depicting an intricate egg made of varicolored gold, opalescent blue enamel and watercolor on ivory. Clarity walked towards the painting, looking at the title etched in copper, at the bottom: Xenia Imperial Pelican Fabergé egg - Private Collection of Maria Feodorovna, Empress Consort of Russia. 1898.
"That´s where our passports are, I see, it´s a hefty egg, kind of an oddity," said Lanai.
"This egg is unknown to most cosmopolites today, it is an objet de fantaisie unlike any other Fabergé eggs, it was commissioned by Maria Feodorovna exclusively to provide, handle and store all of her private items of pleasure. It went through the hands of Occidental Petroleum tycoon Armand Hammer, an art collector with close ties with the Soviet Union. No one knows what happened after Hammer owned it, a similar egg is in the U.S. at the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts, but no one knows about this one, except well informed people like Lady Scafarel."
"I guess we´re part of her pleasure, now, Lady Scafarel´s pleasure, that is," said Lanai, "why would she do that, the empress I mean, Maria Feodorovna?"
"Russian society at the time was very conservative. This was the outlet of feminine pleasure that nobody knew existed. And Cassandra is one of the few people who know what was inside, in fact, some of those items are part of our advanced, personal development offerings. Even I don´t know of them yet, still working on stage three, understanding how to bring affluence without the use of material items."
"Advanced offerings, meaning," said Cynthia.
"Heaven number four, the last and definite stage in your understanding of pleasure, once you´ve understood how to handle Elony in a comprehensive way, without money, by the way." She turned her head towards Clarity. "What´s your name?"
"Clarity," said the teleoperator.
Clarity inquired about the location of Scafarel within the resort. When she was present at Hexas, Scafarel stayed in a large stone building replica of the ancient Minoan palace of Knossos, a Greek mythological site excavated by archaeologist Arthur Evans, allegedly built by Daedalus, who made wings of feathers and wax to escape the palace with his son Icarus.
"How do you pay for things around here?" Asked Clarity.
"There is no money at Hexas, everything revolves around the notion of service. You´ll see, it´s our first stage in personal development, it´s heaven to do away with money, once you try it."
Chapter Eight
Clarity paid attention to the Imperial egg depicted in the painting on the wall of her room. According to an illustration below the egg, the egg was hollow, and unfolded into a screen of four miniatures, made with ivory, each depicting a particular heaven. She was deeply attracted to the notion of creating a heaven through material items, somehow the thought of adults being able to live in harmony, turned her on tremendously, touching a delicate fiber of her spiritual nature, naked. She stepped closer to the miniatures, but couldn´t grasp the illustrations depicted with enough clarity to understand them. She turned her back and saw Lanai and Cynthia lying on their stomach, while Avalon was sitting astride on them, caressing their back.
"I love the service here," said Lanai.
"What is inside those miniatures," asked Clarity.
"Each miniature explains a particular notion of heaven that Maria Feodorovna actually embodied," said Avalon.
"Heaven is a notion particular to religion, it has nothing to do with someone´s real life, it has to do with the afterlife."
"That´s not the case, Clarity, I´m in heaven right now," said Lanai.
"Me too," said Cynthia, "let´s postpone the pool games, in fact, this is better. Clarity, take that suit off Penelope, she needs to be comfortable to provide a relaxing massage."
Clarity looked at their friends and noticed Avalon pulling down her zipper to expose her perfect thirty five inch cleavage. Avalon wasn´t saying anything, she simply reached for the blouses of Lanai and Cynthia, and unbuttoned them, before doing the same with their bras. Then, she spoke to Clarity.
"You like the egg, that´s nice, well, heaven is more than a notion, it´s something very specific and present on earth, simply it´s not something which is very well known yet." Avalon pointed Clarity towards a large feather on a chest of drawers, and the teleoperator with auburn hair reached for it, standing beside the bed where her friends were dozing off.
"So what are the four heavens offered here?" She asked.
"Well, the first heaven is doing away with money. Second Heaven is underway with your friends, it´s understanding how to use Elony erotically instead of just as beauty lotion. The third is more intricate, it involves ceremonial offerings and long hours of high sex, and the fourth means you simply don´t leave this place anymore, once you know of it. I can´t tell you what it is until you´re ready. But I´ve been told, you´re permanent."
"Permanent, what does that mean, in terms of our ranking," said Cynthia.
"You´re staying here for a while," said Avalon.
"Good, let´s work on heaven number one," said Lanai.
"Yes, I´ll check to ensure she´s reached it," said Cynthia. Penelope glared at Clarity, who started sensing that Avalon simply wanted to be with her friends right away without her being present. Somehow, Avalon had seen that Clarity wasn´t as easy a guest at Hexas Style.
"There´s lotion in my cabin, Parthena area, Artemis room. Could you do me a favor and get a large bottle of Elony from my closet?" Clarity handed the feather to Avalon, who placed it on the back of Lanai, at the base of her spine.
"Yes, no problem, I´ll get the lotion in y0ur cabin."
"Leave your clothes there, on my bed, you won´t need them," said Avalon smiling.
Clarity left their room, room delta phi kappa in Collonade A, and walked casually towards the cabin of Penelope Avalon. In the distance, she could see a group of women dressed in white, translucent togas, playing volleyball on a sand area. All areas of the resort were indicated by poles with wooden arrows on top. For a second, she was tempted to take her clothes off and walk back to her room naked with a bottle of Elony, but a passage of Decadence on the permanent nature of pleasure made her think again. Instead of going towards the 'Parthena' area, she followed directions to the accounting area, coming face to face with Miela, the woman from the Fuzzy Bunny shop in Nassau. Her face was serious, but she seemed more at ease inside the resort.
"Well, hello Miela, nice to see you again. Hey, Penelope sent me, can you get a bottle of Elony for Penelope in her room, she´s busy now building heaven number one with my friends, in 'Propylaea Collonade A', and told me to get acquainted with the accounting department so that I can do away with money here, simply working." Miela didn´t react, but Clarity didn´t lose her nerve.
"Simply working, no money, that´s the idea here to do away with money here, to reach the first stage in our personal development?" Miela kept her poker face and took several seconds to answer Clarity, because she couldn´t understand why Clarity was asking the question.
"Yes, that is the case, you work to attain pleasure here, without any money, which friends are with Penelope?" Asked the woman. She lifted from the chair and eyed the cleavage of Clarity, brushing against her jeans.
"The one with black hair, and the one who looks like a cheerleader, Cynthia."
"Keep my spot over there, in the accounting room, I´ll be back in three hours. Don´t touch anything and read the accounting manuals, they´re on that bench over there."
"No problem, my pleasure, I mean your pleasure."
Clarity opened the door of the accounting room. She checked the computer and opened the accounting software application. Before working as teleoperator at Stevenson Garden Products, Cynthia had brought her to the accounting and treasury department where she had worked as assistant to a manager in charge of sending transfers prepared by the accountants. She was familiar with treasury operations, and found with little effort, the file corresponding to the transfers performed that day.
She looked for evidence of fraud at Hexas, but couldn´t find any indication about Elony, its cost, or where it was manufactured or distributed. There were about twenty thousand dollars in the cash account of Hexas, enough to alert someone of their presence. The name 'Atrium Cubiculum' surfaced among several payers to Hexas. The rival resort, a replica of a Patrician roman home, paid Hexas for their safe deposit boxes, made of cement, and Hexas was in charge of delivering and installing them.
She looked at the Atrium file, which was linked to the accounting file, and found out that several safe deposit boxes were being destroyed daily at Atrium. Below one of the receipts from Atrium, she found a wire transfer sent from Hexas to Knocke´s bank account in the Bahamas, for 'Atrium Safe Deposit Refurbishings, Recyclings, and Permanent Erasings.' Knocke was the one who was destroying the boxes at Atrium to scare away customers and close the place, thought Clarity. Quickly becoming familiar with the wire transfer computer icons and menus, she sent a transfer in the amount of three hundred dollars, to Atrium, titled 'help us, we´re trapped at Hexas Style, they want us here forever, and they´re destroying your safe deposit boxes', and closed all files. She looked around the room, and heard the sound of a pigeon near the window. Three pigeons were held in a cage, which said 'Nassau regular mail for Lady Scafarel - Eleuthera airmail Transport Company - send to Neria B every seven days, in the care of Buddha Talk'. The pigeons, my luck, she thought.
Looking closer at the pigeons, she noticed each had a metal tag attached to their legs. One of them had the name Neria B written on the tag. She wrote a quick message on a piece of paper explaining the location of Hexas Style in Eleuthera to Donway, and placed the pulp item on one of the pigeon legs, attaching it with an elastic. Carefully, she picked up the pigeon and set it free through the window, watching it as it flew away above the cabins of the resort. Then, she dialled a Nassau number to leave a message at the Wyndham for the Brigade Inspector, just in case the pigeon faltered.
Unfortunately, the phone line was down, it didn´t work, nothing new or modern seemed to work at Hexas, everything was old fashioned, according to the fashion of the ancient Greek, in fact. She wasn´t ready at all to accept the notion that she was a permanent guest of the Greek resort, but didn´t want Donway at the resort so soon either, until they found enough evidence to arrest Scafarel for fraud. She sighed and closed the window, watching the two remaining pigeons look at her. At least one single pigeon was able to get out of Hexas Style on its own.
Chapter Nine
Clarity listened to the pleasant churping of the birds at the Hexas Style resort, a sound coming from outside the window of the accounting room. She peeked outside and saw a self standing fountain colonnade made with cream colored travertine, of six sculpted feminine figures depicting the maidens of Karyai, one of them streaming water intermittently into a rock basin filled with water. In front of the fountain, a woman in a bikini covered by a translucent white toga moved around, trying to catch and swallow the water stream from one of the stone maidens before the stream hit the basin. Clarity waved at her to say hi.
"What are you doing?" The woman turned to Clarity and approached the window.
"I´m trying to catch flaw, that´s the meaning of the purified water of this fountain of feminine perfection. My name is Optesia."
"What work do you do here, I mean to avoid paying services offered with money."
"I´m a Hestian, I´ve overcome the need for money, and I´m starting to understand how to become a perfect hostess to reach heaven number two. Perfection is simply catching flaw before it happens, before the water falls to the ground, so to speak, and this effort of catching water strengthens my will."
"I see," said Clarity, "I´m different, perfection´s still trying to catch on to me,  my flaws are endless, out of bounds really, that´s why I prefer to use Elony only to tan. Well, have a fun search of perfection."
A beeping noise scattered Clarity´s thoughts. It was an alarm clock, alerting Miela of imminent lunch time. The front door of the office opened in one go, revealing the tilted head of Knocke holding a walkie talkie spitting air weather messages.
"What are you doing here?" Asked Knocke. Clarity´s ideas tumbled with the sudden presence of the unpleasant man in charge of security. All of the momentous wisdom received by way of the Elony infomercial and the observance of Scafarel´s egg merged in Clarity´s mind into a single idea.
"Simply learning accounting, I´m doing work, to make up the fact that I have no money, that is I work to provide a service," said Clarity.
"Yes, still, what are you doing here in particular," said Knocke.
"My service will be useful, hopefully, here and outside this resort. And I will have observed in accounting terms exactly how much money I would have earned in order to pay for the service such as lunch, which is not included here, I think. Would you like to come to lunch with me?"
"No, no meals are included here. But you got it wrong, you should be learning to live completely without money, simply exchanging service. What did you touch, Miela should be here," said the head of security. He spoke briefly on his walkie talkie for a few minutes, and kept Clarity from moving towards the door. After ten minutes, Miela came in, with her usual look devoid of any smile, glaring at Clarity immediately.
"I spoke with Penelope, this one´s bound for the bath immediately," said Miela, "she lied to me, she refused Elony and just wants to leave, a bit sturdy of head." In such cases of being clearly outnumbered, Clarity opted for distracting the attention of the attacking guerilla members, by focusing their attention on other members, who might not be sharing equally in the dangers of the mission.
"Where are my friends, what are you doing with them?"
"Your friends are being put to work, just like you will be, in your own way. The girl named Lanai has been sent to study the book of Decadence in more detail with other scribes. The women named Taimi will be a lifeguard of Lady Scafarel´s pool until she proves her usefulness. Your roommate, Cynthia, has been a cheerleader, she´s in good shape. She will be an assistant of Penelope and will be trained to become a go-go at Neria B like her. And your friends Jenna and Flower will become Hestian servants, attending to the maintenance of Hexas Style as hostesses."
Miela led Clarity to the living area of Penelope Avalon, while Knocke called on two private assistants of Avalon, dressed as French maids, to personally take Clarity to her balneae, a hot area meant for washing out any spiritual sturdiness after entering Hexas Style. The two elegant maids, Lavia and Lidia, about thirty years of age, led Clarity into a fresh room scented with white rose petals. Lavia led Clarity to a changing room and started to unclothe her, while Lidia watched.
"What is happening exactly?" Asked Clarity.
"You have to stay in the washing pool naked for two hours, then we´ll take you to your room, which is next to Penelope´s bedroom. You´re her private assistant now, it´s a good job, you might even know some day what´s inside Lady Scafarel´s Fabergé egg. The meaning of permanent pleasure."
"I thought Penelope didn´t like my presence in the accounting area."
"She didn´t, but you showed presence of mind, Penelope likes that."
"I see, how come you don´t want to leave this place?"
"We´re happy here, there are compensations of deep pleasure and satisfaction in return for working for Lady Scafarel. Seeing someone like you coming in, inexperienced, for instance, naked."
Clarity became suddenly aroused when she noticed the two women were staring at her naked body. Intimate parts of her became firm, paying tribute to both women. She walked in front of the two maids and stepped inside a bath filled with silky white milk.
"What is this fluid, it´s so silky and nice."
"It´s much better than Elony, it´s authentic goat milk, thickened with cream, what the Roman matrons did to stay young. Just think of your body while you´re inside, and how open it can be, your meridians will also open eventually. Listen to your body, by observing how your pleasure moves inside, instead of adding noise by making contact with your body with your hands. Avoid touching, and the gate of permanent pleasure will open." The other maid brushed the mini skirt of the one who had spoken, lifting it, showing her tanned bum.
"We´re Greek, Penelope wants us to act as though we were Greek women. You shouldn´t say that, with the Atrium lawsuit going on, Lady Scafarel dislikes anything Roman these days."
"You´re right." She turned to Clarity. "You´re a Greek Goddess now, simply think that you´re built for long lasting pleasure, and that we´re helping you discover where that pleasure, dormant until now, lies."
After five hours, Clarity stepped out of the bath area, helped by the maids who had ensured Clarity stayed bathing for three hundred minutes. They gave her a light plate with grilled vegetables and mineral water, before leading Clarity to her bed. She felt relaxed and warm, and at the same awake and aroused by the long bath and the two women simply watching her through. Her body called to be touched, yet an idea came into her mind. What if she didn´t touch her body to calm the natural instincts of a woman as she usually did?
After a few seconds of digesting this new way of relating to herself, she kept with her idea, struggling at times to simply feel her body pleasure instead of wanting pleasure and destroying refined perception through touch itself. Thoughts of Penelope providing advice on how to heighten her own arousal entered her mind, and her stomach area simply relaxed with a pleasant burning sensation coming from her lower body.
She focused her mind on her navel and felt the sudden sensation that she was good, very good, a good woman blessed with the virtue of being pleasant, a woman knowing what it meant to be good, a woman liking to be good, a strong woman who was very healthy and also very good looking. Oh God, she was so good looking, she loved her body, every single facet of it.
A rush came into her head and her thoughts merged into a sense of sublime unity, closeness, proximity, with God, the universe, and her own sense of purpose, warmed by a feeling of intense orgasm and sexual ecstasy simply pervading her body from her stomach to her head. After thirty long minutes of experiencing this new way of relating to herself and sensing her own pleasure, allowing it to rise and fall, instead of wanting it, her mind returned to thinking mode, and her arousal lowered all the way to a neutral, normal sense of being.
She´d reached heaven, heaven number four, real heaven for the first time in her life, and didn´t know how it had happened. Simply, she was built like that, to experience sexual ecstasy. Now, the question became how to get out of her golden cage, getting in touch with her friends, and how to avoid the other three heavens she didn´t need, associated with Elony, a beauty lotion she didn´t need either, while figuring out the real motives of Penelope Avalon, an ambivalent presence in her life, someone completely unsure of her own virtue, unlike her.
Chapter Ten
Clarity woke up refreshed around eight AM the next morning, listening to an Audubon Shearwater, a common tropical seabird found in the Bahamas, which she´d seen on the cover of a National Geographic magazine. She glanced at the lounge chair before her, looking for her washed jeans and loafers. She noticed her clothes had disappeared, taken by Lavia or Lidia most likely, and substituted by a thick, white cotton towel. The smell of scrambled eggs from across the room stirred her appetite. The door opened and her friend Lanai appeared smiling, carrying a platter of eggs with broiled potatoes, shrimp, watermelon, apple and pineapple pieces, along with a mug steaming hot earl grey tea.
"I brought you breakfast, you haven´t been good Penelope tells us, we´re just letting you know that we´re through with money, we´ve reached heaven number one," said Lanai. Clarity rubbed her eyes and got up, grabbing the towel to cover herself. Behind Lanai, Clarity saw Jenna, Flower, Cynthia and Taimi, each with their schedule for the day, each carrying a copy of Decadence, talking lively with Avalon, Knocke and Miela.
"Jenna and Cynthia are going to test items of pleasure for Hexas, Taimi´s going to meet Lady Scafarel, and we´re all getting room and board in return. It´s a good deal," said Lanai. "I´m learning massage directly from Penelope, and I´m in charge of reading Decadence. The book´s pretty good, it has some good points."
"Did they tell you that we can recover our passports?"
"Not really, but they didn´t say we couldn´t, or that we couldn´t leave either. We just have to test some pleasure equipment made for women, and see whether it´s better with or without Elony. After a couple of weeks, we´ll leave the place, and we´ll have spent a lovely vacation here."
"Elony´s not approved by the FDA, Lanai."
"It smells very nice though, you should try a little. Permanent pleasure´s not so bad Clarity, this place is special, and I want to know what´s in that Fabergé egg after I finish reading Decadence. Penelope gave a body to body massage to Jenna and Cynthia with her breasts and let me watch them. I was taking notes, we were all naked, it was not only fun, Penelope knows what she´s doing with her pleasure, she knows where to touch exactly, she found my rosebud, and it wasn´t where I thought it was, it´s not right above our petals."
"The rosebud´s a pretty clear description for me, when it´s active, you see the rosebud, when it´s not, you don´t see it," said Clarity.
"No, according to Decadence, the rosebud is below your navel and goes through to the sacral area, it´s called the wheel of self, the center of your emotions, satisfaction and creativity, our very pleasure principle. Anyway, just wanted to let you know that that´s how I overcame money, by focusing on my other rosebud and reading specific passages of Decadence several times."
"I see, well my rosebud´s different, it´s not as proactively aligned with this resort or with Avalon yet. I´m not through with money, I like money, I love the idea of money, wealth and prosperity. In fact, I´m going to let Avalon know that I´d like to see some real money, after breakfast, as soon as I find my clothes."
Clarity ate breakfast, enjoying the scrambled eggs and the fruit. She placed aside her plate and lifted her eyes. Lanai was leaving Avalon´s Periplae colonnade, and she waved goodbye at Clarity. The girls left with Miela and Clarity felt lost and isolated without them. She looked at Knocke and Avalon, pleading for kindness.
"Good, we´re going to place you in a pleasure dilemma, let´s do it in my room, I need to know why you´re so attached to money," said Avalon. Clarity´s thinking turned to the showgirl dressed in pink. Knocke led her to Avalon´s room. Knocke left the room and closed the door, leaving her with Avalon for the first time.
"Well, how does it feel to work for a sex goddess like me?" Said Avalon. Clarity tugged her towel to her right shoulder.
"You crave my attention, don´t you?" Said Clarity. Avalon glared at Clarity and jumped out of her pink suit getting naked before her. Clarity had never seen such a perfect body. Her breasts were apple shape perfect, her waist slim, her legs long, her bum firm and perky, her features refined, her light brown hair thick and shiny, and her gait athletic. She was shaved everywhere. She brushed the towel off Clarity and sat her down on a light wood chair near the room´s desk, which displayed her image through a mirror across.
"I am the owner of my own attention," said Penelope.
"Your subtle power ways reveal your true intention, to take my sexual strength, whatever form it may take and however long it may take you." Avalon lifted her hands off Clarity.
"You may be wise some day, but you´re not seeing properly. Here´s the choice, Clarity, your friends have been more reasonable than you, they´re simply having a good time and they chose well. Either you work for me for the next five years willingly, or your friends will be sent away from the resort to work for the various businesses of Lady Scafarel related to pleasure, elsewhere, outside the Bahamas. We received orders from Buddha Talk to keep you here until further notice. He said you entered Lofty Bank through the golf cart vault entrance, and no one does that without signing the fifty year work lease agreement with Lofty, which you haven´t done."
"I´m still trying to figure out the investment profile of Lofty´s twenty percent return investment deposit." Avalon placed her hands on her shoulders and looked at her with suspiciously lewd intentions.
"Lofty´s for high profile investors, you don´t have that kind of money, you need my guidance to show you affluence and wealth, but that´s after heaven number four for you." Clarity had to accept that she liked affluence, although she sensed that Avalon knew more about the Cayman Islands bank deposit. Clearly, Avalon was seducing her, but oddly, the seduction was working.
"So, assuming I work with you, not for you, I´m going to learn the secrets of feminine pleasure from you and get my clothes back?"
"Yes, we´re training you to become skilled at understanding feminine pleasure, very precisely. You´ll feel very, very clean. Your friends are good, but you´re better, you´re set for my position when I move on to a position closer to that of Lady Scafarel. That may happen in five years if you do good work with me distributing Elony." Clarity got up and reached for the towel that Avalon had thrown on the bed. She let the attractive beauty lotion goddess know that she liked some aspects of the offer, like seeing good looking, affluent women naked and being able to understand how they thought.
"My rosebud is at odds, I need some time to think it over, can you get me to that intricate egg displayed in our room?" Avalon smiled and nodded.
 "No, but you can tell me about your rosebud anytime, though, honey."
Clarity blushed, but held the stare. She couldn´t help lowering her eyes after a minute, towards Avalon's lower navel area. God, she was so nice and clean, and feminine, strong, young, sexy and healthy. And older, a few years older. Yet, it was her vanity which prevented her to walk forward into her arms and kiss her. Avalon opened the door and walked naked to the main entrance, leaving Clarity on her own, locked inside. Clarity stepped outside the go-go´s room and noticed a bottle of Elony placed on a shelf near the entrance of Avalon´s low rise. She reached for the bottle of Elony and looked at the expiration date. Oddly, the lotion had expired. Using a clip, she erased the date and exchanged the bottle with the bottle of Elony that was placed on Avalon´s night table. Minutes later, Avalon came back with her clothes.
"Deal, I´ll work as your assistant and be your fuzzy bunny," said Clarity.
Avalon placed her loafers at the bedside and threw the washed jeans and white cotton panties to the teleoperator with auburn hair.
"Excellent, some day you´ll be a sex goddess like me," said Avalon.
Chapter Eleven
Clarity listened to an odd eastern tonality, while she performed a few interesting chores for Avalon, like placing several boxes of Elony near the entrance of Avalon´s apartment, and ordering the various collections of her white, embroidered lingerie in a set of open drawers, which is how Avalon liked to display her clothes. She followed the sound and saw the source of it. Laid on top of one of the intimate clothing drawers, she picked up a device meant as a smartphone, one that looked like a Blackberry but different, longer.
This device had a different type of keyboard, with more than the twenty six letters of the western alphabet. The keys were magnificent, white against a grey plastic background, and a backlit screen, with characters displaying an exotic language, one she´d never seen before. She counted thirty five distinct symbols in the keyboard. She turned the device around, to the part including the batteries. An unknown brand name etched against the surface of the plastic sprang to attention, 'Pentatone Scale Remote Learning Systems'.
"I got that from Lady Scafarel, it´s a Thai alphabet calligraphy and symbolic decriptor, it also serves as mantra tone guide, and as a full range smartphone using the Global Positioning System."
"Very nice, I see it also uses three, small, round batteries, it´s a very low consumption item, where did you get it, I´ve never heard of this brand or seen these characters before." Clarity turned around and caught Penelope taking off her clothes, bending away from her to look at a set of sandals, showing her legs, behind and lips in perfect alignment. Her breathing fastened despite her. She stepped closer to her and noticed the long shaft protecting her rosebud. Avalon noticed Clarity and donned a pink cotton shirt and button jeans, without any panties.
"Singapore, these suppliers can´t be found anywhere, they´re extremely difficult to reach. There´s less than ten made of these in the world." Clarity changed the subject.
"Why can´t anybody see what´s in Lady Scafarel´s egg?"
"No one can open that egg, I´ve been working here for five years and I haven´t figured out how to do it. Pleasure is the greatest reward, Clarity, but it´s also difficult to reach consistently. Everyday tasks get in the way." Clarity stepped towards the kitchen counter to grab a bottle of strawberry juice, but stumbled on one of the Elony boxes hidden from view.
"Where are these boxes being distributed, where are they going?"
"Somewhere in Asia and Middle East for our preferred customers, it´s a booming market over there, they love Elony, and ever since I saw Emmanuelle on video, I love oriental women. Ever tried one?"
The casual question surprised Clarity. With every question and comment, Avalon was aiming to break her will, to engage her in Avalon´s style of pleasure with women. Her own arousal at the question told her to be careful with her answer, because her body was telling her to let go of all inhibition.
"No, I like my body the way it is now, I don´t need sex with someone else to show it to me." Avalon stepped towards Clarity and opened the teleoperator´s white cotton blouse, running her hands between her cleavage until she reached her navel. Clarity bit her lip slightly, gasped, and buttoned her blouse calmly.
"Oriental women are different from us, Clarity, they accept their feminine nature very naturally and are very willing to share it with other women. I learned a lot from several Thai Airlines hostesses. Had hours of satisfying sex with them, and finally learned how to use Elony, by placing a small drop of it on the rosebud, simply observing it."
"How many hours?" Asked Clarity. She knew she was teasing Avalon, but wanted to keep the Elony infomercial actress receptive. Avalon bent forward against the table, opening her blouse, brushing her breasts against the table, and smiled.
"Seven hour sessions, that was my longest, some of them can go twenty four hours having sex."
Clarity let out a sound mocking Avalon. That woman was in better shape than she thought.
"That doesn´t exist, twenty four hours of sex straight doesn´t exist."
"It depends on what you view as sex," said Avalon. She stared at Clarity directly, wanting to know her expression on her face. Clarity´s eyes were wide open, still digesting the answer. She had never felt so attracted by another woman, a woman five years older than her which knew much, much more about the sensual raptures of being a woman.
The door opened and Miele came into the room, agitated, and naked from the waist up. A necklace of white pearls adorned her waist.
"It´s Atrium, someone from the Sex Investigation Brigade is there now looking at the papers of our lawsuit with them, Knocke barely had two minutes to leave in a taxi without being seen. Apparently, someone from the Brigade at Neria B received a message from one of our pigeons here revealing the location of Hexas Style. They´re also examining the mortar and I think they may know that Knocke has been breaking the deposit boxes of guests there to drive them away from the resort."
Clarity looked away and stepped into the large closet of Penelope, simply listening to the conversation between both women. She saw Avalon dial a number on her Thai language communicator, and she started speaking guttural sounds to another person. After a few minutes, she turned off the phone.
"Find out who they sent. Put away the pigeons in the mansion, and stop all the conference calls sent out to Bahamas tour operators. The Brigade, it must be Money Fact, that woman will pay, she owes me a pink Pentatone, I beat her last time we fought." Clarity peeked her head from the closet and spoke briefly.
"How did you fight exactly?"
"She was a go-go undercover at China White in London, while I was ensuring that Elony became mass-produced. She nearly seduced me by playing legroll in her apartment, and there was a pink Pentatone at stake, the only one that has ever been built in pink. We sat across naked and folded our legs at knee level, one inside the other. We agreed that the one that pulled the other woman off the ground would win. She won, but she told me who she really was before she pulled, told me that she worked for Central Intelligence, and that I was under arrest. I left, but since then, we´re sworn enemies. I can´t stand losing at legroll, ever since I was placed on the waiting list of Jubilee dancers in Vegas."
"What´s the nature of the lawsuit with Atrium?" Asked Clarity.
"It´s simple, we disagree over the definition of pleasure," said Avalon, "over the meaning of it in fact. But we want to take over that resort."
Chapter Twelve
Clarity rubbed some Elony lotion on the back of Avalon, while the infomercial spokeswoman rested her breasts against her bed, to prevent the air oxidation process from reaching her chest. According to her, the less the breasts were exposed to air particles, the better. Clarity took a closer look at Avalon´s white panties, lifting the garment tag to verify the brand, in case she ran into Avalon at a toga party. Avalon was wearing an extra small ivory color Isabella thong by Myla, made of dusk silk satin, Elastene, and cotton gusset lining. It exposed her backside completely, revealing no tan lines. She tapped her bum with one of her hands. Not a bad choice.
"I feel this rash, I don´t know what it is," said Avalon. "Is the air conditioning on?" Clarity checked the ventilation panel at face level near the entrance door.
"Yes."
"Let´s go check the Agora, at the Attalos area of the resort, we might have to leave earlier than planned."
Avalon got up and Clarity saw her firm breasts less than three feet away from her. They were apple-shaped, pleasing to the eye, nurturing, healthy, and tan. She made an effort to avoid gibbering nonsense to the attractive woman, who donned her pink suit.
"Leave, with us, you mean, where?"
"We´ll see, we have to know who´s after us exactly."
They left Avalon´s collonade and walked through a playground for adults, which included a crystal clear pool and several palm trees. At the core of the playground, several women, including Jenna and Cynthia, including Jenna and Cynthia, dressed in transparent togas, were standing in the shade projected by a large sundial showing local hour in Eleuthera. She looked at Jenna´s back and noticed two small solid metal beads held by a string attached to a necklace on her waist, moving left and right below her sacrum area. The sight of the beads rolling slowly on Jenna´s bum and pulled by gravity, aroused her immediately.
"They´re playing time-still, they can´t move for fifteen minutes, it´s good to strengthen their will and they meditate at the same time. That´s how I fooled the Sex Brigade at Neria B."
They followed an arrow for a few minutes to the Agora, a place to gather in the Greek city-state, a temple entirely built of marble and limestone, with an open air patio inside. Clarity stepped on the stoa of the assembly building, a covered walkway made of Doric columns, creating a secure atmosphere for those studying inside. They stepped inside the sanctuary of the temple, and found Lanai looking at a copy of Decadence held by Flower, using a magnifying glass on a large grey stone inscription filled with Greek letters. Beside her, Miela was typing on a symbolic decriptor similar to the one owned by Avalon various comments on the size of the letters and the calligraphy position with respect other letters. Lanai waved at Clarity but Miela barely lifted her eyes, simply acknowledging the presence of Avalon.
"These letters are inverted, I´m not sure what they say, but they match the image in this book. You have to read this from left to right and from right to left, alternatively with each line of bi-directional text. This is definitely a Boustrophedon like Flower said."
The girl from Hawaii pointed to an illustration in the book, described as the gate of Voluptas de Naturas, or the gate of pleasure.
"Where is the gate of pleasure," asked Avalon. Her impatience intrigued Clarity. To Avalon, it looked as though there actually was a real gate of pleasure in the body.
"One question," said Lanai, "these are physical points of the body, there´s a correspondence with the human body in this text?" Avalon sighed, annoyed by the question. She glanced at her watch.
"Yes, now where is the gate of pleasure according to the Greek stone?"
"I´m not sure, it just says along the wisdom channel, where the sense of balance and strength is held, despite possible adverse forces."
"Is it below the navel?"
"Yes, that´s certain, but it might be what they call the cauldron itself, this area below the navel that serves as a sort of safe neutral energy repository for the body."
Clarity felt a tingling exactly below her navel. She remembered that she hadn´t touched her intimate parts as usual the night before, and suddenly felt a delightful sensation simply looking at her friends. She was feeling an orgasm, but she couldn´t share the experience directly. She kept holding still, until the sensation subsided a few minutes later, allowing her to breathe more comfortably. She looked at the decorated ceiling and felt rejuvenated. Oddly, she wasn´t tired.
Knocke came in with two security guards, driving a hydraulic forklift, pushing away Lanai and Flower from the stone, lifted into the truck.
"Where is the stone going?" He asked.
"Dock 2 S, by the beach, it´s leaving with us," said Penelope. "The private collector´s not getting this, we´re still far off the mark on all the information the stone holds. With this, we multiply the sales of Elony by ten."
"The money of seventy three women who have reached stage two, is safe at Lofty," said Knocke. "Nearly ten million dollars in total, one hundred forty thousand a piece."
"Have the women signed?"
"Getting there, they like the idea of living in the Caribbean."
"Leave them here, we´ve got the money, Lofty will take over. What about stage three, those who have gone on for more than seven hours?"
"Ready for shipment, only two, Optesia and another woman, absolutely no sense of where they are, they´re simply in ecstasy, not interested in sex toys anymore. Like the Duchess of Kensington. It´s astounding, I just don´t understand it."
"Women are shipped here?" Asked Flower. "I love the idea of being shipped, it´s like being a present, it makes you feel so nice and natural and gifty." Clarity ensured that Flower lowered her voice and focused on paragraph two of Decadence describing the sweet nectar of the mouth, which flourished once the gate of pleasure became open.
"Any of them reach stage four?" Interrupted Avalon.
"No, Avene´s still the only one beyond nine hours. She´s the only one to have seen what´s in the egg." Penelope breathed with relief, as though her esteem had been spared a hit.
"I want that egg, Lance, I´ve done most of the work to get these women here. Now that their money´s safe and all the cases of Elony are sold for this year, I want to see what´s inside that Fabergé egg like Avene Maxini and Ivory Kensington have."
"The Duchess of Kensington paid for this resort and still thinks the money is going to Atrium. You know the rules, you´re still attached to money, and you have to get past nine hours of sex with another woman, without interruption, simply observing your naked body. I think Scafarel thinks you might take over the whole resort if she lets you see the egg, that´s why she doesn´t want you to have a private assistant. Let´s get out of here first, we´ll discuss this later," said Knocke.
"Well, I have a private assistant now, that´s why Clarity´s coming with me."
Avalon made a call to the mansion of Scafarel, which was near the white beach area of the resort. Speaking a tongue resembling Sanskrit, she nodded several times, before pressing the off button and turning off the symbolic decriptor.
"We´re out of here, fuel Pink Go-Go, I´m going to be the bait so that Lady Scafarel and Avene can leave. Take the girls and Miela, I´m leaving with this one, with Clarity. Take all the infomercials out of YouTube, and take all the women to the Lofty seven four seven at the airport."
A roaring noise interrupted them. A Bell OH-58 Kiowa Warrior single rotor reconnaissance helicopter hovered on the premises of Hexas Style. Peering from below the shaded area of the Agora of Hexas Style, Clarity looked at it more closely. A pigeon shot out of a tube protruding from the belly of the helicopter. Flying towards the ground, it regained some notion that it was a pigeon about one hundred feet from hitting one of the temple limestone roofs.
Knowing where it was, it flew towards the fountain travertine colonnade of the maidens of Karyai, hopped on the heads of one of the maids for a few seconds, and stepped inside the Hexas Style accounting area through the window. Penelope spoke to Knocke while Lanai and Flower were lifted onto the forklift with the stone.
"The pigeon, I can´t believe they got the pigeon at Neria B. That´s a Central Intelligence helicopter, I recognize the five code number on the helicopter´s fuselage, leave the pigeons here. I´ll call Scafarel to let her know she should leave on the yacht right away."
Chapter Thirteen
Clarity squinted at the scorching Bahamas sun beaming its rays on the island of Eleuthera, in order to watch Lanai walking down a meadow towards the beach, with Flower, Cynthia and Jenna. She couldn´t even speak to either say goodbye to the girls, who were being taken by Miela to a docking area near the sea, part of the Hexas Style pleasure seeking resort. According to a few brief orders given by Avalon, they were headed to the middle East for further training, exposure and distribution, including an appearance at an airport flashmob there. The only girl missing was Taimi, and Avalon wanted to ensure that she left the resort with Miela and the stone as well. Knocke walked towards them, speaking briefly on his smartphone with a representative from the Food and Drug Administration, in charge of the Elony case pending registration and approval.
"The Boustrophedon stone is at dock 2S, Scafarel and Maxini are there aboard the 'Naiad', I have the keys of the resort now, it´s ours. The FDA keeps refusing approval of the lotion for widespread distribution, Penelope, they claim that the modified dihydroxyacetone is causing side effects on the models testing the lotion, some kind of rash. The women have lost their appetite, a few are itching, the FDA doesn´t understand why, but they know it happened after rubbing them with lotion, so they don´t want to take risks by approving Elony."
"I told Scafarel to dismiss the idea of lowering costs too much. This is what happens when you put too much chemical in a beauty lotion. You can´t sell it. She should have made the lotion organic like I told her."
Clarity walked in front of Avalon and Knocke towards the beach area. They entered Scafarel´s quarters, a glass and steel aerie, built on a concrete set of eight pillars sustaining the twenty thousand square foot structure elevated in the air. They climbed a stair leading to the entrance and opened the door. Avalon led her to a baronial room, the chamber where Scafarel introduced Avene Maxini, her private maid and assistant, to the pleasures of extended, high sex. The walls were painted with sentences meant to make you think, such as 'Joy is the staircase of hard work', or 'Wisdom is understanding how to treat a woman', or the less reassuring 'people are prisoners of their own thought forms', which she didn´t like or share. Below the window sill, a pink shade Mae West lip sofa fetched at auction house Christie´s for forty three thousand dollars, gave the place an uplifting, unserious, glamorous look. Sitting on a pedestal, Clarity noticed the Fabergé egg she´d seen in the painting, about ten inches high. Avalon lunged forward towards the intricate item.
"She left the egg, Lance, the egg is here."
"Miela told me there´s a clock somewhere in the egg, because she heard the clock ticking on the night when Scafarel performed the five hour naked massage on her. Making the clock work opens the egg."
Avalon checked the golden Pelican atop the egg, in particular its wings. She pulled a lever that turned the Pelican´s head to the right, spreading one of the wings. Carefully running her hand below the wing, she spotted an indenture. She pressed on it and held her breath. The neck of the pelican stretched, the clock started ticking and the egg opened sideways, revealing eight miniatures and a single item inside, known as the surprise, always kept secret, the ultimate item of pleasure for a woman, tested for centuries by health specialists working for emperors, kings, queens and high ranking officials of the power establishment.
Avalon grabbed the item and Clarity sneaked a peek inside the egg. A few instructions written in Thai language remained inside the egg, showing how to use the item. The item was a smaller egg, two inches in length, this one solid, made of green jade, attached to a string.
"What is that stone in the shape of an egg?" Asked Clarity.
"I´m not sure, I´ve never seen this," said Avalon, "let me take a look at the instructions and scan them." Her eyes widened with each line that she translated to English, using the scan feature of her Pentatone Scale symbolic decriptor.
"We found it Lance, the eye of the Buddha protecting woman, protecting the woman´s pleasure, I found it, finally. With our findings of the Greek stone, it proves the existence of sexual ecstasy."
Clarity looked at the page Avalon was holding. In it, there was a diagram depicting a temple inside a two-walled compound, bisected by a road, showing a Buddhist monastery in the Southern complex and a marble platform surrounded by mythological lions in the gateways.
"Where does this come from?" Asked Clarity. Avalon flipped the instructions to a page showing a plastified bill from Thailand, a five hundred Baht note depicting a temple and a man sitting on a stone throne, as though implying a debt.
"She stole this egg, she stole it from the temple of Wat Phodaram, Wat Pho, the temple of the reclining, glistening, mother of pearl Buddha, in Thailand, where the statues watch and protect ecstasy, and the subtle channels open your wisdom to the quiet mind and show you how the body works. Scafarel taught me that, but she said that I wasn´t ready for the statues. Finally, I know what she meant, the statues in Bangkok, the statues of this temple, the channels, the real tools of a sex goddess."
Avalon became absorbed by the workings of the luminous jade egg, paying no attention to the Pelican Fabergé egg from Maria Feodorovna. The egg was part of an oriental tradition for women to maintain longevity and sexual virtuosity.
"I have to boil it, then it will be mine," said Avalon, "finally, heaven, real heaven for me, right here, on earth, before getting old."
"How does this work, exactly" asked Clarity.
"This goes inside your lower lips, you can pull the egg out using the strings, they´re used to exercise your vaginal muscles. When you feel horny, you use the egg to become less so, when you want more arousal, you keep the egg inside longer. It´s meant to be in the woman for hours, so that she understands how her inner muscles work and becomes used to grasping with them willfully. It´s a way to experience the multiple orgasm with near certainty, and consistently."
Knocke looked at his watch with a look of haste on his face.
"We don´t have that much time. Keep that jade egg and let´s go, Scafarel must be leaving now at the dock. We need to go to the cove, to ensure the large shipment of Elony is returned so that the International Sensual Brigade doesn´t find anything when it gets here." Clarity raised her index finger tentatively, looking at Avalon.
"Can I pick up my clothes in your room?"
"You´re coming with us, there´s no leaving this place, Clarity, Hotel California is in Eleuthera, Bahamas, it´s this place, this resort called Hexas Style, it took me years to figure that out, but this resort was much better than Vegas, where pleasure never lasts beyond a fleeting moment of superficial sex or disposable eyelash. Now, we´ve just found the gate out of Hotel California, it´s the temple of Wat Pho in Thailand. People will pay crazy sums for this. You´ll understand that we can´t leave witnesses, we´re doing you a favor by bringing you along. You work for a beautiful woman, Clarity, deep down you wanted pleasure, you sought it by seeking wealth inside Lofty and by coming here instead of letting your body decide when pleasure should arise, as everyone does."
The song of the Eagles entered Clarity´s mind. Not bad, she´d finally figured out the song was wrong, and even better, she knew a way to check out of it. Still, she wanted her clothes back.
Chapter Fourteen
Clarity looked at the huge pool of Lady Scafarel decorated with white glass tiles. The surface filling the pool was white, goat milk. Immediately, an odd fin moving quickly across the length of the pool caught her eye. A great white shark measuring at least fifteen feet was performing late afternoon swimming exercises. Sitting in the lifeguard chair, Taimi was throwing into the pool large portions of raw meat every two or three minutes, which the shark simply gobbled, showing its dental apparatus and cold eye above the surface of the milk, as though ensuring that Taimi was still in her seat watching it.
"What are you up to?" Asked Clarity.
"Well, I´m training to feed the shark, it´s called Telesto, it means success in Greek. I´m sort of slow learning Greek, and I didn´t want to play with Avene Maxini´s sex toy collection, so they figured I´d learn more quickly with a shark how to detach from money to get to heaven number one. This shark´s sturdy in the head. For some reason, it doesn´t want to come into its sleeping corridor over there. I´m not really in the mood to go and get it, so I´m hoping that once it´s fed, it will go where this lady wants it to go."
She pointed to a narrow stream of water which led to the sea. In the distance, Clarity could see the white sand of Eleuthera and the blue green waters of the ocean. She wished for a second that she were able to sunbathe naked with her friends, but a sudden shark fin and tail snap soaked her wet completely. She glanced at the shark´s fin more closely and noticed a tag attached to it.
"Where are Lady Scafarel and Avene Maxini?" Asked Avalon.
"They walked down those stairs over there by the cream color statue of Goddess Themis, and disappeared. I haven´t seen them for the past three hours."
"Let´s get the formula of Elony on the fin, might as well sell it now," said Knocke. Avalon nodded.
"I´ve seen Maxene do it once, let´s see if I remember how she did it," said Avalon.
She opened a small compartment on the lifeguard chair and took out a whistle. She breathed into it several times, and the great white shark rose eight feet out of the water like an orca for several seconds, near the side of the pool. Avalon shook the fin of the shark several times and the shark stopped moving, still in the air. She reached out with her arm and grabbed a metal tag attached to the fin of the shark. The shark, feeling free, from a radio signal that was beaming insistently into its head, dove right into its sleeping area.
"Got the formula, got the formula, let go of the food, Telesto is calming down now that it´s not feeling that sting on its fin and the frequency in its head. Let´s go to dock 1S, pick up the Autilus."
A helicopter beam of light flashed on the pool. Clarity looked up and saw the shape of the Kiowa Warrior hover above them. Finally, Donway seemed to understand that he had found the place codenamed Neria A.
"Let´s go, leave the lifeguard, take your girl only," said Knocke. Avalon pressed her breasts against Clarity towards Knocke, and they ran in threesome towards dock 1S, in the south side of Hexas Style, inside a bunker made of cement. Clarity took one last look at Hexas Style, noticing that Taimi was being apprehended by two security guards called by Knocke. Breathing deeply, she walked into the darkness of docking area 1S.
Clarity stumbled into a dark staircase below the ground and saw the shape of a submersible, once her eyes got used to the shadow. They slid inside the three person yellow acrylic and steel submersible with ballast tanks, and Avalon pressed a button that closed the hard plastic hatch. The submersible dove into the sea, leaving the docking area of Hexas Style, making a whoosh sound coming from its electric power thrusters, as it cleared the water. Clarity marveled at the seafloor opening in front of them with the late afternoon sun rays beaming through the surface. Blue and yellow angelfish swam by the hundreds near the submersible, intrigued by the size of the new sea inhabitant. For fifteen minutes, they followed the coastline, until they reached a cove.
One thousand feet away, a large cargo ship displaying the flag of Liberia was anchored, showing the name 'Camco Amabulyan'. The submersible surfaced and reached the ship. Within minutes, a large crane lifted the submersible into a cargo bay container aboard the ship. Inside the cargo ship, Avalon opened the hatch and they got out of the Autilus, meeting a chubby captain in his fifties with a tan, wearing a marine cap showing the marine radar brand Furuno on it.
"Where´s the cargo?" Asked Avalon. The captain shook his head, pointing towards the middle part of the ship.
"It´s here inside, five hundred cases of Elony produced in the Middle East ready to be distributed in the Caribbean. Do you have the money, or the women?"
"The women are yours, they´re leaving the resort, seventy are affluent and upscale, seven are headed for the Middle East, two have reached sexual ecstasy. But we want to return the Elony shipment, Central Intelligence Arousal Brigade is on the lookout. Simply postponing payment. We should leave immediately."
Chapter Fifteen
"You´ll have to say that to the Emir´s power broker in Abu Dhabi," said the captain. "He´s expecting payment because he wants to invest ten million in an electric power grid monopoly in Saudi Arabia. It´s a cash transaction, he takes only cash. Where´s Neria A, the item, the goat, I mean, not Hexas Style?"
"It´s with Scafarel," said Avalon.
Avalon took out a symbolic decriptor from her pocket and showed it to the captain. The man calmed down and agreed to leave with the cargo of Elony, without the money or the women of Hexas Style who had reached stage four.
Clarity watched the helicopter hover near the cove. What a useless group of agents. They should be able to find us, they should notice a ship, and most importantly, they should come and find me, she thought. Her eyes wondered at the distance, and her features expressed that look that the Godfather would show before assessing a potentially difficult family situation or conflict with other families. As though listening to her intention, the Kiowa Warrior veered towards the ship, racing across the water surface, reaching the ship within twenty nine seconds flat.
Clarity saw the face of Donway beyond the glass window of the helicopter and lifted her eyebrows, waving at him, without panicking, but strongly and firmly to show she was there. A ladder dropped from the helicopter and a powerful water jet streamed from the mouth of the helicopter on Avalon and Knocke, who were pushed into a staircase against the captain´s belly.
Clarity grabbed the ladder before one of the members of the crew grabbed her leg, and a sudden movement of the helicopter flew her away from the ship, overlooking the ocean water. Moving like a pendulum fifty feet above the water, Clarity held on to the ladder, hoping the helicopter would find a way to settle before she settled on the ocean surface.
After five minute workout, it did settle, landing on the cargo ship. Clarity jumped into the ship´s floor, avoiding a surprisingly deep opening into the ship´s cargo bay. An attractive, athletic woman with long, shoulder length black hair, wearing a tank top, cotton shorts, and sleek, adherent rock climbing footwear, opened the helicopter´s door.
"I´m Money Fact, Intersensual Arousal Police Brigade, Central Intelligence, High Sex Division of Seal Force First Ever Women Only Feminine Action Corps, where´s Avalon?"
"Glad to meet you, Avalon´s over there by the flybridge, watch out, she didn´t like losing at legroll."
Donway walked briskly towards her, holding a Neria B cap with his hand to prevent it from flying away due to rotor windwhirl.
"My friends, where are my friends?" Asked Clarity.
"Well, we don´t know, seventy seven women, including your friends, have disappeared with Scafarel and her assistant."
A walkie talkie ruffled static out of Donway´s bermuda shorts.
"Not good, a seven four seven plane from Lofty Airlines just lifted off Bahamas airport with priority liftoff instructions coming from a Middle East Investment Fund. Your friends may be inside, one of the women getting into the plane shouted 'Decadence paragraph four' before the door closed. Unfortunately, we can´t do anything now, that plane´s got special diplomatic clearance from the United Arab Emirates." Clarity spoke her mind, she wanted her friends back.
"Diplomatic clearance, that plane´s part of a Cayman Islands bank that scams as a matter of daily and jolly fact, and it´s also part of a fraudulent sale and distribution network of potentially skin damaging beauty lotion and even more damaging personal development services. Where is it flying?"
Knocke spoke to the captain in an Eastern European language for several minutes. The ship was meant to receive only women, in exchange for unloading the cases of Elony in Eleuthera. After reassuring the captain that his crew would not be prosecuted in U.S. territory, Donway turned his head towards Clarity.
"It´s headed to the same place as this ship, Abu Dhabi," said Knocke.
Avalon and Knocke spoke enough to negotiate temporary confinement in Atrium in exchange for revealing the women´s ring that Scafarel had put in place through Elony. At ten thirty in the evening, Clarity returned to her cabin. After a warm shower, she lied naked on her stomach in her cabin, inside the cargo ship. They were headed for Atrium, to gather evidence against Hexas Style and with luck, some clues about Scafarel and Maxini, and about the mysterious Neria A Hexas Style resort. After that, they´d head back to Hexas Style to get Clarity´s washed jeans and loafers. The cabin door opened, and Money Fact sneaked inside the cabin.
"Ready for an oil massage?"
"Yes, nine hours please, take your time, believe me, there´s tension I need to release. My rosebud is so ready, it feels engorged and erect every twenty minutes. I haven´t touched for days." Money Fact closed the door and took off her clothes. Clarity became aroused immediately. She was so nice, so clean, so tan. And she was thirty two, seven years older than her, that extra voice of experience turned her on tremendously.
"Yes, that happens if you just let your pleasure flow inside you, instead of wanting to release it outward through hand touch. Good, I´ll ensure we attend to your rosebud properly in oriental style, and also that we get food and water after four or five hours. I´ll place you naked on all fours in the sphinx position, and show you a few things that Avalon may not have shown you that the old traditional massage ladies showed me at the temple in Wat Pho in Thailand."
Clarity closed her eyes and felt two hands landing softly on her hips and buttocks. Heaven existed, again.
Chapter Sixteen
SUN ON THE ROCKS amusements for adults, in easy to read, banana humor order.
THE MALIBU CASE.
THE ACAPULCO COCKTAIL.
THE CAYMAN AIR BANNER.
THE BAHAMAS LOTION.
THE ADULT CHANNEL.
THE OOL BRODERIE.
THE BELLAGIO WIKILEAK.
THE CUBAN RENEGADE.
THE SUGAR BABY.
THE MARBLE TOUCAN.
THE OUTDOOR SHOWER.
THE EMOTION SCALE.
MERIDIAN 57.
THE VANITY RING.
THE SHABBY SHEIK.


Crafted by Somers Isle & Loveshade.

Sun on the Rocks is genuine banana fiction, fresh, trivial,
tropical, easy to peel, and easy-going, like the fruit.
All fictional characters are adults at least twenty one years of age.

The banana humor amusements of Sun on the Rocks have gathered a total of 20,000 downloads and about 90,000 views or reads, on several platforms, such as Smashwords, Barnes and Noble, Kobo books, Sony, Inktera, community blogsites Our Salon and Open Salon, the free-ebooks.net platform, and the Apple Store. On blogsite communities our salon and open salon, the amusements have gathered a total of about one hundred comments from people who connect, or like, or can relate to what is in the amusement. You can see those comments below, to see what other people think about the amusements.


The Malibu Case.
Or whether corporate nudity should be part of the dress code.

The Acapulco Cocktail.
Or how a cocktail drink can turn a holiday into a traction with the Law.

The Cayman Air Banner.
Or going where your money goes to keep an eye on how it disappears.

The Bahamas Lotion.
Or whether the notion of a lotion is not beauty but dependence.

The Adult Channel.
Or how renting pleasure is different from owning it.

The OOL Broderie.
Or whether a wedding can be arranged as a matter of levity.

The Bellagio Wikileak.
Or how to rely on information before the information relies on you.

The Cuban Renegade.
Or whether gold can be backed by a renegade, when money is backed by the cap of Castro.

The Sugar Baby.
Or whether sugar can turn to salt when someone overlooks the honey.

The Marble Toucan.
Or how those who want you to leave your place are those who should leave in the first place.

The Outdoor Shower.
Or how a shower can bring good weather to the bottom line.

The Emotion Scale.
Or looking at how you feel to let others choose how you think.

Meridian 57.
Or how the merchant of longevity
can sell a claim to live longer by monetizing wisdom.

The Vanity Ring.
Or discerning when vanity is worn in order to meddle with the lives of others.

The Shabby Sheik.
Or whether a golden cage can bring both gold and freedom when properly used.


100 COMMENTS FROM READERS OF OPEN SALON AND OUR SALON,
ORIGINAL BLOGSITES OF SUN ON THE ROCKS BANANA HUMOR
(R and R+ stand for rated, or liked)

THE MALIBU CASE
ch.14 - Frisky, light-hearted, and delightful! Consistently! This should be a GRAPHIC novel (when you finally get around to publishing!) R+
ch.3 - This is so clever. Everything is "normal" except the central dilemma of (gasp) optional nudity. With nonchalant humor you are making an individual rights argument out of this. I can hear you pitching this to a TV exec: "Who could object to that?"
I think you could actually pull this off (no pun) in reality if the characters were discretely / artfully filmed! It could be great fun. These are unique characters who are "over the horizon" in leading the California trend. R
ch.13 - Fun read. That package and who got it will bring me back. R
ch.12 - I want to see the video version of this story! What a romp.
ch.12 - Quite a revealing case. Quick and playful, this story scampers right up to the edge of decency and then sticks its tongue out.
ch.12 - This plot has the sexiest curves.
ch.1 - This is deceptively breezy and fun. I. did. not. expect. THIS! Good show! R
ch.15 - Hurray! The girls won and we are all the beneficiaries of their determination. I hope that we will have further adventures about the floating spa and that the long arm of the law can't reach them in inter national waters. R
ch.15 - Sorry I've been away and missed the last few installments. I'm glad to see the girls came out of this in stellar fashion. It was a fun read, and I'm looking forward to the south of the border installments. R
ch.15 - Sweet, sweet, sweet. And I think you may have set-up the next Episode in the series! Hmmm. I just noticed that others feel the same. Good! R+
ch.14 - Phew! The package picker-upper turns out to be on our side....at least for now. I guess it all comes down to the vote. Go naturism! R
ch.13 - If we Amuricans have a right to bear arms, the girls have a right to bare whatever! I vote yes. Fun read. That package and who got it will bring me back. R
ch.13 - Lots of limbs to go out on here. I'm always intrigued by the persistence of the press.
ch.12 - You just seem to strip the story to its bare essentials and cut to the chase ;).
ch.12 - Very amusing. Am I the only girl here? Is that weird?
ch.11 - It looks like the governor will have to get involved! A night under the stars, clothing optional I hope? R
ch.11 - I just wish I could have conceived this saga. So breezy and tongue-in-cheek! R+
ch.10 - You really make this sound reasonable and imminent! R+
ch.10 - If it were only that easy... hey, maybe it would be if someone only tried it! When writing, it's recommended to stick to the bare essentials. You can't get any bare than this subject. Still reading. R
ch.9 - Yes, these are burning questions! When is the rally? Excuse me, but I'm sticking to my leather chair here at work... R
ch.8 - "Proposition 531 has a secret." A secret proposition, why am I not surprised? You still have me guessing for answers. Keep up the suspense. R
ch.8 - Yeah, yah, YES. Vivid, breezy, and irresistible. Can't wait. R+
ch.7 - What a cool caper. Such tension and intrigue, and I keep reminding myself of how tongue-in-cheek the mission really is. Great satire. R
ch.7 - "I found something interesting, come here." Now you have my curiosity aroused. This is a great series. Keep going. R
ch.7 - I enjoy the story..thank you for writing and sharing..See you here..Best regards.
ch.7 - refreshing and fun, like a more realistic Charlie's Angels. Keep it coming. R
ch.6 - I can't believe I've been missing these! I was sure I had "favorited" you! You must also link to the Fiction Weekend site when you can. Still a great script. R
ch.6 - Me, again. I just want to suggest that when you post a new installment that you go back and put in a "next" link to your previous installment. There isn't another sexy, funny, charming story like this being done! R
ch.6 - This is funny, hip and sexy with tongue firmly in cheek. I love all the little touches like the upscale thong for example. R
ch.6 - The plot thickens! Everyone seems to be having a great time here, with the exception of our officer friend. R
ch.5 - You GO, girls! Let me gather a few things and I'll go with you... R+
ch.5 - Do I see a road movie starting to appear? R
ch.4 - Gasp! Oh, no! My damsels are in distress! This is sooooo script-ready. ACTION! +
ch.4 - Sorry I'm late. Swimming naked, high above the city... sounds intriguing. R
ch.3 - Ok, now I've read all three chapters, and am up to date with the bare essentials... so to say. It'll be interesting to see where this goes. R
ch.3 - l love it! Totally confirms what we easterners think: everyone in California has a screw loose. I think clothing optional day is a logical extension of casual friday. I am now backtracking to catch up on the earlier installments. R


THE ACAPULCO COCKTAIL
ch.1 - Hurray! A new adventure. Reading each installment is like a mini-vacation....with beautiful aquanauts thrown in for good measure. R
ch.2 - Cocktails, sun....I'm hooked. R
ch.4 - Even a fish would not get caught if it kept its mouth shut! lol
ch.4 - Looks as if the girls should start learning some Spanish.
I hope they are not going loco down in Acapulco! R
ch.4 - Do they have cable in Mexican jail?
ch.4 - I knew it, I knew it. The girls cannot stay out of trouble. Could a Mexican prison be next? This is a lot of fun. R
ch.4 - Hey I want that job! It sounds like something I could do from home, while relaxing in my Lazy-Boy recliner. You have me thirsty for the next chapter. Sorry I'm late, but I was having a cold one out by the pool. R
ch.6 - another great read.........supertaster?......gotta hear more.....R
ch.5 - well done again...R
ch.6 - Effortless intrigue! You put me right there. Nancy Drew for the 21st century? R+
ch.7 - This is such a breezy web, I can't believe the weight of mystery you are able to hold! R
ch.5 - I swallowed this like a shooter. It is a strong story, and I'll say it like always: could easily be a script! R
ch.4 - Yeah! You are raising the voltage nicely with this one. I didn't see the "safe" coming! R+


THE CAYMAN AIR BANNER
ch.4 - Well - I love this so far and will keep reading!
ch.8 - This does hold your interest.
ch.12 - At last the fight. The bit with the elusive canapés and limping along limo was priceless. R
ch.11 - You do create a surreal environment: a little James Bond with a dash of Clouseau. R
ch.1 - Hurray, a new adventure! I've been away awhile. I have a lot of catching up to do. R
ch.1 - 20%! That must have been pre 2007, or else someone is going to lose their savings on a deal that sounds too good to be true. Let the action begin. R
ch.7- The interplay between Clarity and Flower is priceless. R
ch.6 - I'd hang on to my money if I was in Clarity's bikini. R
ch.5 - Just like a banker to steal your earrings while you are sleeping. R
ch.4 - So many directions it can go. R
ch.1 - hahah..ok, waiting to see where this goes!
ch.12 - At last the fight. The bit with the elusive canapés and limping along limo was priceless. R
ch.13 - 1,500 golfers gone. Should be easier to get a tee time. Sounds like the girls are closing in for the kill. R
ch.15 - I learned a new word-scandium! "Let´s change into the tigress outfits, maybe it´ll be our turn tonight, you´re getting me in the mood." Perfect! I can picture it!
ch.3 - A surreal, but fascinating turn of events. Gallinaceous, indeed. R
ch.16 - somehow I missed seeing your interesting series in the activity feed here--will read through all of your chapters this weekend and hope you have another series in the pipeline here!
ch.10 - Is Bernie Made-off part of this operation? The girls are going to have a hard time doping this out. R
ch.2 - Ladies, hang onto your money and bikini tops. R
ch.11 - "Buddha Talk walks his talk, and talks only when needed." This is such a neat line!
ch.1 - Place tongue firmly in cheek and prepare for takeoff! R


THE BAHAMAS LOTION
ch.1 - Wow, here we go again. Great start of a new adventure. R
ch.6 - This whole story is hilarious.
ch.13 - "She stole this egg, she stole it from the temple of Wat Phodaram, Wat Pho, the temple of the reclining, glistening, mother of pearl Buddha, in Thailand, where the statues watch and protect ecstasy, and the subtle channels open your wisdom to the quiet mind and show you how the body works. " This is a hoot!
ch.4 - "The truck, an Isuzu FTR 800 class 2 pumper imported from the Fire and Rescue Agency of New South Wales in Wagga Wagga, Australia, was beaming a blue siren, approaching the limo at high speed. Stretching above Lanai, Taimi and Cynthia were struggling atop the truck with Jenna, who was surfing the air, holding balance by grabbing the ladder." What fabulous detail-I can create a perfect image in my mind.
Rosebud-I'm pretty sure I know what THAT reference is.
ch.12 - "Avalon was wearing an extra small ivory color Isabella thong by Myla, made of dusk silk satin, Elastene, and cotton gusset lining." You have a way with detail! I had to look up the thong. Boy, they are expensive!
ch.12 - "That´s how I fooled the Sex Brigade at Neria B." Immediately a Bowie song popped into my head: "Ground control to Sex Brigade, your circuits dead, there's something wrong." I think those lyrics are better than the original.
ch.12 - what a supremely odd universe I have landed in. I dunno what to make of this place yet, but it sure seems amorphously enticing, offering magical new technology and a supremely erotic atmosphere wherein breasts are softly offered to the table! and this: "It depends on what you view as sex," indeed.
ch.12 - "It´s simple, we disagree over the definition of pleasure," said Avalon, "over the meaning of it in fact. But we want to take over that resort." Ah, yes! You go girls!
BTW, you have subtly painted quite a scene involving naked women. Very subtle, but very descriptive as well.
ch.11 - OMG-I am so far behind! Forgive me. I will catch up! "Elony´s not approved by the FDA, Lanai."" I love this. What kind of fun stuff IS approved by the FDA?
ch.9 - "The girl named Lanai has been sent to study the book of Decadence in more detail with other scribes." Can I borrow that book? This is a great story.
ch.8 - "I love the service here," said Lanai. That's an understatement!
ch.2 - I'm pretty sure I know what the lotion is!  Can't wait to find out.
ch.5 - "Have you been thinking of tupperware sex lately?" I'm quite sure I've never heard that expression before!
ch.6 - "Some type of hedonist resort, there shouldn´t be that many in the Bahamas" This whole story is hilarious, but this statement is the most hilarious of them all. I HAVE been to the Bahamas, you know, mostly out islands where anything goes!
ch.7 - "Men are only in charge of security here, their presence is accessory." I like to accessorize!
ch.16 - "She cherished that exhibitionist tendency which was part of her, part of her strength as an adult." Ah yes!


THE ADULT CHANNEL / THE ABU DHABI CHANNEL
Having spent some time in that part of the world, I'm curious to see how you envision an "adult channel" in Abu Dahbi. Should be a hoot.
ch.1 - Wow. I am saving a link to this post. Very helpful. One hot franchise!
ch.1 - A Church of pleasure, devotion to pleasure above all other notions or creeds, you could call it a devotional temple of pleasure. I'm converting!
ch.3 - "small battery operated dental fixtures that could also be used as sex toys" - Your imagination is superb!
ch.4 - "I Don´t trust the water, I drink only Nordic Mist tonic water."
"Because..."
"It´s made by Coca Cola, the perfect soft drink."
Do you get something for product placement? Funny!
ch.6 - lol "Just sexual, I mean sex, wasn´t sure about love, because I thought if you mix sex and love, you might get pregnant."


THE OOL BRODERIE / THE BAHRAIN BRODERIE
ch.13 - Looks very amusing, and makes me want to take along to the beach for a long lingering read.


THE CUBAN RENEGADE
ch.4 - I loved "the Egyptian method to move stones." There is a delightful whiff of Kafka about all this.
ch.4 - You have my attention!
ch.6 - I found this to be highly erotic.
ch.8 - "This is how we´ll use the bitcoin in this decryptor if anything goes wrong." Ha! I have to see how this plays out.
ch.10 - "you mean using Cuban cigars as currency for Cuba." That would give new meaning to the phrase "my savings went up in smoke".
ch.14 - Great, as usual.


THE SUGAR BABY
ch.9 - I love all the names!!! esp Clarity.
ch.11 - Wow!
ch.14 - Woo!
ch.15 - You have such a unique writing style that turns me on and intrigues me at the same time.


THE OUTDOOR SHOWER
ch.1 - Bravo.
ch.2 - I was thinking of putting in an outdoor shower just the other day. Hadn't thought of having any walls.
somers isle - I'm so bad at DIY that not sure how I'd do the shower or the walls, I'd probably have to go with the bucket of water.
somers isle, to the first reader - apparently, there is both options, not sure what is more popular, here is a couple of designs for you, http://bit.ly/29etROS
another reader - I had an outdoor shower in my previous place, which was out in the country and private. It was a garden arch with grapes growing all over it. Lovely... Also came in handy when we had our little festival...
somers isle - garden arch with grapes does sound lovely, I resonate with anything unprocessed, home out in the country sounds nice, no city noises, privacy is important.
same reader - I made another, closer to our camping area, with walls of salvaged metal gazebo pieces and blue tarp hung behind. (Living in the country for privacy, plus country dump!)
first reader , after some reflection - We live in the woods, but with neighbors nearby. I could probably get by without walls in the summer. In the winter when the leaves are gone I would be inside anyway. I haven't really considered this enough to draw up a plan.


THE SHABBY SHEIK
reader from barnes and noble: humorous and interesting.
The person gave the amusement a five star rating.


BACKSTORIES AND CHARACTERS
http://oursalon.ning.com/profiles/blogs/sun-on-the-rocks-backstories-and-fresh-items.
great the way you have this constructed, with the linx etc....

A TOTAL OF 100 COMMENTS FROM THE COMMUNITY.


SUN ON THE ROCKS IS CRAFTED BY SOMERS ISLE & LOVESHADE,
crafting each amusement for the community,
one ridiculous situation at a time.

Chapter Seventeen
Compound Interest Calculator Clarity keeps close, for retirement purposes (savings plan is in the Cayman Air Banner):
www.investor.gov/tools/calculators/compound-interest-calculator

Careers and Professional Designations to consider:
Chartered Financial Analyst: www.cfainstitute.org/
Certified Financial Planner: www.cfp.net/

Wealth:
Think and Grow Rich: Napoleon Hill's classic book on wealth.
How to Make Money (free pdf book from 1859)

Educational sites, communities, and global news:
Boston University online: www.bu.edu/online/
Visual Thesaurus: www.visualthesaurus.com/
Visual Global News: www.newsmap.jp/
Our Salon community: oursalon.ning.com/

Featured universities:
Bermuda College: www.college.bm/
University College Cayman Islands: www.ucci.edu.ky/
Free online university classes: www.coursera.org/
Ohio State University: www.osu.edu/
University of Arizona: www.arizona.edu/
University of Hawaii: www.hawaii.edu/
