


Taylor Made Owens



By R.D. Power
Taylor Made Owens
R D Power
Copyright 2013 by R.D. Power
Smashwords Edition


All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.

Written 2003-2008
First published in electronic format in 2013
First published in soft cover format in 2014


Edited by Anna Genoese

Cover design by Jeroen ten berge

ISBN 9781310912191

The author is not a representative of nor endorsed by any of the trademarks used or discussed in this book, which is a work of fiction and not meant to imply or represent reality.

Smashwords Edition




Dedicated to:



My wife, Terry

Contents

Volume One

Volume Two

Volume Three

About the Author
Also by R.D. Power

Volume One

Strange to think that on certain momentous days, days that will forever change our life, or even end it, we wake up without a clue as to what is about to happen. Saturday the fourth of April was such a day for the Owens family of Framingham, Massachusetts. It was a glorious morning, the kind that makes us happy to be alive. It was the last morning three of the four of them would ever see.
“November 163, you’re cleared for takeoff on runway one five,” said the air traffic controller.
“November 163,” replied Jim Owens, as he applied the throttle and turned the plane onto the runway. He put on full throttle, and the plane accelerated on its takeoff run.
As the plane left the ground, his wife, Jill, cried, “Jimmy, he’s not stopping!” pointing to a commuter plane crossing the runway just ahead. “Oh, God!” she said. The former fighter pilot veered off sharply to the left to avoid the commuter plane, but the maneuver put the small plane into a stall. It slammed into the ground, killing Jim and Tara, their little girl, on impact.
Jill died a few seconds later, her last words gasped to their absent son, “I’m sorry, Bobby.”

Chapter One

Six Years Later

“Oh, did you read this?” Mr. Carlton asked his wife, Gertrude, as he folded up and put down his newspaper and sat down to breakfast. “Some crooks was caught after they broke into some old fogies’ house, tied ‘em up, and stole a bunch of stuff. They should lock ‘em up and throw away the key.”
*
“Mr. Owens, sit down,” instructed a winsome woman of forty to Robert Owens as a police officer escorted him into her office. The officer left. The young teenager sat and tried to marshal a smile through his apprehension. “I’m Lisa Taylor, and I’ll be your caseworker.” She tried to set him at ease with small talk. “Do you go by Bobby or Bob or Rob—”
“Bobby or Bob.”
Despite being so unkempt it looked like he worked at it, the ragamuffin still managed to be pleasing to the eye. She said with a convivial smile, “May I ask if you have a distaste for cutting or combing your hair?”
He relaxed, returned the smile, and responded, “Haircuts are a touchy subject for my foster parents. They gave me fifteen bucks for a haircut a few months ago, but were somehow surprised that when faced with the choice between a hot fudge sundae, ten packs of baseball cards, and a Hershey bar, or a haircut, I made the obvious one, so next time I asked for money for a haircut they handed me a pair of scissors. You can see the result.”
“Okay, well, let’s talk about why you’re here. I understand you’ve admitted to being a part of the gang that raided the Sanderson home last night?”
“What I said was I went into the house to help the fossils after those guys left. Obviously that was a mistake,” he noted with a bitter smirk.
“No, your mistake was not reporting a serious crime that you knew was taking place. The police don’t suspect you of taking part in the crime, but you must have known what was going to happen since you went there with them. You had a responsibility to call for help. The Sandersons might have been injured—or even killed.”
“They said if I told anyone, they’d get me, but the police don’t give a shit about that.”
“Please have some respect, Bobby. Watch your language. Now tell me why you hang out with those troublemakers.”
He considered for a moment how to respond. “You ever see the videos they show in school with the pathetic kid that wanders around the schoolyard all alone, and nobody bothers with him except the bullies? I was the star. I cried a lot in the months after my parents and sister died, and the bullies loved me for it. At first I hid or ran, but it only got worse. After my grandmother died—”
“When was that?”
“A year and a half ago.”
“You moved here to live with her when your parents died?”
“Uh-huh. After she died and I moved into the foster home, I decided never to play the victim again. Any hint of taunting and I’d punch—hard. That was really effective in stopping the bullies, but then, all of a sudden, I was the bully. Now no one will go near me except those guys.”
“So you fell in with the wrong crowd. Tell me what happened last night.”
“They came by my apartment, and I was bored as always, so I went out with them. They’d already made their plan for the home invasion and picked out the targets. They told me while we were walking there. I tried to think of a way to get out of it, but I couldn’t, so when we got there I just told them I wouldn’t do it. They threatened to get me if I squealed, as I told you, and went ahead with their plan. I hid outside. The old lady was screaming and crying. I felt sick just hearing it. After they ran off, I went in and found two old people bound and gagged, lying on the floor. The woman was crying, and the man was unconscious. I think he was having trouble breathing through the sock they stuffed in his mouth. I untied them and helped the man to the couch when he revived. The woman called the police, so I left. Those fucking retards—”
“Bobby, please!”
“Sorry. Those fucking mentally challenged fellows wore balaclavas, but left fingerprints everywhere, and called each other by their real names. The cops arrested the four of them this morning. They ratted on me, so here sits your newest juvenile delinquent case at your mercy, kind, pretty lady.”
“No more cursing. Understand? You don’t think you did anything wrong?”
“Wrong, no. Stupid, yes. If I just left, I wouldn’t be in this mess. That’ll teach me to lend a helping hand, I guess.”
“Don’t take that lesson. It’s only because of what you did for the Sandersons that the police are giving you this second chance. Anyway, you were already in trouble with this other charge.”
He started fidgeting.
“Tell me what happened at the sports store, and what lesson you learned.”
“A misguided youth took a little something, but he redeemed himself when he helped a pair of relics, so the kind, pretty lady let him go.”
“What happened at the sports store?” she repeated, more authoritatively.
“I still have the glove my father bought me when I was five. I needed a new one, so I went to Harry’s Sports. I wasn’t satisfied with the selection available for the dollar sixty-eight I had to my name, so I chose the nicest one, tucked it under my jacket and walked out of the store.”
“Do you feel any remorse for taking the glove?”
“Yeah, sure.”
“You’re not very convincing, Mr. Owens.”
“Okay, the truth is I was thrilled I finally had a new mitt. I had no other way to get one. How am I supposed to play baseball without a fuc—without a glove? I love baseball and I was really good, but I haven’t played since … Ah, I don’t have the money to join a league anyway, so who cares, right?” He lowered his eyes and struggled to hold back his tears. After a moment, he glanced at her.
She attempted a grave look of disapproval, but her kind heart exhumed a sorrowful smile instead. Reassured, he said, “I did feel a little guilty when I thought of how my parents would’ve reacted. I actually imagined I felt my father’s hand on my shoulder, urging me to return to the store, and that’s what I did, redirected not so much by guilt, but by the security guard who was the owner of the hand on my shoulder.”
Lisa had to bite her lip to prevent from smiling. She liked his sense of humor and use of the language, which was unusual for a fourteen-year-old, and unique for a delinquent.
“What have you learned from this experience?”
“Don’t try to look nonchalant when you’re stealing. Just grab what you want, and run your ass off.”
Lisa gave him a stern stare to convey her disapproval. He smiled.
“The police have offered you an option called juvenile diversion, which allows you to bypass the courts and do community service to pay for your crime. I’ve spoken to them and to the store manager, and we’ve agreed that one hundred hours is a just penalty. Is this a problem for you?”
“Do I get to keep the glove?”
“Please take this seriously, Mr. Owens,” she chided. “You joke and act as if this doesn’t bother you, but I can see it does. I know you have good in you, otherwise you wouldn’t have helped the Sandersons.” She took a sip of her coffee. “I’m tempted to move you to a new foster home since your current foster parents don’t seem to be doing well by you, and you’ve gotten in with some bad company. I have a good couple in mind. They live near me in Kilworth, which would help me keep an eye on you, too. What would you think of moving out there?”
“Fine by me.”
“Okay. I’ll set up a move right away. So, for your hundred hours, you can help at various places like hospitals, the food bank, or the Y. Do you have any preference at all?”
“Towel boy in the girls’ locker room?”
“Uh, no. The food bank needs help now. I’ll put you there. Okay?” She typed something into her computer, printed out a sheet, and said, “Look this over and sign it if you agree to do your community service.” She handed him a pen, one that she’d had in her mouth a moment before. He looked askance at her, and she said, “Sorry, I guess I’m an oral personality. I can find another one.”
“No, that’s okay,” he said as he signed the document. “But if you were an anal personality, I would’ve insisted on it.” She laughed.
She gave him a brochure about the food bank. “I’ll meet you at the address shown on the front of this pamphlet at nine o’clock on Saturday morning. I’ll introduce you to the director, and he’ll tell you what he wants you to do. Go home and pack. I’ll pick you up tomorrow morning and take you to your new foster home.”
She put him with the best foster parents available and kept close tabs to ensure nothing else went wrong with this sad case.
*
So it was that in the middle of eighth grade, our protagonist moved to his final foster home. With him, he brought an old steamer trunk that his dad had bought secondhand to use as a combination liquor cabinet and coffee table in his dorm room at Berkeley. In that black trunk was everything Robert owned: a few tatty articles of clothing, a child’s baseball mitt and bat, and a few irreplaceable keepsakes from his former life. He had kept only what his mother, father, and sister had treasured most in life: his mother’s wedding and engagement rings, love letters from her husband, Olympic bronze medal and VCR tape of her figure skating performance that had earned her the medal; his father’s wedding ring, baseball jersey, and Air Force wings; his sister’s favorite blanket. He also kept family pictures, home movies, and a newspaper account of their death.
He took out his clothes and put them in the dresser, then placed the trunk at the foot of his bed. But he seldom opened it. It was still too painful.
Gunnar and Elspeth Krieger, two hefty German ex-patriots who looked just like each other, were the new foster parents. They had no love to give him—but, then, that would be expecting too much. They saw to it he was housed, clothed, and fed. They let him come and go as he pleased, just asking to be kept informed as to his whereabouts. The sole knock against them was they were miserly. Young Robert was fed mostly with bland, leftover hospital food that Elspeth brought home from her job as a cook at the university hospital. They gave him a twenty-five-dollar monthly allowance for all needs beyond food and shelter, so his clothes were Salvation Army castoffs, and his hair grew down past his shoulders. He looked just like the waif he was.
The couple lived in Kilworth, a delightful little subdivision of detached homes set on rolling hills on the bucolic banks of the Thames River just west of London, Ontario. Kilworth is an upper-middle class neighborhood, although the Krieger house was situated in the least affluent part of the village, on a circle of starter houses at the top of the hill near the highway.
*
Lisa thought Robert could benefit by earning some money. Maybe that would attenuate any disposition he had to steal. She was also anxious to get rid of a dirt mountain in her driveway that was growing its own forest while waiting for her husband and son to spread it. She offered the lad fifty dollars for the chore, and he agreed. Her husband, Bill, an inspector with the Ontario Provincial Police, wasn’t pleased with his do-gooder wife bringing this delinquent into his neighborhood, but said nothing on the matter. When she hatched a plan to bring him to their house, though, he balked.
“I don’t want that hoodlum near my children or niece. God knows what losing his family did to his mind. Tell him never mind.”
“Come on, Bill,” Lisa replied. “He’s no angel, but he’s had an awful life since his parents died. There aren’t many boys around with Bobby Owens’s pedigree; I don’t know of any. His parents were brilliant scientists, and I think he’s just as brilliant. I’d hate to shut him off from our children for that reason alone. Besides, if everyone shunned him for something that wasn’t his fault, he would become unbalanced.”
Mr. Taylor relented, but resolved to keep a close eye on him, especially around his daughter.
Robert showed up at the appointed time and place on an idyllic early spring Saturday morning. Idyllic or no, he became distressed at the sight of a pile of dirt so huge, he needed a Sherpa guide to scale to its snowy summit. Water from heavy storms was seeping into the basement, so Bill wanted to change the grade in the backyard to direct the water away from the house, preferably into the neighbor’s. Bill gave Robert a shovel, wheelbarrow, and instructions, and he got to work.
About three hours into the endeavor, Lisa returned from the mall with her children, thirteen-year-old fraternal twins—a girl and a boy—and her fourteen-year-old niece. The boy, Jeremy, went into the house, but the two girls stayed for a few minutes to gawk at the longhaired imp.
At first Robert didn’t notice them. Although girls tended to notice him, even through the scruffy appearance and tattered clothes that evinced poverty, he paid them no heed—he’d had more important things on his mind like baseball and food—but when the fourteen-year-old girl, Jennifer, approached him, he stared until he walked the wheelbarrow into a tree. It stopped short upon hitting the tree, and the angle was such that the left handle swung around and lodged in his groin.
Discomfited, he thought to himself, Oh, man, that hurts. I must have—God she’s perfect!—squashed them for good.
Amazing, isn’t it, how a million years of evolution enables an immediate recognition of beauty, no matter what the circumstance? He told himself, Aphrodite, surrender your crown and bow ye to the new icon of feminine pulchritude. Well, okay, it was closer to, My balls are crushed, but I’ve never seen such a fabulous face! She had awakened something that had never before stirred in this young man, who was still progressing through puberty.
Jennifer Lynn Taylor had a perfectly proportioned, magnificent face framed by sensational blonde hair that cascaded down her long neck and splashed off her fair shoulders. Rosy cheeks, a delicate nose, and soft chin surrounded sumptuous lips that curved up at each extreme, forming a perfect pout when closed, and revealing a smile of surpassing splendor when drawn back. Divine eyes the color of a mountain lake on a sunny summer day, accented by long lashes, and set above her high cheeks, were of such ineffable beauty that the finest poets could no more capture it with words than they could capture a cloud with their hands. Her right eyelid drooped a touch, the imperfection that completed the perfection, rendering her countenance all the more dreamy. Slender, but developing flawlessly … Oh, just picture the prettiest girl you’ve ever seen with blonde hair and blue eyes, and that’s Jennifer. The young lady lived with her mother in nearby London, but, after her parents divorced, spent much of her time at her cousin’s happy home in Kilworth. Her father was an advertising executive in New York City.
Her cousin, Kristen Julia Taylor, though but one year younger, still looked like a little girl. She was cute, with big blue-green eyes, prominent cheeks, pert nose, and short, dark brown hair, but suffered by comparison with her cousin. A certain gleam in her eyes disclosed her kind and artless nature, her vivacity, and a sagacity far beyond her years. She was known as the smart one, her cousin the pretty one, which bothered Kristen, though she didn’t let on.
Kristen excelled in school to such a degree that her parents decided to pull her out of public school—school systems cater to mediocrity—and place her in Montessori. She was doing tenth grade-level work by the end of seventh grade, when her parents decided to put her back in public school, the cost of private secondary education being too dear for this middle-class family. She was granted admission into ninth grade in the local Catholic high school for the coming fall, joining her cousin. Her twin brother, an average student, entered grade eight.
Like many gorgeous girls, Jennifer felt it was her birthright to capture and discard any boy she pleased. Jennifer had a well-deserved reputation for being callous and capricious with boys. She found she had power over boys and became addicted to it. Jennifer dismissed Robert on first sight as a vagrant in the making. Even Kristen, who would never need a man to rely on, couldn’t defy evolution enough to overcome this instinct. She, too, assumed from his appearance that he was indigent and low-class, unworthy of her.
Jennifer determined it might be fun to play with the cute boy for a while—to tease, taunt, and lure him—with full intentions of marooning him as soon as he made a beachhead. That he would fall for her was certain. Everyone with enough testosterone to qualify as male had since she began developing curves two years previous. That there had to be a rejection stage was also patent. How better to assert complete domination?
Jennifer commenced the game. She took off her jacket. She was wearing a tight red shirt and blue jeans. “Watch,” she mentioned to Kristen, “he’ll stare at me.” Hands clasped behind her behind, she meandered up close to him looking at the ground. Coyly, she raised her eyes to meet his, then quickly lowered her gaze. Demurely inclining her head toward him, she again raised her eyes, but this time stared daringly for a few seconds before again averting her eyes. He was hypnotized. To finish him off, she turned sideways, jutted out her chest, tossed her hair, gazed again at him over her shoulder, and smiled invitingly.
Being unable to disengage the stare, he walked into the tree and bagged himself. She erupted in laughter and said, “Are you all right?”
Struck dumb by this immaculate vision, all he could manage was a nod and a blush, while maintaining his gape at her incomparable face. He knew he was staring, but he couldn’t stop himself until she turned and walked away. She’d attracted many boys before, but she’d never known such exaltation. I have complete power over this boy, mused the smug lass.
After Robert recovered, Kristen, who was wearing a knitted white sweater with a colorful log cabin on the chest, came over to see if she could command his attention, too. She had no interest in the teen, but wanted to test how appealing she might be to a guy, so she ambled up to him, smiled, and stuck out her flat chest, hoping he’d walk into another tree.
“Nice sweater,” he noted. “What’s that?” he said, pointing at the log cabin. “The little house on the prairie?”
Kristen, who admired a sharp tongue except when it was lashing her, blushed and retreated to her cousin’s side. Jennifer laughed. That was enough for today. The game shall recommence at a time of her choosing. Bill, who’d seen the girls near Robert, told them to come in. “Stay away from him, both of you. Understand?”
When he finished the chore, Robert came to the door for payment. Kristen answered and promptly shut the door in his face with a giggle. He rang the bell again, and she did the same thing. The next time he rang, Lisa broke the impasse and let him in. “Krissy, behave,” she said.
While Lisa fetched his money, the teens stood in the hallway glaring at each other. Lisa returned, handed him his payment and walked off. Kristen, anxious to repay him for the insult he’d greeted her with, said, “My mother thinks you’re some kind of genius because your parents were. I think this nut fell pretty far from the tree.” He sneered, but said nothing, so she continued. “I think I can classify you. An IQ below seventy is a moron, below fifty an imbecile, below thirty an idiot, and below that—you.”
“I want you to do something for me, but I think you’d tattle on me if I said it straight out, so I’ll give you a hint that I hope you’ll understand: it begins with ‘f’ and ends in ‘uck off.’”
She smirked at him. Never before had she encountered someone who could match her jibe for jibe. She’d met her match.
He continued, “So, Krissy—”
“My name is Kristen. My family calls me Krissy.”
“I’ll jot that in my diary, Taylor. Where’s your sister?”
“You mean Jenny? She’s my cousin.”
“I should’ve figured there wouldn’t be such a wide range of looks within the same family.”
“Ha. Ha. Jenny’s here every weekend. I can call her if you want, but I should warn you—she’s used much better looking guys than you as a doormat. She forgot you even before you reeled your tongue back in. Come on, we’ll go see her. I want to see her laugh at the thought that you would have a prayer for her.”
“Never mind,” he replied, thinking he’d better be careful about trying to outwit this one. Bill came in at that point and saw his daughter talking to Robert. Seeing the displeasure on her father’s face, Robert quickly quit the Taylor abode.
“I warned you to keep your distance from him, young lady, and I meant it,” Bill pronounced. It was bad enough Owens was a delinquent, he was also a boy. Bill had drilled into Kristen the virtues of staying away from men, since they only think about one thing. Actually, that’s not a fair charge. Most men think about sports and music, too—and how many women they’d get if only they were a pro football player or a rock star.
*
Three more months brought the school year’s surcease, and with it, the Taylors left for their cottage northwest of London on the eastern shore of Lake Huron. The twins and their cousin Jennifer spent the entire summer there with Lisa every year. Bill came up on weekends.
Robert stayed in Kilworth with nothing to do. He yearned to play baseball, but he had no money. He looked around the house for money to steal, but found nothing. At summer’s end, he called Lisa to ask about getting his parents’ money. She informed him that their will specified he couldn’t get access to his trust fund until age nineteen, though it did allow small disbursements if the public guardian approved. Lisa made arrangements for him to get a hundred dollars per month from the fund.
With his first hundred, he got a buzz cut, a used baseball glove, and his first new clothes in years. Privation having been his lot since his family died, he felt richer than the queen of England, but he soon discovered that one hundred dollars is a trifle.

Chapter Two

She’s Causing Him Woe

On the first day of high school, the girls noticed a new guy at the bus stop. Robert Owens had grown five inches over the past few months. Having outgrown every piece of clothing he owned, he was forced buy a whole new set of secondhand clothing, but he was sporting new attire for the first day. His short haircut showed off his pleasant face.
The bus for the Catholic school always came first, followed shortly thereafter by the public one. Robert chose public school, even though the Catholic one was much closer; he’d have gone any distance to avoid anything to do with religion. As the Catholic school bus pulled up to the stop, several female heads were turned to the right, staring through the windows at him. Who is that? they wondered.
One said, “Isn’t that that Owens boy?”
Kristen looked when she heard his name and couldn’t believe the transformation.
“He’s kind of hot,” Terri Zylstra observed.
“Yeah, not bad at all,” seconded Karen Chan, with a glance at her boyfriend, Trevor Larsen, who reacted with a menacing sneer at the low-class rogue.
Ryan Olsen, noting that his goddess, Jennifer, was studying Robert with interest, observed, “Look at the way the ugly fag is standing there, as if he’s real cool.”
Jennifer returned, “Well, I think he’s really cute. You’re just jealous.”
“Of that dumb ass? I could beat the crap out of him,” Ryan declared.
“Yeah, right,” Jennifer said with a smirk. “Get out there and put him in his place,” the troublemaker taunted with a snicker. Kristen smiled to underline that her cousin was being sarcastic, but Ryan interpreted the smile as concurrence and resolved to do as they suggested.
On the bus home, he and two friends planned an ambush at the bus stop. Their bus normally arrived about ten minutes before the public school bus. Ryan, Trevor, and a third bully, Bret Walker, would “rearrange his face.” Overhearing this, Kristen attempted to dissuade them, but to no avail.
“You and your cousin were the ones who said we should put him in his place,” Ryan retorted dismissively.
Jennifer wasn’t on the bus, having gone to her home.
“I never said that. My cousin said it, but she didn’t really mean it,” Kristen protested, but they had decided their course, and that was that.
When he stepped off his bus, Robert saw the three girding for a tussle. Many of the rest of Kilworth’s Catholic high school kids were there as well. Ringside seats to the fight of the month they had, and they sensed a good, old-fashioned blood bath. His first instinct was to run, but he was surrounded and didn’t want to be considered spineless, so he tried to joke his way out of it: “I think you’ve got me really scared, don’t I?” No one laughed.
“We’re here to put you in your place as she suggested,” avowed Ryan, pointing to Kristen.
“No!” she said, “I did not say that. Don’t hurt him.”
They didn’t listen.
As the bullies closed in, Robert essayed another tactic. “One at a time, okay? Three against one is not fair!” Nothing. “If you come in all at once, I’ll get each one of you when you’re alone!” That threat seemed to unnerve Trevor, but he stayed put as Ryan and Bret stood their ground.
Robert, remembering some tips Gunnar had given him on the basics of boxing, turned toward the leader and, with all his weight behind it, applied a direful fist to Ryan’s jaw. That stunned him. The follow up jab sent him down in a heap. Upon realizing the caliber of his opponent, he stayed down, feigning insensibility. As Ryan fell to the ground, the two other assailants attacked Robert. Trevor hit him hard from the left, bloodying the Owens nose. Bret hit next, a left poke to the right eye.
Ooh, that’ll be black tonight, murmured the audience. Kristen was terrified as the fight unfolded and human damage mounted.
Robert next turned to Bret, hitting him hard in the ribcage and stomach. Down he went to his knees, out of air and out of the fight temporarily. Meanwhile, Trevor contributed by smashing Robert over the head with his heavy book bag. That felled him, but he got up quickly and hit him in the mouth. Trevor responded by charging at Robert and knocking him down; he clumped the prone boy in the stomach. Kristen covered her eyes.
Robert was hurt, but enraged to such a degree that he got up and punched Trevor so hard in the face, he stumbled away dazed and bloodied. Bret, able to breathe again, then punched him in the cheek. Robert, nearly spent by this time, turned and smashed him in the nose, breaking it. Bret ran home, blood pouring from his proboscis. As Robert fell to his knees exhausted, Ryan righted himself and came over to assert his dominance. He stormed into Robert, knocking him over and finishing his ability to defend himself. Trevor returned and kicked him again. Robert lay in the fetal position clutching his head.
With the horde on their side, the two were ready to continue kicking the unpitied boy, but Kristen stood in their way, saying, “No! The fight is over. Go home.” Satisfied they’d won, they left. The crowd dispersed, a couple of friends patting Ryan and Trevor on the back. Kristen came over to help Robert, but backed off when she saw the rage in his eyes.
“Are you satisfied now?” he sobbed. It had been a long time since he’d cried. He’d fought back tears under the provocation of fear, of pain, of ire, of humiliation, and of loss, but when all five coincided, he was powerless against their onslaught. With the fear of getting hurt, with the injuries he’d sustained hurting him to the very bone, with the fury he felt in being ganged up on, with the embarrassment of many witnesses seeing his pummeling, with his status as the impecunious orphan boy being the chief cause of his continuing misery; with all that, the emotion burst forth in piteous wails. “Am I now … in … in my place?”
“No. I, I tried to stop them. I didn’t want—”
“Get away from me!” he yelled. He endeavored to get up, but couldn’t, so he reassumed the fetal position, helpless against the torrent of tears, and covering his face to hide them.
“You need help,” Kristen insisted. “Let me help you home.”
“No! Leave me alone!” he screamed, trying to get to his knees, but collapsing to a sitting position. Blood, dirt, and tears smudged together to render him a dreadful sight. His face had begun to swell, his eye to blacken. Kristen was aghast and felt terrible for him. Since he wouldn’t accept her help, she gathered his things. A few of the mob had emptied his book bag and scattered the contents far and wide.
After a few more minutes, Robert struggled to his feet, steadied himself and tottered home. It was a sad sight to behold, his tremulous gait observed from behind: head downcast, ears reddened, shoulders slumped, arms enfolding his aching gut. Kristen lowered her head and walked home.
That evening she mustered the courage to take his things back to him.
“Zere’s a girl here to see you,” Elspeth said, opening his door. “He’s hurt. Ze bullies beaten him up. He said he vas not vanting to vight, but zey attack him anyvay,” Elspeth informed her.
Kristen nodded and looked to see Robert on his bed, lying on his side facing the wall. “Hello,” she ventured. “I brought your things back to you. I think I got them all.”
Elspeth left.
“Thanks. Now go away,” he submitted.
“Are you okay?”
“I’m just peachy,” he said to the wall.
“I think you should be proud of the way you handled yourself. You needn’t be feeling sorry for yourself.”
He chuckled caustically as he sat up and turned to face her. “Do you know what I miss the most?” he asked.
“Pardon?” she responded, taken aback at the bruises and swelling on his face.
“Pancakes,” he said.
“I don’t under—”
“Well, not the pancakes per se—the feeling I got on Sunday mornings when I woke up to breakfast. Mom used to make homemade pancakes and bacon every Sunday. We’d have the pancakes with maple syrup or whipped cream and strawberries. Funny thing, I never knew how much I loved it until it was gone … I had a family, you know. Then, all of a sudden I didn’t. Just like that.” He snapped his finger. “Gone.”
“May I ask what happened to them?” she asked with a shaky voice. He went to his trunk, rummaged around amongst the disarrayed remnants of his dead family, found an old newspaper clipping, and handed it to her. She read to herself:

Worcester The crash of a private plane at the Worcester Regional Airport yesterday had tragic consequences for a family of four from Framingham, for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and beyond. Killed in the crash were Dr. Jill Owens, a nationally-renowned heart surgeon and research professor at MIT, her husband, Dr. James Owens, a leading biochemist at the university, and their four-year-old daughter, Tara.
The Federal Aviation Administration has begun an investigation into the crash and was unwilling to comment on possible causes at this stage. Witnesses said, however, that the Owens’ plane almost hit a commuter plane that had taxied onto the runway in front of their plane. The pilot, who had just taken off, veered to miss the airliner, but lost control, and his plane hit the ground, killing all three occupants. He was a highly trained, experienced pilot, having flown F-4 and F-15 fighter-jets for the U.S. Air Force in the 1970s.
Dr. George Liu, a spokesperson for MIT, said, “This is a terrible loss for the university, the country and even the world. These two scientists were engaged in groundbreaking research that could have benefited thousands of people.”
Both were popular professors. Many of their students cried when told of the accident.
The Owens leave behind an eight-year-old son, Robert, who fortunately decided to go to a birthday party instead of the weekly family outing in their small plane. He will live with his grandmother in Canada.

Teary-eyed, she handed the clipping back to him. He repined, “Life just went on for everyone else. They paused for a minute to say, ‘Ah, poor orphan boy. That’s too bad. Oh, well, let’s eat. Pass the salt, will ya?’ I lost my parents, my sister, my friends, my cat, my home, my country—everything.”
“What happened to your grandmother?”
“She died almost two years ago now. I never once thanked her for looking after me. Not once in four and a half years. I wouldn’t let myself love her because I figured she was old, and she’d go any time, too. I was right. I found her dead in her bed; she’d died of a stroke overnight. ‘Don’t leave me all alone!’ I screamed at her as I shook her and shook her. I sat there next to her body wondering what to do. Obviously I couldn’t leave her there, but what would the police do with me when I called them? Put me in an orphanage or with strangers?
“Just try to imagine the pure terror of realizing you have no one in the entire world. I was so angry and so scared. I’m still scared. I try to convince myself none of it’s real, that maybe it’s this long nightmare I’m trapped in. If I could only wake myself up, I could have pancakes, you know? You can’t even begin to comprehend my shitty life, yet you stand there and callously accuse me of feeling sorry for myself.”
“I didn’t mean—”
“Never mind. It doesn’t matter. Nothing does. I just need someone, anyone, to understand that I wasn’t always this poor, beat-up orphan you see before you. I had a family. I had a life!” he vociferated as he plunged his fists into his bed. Tears ran down his cheeks. He wiped them with his sleeve. Kristen, too, began to cry. “I’ve had to change a lot to deal with what happened, but I’m not this scum that people see me as.”
“I don’t think—”
“You saw in the article that my mom and dad were professors at MIT, but they were much more. Mom won an Olympic bronze medal. Here it is here,” he said, pulling it out of his trunk and putting it on. “My dad was an awesome baseball player. He actually made the majors for one game before blowing out his shoulder. Here’s his San Francisco Giants jersey.” He put it on. “Before that he was a fighter pilot. They were incredible people. That’s who I came from. That’s who I am! But all I am to you and your cousin is a worthless foster boy.”
“No,” she said. “You’re wrong about me. I never wanted them to hurt you. I admire you. I admire your courage.”
“You think I was brave out there? I was scared as hell, but I knew from hard experience, it would be less painful in the long run if I stayed to face the music than if I ran away. Then I’d be a chicken in everyone’s eyes, and the bullies would never leave me alone. Now everyone knows they’ll get hurt if they take me on. Yes, I apologize, but I am feeling sorry for myself at this moment, while I struggle to see out of my swollen eye and speak through my fat lip. Forgive me, your heinous,” he said bowing. “Now get out!”
Kristen turned and walked out, then ran home. Her life, she realized, was blessed compared to his. She knew he’d lost his family, but it didn’t seem to trouble him outwardly, so it didn’t trouble her. She had never considered what a terrible tragedy it was for him; he really had lost everything. She cried just thinking about it. How remarkable it was that he turned out so well in the face of that, she reflected.
Jennifer, who felt a little remorseful about the fight and who was rebellious enough to want to see Robert because she’d been forbidden to do so, went to see him the next weekend. “I heard you beat up three boys. That’s pretty impressive,” she complimented as he opened his front door.
“Thanks,” the surprised and delighted teenager replied, while straightening out his hair with his hand, “though I imagine the three dickless gobs of shit that left me lying mangled and whimpering in a ditch would be surprised to learn I beat them up.” She laughed. “Um, do you want to come in?” he said. He never dreamed such a stunning girl would come calling for him.
“No, but let’s walk and talk for a while,” she answered. He smiled and nodded, and the two strolled through their lovely neighborhood. Although she wasn’t as polished at conversing as he, he enjoyed just looking at the striking girl. Her ethereal beauty overwhelmed any personality flaws in his judgment.
She, too, enjoyed the walk, liking his looks, sense of humor, and turns of phrase. He was so different from any other boy she’d ever met. As their stroll ended, he asked if she’d like to do it again sometime.
“Maybe some time. I’ll let you know. Don’t ask me, though,” she ordered.
He went home and thought of her every minute that day and in spurts that night.
Since Robert felt he couldn’t make idle threats in his vulnerable position, he set out to keep his oath to get each of his three assailants while he was alone. The next Monday, he boarded the morning Catholic school bus in search of any of the three. Ryan was the unfortunate one he spotted first. Robert grabbed him with both hands by the shirt and thrust him up, slamming his head on the ceiling of the bus. The boy collapsed, moaning and holding his head. Most of the teens who witnessed the event were stunned at its ferocity and rapidity. Before Robert could address the other two boys, the bus driver intervened, screaming, “Get off my bus, hooligan!”
Robert glared at Trevor and, adapting a cheesy line he’d heard on a TV movie the evening before, he said, “You’re next, and I’m when through with you, you’ll be wearing your ass for a hat and your balls for a necktie.”
Smiling genially at Jennifer, who smiled back, he left. Kristen and the driver helped Ryan back to his seat. He seemed okay.
Resuming her seat next to her cousin, Kristen said, “I think that boy is dangerous. We should stay far away from him.”
“I don’t know about dangerous, but he is definitely sexy,” declared Jennifer.
“You’re actually turned on by what he did?”
“He’s just so … I don’t know … virile—and we both know Ryan deserved it.”
“Be careful, Jenny. He might be violent with girls, too.”
“Don’t worry, cuz. He’s my puppet.”
*
After school, he went to Trevor’s house and rang the bell. Trevor answered, came out to try to talk his way out of a fight, but went down at the behest of Robert’s fist. He refused to get back up, so Robert left.
Trevor phoned Bret to warn him. Trevor’s mother phoned the police, who arrived at Bret’s house to see Robert sitting on a boulder out front, waiting for Bret to play. They took him to the station.
Inspector Taylor took a particular interest in this case and went to interview him. “In trouble again, eh?”
“I guess so. Do the cops have a special squad to track down kids who get into fist fights now?”
“Don’t you take that tone with me,” he warned. “The parents are filing assault charges against you.”
“Really? Where do I find forms to file assault charges against their son and the two other pricks who attacked me for no reason when I got off the bus last week?”
“You have a right to do that if you wish, but I’d rather avoid the paperwork. I’ve called your social worker, my wife, to try to defuse this situation.” The inspector left and called Trevor’s parents to relay the threat of charges against their son for the unprovoked attack the week prior. They’d got a different story from their son, of course, but were worried enough to withdraw their request to have Robert charged.
Lisa came to the station to interview the miscreant. “Mr. Owens, what happened this time?”
“Just a small fight. I can’t believe they called the cops over this.”
“Well, parents don’t take kindly to their children being beaten up,” Lisa said.
“But it’s okay for their children to gang up on someone?”
“You can be sure the parents knew nothing of that. Bobby, I brought you into my neighborhood to help you through a rough time. I must say, some people in the neighborhood are upset about you being there. This behavior doesn’t help.”
“Then move me somewhere else. I don’t care anymore what happens to me.”
“I’m not giving up on you, and I don’t want you to. You are a brilliant boy. You merely need to make a decision to behave yourself to succeed in life.”
“Oh, is that all?”
“Don’t be snippy with me. I know they attacked you, and you had every right to defend yourself, but why did you continue the fight days later?”
“Because I really enjoy pain. Could I bother you to crush my head?”
“Bobby, take this seriously.”
“Mrs. Taylor, I respect you, I do, and I’m grateful for what you’ve done for me, but you have no idea what my life is like. I’ve learned through hard experience that you need to make a bold statement to get the bullies off your back. I did that today. I never start anything, but I finish it.”
In the car on the way home, she continued their conversation. “Please try to stay out of trouble or I’ll have everyone, beginning with my husband, demanding your removal from Kilworth. You have good foster parents now. This is a new start. Don’t fall in with the wrong crowd again. Show the others that you’re worth getting to know. You were born with so much. Start using it for your advantage. You have your monthly stipend now. Use it to buy what you need. You don’t have enough for everything you may want, but neither do most people. Behave yourself!” She dropped him off at his house, worried about how this youth, with such incredible promise, but even more incredible bad luck, would turn out.

Chapter Three

The Infamous School Bus Incident

Lisa Taylor was much more than a good social worker—she was a good woman. She knew that Robert’s fate may well depend on meeting the right person of his own age, someone kind and good who could help steer him in the right direction. In theory, the perfect person for this was her daughter. Kristen was one of the finest people one might ever have the great fortune to meet. She couldn’t help but have a positive influence on anyone she met. She, too, could benefit from knowing Robert, Lisa thought, for Kristen didn’t have anyone who provided the intellectual stimulation she craved. Lisa was a mother first and foremost, though, as all good mothers are. She couldn’t risk her daughter’s welfare with such a boy, and she knew her husband would never permit it.
There was also Jeremy. Sports were his passion, especially hockey. He and his friends played street hockey every afternoon after school. Lisa wasn’t keen on risking her son’s future either, but playing street hockey together seemed harmless. She felt the two would never be friends; they were too different.
Without her husband’s knowledge, she asked Jeremy to include Robert in their games. Easy-going Jeremy said that was fine. He called and asked Robert to play. He came down immediately. He became a regular. Bill noticed before long, but didn’t say much other than repeating his warning to keep him out of their house.
“And don’t hang around with him,” he told his son.
Jennifer enjoyed luring this stirring bad boy. It was time for another sally. This time, she invited Kristen along. Kristen would have said no, being scared of him, but went along so Jennifer wouldn’t be at risk alone with him.
The three wound their way through the trails by the river, Jennifer and Robert side-by-side, and Kristen just in front. Kristen, a brilliant conversationalist, monopolized the interchange with him. A long, intelligent discussion prompted them to circle the trails twice, so enamored were they of the inspiring dialogue. Finally someone to really talk to, someone who understands everything I say, Kristen thought. Plus, he’s so funny—and she loved to laugh above all else. She found it difficult to believe that this was the same person who seemed so mindlessly violent just a few days prior, difficult to fathom how such an impressive mind could be immured in such an aggressive body.
He talked with Kristen and looked at Jennifer. Neither girl was pleased with that arrangement. Jennifer asked Kristen if she would mind leaving them on their own. Kristen tried to say no, but the other two were insistent. Jennifer and Robert took a turn about the village alone.
“Can we do this again?” said the captivated teen, upon reaching the Taylor house.
“I’ll let you know,” she said, her power over him growing. The next weekend, she repeated her invitation to walk together. Her uncle found out when Kristen, who wasn’t invited along, happened to mention it near him. He forbade her to do it again, which redoubled her desire to do it. Jennifer and Robert began to walk together every weekend, staying away from the Taylor house.
Robert fast became infatuated with the lovely girl. Both he and she considered him the fortunate one. Both knew she was out of his league. She was spectacular, but he was merely good-looking; she was well-off, he was destitute; she popular, he ostracized. Jennifer took advantage of her power. She treated him poorly, sneering at his clothes, ordering him about, standing him up, insulting him in front of others, and even bringing other boys along for the walk on occasion, and attending to only them. Naturally proud, he bristled at this treatment, but put up with it because he didn’t want to lose her. Any time he showed a tittle of irritation with her behavior, she’d threaten to leave him, which never failed to put him back in his place.
Yet, as the relationship matured, she began to recognize how special he was. Gradually, her complete control over him eroded, because she had come to enjoy his company so much. Kristen, who was left out of the promenades, started to grouse that he was controlling her life, which she knew would upset her cousin. That thought sent a shudder through Jennifer. Things had gone too far. She made up her mind to break it off just before Christmas, but couldn’t go through with it when she was next with him.
Robert spent that Christmas alone, the Kriegers having gone on a skiing trip to upstate New York. It wasn’t any worse for him than it would have been otherwise. It was an ideal time to get mired in self-pity, and we all indulge in that sometimes. Sitting in the family room beside the cheap, artificial tree with its four ornaments—for a fifth would have surely toppled it—he wept in remembrance of the wonderful Christmases he’d known with his family.
He put two frozen chicken pies in the oven.
Then, after having pondered the prospect since he awoke, he decided to watch a home movie. He hadn’t had the heart to watch the family movies since his family perished, but now a morbid curiosity to see them again gripped him, so he fetched the most recent tape from his trunk, put it into the VCR, and—after hesitating for a few moments—pushed play. There they were: mom, dad, and Tara—Robert was in charge of the camera for the shot—laughing, joking, and talking. He sat there and gazed at the screen open-mouthed. Seeing them so alive, he found it incredible that they were forever gone. His father took the camera and turned it on a smiling Robert. He looked at his younger self—he was so young when it happened—taking his happiness for granted, never suspecting it would end, never conceiving of the possibility of the catastrophe that would befall him not two weeks from then.
What he would give to once again feel that unquestioning love, that security, that innocence, that blissful ignorance of what life brings. He managed to watch for a few minutes before breaking down. He whispered, “Goodbye,” to the screen, ejected the tape, and returned it to his trunk, back with the disarrayed remnants of his dead family.
Later, he ate mechanically, trying not to think about the contrast with the turkey dinners he’d enjoyed so much. Oh, to taste mom’s dressing and grandma’s strawberry-rhubarb pie again. Embittered and depressed, he kicked the ugly tree; it fell over and three of the ornaments broke, leaving only the one. His tears resumed, but he gritted his teeth and told himself, Get over it! It’s been almost seven years.
Thoughts of Jennifer Taylor cheered him up. She was the sole bright spot in his life, and he was beginning to love her. He placed a small, framed picture of Jennifer on top of his trunk so that it faced the bed. The frame had held a picture of his mother, which he removed and carefully tucked away in his photo album, one of the cherished keepsakes from his dead family.
When apart from Robert, Jennifer wanted to break up with him. When with him, she couldn’t, which annoyed her when she was next apart from him. When three friends in the beautiful clique, who’d seen the two walking hand-in-hand at the mall, asked about her boyfriend in a tone that connoted he was so clearly beneath her, she protested, “He’s not my boyfriend!”
“Well, to be honest, we didn’t think it could be true,” one claimed. “With all the guys in the school after you, why would you be slumming it with that guy?”
She smiled and walked away, but her smile inverted as soon as her friends were out of sight. It was time for action. She formulated a malicious scheme, and without telling Kristen the purport, enlisted her cousin’s help.
“Krissy,” she opened, “I want you to get Bobby to ask me out.”
“Why don’t you just ask him?”
“No way. That would be like admitting I’m desperate. You need to ask him to ask me.”
Kristen demurred, but eventually acquiesced.
“Bobby,” she called to him after his street hockey game ended the next afternoon.
“What?” he said.
“Jenny wants you to ask her out on a date,” she informed.
“Really?” he said, looking delighted. “Awesome! Where is she?”
“Um, she wants you to ask her on the bus.” He looked apprehensive at that notion and asked why. “I think she loves the attention. If you want a hot date, you’d better do it.”
The next Monday morning, he did as she suggested. The bus rolled up. After a moment’s vacillation, he boarded the bus and stood near the driver. Jennifer sat near the back, so he would have to shout. She’d guessed that he’d have to stay at the front, so the bus wouldn’t leave with him on it. “Jenny,” he called to her, with a perceptible tremor. “How would you like to go out with me Friday night?”
The whole bus awaited her response.
“I’d rather die than go out with you,” she declared. “I think you’re low-class, yet somehow you’re also a conceited jerk. I’ll thank you never to talk to me again!”
Kristen was horrified. She couldn’t believe what Jennifer had done, and she felt awful for him.
Robert was thunderstruck. He blushed as half the bus, mostly boys, erupted in laughter, and the other half, mostly girls, went “Ooh.”
Never had anyone ever been so humiliated, he thought. Feeling utterly betrayed, abandoned, and infuriated, he turned and left the bus. As it pulled away, he still had a shocked look on his face, a look that degenerated into one of wrath, which stayed with him for some time. That look, along with his reputation for fighting, kept the teasing to a minimum.
After the bus pulled away from the stop and the laughter subsided, an undercurrent of revulsion surfaced. She’d been merciless to that cute boy already scrupulously spurned by fortune. As the invective flowed that morning, Jennifer knew she’d miscalculated dreadfully. She had finally achieved her goal. She conquered his heart, then destroyed it—in front of everyone, no less. She’d put the urchin in his place, and there were a couple of girls who looked approvingly at her as if to say, “It’s about time.” Why, then, did she regret it more than anything she had ever done?
Kristen wouldn’t talk to her at school for days. When she finally said something, it was, “Don’t bother coming to my house this weekend. I don’t want to see you.”
“Oh, come on, Krissy. Why are you mad at me?”
“I know you set up that disaster to bring me down, too. You know I like him, and you couldn’t stand the thought that he might still like me after you humiliated him. I need to know: why did you do it?”
“You wouldn’t understand.”
“I think it’s because you like being mean to boys since your father moved away. Did you stop to think for one second that this boy has suffered enough for a lifetime already?” Kristen walked away. The two were estranged for three weeks, and their relationship was never the same after that.
Kristen shied away from Robert for the next several days, too nervous to approach him. When they inadvertently met on the corner as she was walking her dog, he crossed the street to avoid her. She couldn’t stand the disquiet and decided to apologize.
“I just wanted to say—” she began.
“I never want to see you or your awful cousin again!” he interrupted, yelling to her across the street. “I’ve never been so humiliated in my life. I can’t believe how mean you two are.”
“I had no idea what she was planning.”
“Yeah, right. It was you who asked me to do it in front of everyone.”
“Jenny asked me to be the messenger, but she didn’t tell me what she was going to say. I’m as angry with her as you are.”
“You’re not a laughingstock, are you? I don’t want anything to do with either of you ever again!” he declared as he walked away. It would take him a long time to get over the Taylor treachery; a distrust and wariness epitomized his relationship with both girls for years.
Above all else, Robert was insecure. He’d had his life ripped away from him at age eight. Never again would he love anyone, he’d decided then; he couldn’t face the torture of losing love again. Moreover, all his experience since then had taught him to trust no one. But along came the perfect girl, and those vows went out the window. He even fantasized about being married to her. Learning to love and trust again had been a crucial breakthrough for the young man, but her despicable deed shattered that, exacerbating the deep psychological damage caused by the loss of his family, and crippling his ability to form close relationships. He made some solemn resolutions to himself: never trust anyone again; never commit to any girl; and, most importantly, never fall in love! No one will ever again break my heart, he promised himself. His adamant refusal to commit and fall in love would affect both girls for years to come.
Jennifer’s picture was gone from his trunk. He’d torn it up and tossed it out, and put his mother’s picture back where it belonged, and the frame back into his trunk along with the remaining remnants of his dead family.
Kristen decided to give up on him. She had plenty going on in her life and wasn’t interested in boys yet. Months passed without any interaction between Kristen and Robert, save a sneer when their eyes happened to meet.
In the meantime, puberty was putting its finishing touches on these two teens. Robert emerged from the awkward stage a tall, well-built boy with a face that was appealing. Kristen turned out comely as well, but her real beauty was inside. As she matured, a natural elegance and allure emerged that seemed to suffuse her entire being. A presence that shone through in her delightful voice as she spoke, in her sprightly step as she walked, in her lambent eyes as she laughed, in the way she turned the pages in a book, in everything she did, compelled the admiration of both boys and girls.
Summer came again, and the Taylors went to their cottage. Jennifer spent all her time at the lake, basking in the sunshine, and in the admiration of every guy who caught sight of her. Jennifer Taylor in a bikini was diverting enough to elicit an involuntary gasp of wide-eyed amazement from any male between puberty and death. When she’d walk along the water’s edge, every male would stop whatever he was doing—playing Frisbee, eating, breathing, drowning, rescuing—and stare until she passed from view. They were constantly intruding themselves upon her only to be cast out with the rest of the flotsam. Only the most attractive would get anywhere with her, and “anywhere” never went beyond kissing.
One day, after Jennifer had already gone on a stroll with a good-looking guy, a foxy seventeen-year-old came a-courting Kristen. Never before had such a handsome boy been so interested in her. She gave him a warm reception, talking and touching on the sand until her father put his foot down close to his head. Dominic Solano was his name, of the Solano Jewelry chain, “the biggest in southern Ontario,” he boasted to Kristen. Actually, it was the fourth-largest, but who cares? Dominic, of dissolute disposition, had a turn for lying, and it’s nice to be good at something. He offered her an elegant gold chain, but she politely refused. Instead, the next pretty girl down the beach accepted it and him.
He’ll be back, starring as a key antagonist in our unfolding story.
Robert had a good summer, too. He was tearing up the house league in baseball for the Komoka-Kilworth squad. Robert should have been playing at the top minor baseball level, but he couldn’t afford the hefty entry fee. But the area’s best coach, who was always in search of talented players to poach, lured Robert away by waiving the fee, and offering proper coaching and a ride to the games and practices.
He learned a great deal over the balance of the summer, especially about pitching. The seventy-year-old coach, who’d been a pitching coach at the triple A level, taught him how to wind up properly, how to hold various types of pitches, and how to release them.
“You have to learn how to pitch as opposed to throw. To be successful, you have to be much more than a hard thrower. A good pitcher throws the ball hard, true, but he throws it exactly where he wants it, and he throws the right pitch at the right time. Develop a breaking ball, a lively fastball and a changeup. Mix the pitches, mix your speeds, and mix location, so the batter never knows what’s coming.”
Robert listened well and, by dint of diligence, began to develop his terrific potential.

Chapter Four

Meet Me at the Corner

Jennifer hadn’t given Robert much thought since the school bus incident—it was a mistake she preferred to forget—but as the bus rolled up to his stop on the first morning of the tenth grade school year, she did a double take when she saw him. Standing there in a body-hugging white shirt and tight black shorts—not that he would ever think of dressing to entice, he’d simply outgrown his clothes over the summer—he attracted the attention of several girls on the bus. Jennifer decided to try to win him back. There would be no rejection stage the second time.
Fortunately for Jennifer, Robert resumed his street hockey visits that autumn. “Why don’t you come in for a drink, Bobby?” Jennifer asked one October Saturday afternoon after the game ended. He disregarded her, walking past her toward his house. “What, are you afraid of me?” He kept walking.
Though continually disappointed, she didn’t give up. She would rollerblade occasionally for his benefit, but he didn’t seem to notice much. He had noticed, of course. Try as he might to hate her, she was just too exquisite to ignore for long.
Getting desperate for his attention, Jennifer went to Kristen’s house one Saturday afternoon in early November and pulled out all the stops rollerblading for him. Kristen had gone to the mall with a friend. Jennifer dressed in skin-tight black leather pants and a snug black sweater. The contrast with her golden tresses was arresting. Armed for the conquest, she skated near the boys playing hockey and glided close to Robert, her spellbinding eyes fixed on him, her disarming beatific smile disarming his resolve to ignore her. The game and everything else in the universe faded into irrelevance as he stood there entranced by her.
“Come on, Owens. Play the game!” said Jeremy, frustrated with his teammate standing around while the other team continued to play.
Robert squared for a slap shot. “He shoots … crap,” he announced as the ball sailed over the net and down the road where Jennifer was rollerblading, exactly where he wanted it. Jeremy yelled at her to throw the ball, but she paid no heed.
The ball came to rest on a sewer grate at the intersection. At this moment, Shaun Driscoll—that reckless teenage driver who, when he rocketed by, made all the parents in town think Where are my children!—hopped into his black half-ton truck and sped up Pioneer Drive. This was no trifling matter this day, for fate had contrived, or chance happened, to bring him and Jennifer to the same corner at the same instant.
Robert got to the ball as the truck turned the corner down the street with tires squealing. It raced up the street toward the intersection. Jennifer decided that she would execute a jump right beside him. As she drew near, Robert stood staring at her, the ball at his feet. Lisa, who was sitting on the front step tittering at her niece’s devices, discerned something alarming out of the corner of her eye. While Jennifer accelerated in preparation for her jump, Lisa—who realized, That truck’s going to hit her!—screamed, “Jenny!” and swooned. At the same time, Robert took notice of the truck, which was speeding into the intersection.
Jennifer, who couldn’t see the truck because three large blue spruce trees blocked her view of it as she approached the intersection, commenced her leap. The driver saw the girl at the last instant, too late to avoid a collision! He veered and stomped on the brakes, the tires smoking and making an eerie screech. Jeremy and his friends looked on in horror. Without thinking, for there was no time, Robert jumped into Jennifer’s path, perhaps feeling subconsciously he’d have better luck stopping her than the truck, and the pair slammed together. Her momentum carried the two toward the truck, but they ended up in a heap a couple of feet from the back wheels of the truck that had come to a belated stop.
Seeing he missed the two, Shaun blared the horn before speeding off up the road.
The collision rendered Robert unconscious and left Jennifer dazed, with a broken right arm, which had borne the brunt of their fall to the ground. She was crying in pain, wondering what had happened.
Jeremy ran to help Jennifer and Robert. “Are you okay?” he asked Jennifer. She didn’t answer, and walked as if in a trance into the house, stepping over her prostrate aunt. Jeremy turned his attention to Robert who was only then coming to his senses.
“What happened?” he asked Jeremy as he struggled to sit up. He put his left hand to his aching head.
Jeremy helped him off the street, and sat him on the front lawn. “Jenny crashed into you. You jumped in her way. That truck would have hit her. You saved her life!” replied the overwrought boy.
In reality, she would have slammed into the windshield of the truck, severed her spine, broken eleven other bones, sustained four operations, and spent the rest of her life in a wheelchair—but Jeremy, not being favored with the omniscience of the narrator, could not have known that.
“Are you okay?” he asked, as he looked over to see his mother unconscious. “My mother must have fainted. I have to go check on her,” he said, as he ran to his mother’s assistance.
Lisa uttered another squeal as she revived. Her son helped to sit her up. “Jenny!” she shrieked. “Where is she? Is she dead? That truck must have hit her! Please, God, no!”
“She’s inside. She’s alive, but I think she’s hurt,” Jeremy answered. “Are you okay?” Lisa didn’t respond to his question, running instead into the house to check on her niece. Jeremy went back to assist Robert, accompanying him home because he looked woozy.
Jennifer was sitting on the couch, crying in pain and confused over what had occurred. Her aunt ran to her side, crying hysterically, “Oh, my God, are you all right? What happened? Oh, your arm! It’s broken! My poor baby.” She sat to hug her niece tenderly and said, “We have to go to the hospital right away to get your arm mended.”
Lisa called her husband and Jennifer’s mother on the way to the hospital, and they met them there. While the doctor was setting the young girl’s arm and preparing the cast, Lisa reflected on the incident. She winced, and her stomach plunged every time she replayed the horrifying scene in her mind.
“I thought for sure that truck would kill her. It’s a miracle she only has a broken arm,” she declared to her husband.
The miracle was lying in bed, nursing his many contusions and bumps. The collision had taken its toll on his hide, which had a great many more holes now than it did before. His mother the doctor would have checked for concussion, but her care had ceased when she succumbed to a bad case of airplane crash. It was at times like this he most missed his mother. He imagined her sitting next to him, kissing his forehead and treating his injuries with loving care. As it was, he tried in vain to find a position that minimized the pain enough for him to fall asleep. Elspeth brought him some aspirin, which helped, but not enough for sleep to take hold.
Lisa called home to check on Jeremy and Kristen, and apprise them of developments with Jennifer. Jeremy explained what happened to his mother over the phone. “He saved her life?” said Lisa.
“No question about it,” said her son. With that news, Jennifer and her mom accompanied the Taylor family to Kilworth to get the details from Jeremy.
“Do you realize what he did for you, honey?” Jennifer’s mother asked the astonished girl. It was all too much for Jennifer to take in then. She’d been given painkillers and just wanted to sleep. Her mother put her to bed. Kristen was surprised at her aunt’s reaction to the event. Kara Taylor never showed her daughter much love. Kristen considered her aunt coldhearted and knew Jennifer preferred her aunt to her mom. Jennifer had been heartbroken when her father left her home. Jim Taylor was a good, loving father and wanted custody of his daughter, but the court sided with the mother. When he took a job with a large advertising firm in New York, she went into a month-long depression.
The three Taylor adults went to Robert’s house to express their gratitude. Kristen went along to admire the hero of the day. When Robert came to the door, Kara, whom he’d never met, hugged him, and he yelped in pain. “Oh, I’m sorry,” she said. “Where are you hurt?”
He pointed to his right knee and said, “This is where it doesn’t hurt.”
“You saved my daughter’s life. Thank you!” she asseverated.
His left shoulder was still oozing blood, which was staining his shirt. Lisa offered to take him to the hospital, but he refused. “How is she?” Robert asked.
“She has a broken arm, but otherwise is fine.”
He nodded, but was too distracted to pay much attention.
“You saved my niece’s life,” proclaimed Bill. He didn’t know what to think of this boy anymore. He remained suspicious of him as a scalawag, but had to concede now that he had his good side.
For Lisa, his action confirmed her optimistic view of mankind: give a person a chance to shine and he will. “You probably can’t come close to conceiving what it means to a mother when someone saves her child’s life. We can never thank you enough, but we’ll start by inviting you to dinner at our home,” Lisa said.
“I’m pretty tired.”
“Tomorrow, I mean. What would you like to eat? I’ll make you whatever you want.”
“No thanks, Mrs. Taylor.” He didn’t know how to deal with the whole situation and sincerely wished it hadn’t happened, especially with so many nerves registering pain. Lisa wouldn’t take no for an answer, though, so he promised to come to roast beef dinner the next day.
*
Jennifer awoke with a scream that night; the enormity of the episode had finally struck her. She recalled with horror the baleful shriek of the tires, the excruciating snap as she and Robert landed on her arm, the truck wheels passing by her head as if in slow motion, the acrid smoke from the burning rubber, the shower of dust and pebbles that stung her face, and the distressing sight of Robert lying there unconscious as she sat up. Her mother, aunt, uncle, and cousin came in to console her.
“I’d be dead if it weren’t for him,” she averred trembling. Gone forever, she pondered. It’s a difficult concept to grasp. “I really hurt him. How is he?”
She got reassurance that he was okay. Kristen stayed with her for the rest of the night.
*
Dinner the next evening was awkward but delicious. Robert, unaccustomed to homemade meals, found that he was missing out. Jennifer kept staring at him and smiling. He found it hard to keep his eyes away from hers, but tried. Kristen kept staring at him and smiling, but he had no trouble discounting her. As soon as he could, he excused himself. Jennifer followed him outside to express her deep gratitude for saving her life.
Taking her in his arms, minding her broken arm, and looking straight into her eyes, he said, in a low voice, “Jenny.”
“Yes?” she said hopefully, thinking he was going to kiss her.
“Forget it,” he continued in a brusque manner. Then he released her and was off. She interpreted his tone as “Forget me,” and went back into the house unhappy. He had stirred in her tender feelings more powerful than she’d ever experienced, and those feelings, she began to discover, could provoke pleasure or pain. Maybe he would never get over that incident on the bus.
Lisa invited him to her home for dinner every Saturday evening leading up to Christmas, and Jennifer was always there. It was Jennifer he began to warm to as the weeks passed, to Kristen’s growing dismay. At one Saturday dinner in mid-December, Lisa asked him to Christmas dinner.
“Oh, no, that’s a day for family. I’d be imposing,” he supposed.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” said Lisa. “You have to come. Do your foster parents do anything special for Christmas?”
“They go skiing for four days.”
“You spend Christmas all alone?” Kristen said.
He shrugged.
The Taylors looked at each other in consternation. “Do you get any gifts or anything?” asked Kristen, feeling terrible for him.
He looked down and said, “Don’t start feeling sorry for me. It’s embarrassing.”
“I won’t take no for an answer. You’ll spend Christmas with us,” announced Lisa.
Christmas with the Taylor family was a wonderful experience for Robert. Several grandparents, aunts, uncles, and cousins were there to celebrate the holiday. He sat and drank it all in: the love, the laughter, and spiked eggnog when people weren’t watching.
Jennifer was dressed in a short pink dress, with the aim of attracting Robert. It worked. He spent a good deal of time gazing at her, ignoring Kristen, who was garbed as usual in a sweater and slacks.
“Jenny, honey,” grandmother Taylor said, in front of Robert, “he’s a fine young man. You ought to claim him before someone else does.” Jennifer blushed and smiled. Kristen wondered why grandma thought Jennifer was a better match for him. She whispered that question to her grandmother. “Oh, I’m sorry, dear,” she replied. “It’s just that he can’t keep his eyes off of her. Boys always prefer pretty to smart.” That response didn’t make Kristen feel any better.
The Taylors gave him some presents, mostly new clothes picked out by Kristen.
“Come on into the living room. We’re going to sing Christmas carols,” Jennifer told Robert. It was group singing at first. Then Jennifer sang “Silent Night” solo. Her voice, aided by two years of singing lessons, was nice, noted Robert. He was in good humor that evening and had the family in stitches at times.
Jennifer lay in bed awake that night thinking about him. What an impression he’d made on her family. “You should marry him,” a young female cousin sharing Kristen’s room suggested.
“Don’t be silly,” Jennifer returned, but reflected, Jennifer Owens. Hmm.
Kristen reflected, Shit.

Chapter Five

Let the Competition Begin

We rejoin our cast of adolescent characters on a cold, grey Saturday morning a few weeks later. Jeremy called Robert at his sister’s behest, and asked him if he would like to go to a movie that evening. “We have coupons; it’s free.” He said sure. “I’m taking Judy Gilmour. You know her?” Robert responded in the negative. Jeremy continued. “Krissy’s coming along, too, okay?”
“It’s your van,” Robert said. “Is Jenny going, too?”
“No, she went skiing. We’ll pick you up at eight o’clock. Bye.” Jeremy called upstairs to his sister, “Owens said he’ll go.”
“Cool,” she said, a happy smile belying her nonchalant tone.
Lisa dropped the four off at the cinema. Judy and Jeremy, who sat a few rows in front of Kristen and Robert, began some light smooching. As Kristen sat next to Robert, her lips curved into a subtle smile, and her eyes brightened, something that had begun to occur unconsciously every time he was near. He didn’t notice. A few minutes later, wanting to start a conversation to end the awkward silence, Kristen asked Robert, “What do you think of Judy?”
“Hate her.”
“Why?”
“Don’t know. Something about her makes my scrotum recoil.”
“Knowing you, you think she’s ugly,” Kristen claimed. He made no response, so she continued, “Looks are all you care about when you judge a girl.”
“So looking over a girl’s body means overlooking her mind?”
“Oh, don’t you think you’re clever?” Kristen said. “Enlightened guys care more about a girl’s character than body.”
“So look past the ugly girl outside to the beautiful girl inside her?”
“Yes.”
“I’d rather look past the ugly girl outside to the beautiful girl beside her,” he said, grinning in evident pleasure at what had just popped into his head, and out again via his mouth.
Kristen thought it was witty, too, but wasn’t about to let on to this cad. “God, you’re superficial,” she informed him in an exasperated way.
“I hate to offend your social conscience, Taylor, but here’s a newsflash: regardless of what the hideous masses tell themselves, human beings are wired to respond to physical attractiveness.”
“Evolved human beings also find intelligence, kindness, humor, morality, courage, and other fine human traits attractive.”
“Don’t tell me you don’t care about looks.”
“If I did care, I wouldn’t be here with you,” Kristen jested.
Betraying some exasperation of his own, he said, “So far you’ve said or implied that I’m conceited, superficial, and ugly. Why the hell are you sitting with me if I’m so awful? Why don’t you do yourself a favor and sit somewhere else?”
“I’m really messing this up,” she muttered. She said, “Calm down—”
“You know what? I hate being told to calm down when I’m totally calm as it is. People who say that are really saying, ‘Now I know I’ve said something stupid and I got you mad, but that’s really your fault because you’re so touchy.’”
“I didn’t mean that at all.”
He got up and moved to the other side of the theater. She sat through the movie embarrassed and upset.
When Kristen’s mother came to pick up the teens, she asked if they enjoyed the film. “No,” Kristen said in a tone that connoted irritation.
“Why not?” said Lisa. “Was the movie bad?”
“She didn’t enjoy it because the moron she was with had a hissy fit and left her by herself for the whole movie,” butted in Judy.
“Oh, mind your own business, scagatoid,” he growled at Judy. He loathed her. She despised him, too. Maybe they smelled off to each other. “It’s not as if we were on a date.”
“That’s the last time we take you to a movie, jerk!” Kristen said.
“Oh, no! How will I go on? My life is over.”
“Oh, shut up,” Kristen snarled. He moved his right hand close to her face, lowered one by one his thumb, pinky, forefinger, and ring finger, and flourished it at her.
“Never mind,” said Lisa. “If you can’t be civil to each other, keep quiet, all of you.” And that was that.
*
Jennifer was displeased to learn he’d gone to the movies with her cousin. The two had never contended for a boy before—Kristen had never been interested previously and couldn’t compete with such comeliness anyway—but now that Kristen was interested and appealing herself, Jennifer started to regard her as a threat, and decided to take action to solidify her claim on him.
“I heard you took Bobby to the movie. You know I’m trying hard to get him back, yet you went on a date with him behind my back. I won’t let you steal him from me. I’m going over to his place right now to make sure of it.”
“So what?” Kristen said. “Stay all night for all I care.”
“Maybe I will,” rejoined Jennifer, as she got her coat on and sneaked out. Kristen went to bed, but couldn’t sleep.
By the time Jennifer got to his place, Robert had gone to bed and fallen asleep. She knocked on his window. He got up to open the blind and window. “Jeez, Jenny,” he greeted, “it’s almost midnight. What are you doing here?”
“I want to talk to you.”
“Come in, okay? It’s freezing out there.”
“Okay, but behave yourself,” she warned. He helped her in through his window. “And put on some pants,” she ordered, learning he slept in his boxers.
He smiled and pulled on his jeans. She took off her coat. “It’s really cold. You’ll catch pneumonia if you go out there again. You should stay the night for your own safety.” He took her in his arms, pulled her closer, and kissed her.
“That’s considerate of you, but if I wanted to be safe I wouldn’t be here.” He smiled. “I think the cold would do you some good right about now,” she added, then she kissed him avidly. The two migrated to his bed and sat on it, kissing. She let him get her shirt off, and eventually her bra. A consummate tease, Jennifer had never let a boy go this far before. She enjoyed it immensely. “You, sir, are most definitely misbehaving now,” she alleged breathlessly. After a few more minutes of petting, Jennifer announced, “I’m falling for you, Bobby.”
“That’s nice,” he said, playing with her nipples.
“Is that all you have to say? I mean I have very strong feelings for you.”
“I lllllike you, too,” he replied, licking her nipples.
Distraught at this tepid assertion, Jennifer said, “What do you think of Krissy?”
“Mmm mmm mmm mmm,” he said, sucking her nipples.
“What?” she said.
“I think … she figures … her main role in life … is to let me know … what a loser I am,” he said while kissing her nipples.
“Yeah, she thinks she’s perfect herself and expects it from everyone else. What about looks? How would you compare her to me?”
“She’s nowhere close to you. She’s a cute kid. You’re spectacular!” he declared, staring at her nipples.
“This feels so good,” she declared as he gently squeezed her breasts. “Have you ever done this before?”
“Of everyone I’ve ever fondled, you’re the first who isn’t me.”
“Can I ask you why you went on a date with Krissy?”
“Who said it was a date? Jeremy asked if I’d like to see a movie for free, and since that was in my price range, I said yes. Kristen went, too, but it wasn’t a date. We sat together, but I moved away after a few minutes of listening to her list all my faults.”
“My little cousin can be very annoying, eh?” She kissed him and said, “I have to go,” as she put on her shirt and coat, and stuffed her bra into her coat pocket. Deaf to his entreaties to stay, Jennifer tiptoed out of his room to avoid waking up the Kriegers.
Jennifer was gone for less than an hour, but it seemed much longer to Kristen. Kristen opened her door a crack to see her cousin go into her room. She saw Jennifer carrying her bra in her hand and went to bed in a bad mood.
*
Jennifer waited in vain over the following weeks for Robert to make the next move. He’d assumed, since their last meeting had been so horizontal, that she would come back to him, so he waited. Finally, she confronted him the next time he was at Kristen’s house. She did it in front of Kristen.
“Bobby, why don’t you ask me out?”
“Where, Jenny? On the bus?” he asked.
She turned crimson. “I promise I will never embarrass you like that again. I would never dream of rejecting you again, believe me,” she avowed.
“I know you won’t, because I would never dream of asking again,” he asserted.
Her voice quivering perceptibly, she said, “For Pete’s sake, it’s been over a year. I made a terrible mistake, and I’ve apologized again and again. There must be forgiveness in your heart.”
“I forgave you long ago. I just don’t trust you. It wouldn’t surprise me at all if you were to ditch me again right after I fell for you. I won’t give you the chance.”
“What if I told you I love you? Would that change your mind?”
Kristen gawped at her in shock.
“That would change nothing,” Robert replied. “You might change your mind tomorrow. I won’t make any commitment to you. I don’t trust you.”
“Guys ask me out almost every day,” Jennifer said. “Any of them would be happy to commit to me.”
“Take your pick then. You can’t have me.”
“Fine!” she said. “I will take my pick, jerk!” She ran upstairs.
Robert left.
Kristen smiled.

Chapter Six

Play Ball

It’s not fair from the outset. An elite few are born superior, and with proper training they succeed where those with lesser talent fail, no matter how good the teaching and how hard they try. The mediocre, encompassing most everyone, bumble their way through, trying to excel despite the hopelessness of ever prospering. They think they’re much better than they are, but who has the right to take away their dreams? Others, who never asked to be here (it was their parents’ idea), just waste time grumbling about it all, never carrying their weight and always getting in the way, but demanding equal consideration.
A thousand different things can happen at any time, and that’s what makes it interesting and challenging. A great deal of it is boring, but it is punctuated with moments of sheer excitement or beauty that make it all worthwhile, and with moments of heartbreak that make one question the significance of it all. The end is certain, though just when and how it will come is unclear. Ultimately, some would say it’s about doing one’s best; others think it’s about money; others think it’s about winners and losers; others think it’s about attracting the opposite sex; others think it’s about nothing; most don’t bother thinking about it at all. Regardless, spring renews it.1
With spring, Robert would chomp at the bit to start baseball. Practices began indoors in early March. The Lambeth coaches looked on in amazement as they saw the youngster pitch. They clocked his fastball at eighty-seven miles per hour, approaching major league territory. His curveball and changeup were no less impressive. And his control was superb. “We can’t lose with this kid,” they told each other.
But no one he knew cared for the sport, so no one cared how good he was at it. It frustrated him that his talent in baseball earned him no recognition, let alone admiration among those who knew him. Girls flocked around the great hockey players and football players, but his being the best baseball player by far in the city garnered shoulder shrugs.
Baseball could have been a good avenue for Robert to make friends, but that went nowhere. The game came so naturally to him, he couldn’t comprehend how others seemed to find it so difficult. The game was so important to him—in his mind, baseball was his most promising means of escape from indigence and social oblivion—he took exception when bad plays or bad calls affected his record, and thus his chances of getting noticed by a scout. He’d often lose his composure with teammates over botched plays and scream reprimands not calculated to endear him to anyone such as, “Christ, don’t we have a first baseman who can catch the damn ball!”
He’d constantly argue with umpires over their incompetent calls, often cursing or throwing his cap or his glove down in frustration and getting tossed from the game. His parents would never have tolerated this behavior, but they were gone. His coaches tried to reign in his excesses, but didn’t feel they had the authority to get too harsh. Combine his poor sportsmanship with vanity over his talent and envy over that talent, and none of his teammates liked him.
At school, the story was analogous. With an IQ sixty-two points higher than average, relating to his typical classmate was a little like that classmate trying to relate to a mentally retarded peer with an IQ of thirty-eight. Teachers, with a few notable exceptions, were too inept or unmotivated to challenge him with advanced material; standard high school fare was well beneath his capabilities, so he spent most of his time bored to death. He had a tendency to ask questions that most teachers couldn’t answer, which undermined the respect they got from other students. He regularly disputed the statements they made, which also conduced to disrespect. Had his parents been there to guide him, they would have subdued his arrogance and disrespect, and ensured he was in the best learning environment lest his gifts stagnate, but they were gone. His teachers tried to assert their power when he got unruly, but he only respected authority when it was earned and wielded with competence. Few teachers met his standards. He was a regular at the office. Not able to trust anyone and wary about forming relationships, he seemed unfriendly to most people, which was impertinent of a guttersnipe.
There he would sit, now on the bus, now in class, now in the cafeteria—surrounded by people, but all alone. Classmates construed his isolation as aloofness. No one liked him, and no one felt sorry for him.
Hence, this young man, blessed by nature with charm, looks, athletic talent, humor, and brilliance, had no friends whatever, the continuing toll of the calamity that befell him at age eight. Only Kristen and Jennifer saw him for what he was. Most everyone else saw a low-class, yet conceited, foster child, someone to look down on.
With the end of the school year, the Taylors migrated northwest to their cottage. Kristen renewed her relationship with Dominic. Dominic thought Kristen had matured nicely over the past year and he moved in for the conquest. Talk about poles apart from Robert. He took her for drives in his Mercedes convertible, took her around the lake in his powerboat, raced with her on jet skis, took her for expensive dinners—and gave her a gold necklace, which she accepted this time. He was an egoist, often bragging about himself and forever descanting on what he had, but those were excusable faults in the context of a two million-dollar cottage on the lake.
She didn’t know the half of it with Dominic. Some might describe him as dissipated, but others weren’t so kind. His fortune came from his father’s dealings in the illicit diamond trade. Daddy had found he could get diamonds cheap, while fueling insurgencies in some African nations. Rebel groups used the money from the sale of these diamonds to buy weapons to continue killing anyone who got in the way. Government troops killed rebels when they could, and anyone else who got in the way. Hundreds of thousands had died—but no one important to the Solanos. Dominic, who was as malevolent as his father, but not as smart, continued his father’s ways, and dabbled in cocaine pushing to make his own indelible mark on the community.
Kristen, pure of soul, saw only the good in people. Overlooking their foibles and blind to their perfidy, she had no real conception of evil. This was an enchanting quality—she had nothing but—although it could be hazardous, like walking blindfolded along the precipice of the Grand Canyon. Dominic seemed a bit shady—consorting with shifty-looking rogues, for example—but that was exciting to this young girl. More exciting, in any event, than the cold shoulder from a cold boy. It was easy to forget Robert while she was enjoying herself so much with Dominic. Few teenage girls would feel different. They might have got serious had it not been for her father’s constant warnings that Dominic was a libertine and for the other four girls he was entertaining in similar fashion.
By summer’s end, he was getting so serious about this wonderful girl that he dumped two of the other girls and devoted his extra time to wooing Kristen. She was the only one who wouldn’t come across with what she owed him for all his effort and expense, and he meant to exact payment. She had no intention of letting him go very far, though. Dominic’s attempt ended when Shannon, one of the dispossessed women, broke in on them, and spoiled the mood with her screaming and crying.
*
Robert passed the summer playing baseball, reading, watching TV and hanging around. He managed to get two lawns to mow at twenty dollars each. He might have got more but for a key shortcoming: no lawnmower. The two who hired him had their own and allowed him to use it.
One customer will feature in our story: Kim Arnold, a svelte woman of sandy hair, fair complexion, and stunning hazel eyes. A widow in her mid-twenties who’d lost her husband almost two years prior courtesy of a drunk driver, she was affluent, smart, nice, lovely, and alone, which is a superior set of traits for any woman. There were swains aplenty, but she couldn’t conceive of remarrying, so in love had she been with her husband. Still, she enjoyed attracting men and would parade around her pool in a bikini while Robert was cutting the grass every Wednesday. Afterward, she would invite him to sit with her for a soft drink, and he would take the opportunity to study her titillating features while her head was turned. She turned her head often to foment his indulgence.
Jennifer went to live and work with her father in New York City for the summer. After turning thousands of male heads and turning down many dozens of pleas for dates—her father wouldn’t permit it—she ended the summer on a vainglorious high. Upon her return in late August, she exercised her conceit by demanding a pledge of fealty from Robert. When he returned the usual response, she snapped, “Your loss. Good riddance!”
But as she walked out, she thought she’d better ensure her cousin couldn’t intrude on her turf in case she decided to tread on it again. She turned around and said, “You seem to think you can get any girl because you had Krissy and me on a string for a while. Well, I have guys after me who put you to shame and I’m going to start dating them. And Krissy’s been dating some rich guy all summer, so you’ve lost her, too. She might well flirt with you again, but it’ll mean nothing. Her reputation at school is that she thinks no guy is good enough for her.” This was true; her standards for boys were in the stratosphere, but a girl possessed of all conceivable lures for ensnaring a man could afford to be persnickety. “She’ll be the friendliest girl in the world, but the minute any guy shows interest she turns cold on him.”
Jennifer knew precisely what button to push to set off his alarm. He immediately became suspicious of Kristen’s interest in him. “That leaves you with no one,” she concluded, as she walked out.
*
Back home after summer break, Kristen tried out her machinations on Robert. “I met a rich, handsome guy this summer. I’m really serious about him,” she told him.
“Oh, who is the poor bastard?”
Taken aback, she paused for a moment, then said, “He is definitely not poor.”
“But he is a bastard?”
“No. His name is Dominic Solano—of Solano Jewelers. We spent a lot of time together this summer.”
“Of Solano Jewelers?” Robert repeated, chortling. “He gave you that gold chain, I suppose?” Kristen nodded and smiled. “Well, I’m Bob Owens of defunct parents and all I have to give you is this,” he sneered, and he stuck out his tongue at her. “He’s all yours, Taylor. I guess that means I can’t have you,” he said, feigning tears and wiping his dry eyes. “Ah, shucks, that leaves only a billion other girls. So long.”
Kristen sighed. She tried to convince herself she liked Dominic better anyhow, but it was no use. When she wasn’t with Dominic, she was hard-pressed to specify why she was attracted to him outside of his looks and his means. When she wasn’t with Robert, she’d think of his hilarious remarks, of their inspiring conversations, of his alluring eyes, of him saving Jennifer’s life—in a word, of the exhilaration she felt when he was near. She often missed Robert; she never missed Dominic. And, oddly, she didn’t get jealous of Dominic, even though she now knew there was another girl—as Shannon had demonstrated—but the thought of Robert with another girl made her ill-tempered.
The two stayed on the outs until an opportunity for reconciliation came at friend’s party in early October. Caroline Carter, Kristen’s hard-looking friend, hosted one and invited Robert at Kristen’s request. When Kristen got to the party, Robert was already downstairs. Caroline came up to her and announced, “You, like, wanted to find out what Owens really thinks of you? Like, I gave him something to loosen his tongue.”
“What did you give him?” Kristen enquired.
“Just a glass of beer with, like, three ounces of straight alcohol in it. It’s, like, 180 proof. That one beer will be like drinking a six pack.”
“You shouldn’t have done that. He might get sick.”
“Yes, Miss Prissy,” teased Caroline. “It’s already done, so go downstairs and see how he, like, reacts to you.”
Kristen wandered downstairs and saw him applying himself to the spiked drink, and watching music videos. He was strewn across the couch in an attitude of supine ennui. She attempted to play it cool, but the unwitting smile and radiant eyes he impelled in her had become more obvious of late, which unmasked her true feelings. Her shimmering eyes caught his attention, and he stared for a time with a warm smile of his own, a thrilling turn of events for the enamored girl.
The liquor quickly took hold of his senses. The room began to gyrate, as though his drunkenness had overflowed to unsettle the very gravity around him. Robert got up and wavered. Steadying himself, he sashayed up to Kristen, trying to be cool by stepping to the thump of the song then blaring, but missing every beat by a second or so. “Where’sss Derrick?” he asked.
“You mean Dominic?”
“Derrick, Dominic. They both begin with duh and end in ick.”
“I haven’t seen him since August.”
“Sssit with me on the couch,” he suggested, while plummeting past it to the floor.
“You missed,” she pointed out, while laughing and taking a seat.
“I did not,” he answered before looking at his body—at least, he thought it was his—slumped on the floor, and determining the preponderance of evidence was with her. “Come on down here then,” he resumed, grabbing her foot and pulling. She slid off the couch, landing next to him. He leaned his head against hers and put his arms around her. “Taylor, you are ssso cute,” he proclaimed with such feeling he had to twist his head back and forth as he said “ssso” to express it all. Then he kissed her.
Astonished and elated, she was breathing quickly and casting at him that adoring gaze that young women besotted can’t suppress in passionate moments that says, “I want to have your children!” (Or maybe it means, “Touch me again like that, and I’ll see to it you never have children!”) Hers was a primal, subconscious response, her biology asserting itself. Our first kiss: October second, she mused. “Please stop calling me Taylor. Call me Krissy.”
“I thought only family could call you that,” he remarked.
“Anyone I feel really close to,” she declared, looking earnestly into his eyes. She threw her arms around him and attacked his mouth with hers.
Just when it seemed her fantasy was coming true, her cousin came downstairs and joined them. None of the boys at school could hold her interest, and she wanted Robert back. She wore jeans and a form-fitting white shirt with no bra, and snatched his undivided attention, except between left and right. He released Kristen and went for her cousin, grabbing her hand and yanking her down to the floor.
“Oh!” she yelped as she landed on his lap.
“Jenny, you are incwebwy boofoo … incweb … you’re va preiesssgirlonEarf!” he slurred, his ability to enunciate gone the way of gravity. Her face was so breathtaking he seldom looked lower, but the revealing shirt compelled his attention. The outfit Jennifer selected had the desired effect: the drunken lad couldn’t help gaping at her perfect curves and her barely concealed nipples. The uninhibited boy placed his hand on one breast. Jennifer moved it down to her waist. “I’mhappiess,” he paused to burp, “whenI’mwifyou.”
“What?” she giggled.
“Jusskissssme,” he said. There was such intense yearning in his eyes, she could see her great-grandchildren frolicking about his pupils. She was at once delighted and alarmed. He pulled her close and kissed again, this time more aggressively.
It was pleasurable, and she stopped resisting, but where is that hand going now? “Bobby Owens! Not in front of Krissy,” she reproached between kisses.
“Shoo!” he said to Kristen. She ran upstairs, almost in tears. As she was putting on her jacket to leave, she saw the two walk out, Robert leaning against Jennifer. The young detective elected to follow them to his house, wondering how far her cousin would go with him.
She waited a few minutes, crept up next to his window, which happened to be open a crack, sat beneath it, and listened. “I promised myself never to let a guy go all the way with me who wasn’t dedicated to me,” said Jennifer. He said nothing. “Look at me,” Jennifer resumed. He was having trouble focusing. “I’m lying next to you on your bed with nothing on.”
Kristen’s jaw dropped.
“It’s obvious you want me. Just commit to me, and this is all yours.” He remained mum. Jennifer continued, “Well, let’s see if I can change your mind then.”
Kristen heard his breathing change and knew what was coming. Isn’t it amazing how it’s men who have them, yet women are the experts with them? (Hey, that might be the stupidest query of all time except maybe for, “In retrospect, do you think we erred in bringing that wooden horse inside the gates?”) His gasps culminated, then faded to the inaudible. Kristen was so upset she felt sick. But Jennifer had misplayed her hand, finding his desire had suddenly plunged right after it had peaked. “Now are you ready to make a commitment to me?” Jennifer asked.
“No,” he replied decisively.
“Why not? I’m willing to give up all other guys for you. I love you, Bobby.” He said nothing. She redoubled her efforts. After a few minutes of kissing and caressing, Jennifer declared, “I want you. I’m going to give you my virginity to show you how much I love you. Be gentle, okay?”
He’d never done this before either, so he knew nothing other than approximately where to put it, but he nodded eagerly. She lay on her back and welcomed him with open arms—and legs. He clambered on top of her and entered so excitedly that she gasped in pain. He spent the next twenty-seven seconds in paradise.
Crestfallen, Kristen ran home. Jennifer sneaked in an hour later.
The Taylor and Owens genes had a natural, overpowering affinity for one another and were desperate to intermingle; their bodies were merely following their cue. But whereas Owens’s body was willing to grant both Taylor girls unfettered access to his genes, each Taylor body was less magnanimous, insisting on exclusive access to the Owens genes; selfish things. Their competition over him would taint their relationship for the rest of their lives.
Kristen wouldn’t talk to Jennifer the next morning at the kitchen table. “What’s the matter?” her cousin asked. She wouldn’t answer. “You’re upset that I took Bobby from you last night?” No answer. “I hate to tell you this, cuz, but I’m in love with him and I think he feels the same.” That prompted a response.
“No way, cuz. He’s incapable of loving anyone, and I’m sure he doesn’t trust you after that disaster on the school bus.”
“Stop living in the past, Krissy. You’re just jealous he chose me over you. You heard him. He thinks I’m the most beautiful girl in the world. To him, you’re just a cute kid. He said that to me.”
“To him, you’re just a slut.” Her jealousy simmering, Kristen was one calorie short of a full boil.
Jennifer supplied the heat. “Well, all I know is I felt truly loved last night. Four times!” In reality, it was only the once, for she was tender after her first time—and, anyway, he’d passed out—but she had to reciprocate for the calumny.
“Get out of my house!” Kristen screamed.
“What’s going on here?” said Lisa as she entered the kitchen. “You two are fighting? What’s the problem?”
“Krissy’s upset that Bobby picked me over her. She’s kicking me out of your house.”
“Krissy. I’m surprised at you,” Lisa reprimanded. “You know Jenny is always welcome here. I know he’s an attractive boy, and we owe him a lot, but try not to let him come between you two. You’ve been best friends since birth.”
“He doesn’t need the two of us to come between. Just her!” Kristen said. Jennifer turned beet red. Lisa gawped at Jennifer, suspecting what Kristen’s remark imported, and Jennifer’s hue seemed to confirm.
“Young lady!” Lisa yelled after her daughter, but she ran out of the house and up the street. Lisa turned to her niece. Under the inevitable inquisition, Jennifer held firm in denying she’d been that naughty.
So distressed was Kristen, she decided to go and give Robert a piece of her mind as well. She rapped on his door. The second he answered, she launched into a rant. “It was ignorant of you to just brush me off when my cousin came to the party last night then shoo me away as if I were a gnat. You’re reprehensible and heartless.”
“I did that? Sorry, Taylor. My only excuse is I was really drunk. I spent half the night snuggling the toilet. I think your gargoyle friend spiked my drink.” He rubbed his forehead. Oh, what a headache had he.
“That’s a feeble excuse. You may not have noticed, jerk, but I’ve grown up. I hate being referred to as a cute kid. You treat me like dirt, and I resent you for that.”
“I’m sorry. I never meant to hurt you.”
“You’re a fool trusting Jenny after what she did to you on the bus.”
“I don’t trust her. You either.”
“What? You don’t trust me? Why not?”
“I’ve heard about your reputation for shooting down guys right, left, and center as soon as they show any interest. You think no guy is good enough for you.”
“Jenny told you that, no doubt.”
“Do you deny it?”
“I never lead anyone on, and I don’t turn down guys for the joy of feeling superior to them, as my cousin does. When I hurt anyone’s feelings, I feel terrible. Anyway, I wouldn’t turn you down.”
“Okay. Do you want to go out with me?” he asked.
“Not unless it’s exclusive.”
“So you just turned me down.”
“I did not! I said—”
“I heard what you said. You’ll go out with me if I commit to you. No way, Taylor.”
“Oh!” she screeched, and she stomped out of his house and all the way home.

1This paragraph first appeared on the website of the literary journal, Slow Trains: 
http://www.slowtrains.com/vol9issue3/powersvol9issue3.html

Chapter Seven

Pranks and Games

Kristen believed that the quintessence of a man’s character is most clearly unveiled in his wit. Wit demonstrates his mental prowess and quickness, his ingenuity, his way with words, his brashness, his irreverent attitudes—and, of course, his sense of humor. She always looked for ways to get Robert to display his wit, which she adored.
Any good woman takes it upon herself to expand her man’s interests beyond sports and sex, if only so he’ll spend more time with her and less time on her. To spend more time with Robert, Kristen decided to invite him to her various volunteer activities. He declined each invitation.
“Come on, Bobby. You know you need forty hours of community volunteering to graduate. Have you done any?”
“No.”
“Then how about coming along on Sunday afternoons to the children’s ward at the hospital?” He didn’t answer, but she persisted, “I take my dog there to cheer up the children. Will you come?”
“What for?”
“Do you listen to anything I say? You need forty hours of volunteer work to graduate. This would be something worthwhile.”
“What would I have to do?”
“Just be yourself. Make them laugh.”
“All right. What time?”
“We’ll pick you up at twenty to two. We stay there from two to four.”
He assented and commenced joining her for the weekly visit. Normally, things went well, with Kristen offering emotional support, and Robert and the dog lightening the mood. Sometimes it was depressing, which made Robert want to stop going until Kristen made the case how important it is to lift the gloom from the lives of those suffering children and their loved ones.
One particular Sunday was most distressing. A lovable little six-year-old boy had died of cancer the night before, and the other children on the ward were crying and worrying. Robert sat with the dog next to the wall in the room that served to entertain the children and their families. He was so disheartened, he couldn’t do a thing. Kristen, though, went to the children and hugged them, cried with them, and reassured them. After twenty minutes, she called Robert over to help cheer them up. Inspired by her, he did his best, although the dog was better medicine than he that day.
On the way home, he said, “You were terrific with them today, Kristen. I don’t know how you do it. It’s so sad. Why the hell can’t they cure cancer yet? How many top scientists have been working on it for decades? How many hundreds of billions have they spent on it? Yet still little kids die from it. I’m not sure I want to go anymore.”
“I’m every bit as upset as you are. Today was hard, but our help is most important when something like that happens. Someone has to help those poor children. Please don’t give up. I need you to be there, too, or I don’t want to keep doing it either.”
How could he say no to such an appeal, to such an angel? “Oh, all right,” he said.
Kristen dragged Robert and her dog, Billingsgate, along to an old age home in nearby Komoka one Saturday afternoon as well. She thought maybe the dog would cheer up the senior citizens. He found that place so oppressive and malodorous, he refused to return. “So this is what the fossils who didn’t have the sense to die younger come to, eh? What’s the point of it all? What’s the goddamn point?” he whispered to Kristen.
“Oh, stop being so morbid,” she reproved as she brushed an old lady’s hair. He noticed the smile on the woman’s face and couldn’t help thinking that Kristen was a much better person than he, much better than anyone he ever met. “Our visits bring a little happiness back into their lives. You don’t want to come here because you put yourself in their position. Think then how much you would like something out of the ordinary like talking to young people and petting a dog.”
How could he say no to such an appeal, to such an angel? “No, Taylor.” (That’s how.) “I’ll go to see the kids, but not the fossils. And do me a favor: the day when petting a dog and talking to kids is the highlight of my life, kill me.”
Kristen hoped that the more time he spent with her, the closer he would get to her. It worked. He enjoyed her company so much, he began to call on her during the week, though found she was seldom home. Robert was awestruck by her irresistible personality—her brilliance, her wit, her charm, her poise, her integrity, her affability, her vitality, and her compassion—and she was cute, to boot. To him, they were the best of friends.
To her, they were much more, despite his flaws. She looked beyond what he was to what he could be given what nature had bestowed on him; and what he could be, assuming he attained his potential, was a great man. No one else she’d ever met came close to his potential. Reason aside, she was falling in love.
By this time, the spontaneous smile that sprang to her lips and eyes whenever she saw him had become resplendent. She looked the more alluring for it, and his gaze became longer and more longing.
On Halloween, he stopped by to invite her out for an evening stroll. As they walked down her driveway, Robert said, “Hey, Taylor, watch this.” Kristen observed as he darted at a young boy and said, “Give me that bag you little bugger!” The lad screamed, surrendered the bag of candy, and ran away whimpering. “Scram, pipsqueak!” Robert yelled as he examined his booty.
“Robert Peter Owens!” Kristen berated. “I don’t believe what I just saw. How could you?” She called to the youngster. “Wait a minute, little boy. Come back.” He stopped and returned. Then she looked at Robert and said, “You set me up, didn’t you?” He started laughing, and the boy joined in.
“Give me my five bucks,” the boy demanded, and Robert handed it over.
“How did you know?” Robert asked her.
“It wouldn’t shock me if you’d done that in your past, but I didn’t think you could be that mean to a young child. I see how much you care about the kids on the children’s ward. You did have me going for a minute, though. Honestly, Bobby, will you ever grow up?”
“This is Kevin. He lives next door. I got the five bucks to take him trick or treating, and I spent it for your entertainment.” She smiled. “I have to walk him home. Walk with us, okay?” The good sport accompanied them. On the way back to Kristen’s, Robert, not having expelled all his juvenile impulses yet for the evening, stopped in front of Judy’s house. “Wait here a minute,” he said.
“What are you going to do? Bobby!”
“Just watch and keep your voice down.” She watched uneasily as he went to the corner of the house and dragged the Gilmour rain barrel, which was brimming with water, to the front door. He placed its base a few feet from the front door and leaned the top against the door. Then he waved at Kristen to hide in the bushes, rang the doorbell, and dashed to join her. Judy answered the door and unleashed a shriek as the contents of the barrel came rushing like a tidal wave into the front hall, soaking her legs in the process. Robert guffawed so hard that he started to shake.
Judy, livid over the peccadillo, came running out of her house and spotted the two. She attacked Robert, kneeing him below the belt and hitting him about the shoulders and face, while screaming, “I hate you! I hate you! I wish you were dead!” He didn’t know how to defend himself from an attacking girl, especially slouched as he was against the acute pain in his groin. He blocked what he could with his arms and backed away.
Kristen stepped in to halt the altercation. She appeased Judy and convinced her to go back into her house. Kristen then went back to Robert, who was leaning against a streetlight agitated, and said, “Are you okay?”
“They’re really sore,” he replied, igniting her sympathy. She stroked his cheek with her fingers. “Can you rub them better?” he asked, thereby extinguishing her sympathy.
“That was serious. She went crazy. I was worried she would hurt you.”
“You say that to a boy whose left nut is dangling from his liver? She’s beyond crazy. I think she’s wicked. Watch out for her.” He limped her home and called it a night.
The next Friday evening, Robert came by looking for some company. Kristen, happy to see him, smiled and invited him into her house. He took off his jacket. “Don’t tell me you’re wearing that awful shirt again,” she said.
“What’s the matter? You don’t like cows?”
She simpered and led him into the family room, warning him that Judy was there, but saying she seemed to be over her anger. Judy was in the middle of a story about her overcurious cat. “As I was saying before shithead got here—oh, nice shirt, Owens—my cat got sprayed by a skunk last night. My mother looked on the Internet to see what to do; you know, does tomato juice really work? She discovered that tomato juice is okay and shampoo is, too, but the best thing to use is Massengill. So we bought some and washed the cat in it, and it actually worked.”
“No. You didn’t just tell me you douched your pussy, did you?” Robert asked. Both Judy and Kristen shrieked—Judy in horror, Kristen in glee.
“You’re such a goddamn pervert, Owens,” Judy observed.
“We were going to play Trivial Pursuit,” Kristen said. “You and I can team up against Jeremy and Judy.”
“I hate games. They’re boring.” Robert groaned.
“You don’t want to play because you’re afraid it’ll show your imperfection,” Judy opined.
“I have to admit I did make a mistake once,” Robert conceded. “It was two years ago. I thought I had made a mistake, but I was mistaken.” Kristen smiled and broke out the game, set it on the table, and rolled the die.
The first question was for Kristen and Robert: “What are the four letters above Christ’s head on the cross?” Jeremy read.2
“O-o-p-s?” Robert quipped. Kristen laughed. Judy frowned.
“It’s I-N-R-I,” Kristen said.
“Too late,” Judy said. “He already answered.”
“Come on, Judy, he was joking,” Kristen protested.
“What could matter less, Kristen?” Robert said. “Just roll, Jeremy.”
“Two. Let’s go to geography, Jeremy,” instructed Judy.
Kristen skimmed the wordy question and just read the last part: “What country has the city of Condom?”
“Oh, how are we supposed to know that?” Judy grumbled. “You got an easy question. I don’t know. Jeremy?” He shook his head. Robert pointed and laughed. “Okay, smart aleck, where is it?” Judy challenged.
“On the Peninsula of Phallicia,” Robert jested.
“And where is that?” said Kristen with a grin.
“Due north of Sackville,” he said.
Kristen chortled and said, “No.”
Robert guessed again. “Fling Flong, Manitoba?” She shook her head. “Hardick—”
Kristen interrupted, “Okay, we get your gist. It’s in France. Our turn.”
Jeremy read, “What four-letter verb does the Bible use to indicate sexual intercourse?”
“I don’t suppose it’s fu—” Robert started to say before Kristen interjected, “Robert! Behave. You know I hate that word. The answer is ‘know.’”
“Hey, nowadays it means you can’t have intercourse,” Robert pointed out.
“I mean k-n-o-w, brat,” she clarified.
“Oh. Kristen, do you want to get to know me better?” Robert begged. “Let’s go to your room and know.”
“No.”
“I’m confused,” he admitted. “Did you say no or know? Does know mean yes or no?”
“Oh, shut up, pervert,” Judy scolded. “Roll the dice.”
“Know off,” Robert told her. Pulling the thread a bit further, Robert continued, “And the archangel appeared unto Kristen Taylor and commanded, ‘Thou shalt know Bob Owens as often as he may desire.’”
“Robert Owens!” Kristen chided. “You are absolutely nuts.”
“You take that back or I’ll get Mr. O’Toole to bop you on the head,” he said.
“Who’s Mr. O’Toole?” Kristen asked.
“My invisible leprechaun,” he responded, to Kristen’s amusement.
“Jeremy, read the next question before that idiot says another thing,” ordered Judy.
“What is by far the largest organ in the human body?” Jeremy read.
“On most people, it’s the skin, but on me—” Robert started before being cut off.
“Never mind,” Kristen said, “We know what’s coming.”
“You do?” he said looking down at his lap. “Even through my clothes?”
“God help us,” Judy griped. “You have such a juvenile, one-track mind. You can only think with your organ.”
“That’s not true,” Robert countered. “I also come and go with it.”
Kristen burst out laughing.
She said, “Mr. Owens, you are unspeakably indecent. It’s your most endearing quality.”
The game went on like this for a while, ending with Kristen asking, “How many of every five boy babies were circumcised in 1982?”
“Oh, I give up,” Judy proclaimed, and she grabbed Jeremy’s hand and left (with all of him, not just his hand).
Kristen turned over the card and read “four.” Looking at Robert, she said, “Are you one or four in five?”
“I’m too shy to say, but I’d be happy to show you,” he said.
“I dare you,” she replied.
Robert looked at her with big eyes. “Okay. Not here, though,” he said. “In your room.”
“Right here,” she dared. He undid his pants button. “Stop it!” she commanded. “If my father comes down here, you’re dead.” He did his pants up.
They watched TV for a while together. The couple locked eyes and began kissing, lightly at first, but soon their tongues were probing each other’s mouths. Kristen disengaged when his hands began to get frisky. She asked if he would like to come by tomorrow.
“I’m with Jenny tomorrow,” he said. Jennifer had stopped spending weekends at Kristen’s and began spending Saturday nights with Robert, telling each Mrs. Taylor she was at the other’s.
“Do you have to keep seeing her?”
“I really enjoy seeing her.”
“I’ll bet you do, but would you consider stopping what you do with her for me?”
“What do you mean? Stop with her, and start with you?”
“No. I won’t make love to a boy until I love him, and he loves me. I’m not like my cousin.”
“That’s too bad. I’ll keep seeing her.”
“So all I am is a friend to you?” Kristen bleated.
“No. You’re my best friend, my one true friend.”
“Well, that’s not good enough for me.”
“So are you saying you want me to stop seeing you?”
“No! I want you to stop seeing her.”
“No way, Taylor,” he declared.
“You have no clue how hard this is on me, do you? Every Saturday night I lie in bed and die a little inside thinking of you with her.”
“I’m sorry about that, but I’m still going to see her tomorrow.”
“Just go home,” said the melancholy young lady. He left.

2 Parts of this scene first appeared on the website of the literary journal, Johnny America:
http://www.johnnyamerica.net/archives/2010/04/19/07.00.00

Chapter Eight

Shocker

Kara MacDonald had been the most beautiful girl in Windsor. She took Jim Taylor’s breath away when he first met her. Despite her questionable disposition, he had to have her, and the two were married after a whirlwind courtship. Jennifer came along within the year. Jim put up with Kara for twelve years, eleven of them for the sake of the daughter he loved, but couldn’t take it anymore, so he divorced her. He made the best case he could for custody of his daughter, but it was hopeless.
Still a striking woman, Kara continued to turn male heads. A steady stream of male suitors lapped up to her door, and she opened it to the best ones, but they were invariably turned off by her personality. By the time Jennifer was in eleventh grade, Kara was approaching age forty and worried about growing old alone. She lowered her standards, and within a few months she met an acceptable man by the name of Jordan Hicks. In September, he asked for Kara’s hand, and she accepted.
Jennifer reacted poorly, both because it meant the end of any chance of her father coming back to her, and because Jordan was a creep; his eyes were forever on the leer. She responded by spending as much time as she could away from home or locked in her room.
In November, Jordan was transferred to Sarnia, an hour’s drive west of London. Jennifer informed her mother she wouldn’t move, and Kara informed her daughter she would. She asked Aunty Lisa if she could move in with them, and she said, “As long as your mother approves,” but Kara did not. Jennifer screamed and cried, demanding to be allowed to stay with Kristen’s family. Kara briefly considered relenting until Jennifer said, “I love Bobby! You can’t take me away from him. We’re going to get married when we finish high school.”
Since Kara couldn’t entertain the idea of her daughter marrying the vulgar foster child, her resolve became impregnable. Jennifer threatened to run away, but Kara laughed at the idea, adding that if she went to her father he’d get in a great deal of legal trouble.
In desperation, Jennifer went to Robert and asked if she could stay with him. “I can’t think of anything I’d rather less than for you to move away. I really want to help you stay, but it’s impossible. I’m just a foster child here, as you know. These cheap bastards barely feed me. They would never consider letting you stay here.”
“Then can we run away together? Maybe to the States. You’re American. We can go there.”
“God, Jenny, how? Where’s the money supposed to come from? I don’t see much of a future in the street urchin business.”
“What about your trust fund?”
“I can’t get that money until I’m nineteen except for a hundred bucks a month.”
“We could drop out of school and work.”
“There’s no future in that either. That would utterly ruin my prospects for baseball—or anything else. And what could we make combined at minimum wage? Barely enough to cover rent and food.”
“My dad might give me money. He wouldn’t let me starve in the streets.”
“Right. He’ll pay to have his daughter live in sin with the likes of me. He knows you’re better off with your mother.”
Jennifer called her dad to ask, but he wouldn’t hear of it. Staying with the mother is much preferable to a sixteen-year-old living common-law with an impoverished orphan—and, as much as he would have liked for her to move to New York to live with him, that would contravene the court’s ruling. In the end, a desolate Jennifer moved to Sarnia with her mother and Jordan.
This episode was a watershed for Jennifer. Like Robert, she had lost her support system, her secure loving home, her family. In her case, the losses were much more subtle and gradual, cushioned as they were by the love she felt in Kristen’s family—but now, deprived of the Taylors’ love and supervision, and left to her hardhearted mother and an unsavory step-father, the final effect was just as emotionally debilitating. She went into a shell and spent all her free time in her room. At school, she gave up trying, and her marks plummeted. She adopted a soft punk look to grieve her mother—and to ward off her step-father and boys at school. The poor girl’s life was a mess.
Robert, too, was forlorn. Had he the wherewithal he could have had her for a live-in goddess, but he had nothing. Now she was gone, and there was nothing he could do. He wept the day she moved away, though no one knew.
Christmastime was a sad occasion for the Taylors. Three elderly members of the family had succumbed that year. And Jennifer had moved away and said she wouldn’t be coming this year. It just didn’t seem like Christmas. Robert could have salvaged the day for Kristen, at least, but to her dismay, he declined. Four days later, they found out why. Jennifer had come to Kilworth to be with Robert while his foster parents were away skiing. She’d told her mother she’d be staying with the Taylors. Kara called to check up on her and found out her daughter had lied. Lisa went to Robert’s to verify what they all knew.
Lisa rang the bell, but no one answered, so she tried the door and found it was unlocked. She walked in and heard the two talking. “Jenny! I have to talk to you,” she hollered. Silence from his room. She went to his room and caught a glimpse of Jennifer pulling up the sheet over her unclothed body. Robert was lying next to her. “Jenny, get dressed and come with me,” she ordered as she glowered at Robert. He blushed. “I’ll wait for you at the front door.”
Jennifer put on her clothes and came out of his room. “Please, Aunty Lisa, let me stay here. I love Bobby and I want to be with him.”
“You’re a sixteen-year-old girl. You’re much too young for … this. You lied to your mother and took advantage of us. This is unacceptable behavior, and we won’t let you get away with it. Now get your coat and come with me. Your mother wants you home tonight.”
Jennifer got her coat, kissed Robert goodbye, and began to cry. “I love you. I’ll come back as soon as I can.”
“Your deception will make that a lot harder, Jenny,” warned Lisa. “When you abuse someone’s trust, it’s very hard to earn it back.” She took Jennifer home and lectured her.
Bill was aghast when Jennifer told them she didn’t trust her step-father. He called Jim about it, who immediately called Kara to warn her that if his daughter was harmed in any way she’d regret it. Kara protested that Jordan had never touched Jennifer, and would never do that. She claimed Jennifer was making it up to make a case to move out. Jennifer had no choice but to return home. Jordan, worried about the accusations, stopped eyeing Jennifer and kept his distance. Jennifer was not allowed to travel to Kilworth again, though lack of permission is no bar when the parents have failed to earn their child’s respect.
Kristen’s parents ordered her to steer clear of Robert.
“Don’t you trust me?” she challenged.
“Of course, but I certainly don’t trust him,” said Bill.
“Are you saying he’d rape me?”
“No, but he’ll push you to give him what he wants,” contended Bill.
“And how is that different from any other boy?”
“This one we caught with our niece,” said Lisa.
“It comes down to what I permit, and I’ll give him no liberties. Just trust me.”
“We trust you. We absolutely do not trust him,” declared Bill.
“Mom, Dad, I love you and I’ve never disobeyed you, but you need to know something: I love Bobby.” Her parents looked shocked.
“Please don’t say that, Krissy. You’re too young to know what love is,” said Lisa.
“Even if you were ten years older, I’d fight to keep you two apart. You can do so much better,” added Bill.
“He has his faults, God knows, but he’s still the most remarkable person I’ve ever met. If you know of any other funny, cute, fascinating geniuses, I wish you’d tell me. I’ve never given you reason not to trust me and I don’t intend to. Please don’t try to keep us apart.”
“You will never see him again! Is that understood?” asserted Bill. She ran out of the house. Lisa and Bill looked at each other uncomfortably. This had the potential to ruin their superb relationship with their daughter, they knew.
Kristen went to Robert’s. He smiled upon seeing Kristen. “Hey. Come in,” he greeted.
They went to his room.
She didn’t know how to broach the issue of her parents’ edict, so she opened with small talk. “God, Bobby, it looks like a bomb exploded in here.” She started to tidy up to expend some of her anxiety and anger. Amongst the rubbish was a pencil drawing he’d done for art in eighth grade. She looked at it, chortled and said, “You’re quite the artist. What is this?”
“Um, it’s either a combine harvesting a field of wheat waving in the breeze under a majestic prairie sunset on a lazy September evening, or a hammer.”
She laughed.
“What did you intend it to be?” she asked. “A few scattered letters?”
“It’s an island.”
She turned the paper to different aspects to see if she could make out an island. “Oh, I think I see. The big circle in the middle isn’t a cockeyed O, it’s your island.” He nodded. “And the little O on it?”
“A rock.”
“It’s quite a desolate island. And these three Ws?”
“Waves.”
“I see. And these Vs are birds, I suppose?”
“Now you’re starting to see it as the artist intended.”
“Artist?” she said, tittering. “This A; I can’t figure out what it is.”
“Tail of a plane sticking out of the water.”
She smiled sadly at him. “And this red F?”
“My grade.”
Kristen howled at that. “May I have your drawing?” she asked.
“Sure,” he said.
She went on, “I find it astounding how your brain can be so advanced in intelligence, common sense, and humor, but so retarded concerning art and emotion.”
“I also stink at poetry, making friends, remembering people’s names, fixing things—” he confessed.
She interrupted with more: “Picking out clothes, socializing, understanding girls—”
“All right, all right. I suck, I know. I’m kind of surprised to see you. I would’ve thought your parents would forbid you to see the instrument of Jenny’s fall from grace.”
“They have.”
“Wow. Miss Goodie-Two-Shoes disobeying her parents. I’m impressed.”
“If we’re to see each other, it has to be on the sly.”
“Just come here whenever you want.”
“You need to know that I’m not like Jenny. To me, making love is a wonderful experience reserved for a man and woman who love each other passionately,” she said. “I will not consider having sex without that. Do you accept that?”
“I don’t question your right to decide when you’ll have sex.”
“Good …” she said, but switched her train of thought upon spotting something new on his dresser. “Where did you get the mini stereo? You can’t afford that.”
“I hear that Jenny’s grounded.”
“You stole it, didn’t you?”
“Stuck in the house with that creep.”
“Answer my question!”
“I didn’t steal it,” Robert said, looking culpable. “I bought it.”
“Where did you get the money? Steal it?”
“No. I paid for it with my own money.”
“How much?”
“Fifty bucks.”
“Oh, you bought it off the back of a truck.”
“I didn’t ask where it came from.”
“Stop playing stupid, genius. It’s not as if you have a conscience anyway. Return it!”
“No way. I paid for it. It’s not as if it’ll go back to the original owner.”
“Why are you like this? You have so much going for you. Mark my words: if you don’t stop this crooked behavior, it will be your downfall. It’s the one thing that can stop you from being an enormous success.”
“I’m keeping it, Taylor. I spent fifty dollars on it, just about every cent I had.”
“Maybe my parents were right. Take it back or else!”
“Or else what?”
“Or else …” She stopped for a moment to mull over the threat she was about to make, then went ahead. “You’ll be enjoying your stereo mono.” She awaited his response with worried eyes.
He thought it over for a few moments. He decided it wasn’t worth the loss of his one friend. “Okay. I’ll take it back, but at least let me play one song on it for you. May I have this dance, milady?” he said with a smile.
She smiled and nodded as he put on a slow song. Kristen not only permitted him to hold her close, she embraced him, resting her head on his shoulder and closing her eyes. When the song ended, he kissed her. She enjoyed the kiss, but afterward pushed his hips away from hers chiding, “You’re bulging, Mr. Owens.”
“Well, Taylor,” he said, “I may not say this as often as I should, but nothing says I want you like my bulge poking you in the belly button.”
“You should submit that one to Hallmark,” she joshed.
“We shouldn’t let my bulge go to waste. It’s not something that comes along every day.”
“Oh, I’m guessing it does. But it won’t with me around without a commitment.”
“Y’know, the greatest irony is how women look down their snouts at men for wanting only one thing. Yet, all we want from women is a few minutes, whereas women demand a lifetime of us. So which is the unreasonable sex?”
“And if I gave any boy I was attracted to that few minutes, would you want me as a girlfriend?” she said. “No, because you, like all boys, have that galling double standard. I’d be a slut in your eyes.”
“I am what evolution has wrought. My instinct is to shop around to find the best set of genes to join with mine.”
“I am much more than a set of genes. Women are not merely vessels for your children.”
“Actually, I think of women as vessels for my semen.”
“Aren’t you droll?” she said. “You referred to evolution. Marriage, too, evolved in every human society, because that is the best way to ensure the survival of the species.”
“Maybe with six billion of us it’s outlived its usefulness. The institution of marriage has been crumbling for years because it imposes unnatural chains on both man and woman.”
“Well, far be it from me to place you in fetters, Robert, though you do belong in an institution … Do you know what last words dying men most often say on the battlefield?” she asked.
“There’s an out-of-the-blue question. Oh, I don’t know, maybe, ‘Do me a favor buddy, take the movie I rented back to the corner store before I get charged for another day. Oh, and if you don’t mind, stuff my intestines back in, will you?’”
“Wrong,” she said. “Dying men most often say, ‘Tell my wife I love her.’ So, you see, men really do love their wives.”
“Actually, they die before finishing what they wanted to say.” He pretended to be a man dying on the battlefield. Clutching the top of Kristen’s sweater, he said, “Tell my wife …” He paused for a breath, and continued, “I love her …” He gulped and finished with “cousin!” before pretending to die.
She laughed and hit him on the shoulder. Feeling particularly close to him and optimistic that he listened to her demand to get rid of the stereo, she decided to take the risk of declaring her feelings for him. “Where do we stand? Am I just a friend to you? What can I do to draw you closer?”
“I’m getting closer to you all the time.”
“Come off it, Robert. Continents drift faster.”
“Are you saying a boy and a girl can’t be best friends?”
“Of course not. I’m saying I can’t be just best friends with you.”
“Why?”
Her heart now his ineluctable captive, she declared, “Because … I love you! There I said it. I love you.” She was looking deep into his eyes, hoping against hope he would admit same, but he didn’t. Not knowing what to say, he stepped up to her and hugged her. “Don’t you have anything to say?” she asked.
“I, I … Taylor, this is hard for me. I have strong feelings for you. But love? At seventeen? It scares me.”
“Well, I’m sorry to scare you,” said the distraught young lady with a big pout. He tried hugging her again. “I just wish I knew whether you’re afraid to love anyone or simply incapable of it,” she added. “Are we still friends or did I make an unforgivable mistake admitting my feelings for you?”
“Of course not,” he said. “I really like you, Kristen. I want to see you as often as you can.” She kissed him on the cheek and left, still dismayed at his refusal to say he loved her.

Chapter Nine

The Yanks are Coming

Any parent knows teenagers go through money faster than a spendthrift government. Fortunately, they can’t borrow money from their children and grandchildren to pay for everything they want. Robert’s one hundred-dollar stipend sufficed to keep him poorly clothed, and to pay for baseball fees and equipment, but that was about it. He was ready and willing to work to earn spending money, though opportunities were limited in the immediate area. He managed to get a part-time job, his first, at an Italian restaurant in London. As hitchhiking proved unreliable, he needed a method of transportation, so he found an unguarded bike in downtown London and absconded with it.
Kristen, who was preparing for another summer at the cottage, came by to say goodbye. With the garage door open and his new acquisition in clear view, the anxious boy walked down the driveway to meet her and stood so she’d have to look away from the garage to talk to him. She stepped up to kiss him goodbye for a few weeks. When she turned her head, she glimpsed his new mountain bike in the garage.
“Whose bike is that? My brother wanted one of those, but my parents said no because they cost almost a thousand dollars,” stated the surprised young lady. He could never lie to Kristen for some reason. He just looked down, and she knew what happened. “Robert Owens! Not this again. I don’t understand you. I know you know right from wrong. What possessed you to steal someone’s property like that?”
“I needed a bike to get to my job, but I had no money yet.”
“So borrow some money from me until you get your first paycheck. There is never a good excuse to steal. Just think how bad the boy must feel whose bike you stole. Return it, Robert.”
“I wouldn’t know where. I took it from the front of a store.”
“Let me take it to my father. He’ll return it to the rightful owner. I’ll lend you some money to buy a new one. Pay me back when you can.” He nodded. “Listen, Bobby, I’m not interested in a criminal. Do you understand?” He again nodded submissively. “Stop breaking the law. You’re much better than that. Do this again, and we’re through.” With that she left, taking the bicycle. She returned later with two hundred dollars and a kiss. “See you in a few weeks, and be good,” she warned. Later that day, she went up north for the summer.
Robert bought a new bike and worked two or three days a week at the restaurant throughout the summer.
He also mowed Kim Arnold’s lawn—not so much for the money as for the view. He’d zip through the front yard and tarry through the back with Kim traipsing about her garden in her bathing suit. He was more often than not invited to stay for a swim.
For the last two weeks of July, he also got to ogle her older sister who was visiting from BC with her children. A thirty-four-year-old divorcee, Molly Thorpe was as lovely as Kim. She’d lost none of her beauty to time and offspring as yet. Four years ago, her husband had left her and their children in favor of his accountant, Bruce; they’d moved to Saskatchewan together. We might wish for him to burn in hell for such a merciless deed, but life in Moose Jaw with a gay accountant is worse.
Robert swam with her children that day, much to the delight of the women, who were sitting by the pool sipping on slushes. The children had fun climbing on him, being thrown across the pool, getting away from the horrific floating head of death, pretending to be on lifesavers in the ocean and knocking each other off them, and so on. “He’ll make a great father some day,” Molly mentioned. Kim nodded, but gave it little thought then. Noticing her younger sister gaze longingly at the young man, Molly added, “He’s really cute, don’t you think?” Kim nodded and smiled. “A bit young for you though.”
“Well, I don’t plan on marrying him, Molly.”
“You’re not seriously thinking about … You are, aren’t you? How old is he?”
“He’ll be eighteen soon,” Kim answered, blushing.
“Have you been with a man since Brian died?”
“No.”
“He keeps staring at you, too, when you’re not looking.”
“I know.”
“Well, sis, what harm could it do? Just a fun diversion until you find a nice man to marry.”
“I’m not going to get married again.”
“Oh, come on, Kim. You’re only twenty-six. You can’t spend the rest of your life alone.” Seeing her sister was upset, Molly ended the conversation with: “I just don’t want you to be lonely. I’m worried about you. You’re all alone here, and you seem so sad.”
On a hot August Saturday afternoon, Kim, who was trimming her trees and shrubs in the backyard as Robert mowed her lawn, wore nothing but a skimpy bikini bottom and a halter top that hung loose over her chest. The effect was tantalizing, rather like a mini dress that had shrunk to exactly the right size, exposing her ribcage, her flat midriff, and everything beneath except for the bit covered by the bikini bottom. He studied the small of her back and the wonderful way it arched; the flawless curves of her backside; the bottoms of her firm breasts when she reached up to prune a tree; the way the straps of her bikini bottom hugged her hips and went enticingly over her slightly protruding pelvic bones; how her smooth thighs joined at … oh, it was too much.
She was enjoying the attention as much as he was enjoying attending. “Do you know what this tree is called?” she asked him when he finished mowing.
“Stephanie?” he guessed.
Chuckling, she said, “No, silly, this is a cultivar of the southern magnolia. It grows this far north. Isn’t it delightful?”
“Yes, it’s magnificent,” he said, while running his eyes up and down the gardener. Doing the same to her assistant, she could see the full extent of his appreciation for nature at its finest.
“Do you want to join me for a swim?” she asked, while gazing into his eyes.
“I’d love to,” he replied.
She walked over to the pool, took off her top, smiled salaciously at him and dived in. “Come on in,” she invited. “The water’s lovely.” He dived in. She watched him under water and placed herself in front of him in the shallow end. His head came up between her toothsome breasts. She kissed him passionately. She pulled down his shorts. As she kissed his lips, his chin, his neck, his chest, and progressively worked lower, he could feel himself losing control. She could tell, too, by his breathing, but continued undaunted. One light kiss on the focal point and, to his embarrassment, he went off like the fourth of July. She laughed wildly. Oh, how women revel in their sexual control over men.
Two blocks away, Angela Tedesco, who was out walking her dog, felt something land in her hair. “Damn birds,” she averred as she rushed home to have a shower.
“I’m sorry,” he said, blushing.
“Now that you’re calm, let’s go more slowly, okay?” Kim said. An excellent teacher, she demonstrated how to please a woman through various lessons that might be classified under the rubric, “Fun with Genitals in the Comely Widow’s Pool.” It was the one of the best hours of his life, and the best in hers since Mr. Arnold checked into oblivion. When it was over, Kim warned him not to expect this treatment again. “You caught me in a moment of weakness,” she claimed. Even so, he left hopeful she was prone to such moments and anxious to get started on his homework.
Meanwhile, with Robert Owens still eluding her web, Kristen began anew with Dominic once summer season commenced in cottage country. He was a dim bulb compared to the star in Kilworth, but he was still a lot of fun. He was patient and allowed her to take the relationship at her own speed. He was a gentleman, she thought, whereas Robert just wanted to hop in the sack. Of course, it was easy for Dominic to be patient because he was always seeing two or more other women, most of whom would give him anything he wanted. Kristen was a long-term project worth the effort, so glorious was she. They saw each other two or three times every week.
By this time, though, she was hopelessly in love with Robert and needed to see him after a few weeks apart. When news reached her that a team of seventeen and eighteen-year-old American all-stars on an Ontario tour would play a game against a team of London all-stars in mid-August, and that Robert was on the London team, she wanted to attend. She imposed upon Dominic to take her to London on the day of the game on the pretext of wanting to get her hair done. He dropped her at the salon while he went to conduct some business. She got a haircut, then went to the Labatt Park, where the game was to be played. She waved to Robert. Surprised and elated to see her, he smiled and waved back.
This game would be the first serious test for Robert. If he performed well against the cream of the United States, he might have a great chance for the major leagues. The American team hadn’t lost yet that year. The pitcher they would be throwing at London was the top-rated in the country for his age. Their hitters were averaging .509 against opposing pitching, and scored an average of more than eighteen runs per game. They hadn’t met any real competition in the U.S. or Canada.
Kristen, who’d learned the basics of the game from watching televised Blue Jays games with Robert here and there, looked on excitedly from the stands. In the first inning, with a man on first base, Robert lined the ball over the left-center field fence for a two-run lead. It was the first homerun hit against that pitcher all year, and it was the first time the American team had trailed this year. They were determined to remedy this in their part of the first inning, but they went down one-two-three. The Americans didn’t even manage a hit until the fifth inning, but could do nothing with it. By the top of the final inning, it remained two-nothing, and the frustrated Americans began to think they might actually lose.
Kristen and the rest of the London fans were on the edge of their seats. It looked good for London, but things changed in a hurry. With Robert at bat, their pitcher threw the ball at his head. Robert ducked in time and glared at him. Then the pitcher did it again, but Robert couldn’t move in time. The pitch bounced off his helmet, and he charged the mound and punched the pitcher in the face. Both benches emptied, and a brawl ensued.
By the time calm was restored, Robert and the U.S. pitcher had been ejected, but this was a problem solely for the London side, since there was no other pitcher who could contain the Americans. In the bottom of the inning, the U.S. all-stars scored six times to win the game 6-2, finishing with a grand slam.
A bitterly disappointed Owens refused to shake hands with the American squad. London’s coach added to the bitterness by upbraiding Robert for charging the mound. “They did it to goad you into doing exactly what you did. If you kept your head, we could have beaten them. That would’ve been your best revenge. Instead your action cost us the game.”
Robert didn’t argue; he knew it was true. He sat in the dugout feeling despondent.
Kristen went to comfort him, but before she could say anything, the third base coach for the American squad approached Robert. “Excuse me,” the coach said, holding out his hand for a shake. “Let me compliment you, son, on a great game.” Robert glared at him. “I know you’re upset,” he continued, withdrawing his hand. “You have a right to be. That’s not the way I like to win a game, and believe me, I wasn’t in on it. Listen, please.” Robert turned to him. “I’m a scout for the Minnesota Twins organization.” Robert perked right up. “Have you signed with anyone yet?”
“No, sir,” Robert answered, all of a sudden much more polite.
“May I ask how old you are?”
“Seventeen, sir.”
“You’ll be going into twelfth grade next month, I assume?” Robert nodded. “Are you interested in playing professionally, Mr. Owens? Because I don’t see that anything can stop you from making the majors.”
“Yes, sir!” Robert proclaimed.
“Once you’re through high school, we can talk about a contract with the Twins organization, okay?”
“Yes, sir!” They shook hands and exchanged contact information, and the man left.
Kristen stepped close, smiled, and hugged him. “Isn’t it exciting?” she said. He nodded his head exultantly. “I’m so proud of you,” she declared. She was proud, but had she her druthers, she would have preferred he wasn’t so good at the sport. The female competition for him could get severe.

Chapter Ten

Acute Love Triangle

One late August Sunday morning, Jennifer showed up at Robert’s door after being out of his life for months. She’d been to live with her dad in New York for the summer and lied to her mom about the return date, giving her three days in Kilworth with her lover. When he saw her, he threw his arms around her. Within minutes, they were in bed, where they stayed for the better part of the three days. The last night, they went swimming, and he applied the lessons Kim had imparted—to Jennifer’s considerable delectation.
As good as their physical relationship was, she was more anxious than ever to move beyond the physical, especially with the news that he was a sure bet for the majors. On her last day there, she attempted to extract a commitment, the commitment, from him as he lay on his bed.
Sitting nude on the bed between his knees—her right leg draped over his left leg, her left leg bent back with her foot tucked under his left knee, her right hand clutching that knee, her left hand cupped palm up on his stomach to accentuate the supplication, her mesmerizing eyes penetrating his very soul, her don’t-you-want-me pout fixed on her face—she announced, “I love you, Bobby Owens.” He was spellbound by what he considered the most glorious sight in creation. Seeing the adulation in his eyes, she flashed the most lascivious smile that ever passed a set of lips, and proposed, “This can be all yours forever. Just ask.”
He returned a shocked look and replied, “Jenny, the way you look now, I swear I could happily gaze at you forever, but I’m nowhere near ready to make a permanent commitment. I’m sorry; I know this isn’t what you want to hear. We’re just too young.”
“I’m sorry, too, but I can’t accept a purely physical relationship with you anymore. It obviously isn’t working to win your heart.”
“So you’re saying that if I don’t agree to marry you, that’s it for us?”
“Yes,” she said.
“That’s unreasonable. It’s blackmail. I won’t pay it.”
“I swear, a hundred guys asked me out this summer. A lot of them were handsome and some were rich. I’m not saying that to brag, just to tell you there’s a lot of competition for me. Take me now before you’re too late.”
“I’m sorry, Jenny. We’re still in high school. I have no money, so I can’t support you. I’m nowhere near ready to tie the knot yet.”
Afraid of losing him, she offered a compromise: “Then at the very least I want your promise of fidelity. No dating any other girls. No sex with any other girls. Commit to me alone.”
Afraid of losing her, he said, “Okay.”
“That includes Krissy.”
“I won’t date her, but you know that Kristen’s my best friend. I really enjoy the time I spend with her. I will not give her up completely.”
“She’s the one I’m most worried about. Stop seeing her or I’ll leave you.”
“I’ve offered a huge concession to you already. You have my exclusive dating commitment that you’ve demanded for over a year. I won’t go further. Asking me to give up my best friend is expecting too much.”
“Then I’m walking out that door, and you won’t see me again unless you give her up and come to me.” She got dressed and said, “Goodbye.”
Her leaving left them both sad. Neither was sure whether or how their relationship would continue.
*
Kristen returned home that weekend to shop with her mother for the upcoming school year. She took her dog for a walk and went to see Robert. As she and her dog were walking to his house, Judy came out and greeted her with the juicy gossip making the rounds in Kilworth. “Your cousin and Owens were caught skinny dipping in the Nowak’s pool the other night. The two ran naked up the street to his house, laughing all the way.”
Kristen, who’d presumed those two were through with each other, was furious. Confronting him, she shouted, “Is it true what I heard about you and Jenny skinny dipping? What did you do with her?”
“The breast stroke,” he said unadvisedly.
“Don’t toy with me!” retorted the exercised young lady. “Did you have sex with her?”
“I think I better take the Fifth on that one.”
“Asshole! I hate you!” Kristen said. Billingsgate quailed, worried the anger was directed at him. “Do you just expect we can take up where we left off after you lay her again? Have you no conception of how that hurts me?”
“I’m sorry. I never meant—”
“You’re not sorry. You’d do it again in a flash if a pretty girl offered.”
“Yes, I would, as would any single man—and many married ones, no doubt. No man who has a woman as gorgeous as Jenny on a string would let her go for the uncertain prospect of sex with only one woman far off in the future.”
“This is not about sex; it’s about love!” Kristen shrieked.
“It is about sex. Period. You somehow think you can deny me yourself, and you can deny me every other woman in the world,” Robert rejoined, getting angry. “Who the hell do you think you are? You have no authority over me. I never made a commitment to you. You have no right to get angry at me. Get off my back!”
“What about love?” pouted the dismayed young lady.
“What about it?”
“Do you love me?” she challenged.
“I don’t love anyone,” he declared.
She took in a deep, punctuated breath, and murmured, “Why, because you’re afraid you’ll lose them? You’re afraid they’ll die?” Uh oh, she thought as his eyes narrowed, and his ire stirred.
“What are you, a goddamn psychologist?” he roared.
“No, Bobby, I’m sorry, I—”
“What do you know about the way I feel?” he continued. “You’ve never known misery, yet you presume to analyze me?”
“No, I—”
“Tell me, Dr. Taylor, am I not well adjusted enough for you?”
“No. I, I mean yes,” sputtered the flustered girl.
“And tell me,” he said, getting mean, “why do you suppose if I did choose one woman that it would be you?”
“I thought we meant something to each other.”
“You have your rules, I have mine. You won’t let me date you or touch you without an exclusive commitment. I won’t make that commitment, so we’re just friends. If that’s not good enough for you, then good riddance.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” she said fretfully.
Walking away backward he shouted, “It means find somebody else who knows how to love, who will accept a platonic relationship with you, and none with any other woman, and who wants to marry you. It’s not me. I don’t love you!”
He knew he’d gone too far with his outburst. He’d let his emotions get the better of him. He worried he’d now lost both Kristen and Jennifer. Who made the damn rules? he ranted to himself. Why can’t I have Jenny as a lover and Krissy as my best friend? Why can’t I have both of them? Why?
Kristen walked home, shocked at what had occurred, sick with grief over his final declaration, and wondering how it was that he slept with another girl but she ended up on the defensive. “What am I to do?” she moaned.
It so happened that Kristen did know someone like Robert described—or who she thought was like that. Dominic was a man who did not abhor commitment; he was right then committed to several women. He had even intimated how wonderful it would be to marry her when she got a little older. Dominic had his many attractions, and with Robert pushing her into Dominic’s arms, she started to take this prospect much more seriously.
Kristen and Dominic spent a lot of time with one another over the final two weeks of the summer. What fun he was! Going far out into the lake on his speed boat to neck was splendid, though holding him at bay was a trial. Racing Sea-Doos was great. Tooling around in his Mercedes convertible was impressive. Fine dinners, an expensive bracelet, fun parties. The best Bobby can offer is a good display of pitching, she reflected pejoratively. And I don’t have any of those depressing arguments with Dominic that I do with Bobby. What do I need with him?
So, with Dominic’s allure and with Robert playing the fool, she permitted Dominic to do almost everything with her. The two were naked together in his bed, and he began to force the issue. She wanted to back down at that point, but he was overcome with lust. He aggressively tried to gain entry, but she repulsed him. His next attempt was just short of successful. He failed to breach nature’s barrier before she repelled him, and he expelled what he was proffering. It turned out to be a good compromise. He convinced himself he finally had her, but she knew otherwise.
The next afternoon, Labor Day, the two lovers were racing back and forth about five hundred feet from shore in his speedboat. Dominic anchored the boat three hundred feet off the buoys demarking the swimming area.
“I wonder what the poor people are doing today,” Dominic said with a chuckle as he lifted a whiskey sour to his mouth. That got her wondering about Robert, but her musing stopped when Dominic began getting rambunctious. She hadn’t enjoyed their romp last evening. He was too aggressive, and seemingly unconcerned about her feelings. He was again getting too excited for her comfort, so she jumped in the water to swim and he followed. “Let’s, uh, swim to shore,” Dominic challenged, still flushed with sexual energy.
“That’s too far to swim,” objected Kristen.
“Come on, you can do it. Let’s race. I’ll give you a twenty second head start.” Worried about what he might do if she got back on the boat with him just then, she began swimming toward the shore. Ten seconds later, Dominic took off in pursuit. He soon passed her and left her in his wake. Fatigue was setting in with the young woman, and she called for him to stop. He didn’t, even though he heard her. She had little choice but to carry on, but was soon in difficulty. Dominic made it to shore and waved her in. “Keep going. You can do it.”
She couldn’t. She was exhausted and at risk of drowning. Dominic did nothing, although he was exceptionally encouraging.
But nature provided fathers for reasons besides planting seeds. Bill, always wary of Dominic, had been keeping an eye on the two from the shore. He raced into the water to rescue his daughter. Bill, incensed at Dominic, escorted his distressed daughter home. I guess my cross to bear is my daughter’s attraction to the criminal type, he said to himself with a sigh.
“It wasn’t his fault,” she told her dad, but she couldn’t help thinking that Robert would never have let that happen.
Dominic later related to Sue, Melissa, and Cathy how he saved a girl from drowning at the beach, and was given a hero’s reception by each.
So, as her final year of high school commenced, Kristen was at a crossroads. She wasn’t impressed at all with Dominic’s behavior that day or the evening before, and Robert seemed a hopeless cause.
Kristen was angry not only at Robert—she was angry at herself, angry over her weakness for him. Her absolute emotional dependence on a boy who refused to love her was her sole noteworthy frailty, but it was one that was causing her exquisite pain. His earlier aloofness toward her had nicked her pride, but she ignored the cuts to win his affection. His continual infidelity to her left much deeper wounds, however. That he’d never pledged to be faithful in no way palliated the pain. There comes a point when even the deepest love cannot overcome a gravely injured pride. Kristen was prostrated by the hurt. Her damaged pride rendered her incapable of returning to him. If their relationship was to survive, he would need to come to her. He would need to demonstrate how much she meant to him to restore her pride—only then could her love for him revive.
After four weeks apart from Kristen, Robert concluded that she wasn’t coming back to him this time. Unable to be without her any longer, he came to her house (while her parents were at work) to beg her forgiveness. The tide was turning.
“Kristen, I miss you. I know I was mean to you when we last spoke and I feel terrible about that. I just want to say I’m really sorry.”
“If you feel so bad, why did it take you a month to come to me?” He looked down and said nothing. She went on, “Because you expected me to come crawling back to you, right? No more, Bobby. I’m tired of putting up with you; it hurts too much. I have so much to offer, but I give up trying to convince you of that.”
“Believe me, Kristen, I know how amazing you are. Why do you think I’m here? I can’t stand the thought of being without you. I just don’t understand why you’re so anxious. Do you actually want to get married at sixteen?”
“No. I want to start a meaningful relationship that might lead to marriage.”
“I want to start a meaningful relationship with you, too. Let’s not set conditions on it. It leads where it leads.”
“No meaningful relationship is possible without exclusive commitment.”
“Dammit, Taylor, I’m not ready for that. Why can’t we be best friends?”
“I already told you why.”
“All right, then, I promise I won’t date other girls.”
“And when Jenny comes back to you?”
“I don’t think she will. Like you, she’s at the end of her rope with me.”
“She’ll be back, and two minutes later you’ll be in bed with her. What do you take me for?”
“It’s ironic, you know. You think sex means so much to me, but you’re the one who magnifies its importance beyond all reason. We’re just animals, Taylor. Sex between humans is no more blessed than sex between skunks.”
“If there’s no difference, perhaps you’d prefer a nice lady skunk over me,” she said irritably.
“No,” he rejoined, “you stink less.”
“I’m not in the mood for laughing. Are you willing to give up Jenny for me or not? Because if not, I don’t know why we’re even having this conversation.”
“You know, just before we had our big fight last month, I had this same argument with your cousin. She warned me she’d leave me for good if I didn’t stop seeing you. I wouldn’t agree to that. I couldn’t agree to that. So she left me. I haven’t gone back to her—but, as you see, I’ve come back to you. I need you, Kristen.”
She paused to ruminate, then said, “Okay. Why don’t we get together on Sunday, and we’ll see how it goes?”
He assented and left.
As she reflected on their discussion, she smiled. It seemed he was falling inexorably for her. He can’t stand being without me, she thought with great satisfaction. He said he needed me. And we may be beginning a relationship that might lead to marriage! she told herself hopefully—but perhaps naïvely. The healing process was well underway: her love was coming back strong.
Lying awake in bed that night, thinking about his discourse with Kristen, he was startled by a knock at his window. He looked to see the time—it was 11:47—and went to the window. He opened the blind. There was Kristen smiling. “Get dressed,” said she. “It’s lovely outside. It’s warm, there’s a light breeze, the air is fresh, the crickets are singing. The moon is full and it’s just rising; it looks enormous and has an orange tinge. Walk with me.”
He put on his clothes, climbed out the window and accompanied her down to the river. On the spur of the moment she stepped into the ankle-deep, limpid water, and pulled him off the riverbank and into the river, which was shallow after a dry summer. They gingerly stepped to the middle of the river.
The moon, which hung just above the horizon in the east, lit up the whole river. The orb itself reflected in the river about one hundred-fifty feet to the east. The ripples in the water seemed to break it apart, the eddies conveying the moonlight downstream until it coursed across their feet, only to disappear in their long shadows to the west—but reappear downstream, albeit more indistinct, and continue as far as the river went.
She turned to him, embraced him, looked into his eyes, and smiled. “Everything’s perfect,” she whispered as she moved her lips into place to kiss him. Lasting for almost four minutes, the kiss was the most passionate she would ever give. She felt the beat of his heart. She felt secure in his strong arms. She felt his excitement and relished her power to arouse him so. When the kiss was over, she took his hand and led him back to the trail, out of the woods, and back to her house. “Good night,” she cooed; she pecked his cheek and went inside. He stood there smiling for a moment then went back home.
Kristen’s parents greeted her upon her return home. “Where were you?” asked Lisa.
“Down by the river with Bobby,” she stated in a defiant tone.
“What were you doing down there with him?” said Bill.
“We talked, held hands, and kissed once … I’m not doing this because I enjoy deceiving or defying you. I’m in love with him! If I can’t see him, I’ll die. Please stop trying to keep us apart.”
“What about Dominic?” challenged Bill. “Just a while back you seemed enthralled with him, kissing on his fancy boat. I can’t imagine you love Bob so much if you’re that fickle.”
“Dominic is handsome and rich and so much fun, but he can’t make me laugh with his wit, he can’t enchant me with his words, he can’t give me goose bumps with a simple smile, he can’t make the rest of the universe disappear when he holds me in his arms, and he can’t make me sick to my stomach when he’s with another girl. I’m not fickle. I love Bobby and only Bobby. I will always love him.”
Her parents looked at each other, impressed by her passion and eloquence. It convinced them her love for Robert was genuine. Maybe because of this, or maybe because this boy was preferable to Dominic in their eyes, or maybe because they were concerned their relationship with her would be irreparably damaged if they continued their prohibition against him, they decided to relent a little.
“Will you agree to our stipulations?” asked Lisa.
“What are they?”
“First and foremost, do not have sex with him,” commanded Bill.
“Your father’s right,” seconded Lisa. “Make him earn your love. Give nothing away until well after he’s pledged his love to you.”
Kristen nodded. This was her position anyway.
Lisa continued, “If we permit you to see him, you’ll do it under our supervision. That means you can bring him here when we’re here, but you can’t see him otherwise without our specific permission.”
“He knows you hate him. He might not come here.”
“He will if he loves you,” said Lisa. “Does he love you?” Kristen looked down. “I see,” said her astute mother. “That gives him all the power, which makes it all the more important you listen to us. When you earn our trust back, and he shows he can be trusted with you, we’ll give you more leeway.”
Kristen looked dismayed with the strict conditions, but she had little choice but to consent.
*
The following day at school, a new kid in school approached Robert, wondering about his willingness to use his talent with computers for personal gain. Robert was well-known as the expert with computers in the school. Anyone with a question came to him rather than the teachers. The schoolmate had told him of lax security measures used by a certain bank, and how easy it would be for a computer whiz to hack in and procure thousands of dollars.
Robert had a real talent for hacking, especially with the modern computers in the computer lab at school, though thus far he’d done no real harm with his skills. He’d hacked into the school’s system to raise the grades of a few students who had paid him for his service; he’d got into supposedly secure sections of large company Internet sites just for the challenge of doing it; his coup had been hacking into a U.S. Army site the previous June. He’d rummaged around until it became clear the intrusion had been detected. He quickly exited.
The next day, some police officers and army types had snooped around the school. Asked who might be capable of very high-level computer work, everyone pointed to him. He was taken to the principal’s office and questioned about his activities the day before. Robert admitted nothing, and they let him go, but this impressive—or was it dangerous?—boy was on their radar screen now, and they sought out more information on him.
“You’d be on easy street for the rest of your life for a few days of work,” the schoolmate suggested. He reasoned he had an excellent chance to be a major league pitcher and didn’t want to do anything to risk that, so he rejected the proposition.
It would come up again under less auspicious circumstances, however.

Chapter Eleven

Campfire and Fisticuffs

Judy, who despised Robert, could tell he was falling for Kristen and thought it would be grand to ruin the relationship. She said to Kristen, “I’m sure if you compare Dominic and Owens side by side, the obvious choice will be Dominic. We have to get the two together. Just invite Dominic to Kilworth next weekend, and we’ll have a campfire by the river. Get Owens and Dominic to come.”
“No way, Judy,” said Kristen. “I’m not playing games on Bobby. I’ll just be myself and hope he starts to love me.”
Judy shook her head and walked away.
The next Friday evening Robert, Kristen, and Jeremy went down to the flood plain to light a campfire. Judy came late and had a surprise with her: Dominic. Kristen, fuming at Judy, nervously said, “Um, Bobby Owens, this is Dominic Solano.”
Robert looked askance at her and shook Dominic’s hand. Dominic sat on the ground beside Kristen and kissed her. Robert observed the handsome man, fearing that Kristen was getting serious about him, but what could he do? How was he to compete with this moneyed man? He divined right away that this meeting had been set up for a direct comparison and started looking for an excuse to leave.
“I’m the odd man out here, so I’ll go and leave you four alone,” he said, feeling sorry for himself.
“No, please stay,” Kristen said.
He elected to stay to size up his competition, a decision he’d soon regret. Dominic pulled out a joint, lit it, took a long drag, and passed it to Judy who did the same, who passed it to Jeremy, who followed their lead. Kristen was next, but refused. She offered it to Robert, but knew he wouldn’t take it. The young athlete would never touch any illicit drugs for fear of ruining his major league prospects, she knew. He did partake of wine coolers with Kristen, though.
So there they were, Dominic and Robert, sitting close by one another. Dominic had a face of almost feminine beauty, topped by blondish hair, with dark brown eyes, a thin nose, thin lips, a chiseled chin, and dimples. Robert’s were rugged, masculine good looks, with striking blue eyes, and dark hair. Dominic, as always, was dressed and toileted impeccably, displaying his looks to their utmost. Robert, as usual, was accoutered in the finest garb five dollars could buy, hadn’t dragged a comb across his head that month, and was sporting a few nasty pimples on his forehead and chin. Comparing the two physically, Kristen, who was partial to blond hair and brown eyes, considered Dominic the more handsome. Mentally, there was no contest.
Dominic, who hadn’t a clue he was wholly innocent of a sense of humor, started the competition by trying to joke. “I was a bit worried about you, Owens, since Kristen seems to think a lot of you, but I can see now that I was worried about nothing—or should I say a nothing?” Dominic laughed, Judy chortled, Jeremy sipped, and Kristen and Robert looked at each other and saw reflected frowns.
“I had an amusing idea for this evening,” Judy opened. “I brought a magazine quiz that helps a woman choose between two guys.”
“You just happen to have that in case you have to make an emergency choice at, say, a campfire?” Robert said.
“Yes,” Judy replied. “Anyway, let’s try it, shall we? It should be fun.”
“No, thanks. Count me out,” Robert said.
“Come on, Bobby,” Kristen implored. “It might be fun.”
“It doesn’t matter whether he wants to participate or not,” Judy said. “The questions are for Kristen. She has to answer them for man one, Dominic, and boy two, Owens.”
“But it would be more fun if anyone could shout out an answer,” Kristen said, thinking she might get a few laughs from Robert. She expected none from Dominic.
“First question,” Judy began. “Dominic makes you feel as if …”
“Dominic makes me feel as if I’m a little girl on Christmas because he has so many fun toys,” Kristen said with a sly glance at Robert.
Judy continued, “Owens makes you feel as if …”
Looking hard into his eyes, Kristen answered, “Bobby often makes me feel as if I’m nothing special to him.” Robert gave her an Oh, come off it look, but she returned an It’s true look. Dominic smiled.
“Now, Kristen, compose a couplet about Dominic,” Judy read.
“Okay, um …” She paused to choose her words carefully. Looking at Dominic with peeps at Robert, she said, “Dominic Solano, so handsome and fun/ I’m thankful it’s your heart that I’ve won.”
“I love you, too, honey,” Dominic proudly stated. Kristen gaped in surprise at that declaration, and turned to Robert to tactfully shake her head, but he wasn’t looking at her.
Robert jumped in with, “How about, Solano, you’re so empty of wit you bring us all down/ but you’re so full of shit your eyes are dull brown.”
Kristen erupted in laughter while looking at Dominic’s eyes. They were appealing, but did seem a touch dull; dimmed by mediocrity, she supposed. She switched her gaze to Robert’s eyes; they seemed to shine. Perhaps it was her impression of their souls.
“Okay,” Judy went on, “compose a couplet about Owens.”
Kristen focused on him and thought for a moment. She said silently, just moving her lips, “Bobby Owens, I love you most true/ I was made to spend forever with you.” Reading lips was not among his talents.
“Come on, Kristen, I know it’s hard to come up with anything good on him—” Judy started to say, when Dominic interrupted.
“Owens is such a bore, because he is so poor.” Dominic laughed heartily; he was his own biggest fan. Judy smiled her approbation.
Kristen said, “Bobby Owens, a bright and funny guy/ boy, could I go for a good slice of pie.”
“I love pie, too, honey,” Robert retorted in a tone that betrayed his waning tolerance. Kristen flashed a satisfied smile at him.
“Next question,” continued Judy. “What kind of future would you have with … Well, we know Dominic would lavish you with whatever you could possibly want, but what could Owens do for you?”
“Maybe lavish her with, uh, Tootsie Pops,” Dominic interjected with a booming laugh. “You get a hundred bucks a month, right?”
Robert scowled at Kristen as if to say, What have you told him about me? Kristen returned a confused look. Judy had imparted this information. Dominic extracted his wallet and counted out twelve hundred-dollar bills.
“This is what you get in a whole year, eh?” Dominic continued. “Want it?” He held it out to Robert, fanning out the bills so the ends floated in eddies wafting from the campfire. Robert fixed his eyes on the cash, dying to take it. Finally he couldn’t resist and reached out, but Dominic dropped the bills into the campfire. “Oops,” he said. Dominic and Judy chuckled with delight at Robert’s humiliation.
“Dominic, that wasn’t funny,” Kristen chided, embarrassed in front of Robert.
Dominic went on, “How do you entertain such a fine gal with no money? She deserves to be treated like a princess, but how can a pauper do that? The last time I was with, uh, Kristen, we went, uh, paragliding with my speedboat. She told me she never had so much fun in her life.” Robert gave her a worried glance. “What did you do the last time you were with her?”
“Well,” Robert said, “let’s see. In the days of yore—well, not that yore; it’ll be two weeks Sunday—I journeyed to her castle to seek permission from the king and queen for me to promenade with their princess.” Kristen grinned. “Their majesties glared at me as if to say I had one head too many, but granted their grudging permission after a short inquisition and a promise to relieve me of my ball sack should I touch a freckle on her royal face. Then we walked her dog, and for the first time I picked up after it. Let me tell you, if you want to impress a princess, pick up shit for her, but don’t put the bag in the Gilmours’ mailbox or she’ll yell at you.”
“I knew that was you, jackass,” said Judy.
“Then the princess entrusted to me care of the last apple in the kingdom while she took a royal wee-wee. Alack, to my eternal shame, and I vow I know not how it came to pass, I somehow failed in my sacred duty, for when she returned to collect the apple, ‘twas but a core.”
“The accursed cur who performed the foul deed stood there with a mouthful of apple crying with glee over his violation of my trust,” Kristen explained in her best haughty British accent.
Robert beamed at her easy transition into character. “Marry, good princess,” he protested, “I cry fie. Were I guilty of this heinous transgression of which I stand unjustly accused, I would fain lop off my hand—”
“Brake thine insolent tongue, knave!” Kristen returned. “Thy ceaseless prating outrunneth my forbearance. Be there any lopping of your pesky extremities, churl, the pleasure shall be mine.” Noticing his broad smile, she said, “Prithee, coxcomb, do not make light of your dishonorable conduct toward our person. Thou art most fortunate thy head doth remain on its perch.”
Robert laughed roundly. Like him with her, she got a thrill out of making him laugh. She smiled at him with gleaming eyes. As she turned away from him to address Dominic and Judy, the shine in her eyes faded as if she’d turned from the light to the dark. She clarified for the others, “He ate the whole thing in thirty seconds,” with a chuckle. “With a mouth so full of apple it was drooling down his chin, he mumbled, ‘It wasn’t me.’”
Robert continued, “Then we went for a walk past the pond, and I tried to catch a frog to give to her; you know, to see if she’d kiss it. She has no problem kissing much slimier things,” he noted, while glancing at Dominic. “Anyway, she kicked me into the pond.”
“I barely touched you. How was I to know you’d lose your balance so easily?” Kristen asked.
“My hanging onto a single blade of grass might have tipped you off. Instead, you tipped me off. I gathered the sight of me covered in pond scum was amusing given the gales of laughter escaping her mouth, so I decided to see what was so funny about a person sitting in the slew. Seeing my intention in my eyes, she took off, but I caught her within ten paces and threw her over my shoulder. She was screaming at me, ‘Put me down! Don’t you dare, Robert!’ and kicking her legs as I walked back into the pond. I lifted her up above my head to scare her a bit, but she squirmed, and I lost my grip. She fell on me, and both of us ended up sitting in the pond covered in weeds and scum. I thought she’d be angry at me, but she started laughing again.”
“You looked so funny sitting there with green slime all over your head,” Kristen said. “Come to think of it, you as a swamp creature is a step up from the normal you.”
“Humph, methinks ye esteem me meanly, milady,” he said. “Anon I shall finish my wine cooler, and in the wake a short nap to sleep it off, I shall storm away in a huff.” He continued with his recounting of the day’s activities two weeks ago Sunday. “Anyway, we both went home to shower and change. She hit me when I asked if we should conserve water by combining our efforts.”
“You make me sound so violent,” said Kristen. “I merely tap you on the arm to reprimand you for being naughty.”
“She came over to my house a half-hour later, and for some reason insisted on helping me with my laundry.”
“He was hanging around in his boxers because all his clothes were dirty,” she explained to the others.
“So she helped me with my laundry, and she yelled at me for putting colors and whites together. She apparently has some Afrikaner blood in her. While the washer did its thing, we watched the news, and she hit me for snickering when they showed the residue of a church that had been leveled by a tornado, killing thirty-two suckers who were worshiping the One that did this to them. The Lord, I’m guessing, relishes irony. When my clothes were dry, she yelled at me for balling up my clean clothes. She was unaware that only girls and homofaguals fold their clothes. I notice yours are wrinkle-free,” he said to Dominic. “After that we went to her house and barbequed hamburgers, and she scolded me when I dropped one, then served it to Judy.”
“You son of a bitch!” said Judy.
“Then, while the womenfolk cleaned up, I sat there and told them what they were doing wrong until her highness took me by the ear, and made me help. Then we went to the store to rent a movie, pausing along the way to gaze at the sun setting over the sewage plant. She picked out what turned out to be the worst movie ever made and yelled at me when I implied it was her fault the movie sucked. I know what you’re thinking: if it weren’t for her always yelling at me and hitting me, we’d have a pretty pathetic relationship.”
“Actually, I was thinking that made it even more pathetic,” said Dominic, the sarcasm having eluded him.
Kristen was thinking, I really enjoyed that day with him even though we did nothing out of the ordinary. She reflected, Ninety-nine percent of life is mundane. I found someone who somehow makes everything we do together special to me. That’s what true love is.
Dominic persisted with the money angle. “I think I’ll go out and buy something real fancy for, uh, Kristen tomorrow. See if you can guess what I have in mind, Owens. I’ll give you a hint: it starts with B-M-double … Can you guess?”
“Um, a BM double, double, toil, and trouble?” Robert surmised.
“Huh? No,” said Dominic. “Try again.”
“A BM double down the left field line?”
“It’s a car, idiot.”
“Oh. A BM doubleyota Camry.”
“Dominic, I am not accepting a BMW from you,” interrupted Kristen. “Please stop this foolishness. Read the next question, Judy.”
“What’s the sexiest thing that Dominic has ever said?” asked Judy.
Kristen was taking a sip of her wine cooler when Robert answered, “You’re a great kisser, grandma,” and she involuntarily inhaled to fuel a vigorous laugh, thereby drawing the liquid into the wrong tube.
She coughed and sputtered, her eyes watered, some wine cooler came out her nose, and finally the guffaw and more wine cooler exploded out of her mouth. All hooted at the site of her. Dominic had to pat her on the back.
“He told me I looked beautiful,” she said, still coughing and crying out of pure mirth.
“What’s the sexist thing Owens has ever said to you?” Judy said, emphasizing the final two words that she assumed were implied when the question adverted to Dominic but that Robert had ignored.
Crying still more, Kristen replied, “I farted.” At that, Robert joined in her laughter. She thought back a few days when he disgorged a thunderous one, then smiled innocently with his forefinger to his chin, and with a curtsy, said, “Boo boo bee doo,” in a cutesy voice. Although she hadn’t wanted to condone such venting, she couldn’t help laughing before she could rebuke him. That memory prolonged her laughter.
“This time,” Judy said, “we’ll let Dominic answer first. What would be a good nickname for Owens?”
After waiting fifteen seconds for Dominic to reply, Kristen said, “Oliver.”
Robert smiled. The others had no idea what it meant. Holding up his empty bottle to Jeremy, he said, “Please, sir, I want some more.”
“What would be a good nickname for Dominic?” asked Judy.
“Stubby Fuckstick,” guessed Robert to Kristen’s snickering.
“Tell him it’s much more than a stub, honey,” Dominic said to Kristen. At that, Kristen blushed and looked for Robert’s reaction. He was stunned and vexed, and turned his face to the river to hide it. Dominic saw his jealous reaction and decided to exploit it.
“Okay, Kristen, you answer this and be serious,” Judy instructed. “What do you like doing most with Owens?”
“I like just being with him,” she said, hoping to assuage his displeasure.
“Sounds exciting,” Judy said sarcastically. “And with Dominic?”
“Having a miserable cry together?” Robert wondered, still refusing to make eye contact with Kristen.
“Shut up, Owens. Let Kristen answer,” Judy said.
“Um, riding on his speed boat,” she said, hoping that was innocuous enough not to irritate Robert further.
“You mean making love, don’t you, dear?” Dominic boasted. Robert swung his head back and gaped at her.
“Dominic!” interjected a now fretful Kristen, “Don’t tell tales.” Robert kept glowering at her. She wanted to crawl under a rock.
“You just don’t know how to handle women,” Dominic continued, twisting the blade in Robert’s heart. “Last month when I took Kristen out on my, uh, speed boat, she was sunning herself in the skimpy bikini I bought her. I was worried about her getting too much sun with so much exposed, so I, uh, stopped the boat and smothered her with sun block. It took a half-hour to rub it in everywhere.”
But it’s only taking a half a minute to rub it in now, Kristen thought. Robert was so perturbed at the revelations, he had no impudent comeback to offer. He turned his head back toward the river and sat moping. Dammit! she groaned to herself. She glared at Judy.
“It’s obvious Kristen prefers me,” observed the unobservant Dominic.
“Yeah, but I’m second to one,” Robert said indignantly, shooting Kristen a glance so furious that she reacted as if it smote her in the face. Her eyes and mouth popped open while she took an involuntary quick breath. She was aching to rush to Robert, to take him in her arms and to confess her deep and abiding love for him, but if he reacted coolly to that all would be lost, including her crutch—who continued to gloat in putative victory. So she just smiled nervously at him, hoping he would calm down.
“I certainly hope you’re not embarrassed at your overwhelming failure to win Kristen’s love,” Dominic resumed. “The best man won, Owens,” he proclaimed with a pompous smile. “You had your chance; you blew it. Now it’s my turn.”
“Is that what you said to your boyfriend last night?” rejoined the upset teenager. That sent Kristen over the edge, laughing so hard that her eyes began to water, and she again crossed that line to crying. Perhaps it was owed to being slightly intoxicated, or maybe she wanted to impress upon Robert how funny she considered him, or maybe she was trying to divert his attention from what Dominic had revealed, or maybe she really did think it was that uproarious, but the sight of her convulsions was funnier than Robert’s comeback.
Dominic took offense at being cast as gay and at Kristen’s laughter, and things took a menacing twist. “I hear rumors that you like to fight,” he said to Robert. Judy had supplied him with this inaccurate intelligence. “Is it true?”
“It depends,” said Robert. “Most days I merely progress toward my doom like any normal person, indifferent to the world around me, content to ignore all I survey, but some days I wake up feeling truculent, thinking, What a great day for boxing someone’s ears.”
“I suppose you’re king of the hallway at your high school,” Dominic taunted. Robert ignored him. “Did you know I’m an excellent boxer?” He’d taken lessons for years.
“Yeah, it was front-page news in the paper this morning,” said the wiseacre.
“Well, wise ass, do you know what they’re going to call you tomorrow?” said the bully.
“The remains? Listen, I don’t want to fight you, okay.”
“What’s the matter? Chicken? Come on, take a shot. Chicken!” Dominic got to his feet. Robert followed suit.
“Please, boys,” interposed an increasingly anxious Kristen. “Calm down, Dominic. He doesn’t want to fight.”
But she was too late. He hit Robert hard in the shoulder, trying to get him to endeavor a punch. Robert tried to retaliate, but the more skilled fighter easily turned it aside and counterpunched in the cheek. That dazed the surprised youth.
“No, Dominic, stop, please,” beseeched Kristen, but to no avail. Dominic followed up with two more punishing blows to the face, and down went Robert to his knees. Kristen knelt to check on him. “Are you all right?” He moved to get up. “No, don’t get up!”
But our disgraced protagonist could not be seen to fail so dramatically in front of Kristen and he righted himself, only to receive another jab to the face. His guard stunned, he staggered about defenseless. Dominic saw the opening and inserted his fist into it. Robert plunged to the ground. “Oh!” yelped Kristen. Again he struggled to his feet.
“Dominic, cut it out,” Jeremy said. Judy sat silent, savoring the proceedings. Kristen conjured Dominic to stop, and Robert to stay down. Neither would listen. Robert got up, Robert went down.
“Stop it!” the now panicked young lady yelled to Dominic. Robert was trying to get up again; he was to his knees. Kristen had to do something to prevent further damage to the man she loved, so she said to the man she didn’t love, “Come on. You beat him. Let’s go down by the river and celebrate.”
That feint worked, though she knew she’d have some explaining to do to Robert later on. She motioned to Jeremy to help him and walked away arm-in-arm with the victor. Leaving Robert so vulnerable like that was one of the hardest things she ever had to do, but it was because he was so vulnerable that she had to do it.

Chapter Twelve

Daddy

The certainty of fate, the vagaries of chance: which governs how our lives start, unfold, and end? Perhaps there will never be an answer to this age-old question—but, in either case, life is often unpredictable and surprising. Events, even minor ones, that initially had nothing to do with us can reverberate to have an enormous influence on our life.
Kim had reached the low point in her life. She was depressed and desperately lonely. She’d spent the evening crying over her departed husband who’d been killed three years ago that night. Alone, she sat in her capacious house, looking around in despondency. Everything reminded her of the husband whom she had so deeply loved.
The couch she sat on they’d picked out together. She ran her hand across it and thought of what it meant to them, a simple piece of furniture imbued with such sweet memories. After going to more than a dozen furniture stores, they ended up buying, from an old lady up the block, a forty-year-old chesterfield built like a tank, but more comfortable and refined than anything built since. When they got it in place in the family room, they made love on it to christen it theirs. She recalled lying on it many evenings with her husband watching TV, never caring what was on, just happy to be cuddling each other.
The picture on the wall of the old sailing ship in a gale was Brian’s favorite. He’d been from Halifax and loved the ocean. She’d bought it for him for no special occasion. She recalled his delighted smile as he looked at it for the first time. On the fireplace mantelpiece was the last picture of the two of them. They were standing near the top of a mountain in Banff. He had his arm around her shoulders, and she had hers around his waist. They were both smiling; not phony portrait smiles, but sincerely happy smiles. What a tremendous vacation they’d had. So much love, so much loving.
Her next period had been late. She’d been worried at the time about being pregnant, because they’d wanted to have a few years to themselves. What a relief it had been when her period finally came. If only it hadn’t, she’d reflected ten thousand times since Brian died. What she would give now to have his child. The picture blurred through her copious tears.
To the bathroom she went. She opened the medicine cabinet and took out a bottle of pills. She’d gotten this far twice before, but had never removed the cap. “I want to be with you, Brian!” she wailed aloud, unscrewing the cap. She stood there for a few moments trying to decide what to do. “God help me!” As she tipped the bottle and the first pill fell into her hand, the doorbell rang.
Startled out of her perilous trance, Kim put the pills away, quickly wiped her face, went to the door, and opened it to see a bloody Robert standing there. “Oh, my God, what happened?” asked Kim.
“I got in a fight. I used my face to protect my arm. I’m a pitcher, you know,” joked Robert, ever the comedian, even in such pain.
The kind lady took him in and nursed him, much to his delight. So tender was her care, four days did he stay to recover. So lonely was she that at times she was more aggressive than Dominic had been, but she administered only pleasure, and Robert made no objection.
Maybe a child can fill the incredible void in my life, she reasoned. The more she thought about it, the more right it seemed. I can never have Brian’s baby, but this fine young man would sire a wonderful child, something deep inside her insinuated. And just like that it did.
Thus did a tragic death three years before and a fist fight that night conspire to create a precious new life. After Robert left, Kim went to visit her family in British Columbia for several weeks.
*
Kristen got to his house not twenty-five minutes after she’d left him at the campfire, yet he wasn’t there. His foster parents hadn’t seen or heard from him. She ran up and down every way he might have headed home in case he had fallen unconscious somewhere. No sign of him anywhere. She went to bed anxious about him.
The next morning she phoned the Kriegers, who informed her Robert had called to say he’d be staying overnight at a friend’s. What friend could that possibly be? she wondered.
When there was no sign of him at the bus stop on the next day of school, her anxiety level rose once again.
Not wanting to go to school all bashed up, he decided he would take a few days off. He finally returned home Tuesday afternoon, but sequestered himself in his room. Convinced he’d lost Kristen in large measure due to his penury, he contacted his acquaintance who had earlier suggested clandestine withdrawals from the bank. He came right over with a fancy laptop computer and information on the target and what they knew of its weaknesses. He left the computer, and Robert got to work.
Kristen dropped by on Tuesday and Wednesday, but he wouldn’t acknowledge her knock at his window. By Thursday, she used the key in the mailbox to gain entry to the house. She went to his room. He wasn’t there, but the laptop was. Kristen, who knew he could never afford such a machine, looked at it and what it was displaying, and became suspicious. She went downstairs, found him lifting weights, and watched for a time before announcing her presence.
“Are you bulking up for a rematch?” the observant young lady opened.
“You figure you can just walk in any house you please?” responded the surprised boy.
“Are you hurt?”
“Yeah, but it’s nothing my cremation won’t cure. What do you want?”
“I was worried about you. Where have you been?”
“Out nursing my injuries.”
“And who was doing the nursing?” said the nosey young thing.
“None of your business,” said the saucy young thing. “I hope your faggot boyfriend drops dead, dries up, blows away, and gets in your eyes.”
“I don’t consider him my boyfriend,” she said. “He kept hitting you every time you got up. Why didn’t you just stay down? What were you thinking?”
“What was I thinking? When he first sent me sprawling, I was thinking, ‘My, what a balmy evening for October.’ Later, as he bloodied my nose, I was thinking, ‘I wonder if we move against time or if time moves against us.’ What do you think I was thinking? I was thinking, ‘Ow! That hurts!’ And, ‘Oh, shit, here comes another one. Ah!’” Kristen started laughing. He went on, “I was thinking, ‘I have to get him back.’ I was thinking, ‘I can’t let this bastard beat me in front of you.’”
“I went to your room looking for you and saw you got a new computer.”
He stood and looked nervous. “Uh, well, I borrowed it.”
“From whom?”
“A new guy at my school. You wouldn’t know him.”
“Since when are you working for a bank?”
“A bank?”
“You know I’m no fool. You’re doing something illegal, aren’t you?”
Shoulders slumped and eyes on the floor, he muttered, “I’m just lifting weights.”
“Robert Owens, one ploy you can never get away with is playing stupid. I know something’s up with the bank because you look guilty as hell. Why are you doing this?”
“I figured you preferred Dominic to me because he can show you a good time with all his money. I can’t do anything at all to entertain you, let alone buy you BMWs.”
“For such a smart guy, you can be a real dunce. Listen carefully. I want you to look me in the eyes and tell me you’ll stop whatever you’re planning with the bank. If you don’t, I’ll tell you two things for certain: I’ll never even look at you again, and I’ll tell my father.”
He looked shocked. His conscience had spoken, and he had no choice but to follow her dictates. “I’ll stop right away.”
“You better. I’ll be watching. And give me more credit than to presume I’d ever choose anyone for the sake of money. Surely you think more of me than that.”
“Then why do you prefer him?”
“What makes you think I prefer him?”
“Come on. It was obvious by the campfire. You admitted you loved him.”
“I did not!”
“I heard your poems about him and me. I heard about all the fun you have playing with his toys, and how I apparently make you feel bad.”
“I didn’t say that. I said I feel as if I’m nothing special to you, and it’s true.”
“You called him handsome. He’s better-looking than I am, right?”
“Yes he is.”
“He’s a goddamn milksop. You part lesbian?”
“Not funny. You prefer Jenny’s looks to mine. Now you know how it feels.”
He looked at the floor pondering that for a moment. “He’s prettier than I am. Is that why you have such different standards about what you permit him to do with you?”
“No, it’s because he’s not afraid to commit to me.”
“Just how did the two of us come to be together anyway?” asked Robert, jealousy mounting. “Did you set that up to compare us?”
“No, it was—”
“You have the temerity to pit the two of us against each other and sit there in judgment? Well, I guess you have your answer. He’s the much better man. He beats me in every way—including physically, as you pointed out.”
“I didn’t set it up. Judy brought him.”
“Why would she do that without your blessing? Never mind. How far did you go with him? What did he mean ‘making love’?”
Kristen thought for a minute about his question. She decided to stretch the truth, a calculated risk to try to discover his true feelings toward her. “I went all the way with him,” she fibbed, looking closely at him.
With an expression that combined incredulity with distress, he tried, “No way.”
“Listen, Bobby,” she said stepping up close to him, clutching his forearm and staring into his eyes, “It’s true. I let him have his way with me last month.”
So crestfallen that it looked like he got an instant sunburn, he backed away from her. “How could you do that!” he screamed with so much passion and volume it startled Kristen. He was close to tears. In her eyes, his visceral reaction revealed the love he had for her, which was unexpected but wonderful. It also exposed his double standard, which was infuriating.
“How could I do that?” Kristen responded vehemently. “You have no right to be upset at me. How many women have you had? How many did you have in the past few days?”
“One, about twenty times!” he said, wanting to get her back.
“And you have the nerve to get angry with me?” she returned, with fury. “I can’t believe what an unmitigated hypocrite you are!” Wanting to drive her message home, she continued, “Do you feel the pain now? That horrible sickly feeling in the pit of your stomach? That’s how I feel every time I find out you’ve been with a woman, and you just stand there and tell me you’ve banged a woman twenty times as if it’s nothing to me. Well, I laid him five times and I loved it!” she lied.
“You set yourself up to me as someone immaculate, as someone above everyone else, and I believed it,” he said. “You were my girl on a pedestal, the only person I really respected. Now I see you’re just like everyone else.”
“It’s not as if it was a one-night stand. I’ve been seeing him for three summers. He’s a captivating man.”
“And what am I to make of that, Taylor? That I have nothing to worry about because you love him?”
“No, I didn’t mean it like that,” she said, fearing the ominous turn that the quarrel was taking. “I never said I loved him.”
“You must love him passionately if you made love to him; that’s the standard you set for yourself.”
That stumped her. The irony was palpable. She’d stopped Dominic because she’d wanted to preserve her virginity for the man she loved passionately, the man standing in front of her. She wanted to admit she didn’t go all the way with Dominic, but it would just seem like a lie by this point. “Bobby, um, I—”
“You’ve said it yourself: it’s about love, not sex, and I’ve said it’s the opposite.”
“Right, and you’ve made it clear you don’t love me,” she rejoined, taking back the offensive. “Do you expect me to stay on some stupid pedestal you’ve put me on while you fool around with anyone you please, and I stay chaste just in case you decide to start loving me?”
“That sickly feeling in the pit of your stomach: How bad might it be for you if I loved the woman I slept with?” Robert said despondently. She couldn’t respond to the question and began to panic about the destination of the path she chose. He continued, bitterly, “Don’t worry about the pedestal business. You’re off it forever. I’ll never feel the same about you again. You’ve made your choice and sealed it with a screw. I’ll never love you, but now that I know what kind of a girl you are, stop by any time if you want some sex.”
She slapped him hard across his already bruised cheek. As he grimaced in pain she grimaced in horror that she’d so mindlessly succumbed to her violent impulse. Disloyal love inspires hostility even in the most gentle of souls.
Rubbing his cheek, he finished, “Get out of here. Go marry Dominic if he makes you so happy.”
“Maybe I will!” spurted the girl petulantly as she rushed out of the basement and the house.

Chapter Thirteen

Jennifer Beyond Reach

Both teens were shaken to the bone by the contretemps that ended so forcefully. It was hard to see at that juncture how they could ever reconcile. Kristen was understandably disobliged by his duplicitous reaction, but inconsolable about the real possibility that she’d lost him forever. Despite her tender years, she would have married Robert in an instant if he had but asked, something that wouldn’t change until he did ask.
Robert’s world was turned upside-down. Maybe he had loved her, he thought, being so dismayed by what had happened, but his object of affection was despoiled. Like a pristine mountain lake befouled with a ton of sludge, he didn’t want to see it anymore, although he would dip into it if invited. The thought of that sludge sullying his angel was enough to drive him to distraction. He envisioned them naked together, in each other’s arms, in the throes of passion, and he was overwhelmed with angst. He pictured Dominic’s hands caressing different parts of her body, and he cringed. He imagined her moans of ecstasy, and he felt sick. For the first time, Robert Owens understood the emotional pain he had caused Kristen. He regretted it, but the crucial difference, he told himself, was that he wasn’t in love with the women he’d had. He didn’t know that she wasn’t in love with Dominic.
To make this distinction manifest to Kristen, he decided to court her cousin. He phoned Jennifer, told her he had given up Kristen, and asked her come and see him. Delighted to hear that and hoping it signaled his final surrender to her, she agreed to come the next day. What she didn’t tell him was that she was planning to run away and stay with him. Her home life was worse than ever. She despised Jordan, who’d resumed his suggestive behavior with her—and had even rubbed against her breasts once. She was failing grade twelve. Regardless of the costs, she felt she had to get out of that situation. Robert’s call was the impetus she needed to take this step.
Telling her mother she was going on a school field trip for the weekend, she went to Robert’s on Friday afternoon. She told him she planned to stay the weekend.
The minute she got into his room, she took off her clothes. “Let’s make love right now,” she insisted as she took off his pants. “My period is due in a couple of days, and I want to get of much of you as possible before then. You won’t have to use a rubber.”
The artful creature lied. Her period came like clockwork every month, and it was due in nine days.
She was acting weird, he thought, but she was as stunning as ever. Just gazing at Jennifer had a way of making him forget about Kristen—and everything else. Sex with this superb creature is inherently good, he felt, like being elevated to a plane of existence above heaven. And God said, “Be ever good, devote your life to helping the poor and cure a hideous disease, and thou shalt be granted a roll in the hay with Jennifer Taylor.” Jennifer made an exception for the boy she loved.
They went to a dance at her old high school on Saturday night and caused a bit of a sensation, so news would get to Kristen.
The following Monday, Keri Knight, the school gossip who laughed after everything she said, stopped Kristen in the school hall to observe her reaction when she told her, “Like your cousin and that Owens boy were all, like, lovey-dovey at the dance Saturday night, tee hee hee. She was, like, so into him on the dance floor, like French kissing him and feeling him all over, the teacher had to separate them twice, tee hee hee.”
Thinking this signified his determination to get her back in a way that would hurt the most, Kristen reacted immediately with bulging eyes and gaping mouth. Keri smiled.
“He’s, like, a real player, eh? Tee hee hee.”
Kristen excused herself and hurried away. Within the hour, Keri had relayed the scene to all her acquaintances. “So I’m like, your boyfriend was at the dance with your cousin, and Kristen’s like, ‘Oh, my God!’ and I’m like, ‘He was practically making it with her on the dance floor,’ and she’s, like, all red and ready to cry or something, and I’m like, ‘He’s a real jerk,’ and she’s like ‘I have to go to class,’ but she, like, runs off to the washroom to cry I’m sure, tee hee hee.”
By the time the scandal mill finished churning that day, one story had it that Kristen’s boyfriend had done it with Jennifer right on the dance floor, and learning of this, Kristen had hung herself in the girls’ washroom, and another had it that Kristen’s boyfriend had knocked up her cousin, and that the couple were soon to be married. Kristen was comfortable the first rumor was without foundation, but the second one … well, Keri was in her glory telling everyone, “Kristen’s like ‘No! It can’t be!’ and I’m like, ‘That’s what everyone is saying,’ and she’s, like, ready to die and I’m, like, ‘There’s other fish in the sea,’ but she’s, like, all choked up, and she couldn’t say a thing, and her eyes were, like, all watery, boo hoo, and she, like, walks away in a trance, tee hee hee.”
To maximize Kristen’s anguish—and Jennifer was game for that—the two went to see Kristen that same Monday. “You’re not upset we’re seeing each other exclusively are you, cuz?” Jennifer said. “Because I know you have Dominic and all.”
She was fawning all over Robert, the way teenage girls do when they’re infatuated with a boyfriend: smiling at him; continually kissing him on his face, neck, and chest; inclining her head to his, taking his hands and placing them on her waist; clasping her hands behind his neck and staring desirously at him; and moving slowly against him as if she were making love with her clothes on. He was playing it cool, the way teenage boys do when they have a girl wrapped around their finger, but anyone could tell how much he was enjoying the attention.
Kristen looked on trying not to let on how perturbed she was. At least there was no evidence the two were engaged, which was an enormous relief. It helped her to seem convincing when she said, “I’m not upset in the least.”
“Why would she be?” Robert added. “She wants to marry him.”
“Oh, you don’t know anything, jerk!” said the not-upset-in-the-least girl.
“I know she chose Dominic over me by throwing the two of us together to do battle over her. She thinks she’s goddamn Helen of Troy. He beat me and he got the spoils—or, should I say, the spoiled?”
Jennifer sniggered and placed his right hand on her bottom.
“Oh, you’re such an ass!” Kristen hollered. “I told you I didn’t set that up, and I meant it. And Dominic did not spoil me. I’m still a virgin!” she screamed at him. He gaped at her, wondering what the truth was.
“I never knew what you saw in Dominic, Krissy,” said Jennifer, as she sat Robert on the couch, sat sideways on his lap, put her arms around him, and played with his hair. “To me, he’s creepy and a little effeminate.” She kissed his forehead, nibbled on his left ear, and rubbed her nose against his.
“What? When have you ever met him?”
“It’s a big beach, cuz. He made several passes at me a couple of summers ago. The last time, he even offered me a gold bracelet with diamonds, exactly like the one you’re wearing.” Kristen grasped her bracelet. “I can’t stand him, and I knew you wanted him, so I’ve always told him to get lost. You can have him. I got the real jewel,” Jennifer said, sensually sniffing along his collarbones and up his neck, as if she were getting ready to make a feast of him.
The born seductress reveled in Kristen’s envy. She knelt between his legs, leaned her stomach against his crotch, and moved rhythmically against him, kissing him feverishly. “Naughty boy. I can feel how much you want me,” she purred. Kristen turned away in dismay. “I want you, too. Let’s go to my old room and make love.”
“No! Get out of my house!” roared her distraught cousin. Why do I put up with that jackass? Kristen asked herself after they left. Why do I love him? He causes me nothing but pain, she went on, watching through her window as the two walked toward his house, Jennifer with her head on his shoulder and arm around his waist, Robert with his arm around her waist. But love has never been logical; it’s biological, emotional and maybe even spiritual.
She found herself walking by his house the next day hoping not to see Jennifer’s car. It was there. He can’t really be in love with her, can he?
No, Jennifer and Robert were not to be—for the time being, anyway. She desperately needed love and sought it from Robert. Now that they’d been to see Kristen, it was just a matter of time before word got to her mother about where she was. She had to make her move soon. Lisa called to inform Kara, but Kara said, “I give up! Let her do what she wants.” Bill then called his brother, who made plans to fly in on Wednesday.
He’d better ask me today—or else, Jennifer declared to herself on Tuesday. With two tests to write, Robert had to go to school that day. Nervous about the showdown she was about to force with him, she got drunk while he was at school. Upon his arrival home, she wasted no time and minced no words. She blurted out, “I love you. Please marry me. Please ask me to be your wife.”
“What?” replied the shocked man. “You’re drunk out of your mind. I’m not marrying you or anyone any time soon. I told you this in August. We’re only seventeen, for Christ’s sake.”
“I am drunk, but I’m not lying. I need you. Please ask me to marry you.”
“No, Jenny.”
Now crying, she exclaimed, “I ran away from home. I can’t go back. I hate my step-father and my mother. I’m desperate. If you turn me away, I’ll die. I’ll kill myself!”
“Don’t you dare play the suicide card with me. You think a marriage made on a threat like that could possibly last? You need help. Talk to a counselor.”
“Oh, screw you!” said the brokenhearted girl. “I hate you! All you want from me is my body.” She hurried to the bathroom to empty her stomach.
He called the Taylor house. Bill answered. “Mr. Taylor, it’s Bob Owens. Jenny’s here. She’s drunk, and she’s threatening suicide if I don’t marry her. She needs help. Can you come over here right away?”
“I’ll be right there,” he said, rushing out to his car. Within a minute, the livid young lady left the bathroom and headed to the front door. Robert stood in her way. “Get out of my way,” she shrieked. “Move or I’ll scream!” He stood there uncomfortably. Jennifer came at him, scratched his arm and tried to kick him in the groin. He blocked it. She started screaming. “I’ll call the police!”
“Here they are. They certainly are responsive to you,” he said, trying anything to lighten the mood, as Bill came into the house.
“Jenny! Calm down,” Bill instructed.
“I won’t go back home, Uncle Bill,” she asserted.
“You won’t have to. Your dad’s coming in tomorrow, and we’re going to work things out. Come home with me.” Bill put his arm around her and took her to his place. His wife and daughter soon returned from shopping, and the family did a lot of talking. They decided she had to go live with her father in New York.
Her father flew in Wednesday and returned home to New York City with his daughter the next day. Both father and daughter were overjoyed, though Jennifer would continue to pine for Robert. When her period came on schedule a week later, she wept, fearing her last chance at Robert was washed away with her unfertilized egg.
Robert came over to see Kristen soon after Jennifer had left. She led him into the family room. He was friendly; she wasn’t. With an impassive expression, she told him what had been decided and looked to see his reaction. He, too, showed little emotion; he already knew what had happened. “That’s best for her I’m sure. She’s lucky to have your family.”
“You’re not upset she’s gone?”
“Of course I am, but she was in bad shape and needed help. She needed to get out of here.” Robert was more upset than he was letting on. He’d cried after Jennifer phoned to tell him she was moving away for good, and that she didn’t want to hear from him again.
“She made the fatal mistake of demanding marriage, eh?”
“It wasn’t like that. I really felt bad for her and was worried about her. That’s why I called your father. I didn’t want to get married, it’s true, mainly because I, um … couldn’t give up her cousin.”
“Oh?”
“Krissy, I can’t bear being apart from you.” She opened her eyes wide. It was the first time he ever called her that. “I don’t have anyone else I enjoy talking to or laughing with, just being with. I’m sorry for reacting the way I did when you told me about—you know. You were right. I am a hypocrite. I know now how I’ve made you feel all along. Please forgive me.”
“Not this again. I fell for it last time you came asking for clemency and promising to give up other women. Never again.” She sounded adamant.
“Come on, Krissy. Since then I learned you too had been fooling around, so you’ve lost the high ground on this. Can we please forget the past and start over?”
“The past of which you speak ended for you only yesterday. You think you can do anything you want, and that I’ll just forgive you. Not when your treatment of me has been so contemptible. You sat in this very room on this couch fooling around with Jenny expressly to humiliate me!” she said heatedly.
Embarrassed, he looked at the floor and had no ready reply. After an awkward pause, which she let pass while he squirmed, he said, “I’m sorry. It was a spiteful and classless thing to do. It’s just that I was devastated when I found out you loved Dominic, and that you made love … I know it was childish, but I wanted to hurt you back. I ask your forgiveness.”
“Odd that the one who has meted out ninety percent of the hurt in this relationship should feel he owes me more.”
“Krissy …” He had no words. She was right. He knew he deserved her deprecation. It seemed pointless to apologize again, so he sat silent, afraid her next declaration would be to dismiss him for good.
After an uncomfortable minute, she resumed: “Jenny’s not gone forever, I’m sure. As soon as she pops back into your life, you’ll pop back into her.”
“She is gone forever,” he maintained as his eyes glistened with tears, which Kristen noticed. He’d already lost Jennifer; now it seemed he’d lost Kristen, too. It was all he could do to stop from crying. “I want you.”
“You only want me because she’s gone.”
“No, you have that backwards. She’s gone because I rejected her, which I did because I couldn’t give you up. I’d rather be with you than any other person on earth. I know you’re angry at me. I don’t blame you.” He took her hands. “Can we at least be friends?”
“I’m sorry, Bobby, no,” she said, taking back her hands.
Upset, Robert went on, “Please don’t shut me out, I’m begging you. I’ll commit to only you.”
Precisely what she’d been dying to hear for over a year, but he had sinned once too often with Jennifer. “No. I want you to leave.” His devastated expression failed to move her. Looking at him dispassionately, she commanded, “Go now.” He lowered his head and walked out.
Robert stayed away for eight days, eight days of anguish for him, coming by her house to press his case anew on Friday evening. “She’s here, but she’s with Dominic,” Jeremy told him. “Do you want me to call her?”
“No thanks,” said the gloomy young man. He went home convinced he’d lost her forever. Jeremy later informed his sister that Robert had come by and left dispirited when told she was with Dominic. She walked up to her room with a gratified smile.
A week passed. Kristen was beginning to wonder if he’d given up when he at last returned. Lisa answered the door and called her daughter. Kristen came down and invited him to her room, but halfway up the stairs she turned and stopped. She held out her arm to stop him two steps down. Looking down on him with stern visage, she asked her supplicant, “What do you want?”
“Um, I know you’re seeing Dominic. Since I assume you’ve picked him to develop that relationship you wanted that might lead to marriage, I wonder if I might at least be a friend. You know, maybe we could hang out together once in a while? I could guard your apple,” he said with a feeble smile.
“Friends?” Kristen said. “Is that all I am to you? You just want to be friends?”
“No, but you’ve chosen Dominic.”
“So you’re saying if it weren’t for Dominic, we could start an exclusive relationship that could very well lead to marriage?”
“Yes.”
Kristen pulled him one step up so that her eyes were level with his. She smiled and said, “I believe I’ll take you up on that offer.”
“Excuse me? I don’t understand.”
“I broke up with Dominic last week. I want to pursue that relationship with you, Robert Owens.”
“With me?” he said—surprised but delighted.
She leaned forward to kiss him, then took his hand and led him to her room. Closing her door, she explained, “I dropped Dominic because I love you. You must be blind if you haven’t seen how much I love you.”
“But why would you choose me over him?” Robert inquired. “Oh, wait, I know. He may be richer, but I’m uglier,” joked he. She furrowed her brow, but chuckled. “Really, why?” he resumed, “He’s rich, he’s loads of fun, he’s hunky and he can beat me up.”
“That’s all true,” she was happy to concede, “but you are so much more. That day by the river, it was you who shined. You annihilated him with your wit. All he could do to get you back was hit you. You are the much better man.”
“Did you or did you not have sex with him?”
“Let’s just say he banged on the front door, but I kept it locked.”
“He beat around the bush, eh?”
“Robert Peter Owens!” she said, tittering through the syllables.
“You were naked with him?”
“Yes, I was.”
“What did he, um, do with you when—”
“Just know that I didn’t make love to him, and let it drop. Okay?”
He looked her over as if trying to ascertain where and how Dominic had touched her. His jealousy was conspicuous, and she enjoyed every second of it. With her cool demeanor, she test-drove her hard-won control over him. She laid down the law: “Remember, I’ll be watching. If you cheat on me, that’ll be it; I won’t stand for it. Do you understand?” He nodded meekly. “Now, if our relationship is going to last, we have to be together. You need to tell me where you might be next year.”
“I have no idea.”
“Come on, Bobby. That’s not acceptable to me. I insist you run down the possibilities. That way I can apply to the universities closest to where you might be.”
“Well, let’s see. I can choose to go into the major league draft this June, or I can go to university and play ball there, or, apparently, I can join the American Army.”
“Pardon me?” stated the surprised girl.
“Some Marine-looking guy came to my house yesterday and told me he was with the special forces of the American Army. They somehow knew all about me: my marks, my dead family, my baseball, my American citizenship. God knows what the government has on every one of us. It seems a smart, athletic orphan is ideal for them. Gee, I wonder why. He tried to sign me up.”
“My God, I hope you said no.”
“No, I leave for boot camp tomorrow,” he jested. “Of course I said no.”
“You should go to university with your brain,” Kristen contended. “You have scholarship offers at USC, Stanford, and Berkeley?”
“Yes, but—”
“Well, then that’s a start. I’ll apply to those three universities, and to Western just in case.”
His preference was not to go to university because he was worried his arm might give out before he got the chance to play in the majors. He could see the pressure to accommodate her already beginning, which made him worry about his freedom. She saw his discomfort and changed the topic, but she fully intended to revisit this issue as often as it took to secure his promise to live together.
Soon thereafter, it was Christmas season again. This year, Robert got two invitations to dinner. Kim, who had recently returned from staying with her mother and sister in BC, invited him first. When Kristen asked him and he told her, “Someone else invited me to Christmas dinner,” her face showed the look of a woman betrayed.
“What? I assumed my boyfriend would be spending Christmas with me. Who is this mystery person?”
“Just a widow I work for every now and then,” he said.
“Just a widow? You’re spending Christmas with just a widow?”
“I’m sorry. She invited me, and I said yes without thinking.”
“Who is she?”
“She’s Kim Arnold. She lives on Pioneer.” She’d seen Kim and knew how pretty she was. With Kristen brooding, he added, “Um, I’ll leave her house early and come here for dinner. Okay?”
“Don’t bother. Just stay there.”
“Come on, Krissy. I made a mistake. I’ll stay there for an hour or so, then I’ll come here. Okay?”
She relented.
On Christmas, he told Kim that he could only stay for a little while and was just about to say he’d be eating dinner elsewhere when Kim said, “Just stay for supper then. I’ve been at it for hours.” He could not disappoint her.
As they ate, she fidgeted; she seemed uneasy. Not that Robert noticed as he shoveled the delicious food down his throat. After an interlude of awkward silence, she said, “So, you graduate in a few months? What are your plans after that?”
“Baseball,” he replied with a full mouth.
“And if that doesn’t work out?”
He gulped and growled with a grave gawp, “Why would you ask that?”
Seeing his antagonism, she smiled to disarm him.
“You don’t think I’m good enough?”
“Of course. I didn’t mean it like—”
“I have to go. Thanks for dinner,” he said as he got to his feet.
“No, wait. Please. I have something for you, something that will help you reach your goal.” She left the dining room and returned shortly with a nicely wrapped gift for him. “Open it,” she said.
He did, and his eyes opened wide. “This is, like, the best glove you can get. It costs hundreds of dollars. Thank you very much, Kim, but I can’t accept this: it’s too much money.”
“I have plenty of money, and it was on sale. Take it. Merry Christmas.”
“Are you sure?” She nodded. “Thank you, that’s the nicest gift anyone has ever given me—or maybe anyone. I’m not sure what I’ve done to deserve this.”
“You’ve done so much.” He looked at her quizzically as she stuttered through her explanation, “You, you’ve um … given me … something, um …” She looked away to gather her courage, took a deep breath, turned back to him, and said, “You’ve given me something wonderful!”
“What?”
Just then her face changed. “Oh! Pardon me, I have to go to the bathroom,” she said as she got up and dashed out of the room with her hand pressed against her stomach.
When she returned, Robert said, “Maybe it’s just me, because I like baseball so much and all, but I think the best glove a person can get is a better present than the runs.”
“No, silly. I mean you gave me a reason to get up every morning when you were last here.”
“You mean because I wouldn’t leave you alone in bed?”
“No,” she said with an exasperated chuckle.
“Because that was maybe the best four-day period of my life, you know,” Robert said. She smiled.
As her queasy stomach began to rumble again, she found herself thinking wistfully of her four-day periods that had ceased almost three months ago. She never thought she’d long for them. He gave her his present to her, which was wrapped clumsily in the Sunday comics. She opened it and erupted in laughter. He’d bought a slinky one-piece bathing suit for seventy-five percent off. This won’t even cover my stomach by June, Kim thought.
He left without learning about his child, cuddling his new baseball glove all the way to Kristen’s house.
“Hi,” greeted Kristen. “What’s that?”
“Only the best baseball mitt on the market. Kim gave it to me for Christmas.” He showed it to Kristen. “I’m so excited. I’m going to sleep with it tonight.”
“Why would she do that for a boy who does odd jobs for her?” asked the curious and now worried girl. “What’s going on?”
“Nothing. Really. I don’t know why she got it for me. I asked, and she said it was on sale, and she was rich, and to just take it.” Kristen frowned and led him in.
Kristen was cool with Robert, so dinner was uncomfortable for both of them. The family started talking of Jesus. Robert said nothing throughout, though he rolled his eyes a couple of times. Noticing, Lisa said, “Don’t you believe there’s anything greater than you in the universe?”
“Mrs. Taylor,” he said, while turning his head toward Kristen, “I believe there’s something greater than I at this table.”
Kristen’s antipathy vanished as she tittered and went to fetch a plate of fudge she’d confected for the occasion. It was her first attempt at baking fudge. She passed the plate around and awaited their verdict. Robert sniffed it and recoiled at the burnt sugar smell. He tasted it and put his hand to his mouth, then under the table where Billingsgate took it off his hands. The dog slunk away, off to clean his anus for a better taste in his mouth.
“How do you like my fudge?” she asked. Her family smiled politely, but Robert, as was his wont, answered honestly.
“It’s fudge? I thought you went through the woods and gathered up some deer droppings.”
Kristen informed him it was the last time she’d ever make him fudge. He thanked her for that consideration and excused himself from the table.
After kissing him good night, Kristen said, “Please don’t see that Arnold woman anymore, okay?”
He nodded, but wasn’t happy with the request or with the idea. Kim called him a few times through the winter, but he made excuses not to see her. Their special bond would ensure a lasting relationship between the pair, however.

Chapter Fourteen

Growing Closer

Women are always more inquisitive about their man’s background than men are about their woman’s, perhaps because men are much more apt than women to be axe murderers, and as the new saying goes, axe murderers make dicey bedfellows. Kristen was curious about Robert’s parents, especially since the little he’d told her of them was fascinating, but it was a delicate subject for obvious reasons. In his room one evening, she searched for a way to get him to talk about them. “What’re you thinking about?” she opened.
Licking every inch of your body, then trying every position in the Kama Sutra with you for twenty-four straight hours, he thought. “Nothing,” he said.
“Do you remember how we met?” she tried.
“Yeah, it was a story for the ages. I was trying to wheedle my nuts back into my bag, and you were laughing and looking down your nose at me.”
“True, it wasn’t romantic, but my parents’ first meeting was. It was Mom’s first week of university—Dad was in his third year—and they met at the pool. Mom walked out of the changing room in her bathing suit, and my dad spotted her. He tried to show off on the diving board, but ended up slipping and bouncing off his bum before flopping into the water. Mom laughed and went over to … You’re not listening to me.”
“Sure I am. Your parents met at the university.”
“What did I say after that?”
“Uh, your dad … um, spotted your mom … on a corner, and they went to a cheap motel room to make you and Jeremy.”
She hit him on the arm.
“All right, if you find my family history so boring, tell me how your parents met.”
He closed his eyes, laid his head on his shoulder and pretended to snore. She undertook another tack: appealing to his pride in his parents. “Can I see your mother’s medal?” He went to his trunk, rummaged around, pulled it out and put it around her neck. “It was for figure skating?” He nodded. “When was that?”
“Seventy-two in Sapporo. I have the video of her performance. Want to see it?” Kristen jumped at that offer, and the two went to the TV room to observe young Jill Richards skate almost flawlessly to Debussy’s “Claire de Lune.”
“She’s so pretty and graceful,” opined Kristen, as she watched the young athlete deftly interpret the superb music. They went back to his room. It was time to learn more about the paternal side.
“Can I see a picture of your father?” He dug out the one he had of his father in his Air Force uniform. “He’s so handsome,” she declared. “I can see some of him in you, especially his eyes, but I think you look more like your mother. When was he in the Air Force?”
“Through the seventies, I think.”
“He played baseball after that?”
“Yup.” He pulled out his father’s Giants jersey, number 13, and put it on. “I think the story was he wanted to go into minor league baseball after college, but got a low enough number in the draft lottery that he was convinced he’d end up as an infantry grunt who would return home from Vietnam without a leg or a pulse—something that might interfere with his plans to play baseball—so he joined the Air Force.”
“Did he ever go to Vietnam?”
“Not that I know of. I’m not sure about a lot of their background. Little kids never think about that stuff. They were Mom and Dad. What else did I need to know? Most of what I know now, I’ve pieced together from the things in this trunk. I don’t know exactly when he left the Air Force or started playing baseball, but I know he played for the Giants in 1981.”
“So where in all this did he meet your mother?”
“I only know that because it was the day Dad tore his shoulder apart. Mom liked to tell that story because it was the day they met. Nine pitches; that’s all he threw in the majors. Nine. He gave up a career in the Air Force and must have worked really hard to get to the Giants, and he lasted two-thirds of an inning. I can imagine how devastated he must have been. He got there, but had no chance to savor it. He was still sensitive about it a decade later, I know. They took him to the hospital where my mom was taking her medical training.”
“Where was that?”
“I’m not sure, but I remember she used to wear an old sweater with UCSF on it.”
“The University of California at San Francisco.”
“I guess.”
“I’ve been looking into medical schools, and that’s one of the best. Go on.”
“Dad started flirting with her the moment he saw her, she told me, which didn’t impress her at the time, though she crowed about it plenty afterward. I guess men were always making passes at her, and she wanted to be treated as a professional. He was just the next disrespectful pervert.”
“Like father, like son.”
“So she informed him in a dispassionate way that his shoulder was shattered, and surgery was needed. He got very upset over the news and offended at her detached bedside manner, and he demanded to know the prognosis for recovery. She was put off by his hostility and callously told him that he would be lucky to have full use of his arm, and that it would never again stand much strain.
“I guess he immediately broke down crying, which shocked her. She sincerely apologized and asked why he was so upset. He answered, ‘You just told me with a pitiless smirk that my life is over.’ Mom remembered his line word for word. It had the power to make her teary-eyed for the rest of her life. She begged Dad to explain. Only then did she learn he pitched for the Giants, and she realized what the prognosis meant to him. She was beside herself over the heartless way she’d conveyed the bad news to him. Anyway, in trying to make it up to him, she fell in love, and so did he, and they lived happily ever … for ten years.”
“So what you’re saying is your father’s disaster was the best thing that ever happened to him and to her.”
“What? No, I’m not saying that. His career was ruined. It had to be the worst day of his life. And she would probably have lived a lot longer if she hadn’t met him.”
“Because of what happened, they met their soul mates. I’m sure they’ll always be together now. What could be more important than that? If someone made me choose between living ten more years with the man I love or sixty more years with anyone else, I’d choose you in a heartbeat.”
“You think I’ll live sixty more years?”
“Shut up. And look at what they left for the world: you wouldn’t exist if it weren’t for his injury.”
“See? It’s still causing problems.”
“So, how did he propose?”
“I know that story, too.3 Mom loved to tell it. It’s funny. Mom was content on her own; she had her career, and men were pigs. Dad was happy, too; he had, well, he had to start over with a new career, and women were plentiful. Then they met, and everything changed. So, two people who were perfectly satisfied in their independence were now dependent on someone else for their happiness. It’s sad, really,” he said, with an arch smile to get a reaction from Kristen. She hit him again. “I’m not sure exactly how long they dated, but before long, he began to hint about getting married, and she was hinting yes, but he wouldn’t come right out with the question.
“So, she pushed things along by renting the ice at a local rink to skate for him. Dad said she started out in an elegant black dress that flowed across her body as she skated gracefully to a slow song. When that song ended, a fast song came on, and she zipped the black dress off, revealing one of those sexy, short, body-hugging skater’s outfits in dark red. She danced across the ice, spinning, jumping, swaying her hips and such, all the while smiling at him. She bragged he was mesmerized and practically drooling by the end of it. I guess he really was impressed, because while she changed he scribbled her a little something to express his feelings. She treasured it till her dying day. I have it here.”
He pulled out of the trunk a small box that contained a scroll of lined paper tied with a blue ribbon and handed it to Kristen.
She untied it, unrolled it, and read it aloud:

No mere words, especially my clumsy words, can do you justice, but you inspire me to try. When I first set eyes on you, I was enchanted (a poetical way of saying “horny”), which offended you, I know, but mere man that I am, I was utterly lost in your gorgeous eyes when they first shone upon me. Though I stared, it is unfair to reproach me for becoming ensnared in the trap that your supernal beauty sets, from which no mortal man has the power or will to escape. Yet, now that I know the pure joy of knowing you, I understand your objection to being judged by appearance alone, for you are so much more than beautiful. Every day I spend with you, I find something else to admire about you. Every fleeting minute with you, I fall more in love. Every eternal minute apart from you, I desire nothing but the paradise of your company. And today … One minute I’m spellbound by your beauty, talent, and grace, and I know how much I want you. The next I’m buzzing with raw animal excitement and I know how much I need you. What more can I say to tell you how much you mean to me other than to declare: I love you, Jill!”

Kristen smiled with teary eyes, thinking, Why can’t the son be as poetic?
Noticing her moist eyes, Robert said, “Pretty sappy, eh?” She smirked. He continued, “Despite his proclamation of love, to her great disappointment, he didn’t ask her to be his wife then. He wanted to, but had decided years before that if he ever wanted to marry he’d pop the question while flying. I guess he thought it would be romantic. Plus, if she said no, he could just nose down into the Pacific, and have done with it.
“He rented an expensive plane and took her up to show off … He was such a good pilot.” His face became somber, and he said with evident resentment, “That fucking airline pilot made a mistake that cost them their lives, and destroyed mine.” He lowered his head. Kristen embraced him and stroked his hair.
He went on, “Anyway, the funny part was Dad went too far showing off. There were a few too many acrobatic manoeuvres for her unaccustomed stomach. Just as he was getting set to ask the question, she turned white and puffed out her cheeks. What would come first? The question or the vomit? If the latter, she could well imagine it putting a damper on his enthusiasm and she might miss her best shot at him, but if the question came first, how would it look to answer the most profound expression of a man’s love with a puke?” Kristen laughed. “Many men would consider that the definitive rejection. As the purging began, she grabbed a bag next to the seat. When she put her face in it and spewed forth, she saw a small jewellery box in it, which held?”
“The engagement ring,” Kristen said with a chuckle.
“Here it is here,” he said, as he extracted his mother’s ring from the same box.
Kristen held out her hand and he gave her the ring. She slid it onto her ring finger, smiled, and noted, “It fits perfectly.” He said nothing, so she went on: “So, what happened next?”
“Mom was so embarrassed and upset that she started bawling. Dad was angry with himself for his overzealousness. He knew it was his fault and apologized. He thought the moment sufficiently unromantic to proceed with the question, so he flew back to the airport, his plans shattered. But Mom wouldn’t let it end like that. Just before she got out of the plane, she looked into his eyes and said, ‘I’d love to, Jimmy.’
“He knew what she meant, but just to make it official, he said with a hopeful smile, ‘You’ll marry me?’ She said yes and went to kiss him, but recalled her barf breath and turned aside at the last minute. He turned her head back and kissed her on the lips. I’m guessing he didn’t slip her the tongue.”
Kristen chortled again and commented, “I never thought throwing up could be so romantic.” She took his hand. “You should feel good knowing they’ll always be together.”
“Dust together. Great.”
“You don’t believe in anything beyond this world? You don’t believe in God at all?”
“On my most religious days, I’m an agnostic. Most days I’m pretty sure there is no God. What I don’t understand is how such a smart person can banish doubt by citing faith. What you’re saying is you believe because you refuse to doubt.”
“I don’t feel like I’m trying to fool myself. I’m not saying there’s a personal god who watches over us and smites us when we’re bad; that’s nonsense. But I think there’s a benevolent order to the world.”
“A sort of intelligent design?”
“I have no doubt that evolution is a fact. It’s just that the universe is so … I don’t know, spectacular. I can’t believe it’s all a cosmic accident. I don’t understand how such a smart person can dismiss it all as an accident.”
“I’m just smart enough to know that I know maybe a trillionth of what there is to know. From unconscious ignorance, I have attained conscious ignorance.”
“Well, don’t assume that your conscious ignorance is somehow superior to my faith. My faith is not just wishful thinking as you seem to think; it’s a fervent conviction.”
“And what’s the need of reason when we have conviction?”
“So you think reason and conviction are mutually exclusive? I’m convinced God exists, and that some of the most important things in life are predetermined.”
“So god is a mechanism to engineer fate?” She shrugged. “Seems impossible.”
“So we’re simply here because of evolution?” she said.
“Precisely, though I don’t see how humans will continue evolving.”
“Why?”
“Because natural selection doesn’t operate on us anymore. Anyone—smart or stupid, strong or weak, attractive or ugly, healthy or not—can have as many children as he wants. I’ve read that the best educated tend to have the fewest children. If stupid people have more kids than smart people do, we may be Cro-Magnons again in a million years.”
“We can get there a lot sooner if you have lots of children,” Kristen joked.
After she left, he returned the cherished relics of his dead family to the trunk, but took his mother’s photo out of the frame and replaced it with Kristen’s, which he set on top of his trunk facing the bed.



3Parts of this scene first appeared on the website of the literary journal, Johnny America:
http://www.johnnyamerica.net/archives/2010/04/19/07.00.00/

Chapter Fifteen

The Date

Kristen had been patient with Robert’s lack of wherewithal to take her out on the town, but he felt guilty about it since she’d given up a man who could do so much for her. After saving up for four months, he asked her out for a special dinner-and-dancing date.
To kick off their special day, he surprised her with a serenade under her window. He wasn’t romantic, but he knew she was and knew she would like it. At one AM, he walked down to Kristen’s house, climbed the flowering dogwood tree near her room and tapped on her window with a stick he’d brought for the purpose. She came over to the window and opened it.
“Are you crazy? It’s one o’clock in the morning. What are you doing here?”
“I’ve come to peep. I climb up here every night to watch you change.” She smirked. “Actually, I’ve come to serenade my woman.” He began to sing Cole Porter’s “Night and Day.” It had been his father’s favorite song. He played Sinatra’s slow tempo version so often, little Bobby learned the words by heart:
“Night and Day you are …”
“Wait, wait! Just a minute,” she said. She stepped away from the window and within thirty seconds was back. “Okay, start over please, and louder this time.”
So, he crooned the song while the beguiled girl sat beaming.
“Oh, that was amazing!” she proclaimed when he finished. “I didn’t know you could sing. Your voice is sensational.” His voice did not approach sensational, but love colors every sense.
Nothing could dampen her spirit, not even the gruff neighbor who yelled, “Shut up, asshole, it’s the middle of the night,” right after Robert finished, or her parents, who woke up and told her to keep him quiet.
“You’d better go now. My parents and half the rest of the neighborhood are awake now. Thank you, Bobby. I love you.”
She would long treasure the recording she made of him with her computer, listening hundreds of times over the years. It was the most romantic moment of her life, and would remain so. Her father shook his head before returning to bed, but her mother smiled at her. She could see how thrilled her daughter was. Kristen played it back eight times that night. So elated was she, it took her two hours to fall back to sleep.
The big date commenced at 5:30 the next evening. Fine dining comprised the early part of the evening. Kristen had chosen a restaurant in London, overlooking the Thames. Robert perused the menu, glossing over the unfamiliar dishes, focusing on the prices and blanching. Kristen, who observed his discomfort, smiled and reassured him, “If you insist, I’ll forgo my usual thousand-dollar bottle of champagne.”
He put down the menu and tried not to think of what he could do with the money this one meal would cost. All his attention he focused on Kristen. He would have been content simply to gaze into her gleaming eyes, with some prolonged glimpses at her long legs. She’d worn a new red mini-dress for the occasion.
She cherished the ardor in his eyes, the same longing look he used to give Jennifer, the look any woman wants to see when her man regards her, but Kristen, like any woman, demanded more: he had to engage in intercourse. Not the kind men want and women put up with; the kind women want and men put up with.
“Up here, Mr. Owens. Look at my face. My legs don’t talk,” Kristen reproved with a smile.
“But they’re communicating nevertheless,” Robert said. “They’re saying, ‘Look at us. Aren’t we perfect? Don’t you want to do things to us?’”
The waiter came, and they ordered dinner. He asked if they wanted an appetizer or anything to drink. “Should we get the goat cheese pâté for an appetizer?” Kristen asked her date.
“Yuck.”
“Robert Owens, you have no culture.”
“And you figure the cheese will provide it, do you?”
The waiter gave Kristen a commiserating smile. Kristen told the waiter they wanted nothing else besides water. Turning to Robert, she said, “Let’s get serious.”
Uh oh, here it comes, he said to himself.
“As you know, I got accepted at all the universities I applied to, but I need to give them my decision. I know you don’t take well to demands, so I won’t make one, but I’m pleading with you to make a decision to go to university instead of the baseball draft.”
I knew it! he declared to himself.
“It’s not only for me I’m asking this. With your brain—”
It would be a crime not to go to university, he said silently, having heard this entreaty before.
“—it would be a crime if you don’t go to university. And don’t you think the places that gave you scholarships will give you training and experience at least as good as you’d get in the minor leagues?”
“Maybe, but it would mean no matter how well I pitched, I put off any possibility of a major league career for at least three years and probably more.”
“Please do this for me, for us. If it takes you a year or two longer, is that such a big deal? If you go into the minors, it’ll delay my education for God knows how long. I want to be a doctor, which is a really long process as it is.” He said nothing. “Bobby?” she said.
To put the uncomfortable issue behind him, he answered, “Okay, I’ll go to university.”
“Woo!” Kristen yelped as her arms shot up and out. “Which one?”
“Berkeley or Stanford, I guess,” he replied, trying not to show his consternation and irritation.
“I’d rather go to Stanford,” she pronounced, “because they have a program in medicine. Going there should give me an edge to get into medicine there, and it’s one of the best in the world.” He would have preferred Berkeley, because his father had gone there, but he was on automatic pilot now and acquiesced.
“I’ll write to Stanford tomorrow to accept their offer. You’ll do the same?” she said, not entirely convinced from looking in his eyes.
“Yes,” said the disgruntled man. The dim ambiance in the restaurant helped to mask his true feelings. The big issue cleared off the table, they retreated to small talk through dinner. His wit was wanting, so apprehensive was he about what had just come to pass.
Kristen didn’t notice in her reverie, though she might have had his mood lasted long. She didn’t need to say anything to him to snap him out of his disquietude. Nature took care of everything. The flame from the candle on the table danced in her eyes, but the reflection, stoked by the passion in her heart, outshone the source and hypnotized the object of her affection. Never had her eyes sparkled so luminously. Never was her smile so dazzling. Never were her cheeks and lips rosier. Never was she more alluring. Never had he been so captivated by a woman.
The couple enjoyed talking and dancing together at the dance club. All the male eyes in the place were on Kristen while she was on the dance floor. Kerns and Fields must have written, “The Way You Look Tonight” with her in mind. It’s unclear how they knew about her so many years before she was born (it’s rather spooky, isn’t it?). Women, always more incisive than men when it comes to judging their own sex, pointed out all her faults. Some comments were disguised as compliments: “I’d spill out of that dress. She’s lucky to have such a small chest.” Some as concern: “Poor thing. Her legs are so skinny. What do you think, anorexia or bulimia?” Others were honest reactions: “Bitch!” Men, those shallow simpletons, were blind to all these faults and merely admired her beauty and panache.
They left the club just before midnight to drive home; to his home, he hoped, for an assignation he’d dreamt about a hundred times. Kristen, still exhilarated with his pledge, elected to attempt to complete the conquest. Explaining to her parents that she would be moving to California with Robert would be much easier if they were engaged. She accepted his invitation to join him in his room.
After she stepped into his room, he closed the door quietly. He took her in his arms and began kissing her tenderly, but she pulled him closer, opened her mouth and proceeded to lick his teeth and his tongue. It seemed as if she would submit to his wildest desires.
While kissing her, he undid the top button on her dress. She said nothing. One by one, he unfastened the other buttons. She said nothing. Her dress dropped to the floor, and she stepped out of it. Then she undid his buttons and removed his shirt. Their passionate kissing continued. She undid the button on his pants, pulled down the zipper and pushed them down to the floor. She ran her hands over his chest and pushed him toward the bed. She pulled down the blankets, got in, and extended her arms, inviting him to bed. He accepted her kind offer before she could blink.
After what he judged a reasonable period of kissing and cuddling, he attempted to relieve her of her bra. She resisted, feeling fourteen seconds was insufficient to assure his respect. After five more minutes of petting, she did allow him to take it off. His mouth went for one, his hand for the other. She began to approach his level of excitement. Sensing this, he ventured to remove her panties. She resisted, pushing his hands away from there.
He turned up the heat, going down to her feet and sucking her big toes. She giggled. He licked up her legs, turned her over and bit her butt; she shrieked into the pillow. He turned her onto her back and licked her pelvic bones, licked up her stomach to her rib cage, nibbled her nipples, lay down on her and ran his teeth along her collar bones and sucked on her ear lobes. Goose bumps jumped up on her legs and she squealed. Then he went back down to her breasts and sucked and bit playfully. She was in ecstasy. His next try for her panties was successful. He removed his boxers. Naked together! He felt as if he were going to explode. After more caressing, he hoped she was ready for love.
It was her turn to turn up the heat, but in a different manner than he had. She looked deep into his soul and endeavored to communicate telepathically, Tell me you love me, and I’m all yours tonight. Ask me to marry you, and I’m all yours forever. He read this, but something was lost in the female to male translation: If you don’t pledge your heart and soul to me for the whole rest of time, buster, you’re out of luck.
He tried anyway, which elicited the first word to come from either’s mouth since they got to his room: “No,” she murmured. He tried again, educing a more forceful “No!” He went down to make his case more directly. She panted and writhed in bliss, but pulled his face back up to hers to demonstrate her resolve. With her eyes, she decreed, No, not without at least saying you love me. No, sir, you may not have me without saying you love … Where is that tongue going now? Oh, what this man can do with his mouth and his hands! On second thought, there’s no question my soul mate has to take my virginity. I’ll give him that much, but if he wants to continue he has to tell me he loves me.
She pulled him back up so he was lying on top of her staring into her eyes. Her eyes granted him permission. Virtue’s sentries deserted their posts, leaving the maidenhead defenseless, and the invader thrust in unopposed. She gasped and winced and pulled her hips back from his. Then she put her left hand on his back and her right hand around the back of his neck and pulled him close against her. Stroking his hair, she kissed him lovingly and whispered, “Gently.” She experienced the tender sensations for a moment or two—okay, twenty moments—then evicted him.
“I’m sorry. Did I hurt you?” he asked. There was a spot of her blood on him.
“It hurts a little, yes, but that’s not why I stopped you.” He looked at her for the explanation. She continued, “For one thing, you’re not even wearing a rubber.”
“I have one in the drawer. I’ll get it, okay?”
But she said, “No.”
He persisted, “Krissy, please! I’ll be gentle.”
“You were gentle. That’s not the problem.”
He knew the problem, but he wanted a way around it. “Krissy, this is torture,” he avowed, trying the sympathy gambit.
“Torture?” she said. “Lying in bed naked with me and taking my virginity is torture for you?”
Strike one: sympathy failed. “No, of course not,” said the flustered man.
“Because if it is, I can just leave.”
“No, please stay. It’s just that coming so close to coming with the most wonderful woman in creation is agony.” He hoped the compliment would soften her stance.
“Well, I’m sorry to torment you, but as you know, as I’ve told you before, this is a lot more consequential to a woman than to a man.” Strike two: flattery flopped. “You know, I might be pregnant right now from what we did already. What would we do then?” This was a crucial question in her view, an acid test of devotion. On his response depended his fortune tonight.
“Just take a morning after pill.”
Oh, Robert, strike three: you’re out. Don’t ever become a politician. You’re much too blunt, too insensitive, too sensible, and far too fond of the truth.
Kristen was incensed and hurt. Throwing her cards on the table, she asserted frostily, “For my part, I don’t believe in premarital sex.” How will he beat that flush?
Throwing down his four aces, he said, “For my part, I don’t believe in marriage.” Producing another ace from his sleeve, he added, “Your part didn’t stop Dominic’s part.”
She got up and began to put her clothes on. “As you know for certain now, I did not let Dominic go all the way with me, and I resent you bringing that up again. At least he was patient with me. You want everything right away and when you can’t have it, you get spiteful.”
“Right away? It’s been six months, for Christ’s sake!” he rejoined. He too got up and dressed. She was hoping for a heartfelt apology, but didn’t get one. She walked out slowly, hoping he would stop her, hoping he would confess his love for her, hoping for a proposal. None of it came.
She left, dejected. Doubts haunted her. Why didn’t I just let him have his way? Why did I have to push so much? Now where are we? Will he still go to California with me?
He, too, was glum. It was a long, restless night for both of them.
To Kristen’s surprise, Robert came by the next day to make amends. “I’m sorry about last night, Taylor. Can we still see each other?”
She knew he was cool toward her; he called her Taylor whenever he was. “I hope so, Owens, but what kind of future would we have?”
“I’ll be more of a gentleman. I’ll be more patient. Please give me another chance.”
“Fine. What do you propose?”
“Propose?” he repeated.
“Yes, propose,” she reiterated.
“You’re not expecting a proposal of marriage from me, are you, Taylor? Because, you know, we’re still in high school.”
“No, Owens, that is the last question I would ever expect to hear from you.”
“Actually, that distinction belongs to: ‘Will you please castrate me?’” She rolled her eyes and turned away. After a moment of awkward silence, Robert put his forehead to hers and said, “I’m sorry, Krissy. How do we go forward from here?”
“Why don’t you go home and think about it, and call me when you have some ideas?” He left and Kristen reflected on what he might come back with.
Judy, who came over to see Jeremy for the first time in three weeks—she’d been chilly to Jeremy of late—and had been eavesdropping on their parley, came out on the step to join her. “How are things going between you and Owens? Break up yet?” the troublemaker said.
“No, of course not,” she said. “He’s anxious for, well, for the same thing any man is anxious for, but I think he’ll be patient.”
“Do you honestly believe he’s been faithful to you?”
“Why? Have you heard anything?”
“Well, there are rumors.” Invidious rumors. The kind Judy specialized in creating.
“What rumors? Tell me, Judy. What have you heard?”
“I heard Kim Arnold, you know, the widow who lives on Pioneer Drive, is pregnant with his child.”
“What? Who told you that?” Kristen said. “It can’t be.” She recalled that Robert spent part of Christmas day with Kim.
“She’s visibly pregnant, and he’d been seen with her a lot last summer and fall.”
“He’s been at her house before, I know, but that doesn’t mean he got her pregnant. I don’t believe it.”
“As I said, it’s only a rumor. I would confront him about it if I were you, though,” Judy suggested.
“I will, you can be sure of that.” After Judy left, Kristen marched over to Robert’s to confront him about Kim. He answered the door and saw her with her hands on her hips and a serious visage.
“What’s the matter? What did I do now?”
“Nothing, I hope. I just heard a rumor that Kim Arnold is pregnant.” His eyes got big. “With your child.” His eyes covered his entire face. “I assume it’s not true?”
“Ah, no, I don’t, um, think it is,” said the nervous boy.
“You don’t think so? Could it be true? Did you sleep with her?”
“Um, well …”
Kristen got flustered and stormed away.
He ran to catch up and explained, “Please, Krissy, that was a long time ago. I haven’t been with her since we began dating. At Christmas nothing happened, I swear, and I haven’t seen her since as you asked. You’ve already been angry at me for the same incident, you know, the nursing-me-better one?”
“I suppose you think that’s supposed to make it all go away? I can get upset just once over one of your many indiscretions? What is she, maybe thirty?”
“Twenty-seven,” he corrected.
“What were you doing with an older woman like that? Never mind answering that. I know damn well what you were doing. Didn’t you at least have protection?”
“I … I thought she—”
“Oh, my God! It could be true then? She might be carrying your child. You might have to marry …” The enormity of the situation was just starting to hit her, and she began to panic. “I swear, if that is your child, we’re through.”
“Please don’t hang me yet. We don’t even know if she’s pregnant, let alone with my child.”
“Go right now and find out. And don’t try to lie to me. You can’t do it with me, anyway. The only reason I trust you even a little is because I know you always tell me the truth.” Kristen rushed home and went to her room. Why, oh, why, do I love that man? she kept asking herself.
An uneasy Robert Owens followed her command and went to see the widow.
“Bob. I haven’t seen you in months. To what do I owe the honor of your visit?” Kim remarked upon opening her door.
“Can I come in?” he said in a subdued way.
“Sure. You seem upset, what’s—”
“You’re pregnant?” he blurted out.
Looking agitated, she conceded, “Yes. You didn’t think I’d get this big this fast otherwise, did you?”
Swallowing hard, he asked, “Is it mine?” She didn’t have to say anything; her face told the distressing truth. “Oh, Jesus. Why didn’t you tell me? Everything is ruined,” said the disconsolate man.
“Please don’t be angry. I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want to upset you. Look at me. This isn’t your fault. You don’t have to worry about supporting me or him.”
“You know it’s a boy?”
“Yes. Bob, I couldn’t be happier. I was so lonely. My husband is gone forever, and I still love him. I don’t want another husband, but I need a child or I’ll die of loneliness. I’m sorry for not asking you, but I was afraid you’d say no.”
“You actually planned this?” he asked, getting more disturbed.
“No, but I didn’t ask you to use a rubber that night you came here when you were hurt. I was hoping you’d get me pregnant. Please don’t be angry.” She stepped up close to him and put her hand on his cheek. “You’ve given me the most precious gift in the universe. You’re such a remarkable person. I knew you would father a perfect child … You’re upset, I see.” She stepped back. “Please forgive me,” she pleaded looking down.
“My girlfriend, Kristen Taylor, somehow found out about this. She told me if you’re pregnant with my child, that would be it between us.”
“How would anyone know it was you?” After a few seconds, she continued, “Can’t you just say it’s not your child?”
“No, I can’t lie to her. Even if I tried, she’d see right through me. We’re done.”
“You really love her, don’t you?” He said nothing, but she could tell. “Okay, listen to me. So you don’t have to lie, I’ll tell you something: Mr. Owens, this is not your child, and how dare you presume to ask me whether it is!”
“Great, thanks,” he said, still downcast. “I’ll try that, but I’m afraid it won’t work.”
“Why not? You can look her right in the eye and tell her exactly what I said without lying. Or send her to see me, and I’ll tell her it’s not yours.”
“Okay.” As he was leaving, he said, “Can I come to see the baby when he’s born?”
“Of course. Any time you want.” She kissed him on the cheek.
This was a lot to take in for the eighteen-year-old boy. He was going to be a father. It was disconcerting that he couldn’t treasure the concept. And if Kristen found out … He walked around the block four times practicing what he would say and how he would say it.
In the meantime, Kristen sat in her chair, looking out the window, fretting about the news her boyfriend would bring her. Finally the doorbell rang. Kristen answered, led him to her room and closed the door. “Well?” she said anxiously.
“Um, she is pregnant.”
Kristen went pale. “It’s yours isn’t it?”
“I asked her that,” the tense man responded. He looked directly in her eyes and said, “She said it was not my child, and how dare I presume to ask.”
Kristen looked askance at him. “Are you telling me the truth? It’s strange, I can’t tell.”
“Yes, I swear I’m telling the truth. Go ask her yourself, if you please.”
“I may just do that.” Though unconvinced, she changed the subject. “For now, I’ll let it go. I have an idea for where we can go from here. How about a nice lunch at the restaurant in the village on Saturday?”
“Sounds good. What time?”
“I’ll meet you there at noon.”
“See you there.” He tried to kiss her, but she turned her head; she was still suspicious and resentful and wanted to convey her displeasure. He left and called Kim to warn her to expect a possible visit from Kristen. Then he ruminated about being a father. He wondered what his son would be like. I hope he’s healthy and happy and smart and handsome. Just as long as he’s not gay or socialist. Or Arab.
Robert dropped by that evening and asked Kristen to accompany him down to the river. Feeling that Kristen had been distant with him that afternoon, he wanted to recreate the magic they’d felt the night of their long kiss in the river in early autumn. This evening, though, was windy and cool; thick clouds shrouded the setting sun and the crescent moon. It took some convincing, but she finally got her coat and walked with him.
Down to the river they went as the gloom gathered. They stood together in awkward silence, looking at the turbid water. Kristen, having considered further his denial about fathering Kim’s child and finding it wanting, was cooler than the weather. She was about to demand they go home when a thundering crack broke the silence. A majestic—though long dead—ash tree decided at the behest of a wicked gust that now was as good a time as any to crash to the ground. The couple instinctively crouched clutching each other as the tree pressed toward the earth. The closest branches landed not three feet to either side of them.
After a few seconds she let go and became angry with him for forcing her to walk in the woods on such a forbidding evening. The path home obliterated, they had no choice but to forge a new trail through a thicket of hawthorn and buckthorn trees. Upset about his escapade with another woman, she insisted he go east around the hindrance, while she went west. He knew she was angry and knew why, but sought to talk her out of going her own way. Thinking Dominic never caused her this much pain, she remained adamant and they separated. After they were apart for a short time, she got frightened and second-guessed her impulse. She called to him, but he was by then beyond earshot.
He was caught up in a thorny situation in the thicket. As he carefully meandered through small openings defended by menacing spikes, he came across a wasps’ nest that had been dislodged from its mooring. The angry denizens were quick to drub the invader whom they held responsible. He ran headlong into a nasty hawthorn and through a patch of stinging nettle, and emerged bloody, swollen, and enraged. Finally, he groped his way through to the path home.
Kristen, who was getting panicky waiting for him, ran to him. Unscathed herself, she saw that he was cut and swollen all over. She winced and sincerely apologized, but it was his turn to be angry and aloof. He walked away without looking back, thinking Jennifer never caused him this much pain. She followed, afraid to say anything to him. Finally, at her house, she stood in front of him with a sweet, loving look that begged forgiveness.
Mindful of his guilt in the matter that caused her resentment, he let go of his anger. Mindful of his growing ardor for her, he took her outstretched hand, pulled her close, and kissed her, and the escapade ended on a propitious yet uncertain note.

Chapter Sixteen

Crashing Down

The weather that spring had been lovely. By early June, it seemed as if summer was already two months old. But summer seemed to end with summer solstice still three weeks away. A series of lows swept across southwestern Ontario, bringing almost uninterrupted blustery, wet, cold weather for the next four months. Spring was summer, and summer was fall. Spring abounded with promise, but summer dashed it all.
Kristen was getting ready for her date late Saturday morning when Dominic dropped by unexpectedly. He’d been calling her regularly to try to lure her back to him. Just the evening before, he’d begged her to see him for lunch the next day for something of vital importance, but she’d said she had a lunch date with Robert. He showed up anyway, and she tried to turn him away, but he pleaded for a few minutes of her time, so they went down by the river in a drizzle. There he produced a two and a half carat diamond engagement ring and adjured, “Marry me, Kristen. I’ll give you the kind of life a woman like you deserves. You’ll have everything you could ever want.”
Shocked, she said, “Oh, Dominic, thank you for your kind offer. I’m flattered, I really am, but I can’t accept it. I’m very sorry.”
“You’re turning me down for that bum?” he asked.
“I’m sorry to hurt you, but I’m in love with him.”
He showed his pain and disappointment. Not wanting to leave him so upset, she stayed to talk with him a while. She phoned the restaurant to ask them to get the message to a Robert Owens that she was delayed, but that everything was okay, and she’d be there soon. The person who answered said okay, but got doing something else, and forgot all about it.
At the restaurant, Robert had been busy ogling an exquisite young woman who was sitting across from him, crossing her legs to show off an impressive share of her comestible thighs. His initial impression of a girl hadn’t been so favorable since he first laid eyes on Jennifer: she was spectacular! She appeared to be attracted to him as well. Their glances progressed to short gazes then to staring and smiling. He was a touch reticent, mindful of Kristen. The woman, on the other hand, was brazen.
Approaching his table, she said, “Is anyone sitting here?” with a slight blush that only enhanced her splendor.
“No,” he replied, pulling out a chair for the lady.
She sat and said, “I’m not usually this forward, but I must confess I find you irresistible. What’s your name?”
“Bob. And may I ask the name of the ravishing lady who is, uh, you?” he said, nerves interfering with his ability to communicate. Christ, I didn’t just say that did I? he asked himself.
“I’m Ashley.”
He couldn’t take his eyes off hers. She, too, seemed entranced. Ashley asked a passing waitress to bring a pitcher of beer. Their conversation warmed as the beer quickly disappeared. She eagerly played the seductress, beginning the role subtly by crossing and uncrossing her long legs, slowly running her hands over them as he watched, leaning toward him to show off her cleavage, smiling at him and giggling demurely at his witticisms. By the end of the pitcher, depravity had supplanted subtlety. She was sitting next to him, almost on top of him, running her hands over his legs, smiling invitingly at him and guffawing at everything he said, whether or not it was funny.
He kept looking at the door worried Kristen would enter and see what was going on, but he was so conquered by lust, he couldn’t defend himself from Ashley. As time passed, he thought maybe she stood him up, which furnished a handy excuse for his conduct with another woman.
“Do you live near here?” she asked, breathing hard in his ear.
“Just around the block,” he answered in kind.
“Let’s go,” she commanded, as if ready to burst with desire. They drove to his house, and within minutes had begun to fulfill their mutual desires.
Meanwhile, Dominic at last dropped Kristen off at the restaurant, just before one o’clock. He declaimed, “I love you, Kristen. I’ll take you back the minute you realize what a nothing he is. My offer of marriage stands.”
She said goodbye. Not finding Robert there, she jogged over to his house. The drizzle intensified into a steady rain; the wind picked up. There being no answer at the door, she went to his window. Suspicious over heavy breathing, she anxiously went to the front door, opened it, and went to his room.
Words are powerless to convey the full depth of emotions that inundated the scene in his bedroom. Kristen was beside herself with rage, jealousy, and anguish. “You bastard!” she bellowed to her betrayer. She cried so hard she shook all over. The glare she gave to Ashley would have petrified Medusa. “How could you?” she screamed to Robert. “I hate you! I never want to see you again!”
Robert hadn’t felt this awful since he was eight years old. He had broken his oath and her heart, and wanted to cry for what he’d done. “Krissy, please!” he implored as she fled. He couldn’t follow her in his unadorned state. What could he say to her anyway? He couldn’t see her ever forgiving him this sin and felt sick for what would be the end of their relationship.
This heartrending scene brought to you by man’s unquenchable libido and his continuing struggle to satisfy it, and by woman’s unending quest to domesticate it, to placate it, and ultimately to subjugate it.
*
Ashley, feeling awkward, got dressed and left. She drove down the road a few miles to meet Dominic. “Mission accomplished,” she trumpeted, smiling at him.
“She caught the two of you in the act?” he said.
“Yes, just after one o’clock as we arranged. She ran out screaming she never wanted to see him again.” He returned the smile and gave Toronto’s most gorgeous call girl the second installment of five thousand dollars he’d promised if she succeeded. She went back to the city after a brief stop at a hotel to earn a diamond-encrusted brooch from Dominic. “See you next week at the usual time,” he said.
*
Vengeance. Even the word is ugly. Kristen had to make Robert pay for his treachery. But how? Merely leaving him wasn’t enough. He hadn’t even phoned to try to beg her forgiveness: he had determined that a cooling-off period was the best tactic, especially since he was too scared to face her. She began by erasing his rendition of “Night and Day” from her computer, proceeded to rip up all the pictures she had of him, and disposed of keepsakes she had of him—including his drawing of the island she’d found so comical yet sad. She secretly hoped he would try to win her back with the magnificent gesture of a marriage proposal on his knees, but only so she could demolish him with a decisive rebuff. She’d come full circle; she considered him unworthy of her.
But how to make him pay, really pay? Why not? she thought. Accepting Dominic’s marriage proposal would make me a millionaire instead of a pauper. This was never of any moment to her—and, besides, the sky was the limit for Robert as far as she had been concerned—but in her grief and fury, she wasn’t thinking straight, for whenever reason and passion collide, reason gets carried away insensible on a stretcher while passion points and laughs. He’s probably going to end up in jail, she convinced herself. And Dominic is so much better looking. What a triumph it would be to announce to her erstwhile love her engagement to Dominic.
She accepted Dominic’s proposal.
When Robert at length mustered the courage to come and ask for Kristen’s mercy, she delighted in destroying him. She saw him coming and went to the window overlooking the front door. She opened it and snarled, “Don’t bother ringing the bell, you can’t come in,” in a tone so cold it froze his blood and stopped his heart. He looked up at her. Like a new moon, her shine was gone, something gargantuan between them shadowing her countenance.
“Please, Krissy, forgive me,” he supplicated.
Out of the blue, her tone turned torrid; she thrust her fist with the huge diamond engagement ring out the window and exclaimed, “Do you see this?” Though it stopped a dozen feet from his face, it tore right through him.
He staggered back a step, his feverish blood burning his neck and face. He eventually choked out, “Dominic?”
“Yes,” she declared.
“You can’t do this! You don’t love him. You’re too young to get married. You’re just doing this to get back at me!” he said, eyes beginning to water.
“How dare you presume to tell me that I would take the most significant step of my life just to get back at you! You arrogant jerk. We’re getting married on October second,” she announced to make it all the more concrete.
“I made a mistake. I’m human,” he tried.
“Your final mistake. You will never again break my heart. On October second, I’ll be Mrs. Solano.”
“Don’t do this, Krissy,” he beseeched, nose beginning to run. “It’s the biggest mistake of your life!” Then he paused, swallowed and blurted out, “I’ll marry you if you want!” words she’d have given anything to hear just last week.
“No! You’ve proved beyond all doubt that you don’t love me, and that you can never be trusted. I can never love you again. Leave!” As he left, she detected his chin quivering and saw him wipe his eyes after his back was turned. She knew she had devastated him and savored it. Oh, delectable vengeance, thou art ugly, but most satisfying nonetheless.
But not for long. Had she really accepted the hand of a man she didn’t love just for revenge? Had she really rejected the hand of the man she did love just for revenge? But how could she let Robert get away with what he did? How could she accept an offer of marriage from a man who wouldn’t profess his love for her? And how could she ever trust him? Marrying him would surely end up in heartbreak as far as she was concerned.
Nevertheless, she would long rue the day she rejected his offer.
Robert left Kristen’s house in shock. After he turned the corner and was sure she couldn’t see him, he ran home in the driving rain. He had to get there before the coming wave of emotion could pour out of him. He held back until he reached his room, when his profound sadness incited weeping unlike he’d experienced since age eight.
Having had to deal with calamity at such a young age, and being of penetrating mind, Robert had faced the timeless questions about the meaning of life much earlier than most. For him, God died in the plane crash with his family, and in a godless universe the futility of existence seemed manifest. Why is everyone so worried about all their petty little problems? he asked himself every time something went wrong and he strained to cope with adversity. Most of them don’t even know what a real problem is. And even real problems amount to nothing in the end, so why worry? Of what significance is losing a girlfriend when we all just die anyway? So what if she’s chosen him over me? What could it possibly matter? Nothing matters. I couldn’t care less about her, he concluded, with tears pouring out of his eyes.
*
Kristen’s father was outraged at the news of the betrothal and informed his daughter he would not permit the union. “This is beyond the pale! You’re far too young,” Bill roared. “Even if you were of age, I don’t like Dominic, and I don’t trust him. You’re a brilliant girl. So what could possibly possess you to do this idiotic thing? You will not marry him!”
Her mother was in shock. “You can’t do this, Krissy. You’re not thinking clearly. I know Bobby hurt you, but this isn’t the way to handle the situation. You don’t even love Dominic, do you?” Kristen looked at the floor. “I know how deep your love for Bobby was. In time you may forgive him. What then?” She ran to her room crying.
The Solano family had an excellent reputation. Dominic’s father wanted him to marry a fine young woman—and there was none finer in the land—to uphold that reputation and provide him with some grandsons. His reward would be a mansion in London and all the money he wanted to satisfy his every caprice, and he gets a showpiece wife to raise his kids, keep his house, and cheat on.
Dominic perceived in his betrothed a cool aspect after she’d had her denouement with Robert. He believed that she continued to harbor strong feelings for this Owens fellow. He discovered her crying twice during the week after she’d accepted his proposal; he didn’t know about all the other times. Dominic prepared a contingency plan.
“We’ll frame the sucker,” he said to his personal thug, Finch. “We’ll plant this, uh, diamond necklace and this cocaine in his pockets. We just need to get him to come over here.”
“How are you going to plant that stuff on him, and get him to come to us?” asked the lackey.
“Leave it to me. I’ll make sure Kristen is here Saturday morning. We’ll get him to come at, uh, ten-thirty. When he arrives, he’ll already have the stuff planted in his pockets. We’ll set some other necklaces on the table in front of that, uh, security camera there and you’ll invite him to admire them while you get Kristen. If he takes one or more, we’ve got him. If not we should be able to get, uh, McGee to do some special effects on his computer to make it look like he stole one. Plus, there’s still the plant.”
Dealing with problems is easy when one is encumbered with money and unencumbered with a conscience.
Robert, though suspicious, took the bait. He couldn’t pass up the opportunity for reconciliation with Kristen. He arrived at ten-thirty the next Saturday. Finch dutifully led Robert over to the necklaces. Robert was tempted, but knew there were security cameras, so he left the necklaces alone. Leaving Robert there, Finch went to inform Kristen that a young gentleman had come calling, then he left to get Dominic.
Now profoundly regretting her impetuous decision to accept Dominic’s proposal, she’d been fretting about how to break off the engagement when a visitor was announced, and was relieved, but curious about whom it might be. She was shocked to see Robert at the home of her fiancé.
“What are you doing here?”
“What do you mean?” returned our now confused protagonist.
“I told you we’re through.”
“But I thought you wanted me to … Dammit, I shouldn’t have believed … I have a bad feeling about this.” Finch returned with Dominic. Robert put on his jacket—it was a cool, wet, early June morning—and went to leave before something else inexplicable happened, but he was too late.
“What the hell are you doing in my house?” said the master of the house. Just then, a policeman showed up.
“Stop where you are,” ordered the cop. Robert obeyed, protesting he’d done nothing wrong. “Empty your pockets,” continued the officer. He reached into his left jacket pocket and pulled out the necklace and a small packet of cocaine.
“I’ve never seen this stuff before,” he contended. “I have no idea how it got there.” The officer slapped handcuffs on him. Robert insisted that he was framed. Finch, however, invited the officer to the back room with the surveillance tapes, where McGee had just finished doctoring the evidence. Dominic brought Kristen back to the same room, and they played a tape that showed the alleged perpetrator crossing in front of four diamond necklaces. Once he passed, there were three. Kristen and the police officer saw this and could testify so. The tape made it look to the naked eye as if Robert was guilty, though it wouldn’t have fooled any professional. It would have been evident that the fourth necklace was erased electronically.
They gave the video, the wrong video, to the police officer for evidence. The real one, they destroyed. They could say it was an honest mistake. The testimony of those who saw the video along with being caught with the drugs and necklace should be enough.
“The tape’s a fake!” shrieked our chump. “Say something, Krissy. You know I don’t take drugs. Krissy, please!” Kristen was disconsolate and none too disposed to believing her turncoat. She turned to leave, shaking her head. “Think about it: how did there happen to be a cop here?” She looked to Dominic for an explanation.
“We called the police when we found graffiti on the wall surrounding the grounds,” explained Dominic. “Owens probably did that, too.” Kristen walked away, head lowered and weeping.
“Krissy!” Robert yelled, but she was gone. The perp was led to the police car and charged with grand theft and possession of narcotics.
After this incredible new turn of events, Kristen’s angst about her situation grew. Her misgivings about dismissing Robert’s proposal diminished: she could not marry a criminal. Yet seeing Robert led away in handcuffs grieved her so much, she realized what strong feelings she still had for him.
Her misgivings about accepting Dominic’s proposal grew: she couldn’t marry a man she did not love. Yet she didn’t want to break his heart. How to let him down easily? Dominic invited her to his father’s new house on the French Riviera for the summer. She declined, saying she needed to be in London to plan the wedding properly. He went alone, though he seldom spent the night alone that summer. His absence allowed her to put off the uncomfortable issue until his return in early September.
Lisa was dismayed by the news of Robert’s arrest. She’d thought he had overcome his untoward behavior with the help of her daughter. Bill greeted the news with his once-a-crook-always-a-crook attitude.
Kristen was convinced she’d both overestimated her ability to turn the troubled lad around and underestimated his proclivity toward evil. Given what she knew about his history of theft and the evidence she saw, she had no doubt he’d stolen the necklace. What she couldn’t figure out was the illegal drugs. Robert had always been fiercely against them. Maybe he’d fooled her in that respect, too, she thought, but it was hard to believe. It was the drugs that sowed in her seeds of doubt about the whole incident as she pondered it over the summer while the trial was pending.
Kim posted bail, and he returned home to finish the last two weeks of high school, and to help prepare his defense. When through school, the eighteen-year-old was no longer eligible for foster care. He moved out of the Kriegers’ house and in with Kim until the trial was over. He left the Kriegers’ with everything he owned, all packed into his trunk: a few articles of clothing, a baseball glove, and the disarrayed remnants of his dead family. Kristen’s picture he had placed inside; he hadn’t given up hope for her yet.
He stayed in the guest room, the almost full-term pregnant woman not welcoming any bunkmates. Kim offered to pay for a defense attorney so he didn’t have to rely on a public defender, and he accepted, but vowed to pay her back from his trust fund as soon as he turned nineteen. Unfortunately, neither Kim nor he knew anything about lawyers. They asked around, and one was recommended. He turned out to be mediocre, pushing the innocent man hard to accept a plea bargain offered by the prosecutor. He would plead guilty, and the prosecutor would recommend a lenient sentence of three months because it was his first conviction. As he was innocent, Robert refused. The case went to court, and he was represented by a man who seemed convinced of his guilt.
In July, Kim gave birth to a healthy eight-pound, nine-ounce boy, Brian Robert Arnold, with the father in attendance. It was a happy event—Kim was overjoyed once her twenty-one-hour labor was behind her—but it led to depressing thoughts in the young man facing jail. What would his son think of an ex-con for his father? He felt guilty about a lack of love for the boy, not realizing that a father’s love doesn’t automatically start the minute he sees his child; it grows naturally as the two interact over time. Even so, Robert was reluctant to develop an attachment to the infant, given that he might be forced apart from him shortly, and that his loved ones tended to die.
In August, Robert made a difficult call to the scout for the Minnesota Twins to tell them he was interested in signing a contract right away, but that he was in “minor trouble with the law.” The scout told him to work out his troubles first. After the call, he sat there in a daze; he felt as if his entire future was crumbling.
“Life is a fetid cesspool of unbearable and unceasing misery,” he apprised Kim with a matter-of-fact tone. Ten months ago she would have agreed, but now nursing their flawless son, she could no longer concur.
There was one more hope for his future, however. He was, of course, still playing baseball, and doing so superlatively. He got his team to the Ontario Baseball Association championship playoffs, and was hoping a scout for another team would sign him, but, coursing through the putrid swamp of life, his last hope foundered as it ran aground on the great reef of ineptitude, and plunged him into the mire.
In the last inning of the first game, playing center field—for the team was saving his arm for the tougher competition to come—he got ejected when he argued a bad call with the umpires. The ball was hit so far over his head it looked like the game winner as the tying and winning runs sprinted toward home, but he somehow chased it down and made a marvelous catch diving toward the center field fence. It should have been the last out of the game, but the umpire, not having seen the catch, ruled the play safe, thereby costing Robert’s team the victory. Robert argued stridently, pointing out that the ball was in his glove. The field umpire said the ball may have bounced before he caught it, and the plate umpire stood by his colleague.
Robert declared, “You didn’t need to see it, you stupid bastard. Just think about it. How could anyone trap a ball that’s going away from him?” They found his line of reasoning unflattering, determined that their authority extended to overthrowing the laws of physics, and threw him out of the tournament. That ended his team’s prospects, his Little League baseball career, and his hopes of getting seen by a scout.


Chapter Seventeen

Trial

The Friday before Labor Day, the trial commenced. Of course, the major bone of contention was the empty video tape that supposedly proved indubitably his guilt. His defense attorney focused on it for the early part of the trial in a perfunctory way. He never got to the bottom of it, leaving the jury with the impression that it was probably an honest mistake because Robert’s fingerprints were on the jewels and cocaine packet, and there were witnesses to the original videotape: one, an honest, if obtuse, cop who had the wool pulled over his eyes; the other an ex-girlfriend. The cop testified as to what he saw on the tape and what he found in the defendant’s pocket. That ended the first day in court. The trial would resume in five days.
Seeing the handwriting on the wall, Robert again called the acquaintance about the bank job, and again he came over with the computer. Robert had told him last time that he couldn’t do it. This time he told him he thought he figured out how it could be done. He intended to steal as much as he could. If the fuckers are going to put me in jail for something I didn’t do, by God I’m going to earn the time. When I get out, I’ll be a rich man, he convinced himself. For four days, he worked hard to figure out a way of transferring funds into his accounts that he set up so it couldn’t be traced back to him. He worked out the scheme and tested it on a small scale with a hundred dollars. The pilot worked. He waited a day to see if there was any notice taken of the security breach.
In the midst of all this, Kristen began university the day after Labor Day. With all the upheaval in her life, she decided to stay at home to begin university, taking medical sciences at Western.
The trial recommenced Wednesday with Dominic taking the stand. The handsome man made eyes at the female jurists and weaved an impressive string of compelling lies together that had several female jurists nodding their heads. He left directly after testifying, off to meet his new gal, but not before kissing Kristen in front of the defeated man. Judy, much amused at Robert’s predicament, left shortly thereafter. Physical evidence and motives were next considered. That ended day two.
With no sign that his withdrawal from the bank had been detected, Robert set up the real run. Just the push of a button and he’d be a millionaire. As his finger approached the mouse to push the button, he hesitated.
Just the push of a button and I’ll be a major criminal.
He decided to sleep on it.
Lying in bed, he remembered a key event from his childhood. He was six and had stolen a chocolate bar from a corner store. His mother, who caught him eating it, had been so saddened and disappointed in her son that she wouldn’t even talk to him, except to say, “Just wait till your father gets home!”
His father, irate that his son would stoop to such levels, spanked him. It was the one time he could recall his father hitting him. He made young Bobby return to the store with a written apology and payment from his piggy bank. He was grounded for a month. Never again would he do anything bad, he decided then. He couldn’t face that look in their eyes again.
He looked at the ceiling as he contemplated what he intended to do in the morning, and a tear fell from his eye. How ashamed my parents would be of me, he thought. He couldn’t go through with it the next morning, placing his hope on a change of fortune at the trial. Maybe Kristen would save the day.
Kristen had spent many a sleepless night leading up to the trial. A witness for the prosecution, she wasn’t permitted to see Robert during the summer and had no desire to through June and July. As the summer wore on, though, her wrath and anguish ebbed, and her love for him roused from its coma. Through loving eyes, his innocence seemed obvious.
He’s too smart to steal in that circumstance, and he would never have anything to do with drugs.
Her sole cause for misgivings was the videotape; she saw what she saw on it. When it turned out the one held by the police was blank, however, she became convinced she’d been fooled. It was just too suspicious. She thought again about the cop just happening to be there. That now seemed like an unlikely coincidence to her. The suggestion that he was responsible for the graffiti was dubious, since it showed some evidence of artistic talent, of which Robert possessed none.
By the time she was to testify, she believed he’d been framed. But what was she to do? Lie on the stand? That would go against everything the Taylors believed in. Truth and justice were inseparable concepts to the Taylor family, though enough of Robert’s cynicism had rubbed off on Kristen that she had her doubts. She raised her concerns with her father, but it was black and white to him: simply tell the truth. Lying on the stand was out of the question. That would be both immoral and illegal.
So Kristen stated through a curtain of tears what she saw, hoping that the truth would somehow lead to justice. She kept glancing at Robert and, if he was looking at her, would whisper, “I’m sorry.” She tried to say he was incapable of this, but was cut off by the prosecutor. In response to the prosecutor’s opening question about what she had seen on the video, she began with a shaky voice, “On the video, Bobby … um … Mr. Owens was looking at the necklaces … I’m sorry.”
“Take a minute to calm yourself, Miss Taylor,” suggested the judge.
“I don’t think he would—”
“Miss Taylor,” interrupted the prosecutor, “Please keep to the facts alone.”
“Um, there were four necklaces before he passed in front of them … I’m sorry … then there were three,” she said as a tear fell to her cheek. “I’m sorry,” she again whispered across the courtroom to the accused. He looked at her with disgust. She felt sick.
“Did you conclude then that Mr. Owens had taken the necklace?” said the prosecutor. Kristen, looking at Robert, hesitated. He returned a solemn stare, begging her not to betray him.
“Miss Taylor, answer the question,” directed the judge.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered again to the accused. She looked down and answered, “Yes.” Her eyes darted from the floor to his dejected face then back down.
“And tell the jury what you saw Mr. Owens take from his pocket.”
“Um,” Kristen said, still looking at the floor and shaking all over, “the … the necklace.”
“And what else?” She looked at Robert again. He, too, was looking down.
“Miss Taylor, calm yourself and answer the question,” instructed the judge.
“A bag of white powder, but he would never—”
“Miss Taylor, just answer the question and stay away from speculation please,” warned the prosecutor.
But she just had to get this point in regardless of what the prosecutor and judge thought. “He would never take drugs!”
“Miss Taylor!” reprimanded the prosecutor.
“Miss Taylor,” admonished the judge. “Keep this up and I’ll hold you in contempt.” She kept looking at Robert until he eventually returned a glance. Hoping for forgiveness, Kristen saw only acrimony in his eyes, which started her sobbing.
“Please relax,” the prosecutor told Kristen. “Only one more question, Miss Taylor. You told us that Mr. Owens has a history of thievery.” She glanced at Robert, who reacted with shock. He closed his eyes, issued a plaintive sigh, and slowly lowered his head. In his mind, her betrayal was complete. Knowing what he must be thinking, she, too, lowered her head and put her hands over her face. Her whole body trembled with grief.
Everyone observing the wretched girl pitied her. She had her mother, father, brother, Kim, many observers, and half the jury in tears. Ironically, her deportment proved disastrous for the defendant. How could a woman who obviously loves a man so much lie to frame him? She couldn’t, so he must have done what she said he did. Thus reasoned the twelve people on the jury as they observed Kristen.
“Objection, Your Honor,” interrupted the defense lawyer. “My client has never been convicted of anything.”
“Overruled. I’ll allow the question,” decided the judge.
“Miss Taylor, you told us you found Mr. Owens in possession of a stolen stereo and a stolen bike.”
Her mother was surprised at this news and became convinced of his guilt of the current charges.
“Yes, but he returned—”
“Miss Taylor, just answer the question. Let the record show the witness answered in the affirmative. No further questions of this witness, Your Honor,” concluded the prosecutor.
“Does the defense have any questions?” the judge asked the defender.
“Just one, Your Honor. Miss Taylor, is it possible that your testimony against the defendant is colored by your anger against him for cheating on you?”
“No! I could never do that to him. I only answered the questions truthfully. You know that, don’t you? Bobby?” He looked away, and her crying resumed. The defense lawyer tried to question her honesty again, but Kristen’s emotional insistence that she was incapable of lying to ruin him made it clear the defense strategy had backfired. The prosecutor, sensing this, didn’t object. Robert’s lawyer took his seat, told himself the case was lost, and worried about his reputation.
“That completes the witness list,” announced the judge.
“No!” shouted the defendant. “Your Honor, this blockhead isn’t taking my defense seriously! There’s been no serious cross-examination about what happened to the tape. Was it erased or did Solano’s henchmen give them a blank one, knowing that the tape they showed to these idiots couldn’t withstand scrutiny? Either the officer and the defender are in on it or they’re fools.”
“Mr. Owens,” boomed the judge, sensitive to the slightest drop of discourtesy, though not to the greatest wave of injustice, “keep quiet. How dare you accuse our police and justice system of vice or incompetence. You are the one on trial here,” he said. “The court has considered the tape. The jury knows about it and will weigh it in making their decisions. The witness is excused.” Kristen knew she had damned him and wept so hard she had to be helped from the stand.
“Your Honor, please listen,” Robert pleaded. “He hasn’t even called Judy Gilmour to the stand. She’s the one who called me and told me Miss Taylor wanted to see me. She drove me to Solano’s house. I’m sure she’s the one who planted the—”
“Mr. Owens, silence! It’s your attorney’s responsibility to mount your defense. If he hasn’t raised it, he must not consider it compelling or credible.”
“She had a good alibi,” explained the defense attorney to Robert who shook his head in disgust.
Kristen was shocked at his revelation. If true, it had so many nasty implications. Why would she do it? What would she have to gain? Oh, no, Kristen said to herself, concluding the obvious. It’s the only way it all makes sense. Judy loves Dominic!
Both prosecution and defense rested. Final arguments were to be presented the next morning. Robert went home determined to push the mouse button to effect the transfer of funds. Standing at the computer, he put his finger on the button. Again he held back. There was a good chance Kristen had mentioned it to the prosecutor. More importantly, his conscience was in revolt. I’ll sleep on it again, he thought.
That night he had the most realistic dream of his life. He was trying to push the button, but his mother, father and sister were holding his arm back.
“Bobby, this is wrong. Don’t do this!” begged his mother.
“If you do this, you are no longer my son!” roared his father.
“No, Bobby!” pleaded his sister.
“Everything will be all right in the end if you stay good,” promised his mother.
He awoke in a cold sweat. He went to the computer, erased all traces of his work and shut it off. In the morning, he called his acquaintance and told him it couldn’t be done, that the security system was much better than he’d thought.
*
Closing arguments were a formality. The defense’s final declaration was unconvincing: “Ladies and gentlemen, does this look like a drug addict to you? I think not. The blank tape should raise alarm bells about the credibility of the entire case presented by the prosecution. They dismissed it as an accident, but at the very minimum, it raises reasonable doubt about my client’s guilt. I ask you to keep in mind that the accused has no criminal record in spite of having a very hard life after his parents died.”
The prosecutor began his summary by calling the case open and shut.
“Yeah, opened and shut in a blink because you didn’t want the jury to see it was empty,” quipped Robert.
“Order in my court,” rebuked the judge. “Keep your comments to yourself. You’ll only make things worse for yourself.”
The prosecutor continued with his summary, highlighting the damaging evidence against the accused, noting in particular “the heartfelt testimony of the woman who dearly loved him.” He concluded, “The accused bore a grudge against the victim. He loved Miss Taylor and wanted revenge against the man who won her hand. He was destitute and needed money. The motives were clear. He had the opportunity, and he took advantage of it as our witnesses testified. He was found in possession of cocaine, which is also a felony. ‘I was framed,’ is the cry of nearly every criminal that passes through this august chamber. Do not fall for it, ladies and gentlemen of the jury. Teach this young man and others like him a lesson that he can’t get away with these crimes.”
The judge instructed the jury to leave and deliberate.
Now the ex could be supposed to hold a grudge and lie about him, but her continual bouts with tears showed a fervid love for the accused. No woman would lie to send a man she still loved to jail. And he must be a fiend to have so grieved such a precious young creature. This was the deliberation the jury held among themselves for a good five minutes before concluding that he was as guilty as the devil.
The court reconvened to hear the verdict. The accused was instructed to stand as the foreman read the verdict. On the charge of grand theft: “Guilty.” On the charge of drug possession: “Guilty.” Though he expected the verdict, when it came, he sank to his seat in disbelief. Kristen went cold with the news; she sat there in a daze. Kim started to cry.
Robert lashed out at Kristen as her mother led her away. “You betrayed me!” he hollered. “You were in on it with him, weren’t you? You and Judy. You all set me up. The day I met you was the worst day in my life! I’ll hate you till the day I die!”
“No, Bobby, please don’t hate me!” Kristen wailed. “I only told the truth. I didn’t set you up, please believe me! I didn’t know about Judy.” She ran to him to beg his understanding, but he pushed her away. “Please forgive me. I love you!” she said as she again approached him.
“This is what you do to the person you love? Get out of my life!” She was certain he was going to strike her, so fierce were his eyes. Seeing nothing but hatred and anger there, she meekly awaited the blow, willing to play the martyr to assuage her guilt, the guilt of a woman who had told a truth that had condemned the man she loved.
He didn’t hit her; he couldn’t, even in his rage, for despite all, he loved her. The rage buried it, but could not kill it. Love would rise again, but to what avail? With Bill interceding and the bailiffs applying handcuffs, Robert was restrained. Kristen flung herself at Robert again and held fast against his repulses.
“Let go of me!” the furious man screamed. “I’ll get you back for framing me!” he yelled, conscious that the threat was empty.
“No, I didn’t know anything about it,” she shrieked. “I could never do that to you. I love you.” Finally, her frightened mother forced the lachrymose girl to leave.
Before he was led away, Robert asked to speak to Bill. “You’re a smart man. You must suspect something underhanded in all this. They set me up, and a good cop should be able to prove it without much trouble. I’m asking you to investigate this mess.”
“It’s not in my jurisdiction,” he replied coolly.
“I don’t give a shit about jurisdiction. I know you hate me, but you’re a fair man. Please check out Judy’s alibi. She’s the weak link. She must be doing this for Dominic. She must love him. This case affects your daughter and your son. I swear to God, if you don’t help me, I’ll take matters into my own hands when I get out, and your daughter may get caught up in the mess.”
“Don’t you threaten my daughter!”
“Solano will pay for this, and if his wife-to-be was in on it, so will she.”
Bill left without saying anything else. Robert was taken away. Sentencing would come presently.
*
“Hey Gertrude, they got another drug dealer off the streets,” observed Mr. Carlton. “I hope that scum rots in jail. Bring me a beer.”
*
At Kim’s, he’d left his trunk containing everything he owned: a few articles of clothing, his glove, and the disarrayed remnants of his dead family. He’d disposed of Kristen’s photo.
The anguish Robert suffered during those first days in jail was abysmal. It took a day or two for the magnitude of his downfall to sink in. He had lost Kristen forever to his arch nemesis. He’d lost his freedom. He’d lost his chance to go to university on a baseball scholarship, and he knew the Twins would never be interested in him now. A criminal record meant no future chance at a scholarship or any good job. Everything was gone. He had even shamed the family name. His son would grow up ashamed of his own father.
“Mom, why didn’t you make me go with you?” he cried into his pillow.
Dominic and Judy, the two people he hated most, had routed him; that was bad enough. That the one person he loved had helped them do it was heartbreaking. I fell in love again and look what happened. Will I never learn?
He paced his cell, thinking of Kristen, and moaned, “How could she do this to me?”; quaked with rage, thinking of Dominic, and punched his bed, yelling, “I’ll get that fucker if it’s the last thing I do!”; and looked forlornly through the bars and said, “God, what did I do to make you hate me so much?”
Kristen lay in bed, looking at the ceiling, imagining her true love in despair, thinking of a gloomy future without him, cowering under his ire toward her—and begged, “God please bring him back to me!” She went to play his version of “Night and Day” and recalled with woe that she had deleted it. Frantically checking her CDs, she found a copy of the song, restored it to her computer, and listened to it over and over. All her pictures and other mementoes of him were gone, however.
How could it have come to this? she asked herself again and again.
When Kristen heard about Judy’s role in the crime, all her doubts about Robert’s innocence and Dominic’s guilt vanished. She’d wanted to break off the engagement before, but now convinced of her fiancé’s guilt in the matter, she concluded it was an absolute necessity.
After the conviction, Kristen went to see Robert, but he refused to leave his cell to see her. She said, “Tell him I have good news.” She was going to tell him she wouldn’t marry Dominic.
“I’m sorry, ma’am, he got violent when we mentioned your name,” the guard informed her. She left despondent.
She wrote several times, but each letter came back unopened. Convinced from their last interaction that Bill had refused to help him, Robert wouldn’t see him either when he attempted to visit. Desperate to communicate with him, Kristen went to see Kim, whom she knew had been to see him in jail just after the trial.
“Hi, I’m Kristen Taylor,” she said when Kim came to the door.
“Come in. It’s miserable out again. Snow flurries in September. Unbelievable. What can I do for you?”
“I know you’ve been to see Bobby in jail. He won’t see me. He won’t accept my letters. I can’t get in touch with him at all,” she said, head downcast. “You’ve been speaking to him. What has he said about me?”
“You don’t want to know. The pain is still too recent for him. He thinks you betrayed him. I told him I doubted that was true—if it is, you’re the best actress I’ve ever seen—but he hasn’t changed his mind.”
“I had nothing to do with it other than looking the other way when I should’ve spoken up for him. Dominic and Judy set the trap, and we both got caught. Can you please go see him, and tell him I’m not marrying Dominic? Tell him I love him and I’m so sorry.”
“I’ll try, Kristen, I will, but when I went to see him, he asked me not to return. He’s so ashamed of being there. He warned me if I came back, he wouldn’t see me.”
“I have to get the message to him! Get the guards to make him come. Lie. Tell him his baby is sick. Please. I’ll die if he goes on believing those awful things about me.”
“Who said the baby was his?” said a surprised Kim.
“I saw it in his eyes. He can’t lie to me. I don’t blame you, although he’s way too young for you.”
“I’ve been so lonely since my husband died,” Kim said sadly. “When Bob came for help that night, I was more vulnerable than he was. I was feeling so sorry for myself—I’ve never told anyone this, but I want you to understand—I was considering suicide. When he rang the doorbell, I was actually looking at a bottle of pills and thinking I could so easily end my misery. I honestly thought God sent him to me to stop me from making the biggest mistake anyone can make. Later that evening, it occurred to me: I thought, a child, my child, would give me a compelling reason to keep going, and what better man to father my child?
“He’s young, but he’s everything any woman could want. I know exactly why you love him. Please don’t blame him. I seduced him. I decided I wanted his child. He had no idea. I don’t want to marry him, and I don’t need any financial support. I just wanted a baby. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt anyone.”
“He’s hurt me so often, you know, with other women. I told him if this was his baby, we’re through, but God help me, I still love him. I wish I didn’t. My life would be so much simpler. Now I’m miserable.”
“I’ll try to get your message through to him.”
“Um, do you have a picture of Bobby I can borrow to make a copy? I kind of destroyed the ones I had when I caught him …”
Kim went to her room to get one she had taken the past summer. “You can have this one; I got double copies.” Kristen took it with thanks. In the picture, he was smiling, but looked sad to her. She ran her slender fingers over his image, then pressed it to her bosom with both hands.
As promised, Kim went to see Robert, but he rejected her visit.
*
Right after the trial, Kristen agonized through Dominic’s gloating and was sorely tempted to end the betrothal, but she reasoned she might be able to learn something to help Robert if she stayed engaged a little longer. Fortunately, soon after the trial, he left on an extended business trip to Africa. She asked her father for help and discovered he’d been furtively investigating the crime. He’d refuted Judy’s alibi and was checking into Dominic’s connections to the illegal drug trade.
“Dad,” said Kristen, “Bobby wouldn’t have made up what he said about Judy. She must be in love with Dominic. I think I can get her to spill the beans.”
“Nothing doing, young lady. This is police business, and it could get dangerous if these people are as bad as we suspect.”
“Dad, please. It’s my fault Bobby’s in jail. I have to get him out. I have to. It’s the only way we’ll ever—”
“No, Krissy. I won’t see my daughter in any danger.”
“I’m sorry, Dad, but I will not obey you this time. I have to do this, and I’ll do it with you or without you. I’ll just ask her to meet me at Dominic’s. He’s away on business in Africa. His place has cameras and microphones in it. You can be in the viewing room watching, and listening—and recording.” Bill had no choice but to submit to her wishes.
Kristen called Judy and asked her to come over for tea the next afternoon. Judy hesitated, but finally agreed. Kristen dismissed the housekeeper for the afternoon. When Judy arrived, Kristen showed her to the sitting room. The ladies sat.
“What did you want to talk about, Kristen?” Judy asked.
“I wanted to say, I know you never liked Bobby, and I guess you were right. I’m sorry I doubted you. You were trying to help me, trying to be a friend, and I dismissed you time and time again.”
The one thing Kristen couldn’t figure out was why Judy was hell-bent on getting Robert out of the picture all along. If I married Bobby, Dominic would be available for her, she reasoned. So why did she keep pushing for me to choose Dominic? Maybe early on, before she fell in love with Dominic, she was rooting for me to choose him. Later when she was in love, maybe …
It didn’t make sense. Still, it should be easy enough to determine if she loved him now.
“You didn’t believe what Owens said about me in the courtroom, did you?” said Judy.
“No, of course not. He was desperate; he would’ve said anything at the time. His lawyer would’ve pursued it if it were true. It didn’t make sense anyway. It would mean you and Dominic … No, you’re not his type.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Oh, nothing bad. He said one time … never mind. It’s not important.”
“What did he say? Kristen, tell me,” Judy ordered.
“Don’t get upset, okay?” Kristen said. Judy nodded with nervous eyes. “He said he thought you were kind of cute, but … no, it’ll hurt your feelings.”
“Tell me!” Judy insisted.
“He said he couldn’t stand you. I’m sorry, Judy.”
Tears formed in Judy’s eyes. She turned away from Kristen in an effort to hide them. A few seconds later she turned and yelled, “You’re lying. He would never say that!”
“Why are you so upset, Judy? Bobby was right, wasn’t he?” Kristen challenged. “You do love Dominic! It’s obvious. How could you? You betrayed Jeremy, Bobby and me.” Judy said nothing as her tears flowed. “You set Bobby up. You put the jewels and the cocaine in his pocket, didn’t you? And Dominic put you up to it, didn’t he?”
Judy got up and walked toward the front door. Bill, getting anxious, switched cameras to view the front hall.
“Judy, admit it!” Kristen demanded as she followed.
Judy opened the front door and walked out, with Kristen following. Bill switched to the outside camera showing the front door, but it wasn’t working. It had been a few moments earlier, he knew. This alarmed the inspector.
As Kristen walked out, she was collared by a man who put a chokehold around her. While the assailant choked Kristen, Judy walked away.
With the villain finishing Kristen off, Bill smashed him on the skull with his revolver, sending him sprawling. Kristen awoke in her concerned father’s arms. “Are you okay, honey? I’m sorry I let him hurt you.”
“I’m all right, Daddy,” she squeaked. “Don’t let her get away.” Judy had just started her car and was peeling out. Bill looked at his daughter, worried about leaving her alone. “Get that witch. He’s out cold, Dad. I’ll be okay.”
He put handcuffs on the man, told Kristen to lock herself in the house, radioed for help, ran to his car, and took off after Judy. A brief car chase ensued that would have made a lousy movie scene. The inspector nudged her off the road and into a ditch not three miles from the Solano residence. He placed her under arrest.
At the police station, Judy wasn’t cooperating. She managed to get a hold of Dominic’s lawyer, who came to the station and shut off any effective inquisition.
“You’re in real trouble, Ms Gilmour,” the prosecutor informed her. “You’ve been charged with attempted murder, planting evidence, possession of cocaine—”
“You have no evidence—” Judy started to say until her lawyer cut in.
“We have nothing to say at this point,” he said. “May I have a moment with my client?” he asked the prosecutor, the same man who’d convicted Robert. He consented and left the room, going to the observation booth to join Bill. Whispering to Judy, the lawyer told her he’d been in touch with Dominic, and had his marching orders. “They have no evidence for any charge except the most serious one. It’ll be difficult to beat the attempted murder charge. The vagrant you hired is talking.”
“I’m not taking all the blame for this mess myself,” Judy warned with volume.
“Please, Ms Gilmour, keep your voice down,” cautioned the lawyer. “Mr. Solano has asked me to represent you to the best of my ability, and I will. You must agree not to implicate him, and I will minimize the time you have to serve.”
“Serve time?” Judy said. “Get me off or I’ll talk to the police!”
“Ms Gilmour, understand this,” he whispered forcefully. “You tried to have someone murdered. You were caught red-handed. They have the person who attempted the murder, and the person he tried to murder pointing the finger at you. This had nothing to do with Mr. Solano.”
“It had everything to do with him. I did everything for us.” She waved to the one-way glass, asking the prosecutor to return.
“Ms Gilmour, I strongly advise against—”
“Shut up, ass!” she said. She knew now that Dominic planned to abandon her. As the prosecutor entered, followed by Bill, Judy claimed, “Dominic Solano put me up to it. He called me and asked me to put that stuff in Owens’s pockets.”
“Ms Gilmour!” the disgruntled lawyer roared.
“Keep quiet, sir. She has elected to speak to us,” said the prosecutor.
Judy continued, “He could tell Kristen still loved that asshole, even after she caught him with the prostitute Dominic hired, and wanted him out of the way. I didn’t want to do it. With Owens in jail, Kristen would be free to marry Dominic. Dominic told me he loved me, and it would all work out between us.
“‘How?’ I asked. ‘Just let her marry Owens, and I can marry you.’
“He said, ‘Trust me. It’s obvious Kristen is going to back out of the engagement, which is fine because I love you,’ he told me, ‘but I just can’t stand the thought that Owens will end up with her. I know you hate the thought of them being happy, too. Do this and both of them will be miserable. You’ll do this for me if you love me. I swear to you we’ll be together.’
“So I did it, hoping I could trust Dominic to keep his word. I called Owens to tell him Kristen wanted to see him.
“He didn’t trust me, of course, but I said I was doing it for Kristen, not him. Since the bum didn’t have a car, I even drove him to see her, again telling him I was doing it for Kristen. He put his jacket in between the seats. When his head was turned, I put the stuff into his jacket pocket. He just walked up to the house with his jacket folded over his arm.”
The prosecutor looked at Bill and shook his head. They had sent an innocent man to jail, they knew. “Did Solano put you up to murdering Miss Taylor?” he asked Judy.
“No. I know he lied to me. He lies to everyone. He has no intention of giving up Kristen for me. That’s why she had to go. Can I plea bargain or something to get off?”
“I’m afraid you won’t get away scot-free with attempted murder,” the prosecutor told her. “If you will agree to testify against Mr. Solano, we’ll drop the charges against you for framing Mr. Owens.”
“Not good enough!” Judy proclaimed.
But the prosecutor refused to compromise more. Ultimately, Judy was convicted and sentenced to ten years in prison.
Dominic was charged with various offences relating to the frame-up and cocaine possession. Kristen broke off the engagement as soon as Dominic had been charged. For those who may have been rooting for him, take heart, for his expensive lawyers got him off without his serving a minute of time behind bars.

Volume Two

We’ve been perpetrating atrocities on each other for so long, it’s a wonder they retain the power to appall us. The depths to which man can descend seem beyond belief. Yet, in responding to the outrages, man also demonstrates the heights to which he can ascend, sacrificing his own life if necessary to protect the innocent and defenseless. That is even harder to believe, for the perpetrators usually have something to gain personally through the violence—power or wealth—whereas those who fight against them have everything to lose personally. What could be more worthy of our respect?

Chapter One

Be All That You Can Be

When Kristen and her father solved the case, she had to get in to see Robert to tell him the good news and to try to repair their damaged relationship. In the interim—wouldn’t you know it?—something had happened to change everything.
Robert received a visit from that special recruiter for the American Army he had met a few months earlier, a Major Lalonde. He remained an ideal candidate for the elite forces: a genius, a superb athlete, and no living relatives to mourn should he come home in a box or two. But now their offer was cogent.
“The judge has given me the green light to offer you a deal to get you out of here. I made the case that since you’re American, we could take you off his hands and save the Canadian taxpayer a lot of money. I gave him assurances you would be closely supervised and punished for any transgressions, and that we would give you the discipline you so badly need. He said he would leave the decision up to you; join us or go to prison.”
“How long would I have to join for?” asked the forlorn young man.
“Six years, plus two more in the reserves.”
“That’s too long. I can still maybe be a baseball player. I don’t want to give up that possibility. I doubt my sentence would be more than two years.”
“It could be much longer. Are you willing to take that risk? And, with a record, major league baseball is out. You couldn’t freely cross the border.”
“I’m a dual citizen. Neither country can keep me out.”
“We know it was you who broke into our secret files. We could charge you with espionage.”
“I don’t respond well to threats. You have nothing on me.”
“Are you sure of that? We’ve been watching you since you hacked into our computer system, Mr. Owens. We know what you were planning with the bank.” Robert returned a look of shock. “An undercover police officer gave you the lead and the computer. We had it rigged so we could follow everything you were doing. You were close last October. Why did you stop?”
“My girlfr … former girlfriend stopped me.”
“And why did you stop last week?”
“My parents and little sister stopped me.”
“They’re dead.”
“Yeah, spooky, eh?”
“I won’t pretend to understand that. Anyway, had you gone through with it, you’d be facing a decade in prison. I’m sure the judge wouldn’t have considered our offer for such a serious crime. It was all a ruse. The bank allowed us to set up the sting. Still, it was very impressive work, Mr. Owens, and we want you. This is a great offer, son. I’d take it if I were you.”
“Would I be doing computer work? Because I don’t like sitting at a computer all day.”
“You’d be a soldier first, and a computer expert second. You ever hear of Delta Force?” Robert nodded. “Finding top-notch soldiers for Delta squadrons is a full-time job—my full-time job. There are a few easy-to-meet entrance criteria, like fifty months as a soldier, minimum age of twenty-two, and minimum rank of staff sergeant, but they just get you in the door. Then you have to pass an incredibly arduous selection course. So few men do that we sometimes have to relax our selection criteria to get the types of expertise we need to combat some of the newer terrorist threats that face our nation.
“Let me put it this way: if there’s another computer genius who’s also a top-notch athlete in the country, I haven’t heard of him. We’re desperately short of talents like yours, and we’ll go to great lengths to find them, like take a chance on a young delinquent. You’d have to prove yourself as a regular soldier for a year, then pass the selection course. If you do, we’d make you a staff sergeant far before you’ve earned your stripes and make you the youngest Delta operator ever.”
“How often do these soldiers go into battle?”
“Often, and assignments can get dangerous. These are front-line soldiers who take on critical missions when needed. You can really make a difference doing this. Delta Force is the best in the world.”
“Is there no option for less time? Maybe three years?”
“No. Training alone is six months; more if we select you for further training in certain languages or other military specialties.”
“Can I think about it … never mind. Where do I sign?”
And just like that, Robert is in the American Army. Imagine Kristen’s shock and dismay upon being clobbered with this bombshell when she went to greet Robert with the news of his impending release. More crying and self-recrimination ensued, but let us gloss over that. Though we may skip atop the Sea of Maudlin from time to time in the telling of this tale, may we never get inundated. Had she got to him in time, made up with him and married him, our story would come to a premature end (because everyone knows when people get married they live happily ever after), robbing us of the thrills, horrors, and delights that follow. Well, then, we course along.
Kristen tried to find out where he was, but, as one can well imagine, this business is cloaked in secrecy. Her father managed to learn that Robert had joined the U.S. Army.
“He’s been tagged for some kind of elite fighting outfit called Delta Force,” he told Kristen. “But my friend would tell me nothing more, except to say that they obsess about secrecy, so I should stop asking.”
On October 2nd, the day appointed for Kristen’s wedding, Robert sat on his bed, jaded after a grueling nineteen-hour day in basic training. He ruminated about the finality of the event and, oddly, because he felt only indignation for her at that time, he began to weep. Robert was in a state of disbelief.
How could she marry that bastard? How could she betray me? I should be playing baseball now, but look at me sitting on a crappy bed in the goddamn army! He shuddered with fury. She’s with him now in bed on her wedding night. Christ, I can’t stand it!
On October 2nd, the date of their first kiss, and the day she’d set for marrying Dominic, Kristen, too, reflected sadly on their ruined relationship. Does he believe I’m married to that criminal now? What must he think of me? Time and tears had purged her pain and anger over his cheating, although she still cringed when she recollected the lurid scene. Now dominating her emotions was an insufferable regret: regret that her testimony was pivotal in his conviction, and ten times worse, regret over having rejected his proposal. Had she accepted his hand, not only would he be free, they’d be together. Forever! Never had heaven or earth witnessed such a costly error, she thought.
She phoned Kim to find out if he’d called, but he hadn’t. She still had no way to convey her love, no way to inform him she had left Dominic, and no way to stem the infection she feared was irreversibly poisoning his love for her.
She buried herself in schoolwork to preclude tormenting herself and wasting her time brooding over Robert, and to occupy her tremendous mind. She would end up completing her Bachelor of Medical Science in just two years, including summers, graduating with high honors. Many young men at the university were disappointed that she decided to swear off men. She would wait for Robert come what may.
*
Whether or not to call Kim was a perplexing issue for Robert. He felt guilty not phoning, but what good would come of it? Why get to know and love his son, especially with the possibility that he could die in some horrid battle somewhere? Better for father and son to remain strangers. Time went by, and he didn’t call. The longer he went without calling her, the more awkward it became to do it. He went through the entire training regimen without contacting Kim—or anyone else.
After basic training, Private Owens spent a year in the regular Army without seeing any action. Most of his time was spent tracking terrorists’ use of the Internet, and hacking into al Qaeda websites to post false information or shut them down. In Delta Force selection, he excelled at all tests and exercises to such an extent that the Army decided he had what it took to be an operator. He was put through the training course at Fort Bragg to prepare for all kinds of nasty business. How to kill efficiently was a highlight. He also had to learn Arabic, on the off chance his unit might be sent into Iraq in the future.
That future was nigh. As his training wound down, American and British armed forces invaded Iraq to topple its dictator and keep its oil safe.
As UN weapons inspection teams had reported, and as the invading armies confirmed, there were never any weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. The pretext for invasion was either mistaken, or more likely, invented. Regardless, the outcome was the same: anarchy.
No one was sorry the deposed regime was history, but its iron control had prevented terrorists from gaining a meaningful foothold in the country. But anarchic environments are fertile breeding grounds for terrorism, and Al Qaeda moved into the power void. How ironic that an invasion with the stated purpose of precluding terrorism should be its primary cause in Iraq. It wasn’t long before the terrorists began operations that cost many innocent Iraqis and many young American and British soldiers their lives. Deadly bombs were the typical means of carrying out their agenda.
But there was one plot that was anything but typical. Planning had begun months earlier when terrorist leaders learned of a store of hemorrhagic smallpox in Russia. This virulent strain, which had been bioengineered during the Cold War, differed from standard smallpox in three important ways: currently available vaccines were ineffective against it; the mortality rate, established via testing on Siberian prisoners, was nearly 100%; the incubation period was shorter, but the period of infectiousness longer.
With that country’s economy still reeling from decades of corrupt, incompetent communist control, money talked. Excellent scientists with no money to feed their families were often approached and asked to sell deadly secrets or weapons. Fortunately, most had consciences. But not all. The father of the smallpox bug had no conscience to cumber him. He sold several vials to the terrorists two months after the invasion of Iraq. The terrorists made plans to deploy it first among foreign troops occupying Iraq. The next target was to be major cities of countries that the terrorists despised.
The terrorists enlisted the help of a significant number of Revolutionary Guard soldiers stinging from the recent loss of their power and pay. Not that many of those soldiers knew the nature of the beast they were about to unloose, for if they did, they might not have volunteered to put themselves in harm’s way. They merely wanted to feel once more the old rush of joy from the terror they inspired in everyday Iraqis.
The initial release of the virus was planned for three days hence, when a large contingent of American soldiers was scheduled to return home. They were to be infected before they left by two volunteer martyrs who would circulate among the soldiers who were departing, then among those replacing them; perfect timing to double the death toll and transport the virus to the American mainland.
But there was a snag: A courageous Iraqi scientist learned of the store and informed a UN weapons inspector of its existence, plans for deployment, and its current location.
A small UN inspection team was in a military compound in Baghdad to double-check for dangerous weapons in the wake of the defeat of the regime. The preliminary stage of the planned attack had commenced, the Iraqi scientist disclosed to the German inspector, Herr Shtern, but there was still time to stop it.
The Iraqi malefactors discovered the leak and plugged him. Mr. Shtern had managed to get the message to his colleagues, then attempted to call his contact with the news, but was interrupted with a bullet. That was a mistake, because the terrorists couldn’t determine whether he had told anyone else, most specifically the other weapons inspectors. They detained the remaining inspectors for close questioning with the intention of killing them as soon as they determined if any inspectors knew their secret and had passed the information along. They worked to expedite deployment plans and made plans to move the unused vials to another location. Republican Guard troops on site were instructed to booby trap the building.
Heir Shtern’s call to the contact transmitted only enough information to let the allies know where the inspectors were. The contact could tell he was nervous and heard the shot that ended Mr. Shtern’s life. The allies’ decision to move was taken immediately. It was hoped a quick strike would catch the renegade troops off-guard, and liberate the inspectors. Three teams of a hundred elite troops each were dispatched by helicopter to different areas near the center of Baghdad with orders to make their way to the compound where the inspectors were located. Thousands more allied soldiers were put on high alert.
The terrorists, though, had taken precautions in case the German inspector got out more information than they believed he had. Orders came down to move the inspectors to another facility in the northwest part the city.
The Americans had a satellite aimed at the compound, and spotted a truck leave and make its way to another facility near the Tigris River, a sanatorium that had fallen into desuetude. They didn’t know who or what was in it, but believed it was unlikely the terrorists had moved the inspectors from a secure location to what appeared to be an unguarded one. In any event, it had to be checked out. The officer in charge decided to give this assignment to twelve Delta Force assaulters who were part of the hundred soldiers deposited closest to the sanatorium. Among them was Owens.
After the twelve Americans had made their way a mile or so toward their destination, they heard a battle break out in the direction from which they had come. The master sergeant, disenchanted about being sent on what he considered a bootless mission, decided to return to help and ordered his troops to turn around, but Owens, afraid of entering the fray, argued for keeping to the original plan.
“If the hostages really are there, it’s incredibly important we get to them,” he opined.
“When I want your opinion, I’ll ask for it, Owens,” the master sergeant screamed to Owens the Craven. The twelve turned and ran back. Owens struggled to compose himself as the unit surreptitiously approached the scene of the skirmish. It was night, but the moon, wanting one more day of waxing to attain its full shine, shed enough light to make out the environs. The master sergeant cautiously stuck his head out from behind a building to see what he could see. Nothing. He stepped out. Nothing.
As the calm betokens a coming tempest, an eerie hush shrouded the scene, as if portending an imminent disaster. Owens looked at the others to see if their faces betrayed the same foreboding gripping him. All he could see was quiet determination. The master sergeant signaled to the others to follow. Owens, who was third in line, stood still as a paralyzing fear engulfed him. He wanted to run, run as fast as he could away from this madness, but he couldn’t move his legs. Two other soldiers passed him and started up the street.
The master sergeant looked back and said, “Move it, Owens. Do your job.”
He wanted to do his job and go with the others, but he couldn’t move his legs. He had all the skills of a Delta operator, better than any of his fellows in his training course, but he didn’t have a soldier’s mentality. He never wanted to be a soldier, and didn’t think like one. Never could he get a thrill out of defying death or killing the enemy. Never could he ignore his natural fear of dying. So he just stood there, shaking, as tears of fear and shame ran down his cheeks.
Suddenly, four, including the master sergeant, disappeared in an explosion. The force of the blast knocked Owens down, covering him in blood, guts, and debris. For a moment, he was disoriented, his head spinning, his eyes clouded with dust, his ears ringing loudly. Another comrade helped him to his feet. He shook his head to try to recover his senses. The fifth soldier who had turned the corner was down on the ground, writhing and screaming in pain.
Still dizzy and seeing that the soldier was missing a good portion of the left side of his head, Owens bent over to expel the awful curry and rice he’d had for dinner. An intrepid but foolish colleague ran out to rescue the wounded soldier and got killed by a sniper for his trouble. The other man’s screaming and writhing stopped. Among the six commandos killed were the five who’d had previous combat experience, and the three with satellite phones. That left six untested troopers incommunicado.
“We should check on him,” another one said.
“No!” roared Owens. This was one of those rare defining moments in a man’s life where he proves his mettle or proves a poltroon. Thus far, his actions were nothing to be proud of. He took a conscious decision to change that. Ironically, he did this not out of bravery, but out of fear: fear of being seen as a coward by others and, much more forceful, fear of perceiving himself as a coward. His rage over the loss of his friends was the means he used to take control and banish his cowardice.
“Half his head is gone; he’s dead,” Owens said. “There’s a sniper ready to shoot anyone who steps out there. No more of us will die on this godforsaken corner! We were sent out on a mission that just might be vital. Let’s go do it!” The others concurred. They dashed back up the street toward the sanatorium, each grieving over the shocking loss of their friends.
While this was transpiring, CNN went live on air with the news. “CNN has learned American troops are engaged in fierce skirmishes with Iraqi Republican Guard forces in Baghdad. This comes just days after the administration had declared victory in Iraq. That claim now seems premature, since there are at least three separate battles going on in the capital. CNN’s correspondent in Baghdad …”
Talking heads came on the networks to fill the airwaves with conjecture based on nothing, and the American public turned the channel to find the latest nonsensical reality show. But news stations stood ready, as before, to act as an uncritical mouthpiece for the Pentagon, as long as they were fed neat pictures of stuff blowing up and got to ride in tanks.
Among the sparse audience was one Kristen Julia Taylor, who would have had her baby right there had she been pregnant. When she heard speculation that Delta Force assaulters were fighting in Baghdad, her mouth opened, her hand went up to cover it, her eyes watered, she felt for the couch without taking her eyes from the TV, and she sat and started to quake. She knew, somehow, he was there, in the fracas.
While the main portion of American soldiers were getting cut to pieces, the critical action was unfolding across town. The terrorists had underestimated the possibility that anyone would know where the team was being held. They sent most available troops to the sites of possible ambush, and left the sanatorium with but a handful of sentinels.
As the small group of American operators approached the sanatorium, they spotted two guards by the front gate. Owens suggested that it would be handy to procure those enemy uniforms to gain admittance without a fight that might attract the attention of half the Republican Guard. Sergeant Haziz, who was fluent in Arabic, and he, who could understand and speak it tolerably well, could use the uniforms to get into the sanatorium and search for the inspectors.
Taking out the guards was a simple task for these crack soldiers. Two took simultaneous shots using silencers. The other four ran out to drag the bodies to nearby bushes. Owens and Haziz changed. They walked in unmolested, neutralizing two more guards who let their guard down, so to speak, when Haziz asked them for a cigarette. This was the first time Owens had killed a man. Killing the enemy was necessary, he knew, and perhaps served a high moral purpose, but morality seemed a remote concept as he stared into his victim’s dead eyes, his head lying in a pool of blood. No time for reflection, though. Time only to kill some more.
Owens went to let the others in while Haziz continued the search for the inspectors. Two of the Americans donned the uniforms of the freshly dead to stand guard at the front gates. The two others joined the search. Haziz ran into the officer in charge of the facility and became a major in the Republican Guard. With this, he was able to gain access to various rooms and, with the help of his fellow recruits, was able to quietly subdue another half-dozen guards.
Just before the Americans arrived, the Zambian inspector had suffered a thrashing, during which he had confessed all he knew about the smallpox strain. When the gentleman was thrown back among the hostages and conceded that he’d spilt the beans, they all knew their death warrant was signed, which was catastrophic not just for them but for the millions that might die because they couldn’t get their news out. The terrorists ordered the hostages killed and sent more renegade troops to the sanatorium to carry it out. The hostages were to be put in a truck that would be blown up, their deaths blamed on American bombs.
Owens came upon a guard standing before a closed door. After silently dispatching the guard and dragging the body to a nearby room, he returned to the door and put his ear against it. He heard people speaking English.
“Are they going to kill us?” a female voice asked.
“I don’t doubt it,” said a male. He silently jimmied the lock and slowly turned the door handle. Then he burst in, pistol in hand, ready to take out any enemy soldier in a blink.
Only a group of unarmed men and women were present, so he held his fire, but the sudden entrance of what looked to be a young Republican Guard soldier pointing a gun at each of them, if ever so briefly, was startling enough to elicit a few screams.
“We are representatives of the United Nations and we demand you set us free!” shouted one brave woman.
“Relax,” assured our hero. “I’m with the American Army. We’ve been sent to get you out of here.” He enjoined, “Let’s get out of here right away,” putting the stricken Zambian over his shoulder and leading the way out. The others hesitated, not trusting this man dressed in an enemy uniform. He explained, “We took uniforms off soldiers we killed so we could get in here without endangering you or ourselves. Follow me. You can’t stay here.” They followed warily.
“We must get critical information out to our superiors,” the Irish inspector said while trotting. “Do you have a radio or phone?”
“I’m sorry, we don’t,” Owens said. “Our communications people are dead.” The inspectors’ suspicion of their rescuer escalated. Suddenly, a gun battle erupted down the hall. Their luck had ceased. Owens bade them stay in a vacant room with the door closed while he went to assist.
By the time Owens got to the firefight, two more Republican Guard soldiers were dead, and one of the Americans, Sergeant Brown, was lying injured and exposed to enemy fire in the hall. He’d been shot in the throat, just above the body armor, and was bleeding profusely from there and from his mouth. While Owens shot down the hall, Haziz leaned out, grabbed the injured man’s foot and dragged him behind the wall that provided cover. Two more Iraqis were at the far end of a corridor shooting at the Americans. “How many?” Owens asked Haziz, while he looked sadly at his wounded comrade.
“Two, I think,” said Haziz as he toiled to stop the injured man’s bleeding. Both he and Owens saw it was hopeless, and looked at each other to communicate that.
Owens didn’t know Brown well, but felt sickened at his loss. He looked at him with great pity as Brown died.
“It’s all so goddamn senseless and unfair,” he averred as he wiped away his tears. Haziz nodded.
“Why don’t I throw a grenade?” Owens said to Haziz.
“We thought they were too far away, so Fernandez is looking for a way to sneak up on them,” Haziz replied. Haziz resumed shooting down the hall. Owens joined in, and the exchange went on until Fernandez ended it by killing the Iraqis.
“Hold your fire,” he yelled to Haziz and Owens. Fernandez ran down the corridor to join his friends and frowned at the sight of the young soldier who had just expired.
Owens informed them he’d found the UN inspectors, news that they greeted with shocked looks. With no time to mourn the loss of their friend, they went back to fetch the hostages.
They met the Irish inspector, Mr. Kennedy, on the way. He’d decided to check for himself what was going on. Seeing the gun battle, he became convinced their rescuers were legitimate. Mr. Kennedy came up to Owens, and told him of what they’d learned and the urgency to impart the news to the outside world before it was too late.
“Getting this news out is much more important than any of us, than all of us! Millions of lives could be at stake!” The soldiers and inspectors began a search for a transmitter or telephone.
When more gunfire exploded from outside the front gate, however, the soldiers insisted on abandoning the search and getting the inspectors to safety. The assassination squad had arrived and was doing battle with the two Americans posted there. Outnumbered, the Americans could do little. One was soon killed, which Haziz witnessed through a window. The other, Hendrix, ducked inside and joined his colleagues.
“Bishop’s dead,” he said.
“So’s Brown,” Haziz said.
Hendrix looked down and sighed. After a moment he lifted his eyes and saw the inspectors and looked at the others as if to say, “Holy shit. Now what?”
They led the hostages away from the gate in search of an escape route.
“How did you get here?” Owens asked the inspectors.
“By truck,” they responded.
“Might it still be here?” They didn’t know. “Do you know where you came into the building?”
“Yes,” answered the Norwegian woman. “We came in at an entrance in the rear—back there, I think,” she said pointing down a hall to the right.
Down that way they went, Owens leading the way, Fernandez carrying the Zambian, and Haziz and Hendrix protecting the rear. When they got to the back gate, Owens opened the gate a crack and peeked out. Seeing nothing but the parked truck, he stepped out for a closer look. The coast clear, he waved the inspectors forward. “Quick now! Get in the back of the truck, and keep your heads down,” he ordered.
Fernandez put the Zambian in the truck. Owens got in the cab: no keys, of course. While Haziz and Hendrix kept watch at the back gate, Owens looked for something to knock the housing away from the ignition switch.
“Hurry!” Haziz said. “Here they come.”
Fernandez went to help. The three Americans started firing. “Hurry, for God’s sake!” Hendrix reiterated. Owens found a big rock and pounded the ignition housing hard until it came off. Haziz threw a hand grenade into the hall and fled to the truck with Fernandez and Hendrix. The grenade killed two Iraqis and injured two more. Owens took out his knife, stuck it in the hole, and started the truck as Haziz jumped on to the running board on the passenger side, and Fernandez and Hendrix hopped into the back with the inspectors.
The truck shook to life and lumbered away, with Republican Guard soldiers running after it, firing. They seemed to be gaining on the truck, but stopped when Fernandez and Hendrix returned fire.
“Move it, Owens!” Haziz counseled.
“That’s a radical plan. Why didn’t I think of that?” screamed the saucy Owens. The truck, at length, picked up some speed, leaving the soldiers behind. They turned and ran toward their vehicles. The getaway truck had to circle the sanatorium and pass by the Iraqi trucks parked out front. They had left one guard there, whom Haziz dispatched with a well-aimed burst of fire. Fernandez tossed a grenade into the largest of the three trucks parked there, destroying it. The huge explosion took the Americans by surprise. Owens almost lost control as the shock wave hit truck he was driving. “Jesus Christ!” was invoked by several in the getaway truck. The exploded truck was to have been the inspectors’ fiery crypt.
In the mirror, Owens saw the Iraqi soldiers run toward the other trucks. “We’ll never outrun them in this junk heap,” he remarked to Haziz. “I have it floored, and we’re only doing forty. We have to split up. You see that grove up ahead? I’ll stop, and you get the inspectors out and duck out of sight. Fernandez and I will drive on, and with any luck they’ll follow. You and Hendrix take the inspectors toward that set of low-rise buildings over there. We’ll try to meet you along the way. Good luck,” he concluded as he applied the brakes.
Haziz jumped off and ran to the back of the truck. “Get out, quick. Come on, move it!” he ordered the august group. He told Fernandez to join Owens in the cab and Hendrix to come with him. “Behind the trees. Get out of sight. Hurry!” He picked up the injured man and followed. Owens floored the vehicle, and it trundled down the road.
Within a half-minute, two small trucks went rushing by in pursuit of the truck. Haziz told the group to get up and follow him, and off they went along the edge of the river toward the buildings about a mile in the distance, Haziz leading and Hendrix protecting the rear.
The pursuing trucks closed in on the junk heap.
“If they catch up while we’re driving, we’re sitting ducks,” said Owens. “I’ll slow down, and you jump out. I’ll stop maybe two hundred feet ahead and hop out. When they stop, you and I will have them surrounded,” he jested. Fernandez smiled, leaped and hid in the ditch beside the road. The truck rolled down the road a bit, and Owens slammed on the brakes and jumped out.
The Iraqis were upon him in an instant. Two trucks, one with three soldiers, the other with four, stopped fifty feet away. As the soldiers hopped out, firing at the truck, Owens threw a hand grenade at the closer group, which killed two, and blew enough off the third to reduce him to writhing on the ground emitting blood-curdling screams. Owens couldn’t get a clear shot at him to put him out of his misery.
Fernandez had to deal with the four in the second truck. He shot two as they disembarked. The other two crouched behind the vehicle and returned fire. Owens went to help. After exchanging fire for a minute or two, Owens suggested the disadvantage was theirs because the enemy had surely called for help while chasing them. They rolled down the river embankment and retreated toward the low-rises.
The two ran about half a mile, then Fernandez hid behind a tree to intercept the pursuing Iraqi soldiers. The two Iraqis came recklessly running down the middle of the road chasing the American they could see ahead. Fernandez shot them dead and ran to catch the others.
With Owens making his way back, Haziz and Hendrix had by this time led the group more than halfway to the apartment block when a small truck rolled up and stopped abruptly. “Stop!” yelled one of the three Republican Guard soldiers as they jumped out. The Americans decided to hold their fire, as there was no cover for their charges. The Iraqis weren’t part of the squad sent to murder the inspectors. They were simply patrolling the road. A group of civilians walking along the river at midnight qualified as suspicious.
Haziz, still dressed in a major’s uniform, ordered them to leave; the superior officer owed them no explanation.
They were about to obey, when suddenly they took aim at Haziz and Hendrix, and told them to drop their weapons. They’d noticed Hendrix’s weapon and boots: American. With two guns pointed at him, Hendrix obeyed, but Haziz shot the soldier aiming at him. Hendrix lunged at one of the other two and subdued him, but the third shot at Haziz.
As Owens approached the inspectors, he saw Haziz jump aside in an attempt to avoid the bullets. One bullet hit him in the chest, but his armor protected him. Unfortunately, another hit him in the upper arm. Owens shot the third Iraqi soldier dead. The bullet tore through the soldier’s skull and blew off the back of his head. Ordering the group to run toward the immediate objective, he helped Haziz to his feet and looked down in despair at the soldier he’d just shot. It was a child of fourteen or fifteen, dead eyes open, looking nowhere.

Chapter Two

Getting the Word Out

Fernandez caught the group as it approached a decrepit neighborhood on the edge of Baghdad with about thirty buildings of four stories. Everyone knew that the terrorists would soon send troops in to locate them, but there was no other choice but to find a hiding place in this settlement. It made most sense to skirt the perimeter of the community to avoid meddlesome eyes, and to choose a building away from the main road to reduce the possibility of getting caught before they could work out an escape plan, so they walked around the perimeter about four hundred yards before selecting a building for a hideout.
Entering the building, Owens cautioned silence and led the group down a half-staircase to the ground floor. This would give the group the option of jumping out a window if need be. These were private residences, and they’d have to secure an invitation from one of its denizens. Owens knocked on one door to attract the attention of its occupant, but not too loud lest he attract attention from other apartments.
“Who’s there?” called a voice in Arabic from the other side of the door.
“Republican Guard,” said Haziz in Arabic.
The frightened man opened his door, and in came Owens pointing his pistol at the man. His wife, who had also awakened with his knock, started to scream, but he covered her mouth right away. “Shut up!” he said in a screaming whisper, pointing his gun to underscore the gravity of his demand.
The inspectors and soldiers crowded in and shut the door, undetected, they hoped. Hendrix ripped electrical cords off two lamps to bind the couple. Ripped-up shirts sufficed for gagging. A search of the only bedroom turned up a young boy, perhaps five years old, sleeping on the floor. Fernandez went to the aid of Haziz, whose wound was bleeding copiously; he staunched the bleeding and bandaged the wound, but Haziz was fading fast. Hendrix attended to the Zambian inspector, but there was little he could do.
With things at last under some semblance of control, Mr. Kennedy pushed Owens to resume the search for a way to communicate their momentous news.
“Do you have a phone?” Owens asked the occupants. They shook their heads no. “Does anyone in this building?” They shrugged their shoulders.
Owens knew, even if a phone could be found, chances were the line wouldn’t work. He reasoned that the best course was to locate friendly troops—who were still fighting a few miles away, judging by the shooting and explosions in the distance. It was agreed that two of the troopers would go, one of whom had to be Owens. His knowledge of the local language could be critical, since Haziz was in and out of consciousness. Hendrix would accompany Owens, and Fernandez would stay to guard the inspectors.
“Who do we call, and how do we convince them we’re telling the truth?” Owens asked the inspectors. The team had a plan for this: each had a special phone number to call and password to relay in case of emergency. The soldiers were given the information.
Owens and Hendrix climbed out the window to find friendly troops. They ran across the field to the river and turned southeast toward the sounds of war.
Along the way, Owens considered the enigma that the attack was in its preliminary stage but that it wasn’t too late to stop. He mentioned to Hendrix, “The virus can be transmitted through the air, so the weapon could conceivably take the form of a human. Whichever one of us makes the call, make sure to mention that so our guys will watch out for anyone leaving the area and keep their distance.” Stating the obvious just to be safe, Owens added, “We should also ask for a rescue chopper … Fuck! We should’ve arranged a time and place for the rescue with Fernandez before we left. Now even if we make the call, but don’t manage to get back to the inspectors, the rescuers will have to find the exact apartment.”
Not even a genius thinks of everything, but he chastised himself for what could turn out to be a critical oversight.
The two determined that separating was a good idea to maximize their chances of success and needed to make sure they were on the same page. The time was 0-24. They agreed to ask that the helicopter land at the far end of the field next to the settlement at precisely 01-15, which assumed they’d find a phone within a half-hour. They would stay together until they got close to the skirmishes.
Before they could go their separate ways, however, they ran into trouble. Approaching a corner, they heard talking. Owens recognized it as Arabic. They peeked around the corner to see two Republican Guard soldiers going through the pockets of dead Americans. One of the items pilfered was a satellite phone. The Americans looked at each other, each saying with his look, “We need to get that phone!” But, looking south down the block, they saw several more enemy soldiers and a tank about five hundred feet away.
“Where the fuck did they get that?” asked Hendrix.
Owens shook his head. Debris from the destroyed buildings blocked their way east. If they tried to run north, the tank would surely get them before they could get to the next corner. They thought maybe they could dash out, shoot the Iraqis, grab the phone, and run back west before the tank could get a shot off, but just as they were getting ready to go, two more Republican Guard soldiers turned the corner behind them about four hundred feet away. They stopped when they saw Hendrix and Owens and readied their weapons.
Although the Americans were wearing Republican Guard uniforms, there were too many clues they weren’t what they seemed: one could speak thickly-accented Arabic, the other none at all; their uniforms were too small; they had their own guns and boots. Given the gravity of their mission, it was too risky to try to get by them. For all intents and purposes, they were trapped.
Three American bodies lay amidst the smoldering ruins of a small building. Several small fires assisted the moon in lighting the scene. All that was left of the building was the base of the south wall and a large pile of rubble. The Americans had to think quickly. Just crossing the street and shooting the Iraqis would bring their comrades, not to mention the tank, upon them in too short a time to get the message out.
They needed to delay the onslaught for at least a minute, in their estimation. The only way Owens could think of to do that was to place himself between Hendrix and the Iraqis in the hope that they wouldn’t kill what appeared to be their own soldier. It had to be him in between in case he needed to yell to the Iraqis. It was perilous for Owens, but even more so for Hendrix because it was indubitable everyone would be gunning for the man who just shot two of their comrades. But it was either this or failure of their mission.
Owens told his buddy of the plan, and Hendrix agreed. Hendrix would run out, kill the two Iraqis, grab the phone, and take cover behind the mountain of rubble. Owens would follow as if he were chasing Hendrix shooting in his direction and end up on the opposite side of the debris.
Taking a deep breath, Hendrix ran out firing at the Iraqis. Both Iraqis fell dead. Owens ran out seconds later firing at the ruins behind which Hendrix had stationed himself. Hendrix recovered the phone and dialed it. He shot toward Owens, who had knelt on one knee shooting toward Hendrix. The Iraqis trotted up the street from the south.
“Don’t shoot!” Owens yelled to them in Arabic. He hoped screaming short declarations would not betray his accent. He took another two shots toward Hendrix. Hendrix got through to the contact. Owens couldn’t see the soldiers coming from the west from his vantage point, but knew they would be upon them imminently. Once they stepped out from the corner he would have no choice but to shoot them, for Hendrix would be exposed to them. Owens would have to react quickly before they could shoot at Hendrix. Hendrix cited the password. The Iraqis to the south had closed to within three hundred-fifty feet, and the tank was rolling behind them.
“Move!” screamed the commanding officer in Arabic as the tank’s turret wheeled around to take a shot. Owens disregarded the order, hoping they would assume he didn’t hear it. Hendrix started relaying the crucial information. Owens glanced to the north to ensure that coast was clear. It was, but he spotted several bodies burned beyond recognition. Two were young children, judging by their size. He turned away immediately, but not before the gruesome sight was charred into his memory.
As if the threat from the south weren’t bad enough, he expected the two soldiers to attack from the west at any second. He told himself that shooting them could be the last thing he would ever do. Opening fire on them would prove him the enemy of those to the south.
And from the south came another order to “get away from there or die!”
His heart was beating so hard he could feel his ears pulsate. Hoping to delay their assault, Owens yelled in Arabic, “I think I got him!” as peeped over the demolished wall at Hendrix. The Iraqis continued their advance from the south. He was as scared as a human being can get, but there was no way out now. Still, the cover of the building on the corner is a mere fifteen yards away. We can make that if I take out those two soldiers. But Hendrix needed to get the vital information out before taking the chance of running.
Hendrix had been on the phone for forty-five seconds by this time, enough, Owens hoped, to get the main message across. Suddenly the two Iraqis appeared from the west with guns leveled at Hendrix. With the enemy approaching from the south, Owens opened fire on the two from the west, killing both instantly with double-taps to the head. Confused, the soldiers moving north stopped about one hundred-fifty feet away. The tank stopped just in front of the enemy soldiers.
“Fire!” shouted the Iraqi officer.
“Time’s out, Hendrix! Run!” Owens said as the Iraqi soldiers started firing, and he took off toward the corner.
“I haven’t quite finished,” Hendrix said. The tank aimed its cannon.
“Get out of there!” Owens shrieked as he ran. Owens got to the corner, stood beside a wall, shot a few rounds at the soldiers moving north to slow them down, and looked back at Hendrix. The last he saw of the brave man was his signal of success: a raised thumb. He vanished in an explosion.
Shock immobilized Owens for a few seconds, but he collected himself, turned west, and ran as hard as could to the next corner, turning it just as the tank was aiming at him. Mourning the loss of the man who’d been his closest companion over the last several months, Owens ran back to the hideout. He could only hope Hendrix had communicated everything, and that action was forthcoming.
By the time Owens got back to the hideout, Republican Guard troops were all over the settlement. Several were approaching the building with the inspectors. He ran undetected to the window, knocked, and was admitted. It was too early to get everyone out and run across the field. The helicopter, assuming it was coming, would be another twenty-three minutes. “Untie him,” Owens directed, pointing to the man who lived there. “Hurry! The Iraqis are just about here.” The Chilean inspector untied the man. “Hendrix is dead,” he sadly whispered to Fernandez. Fernandez, too, was greatly affected. Hendrix had been a first-class guy liked by everybody.
Owens asked Fernandez to “hold your gun to his wife’s head and stand back there out of sight.” The hapless woman was horrified, and tears fell from her eyes. “Now the rest of you—go into the bedroom and keep quiet. Carry him in there,” he instructed pointing to Haziz, “and him, too,” he added referring to Mr. Sinkala.
“He’s dead,” Fernandez said. Owens shook his head in dismay.
“Cover the child’s mouth,” Owens told the inspectors as he closed the door to the bedroom. He turned to his male captive and told him in no uncertain terms that he was to tell the soldiers who were about to knock on his door that there was no one here besides his family, and that they could come in to look if they insisted—hoping, of course, they wouldn’t. “If you tip them off, he’ll shoot your wife, and I’ll shoot you. Understand?” he said in broken Arabic. The scared man nodded.
They waited and waited, anxiety increasing by the moment. They heard the pounding on doors hard by and some screaming.
Finally came the loud knock on their door, accompanied by a demand to open it. The occupant answered the door, and the soldier stepped in. Owens was behind the door ready for a shootout.
The soldier took two steps in and looked around. Seeing nothing, he took another step. He stood there for what seemed like hours. The resident told him he lived alone. Had the soldier turned his head one more degree or so, he might have caught Owens out of the corner of his eye. But he turned the other way and walked out. Our hero almost fell to his knees in relief and thanks. He thanked his captive and promised they would all leave soon. Fernandez tied and gagged the hostages again, while Owens went to the room to tell the inspectors to get ready to leave, warning them to keep quiet.
Owens gathered them around and told them Hendrix got the news out, much to the relief of everyone. “Thank God,” three said in unison. They were saddened to hear of the brave man’s death. Owens added that Hendrix had asked for a rescue helicopter—at least he hoped so—to meet them at the far end of the field at 01-15.
“What is your name, son?” asked the Irishman.
“Staff Sergeant Robert Owens, sir.”
“Where are you from?”
“Most recently Ontario, Canada. I’m a dual citizen: Canadian and American.”
“Well, thank you, Sergeant Owens. You are a credit to your country—your countries—and to your heritage!” They also thanked Fernandez for his courageous actions. They sat waiting for another six minutes, whispering among each other about the situation. At 1:07, each of the inspectors climbed out the window. Fernandez carried the injured Haziz and Owens carried the body of the Zambian across the dusty field toward the rendezvous point.
The group crossed the field under the cover of darkness and got to the far end by the river. They heard nothing. Then they saw lights approaching on the nearby road. “Get down!” Owens ordered. “On your bellies.”
It was small truck with two soldiers, one of whom had a rocket launcher. Owens hung his head down and let out a sigh. He knew they had to try to knock that rocket launcher out of commission or the helicopter would be at risk. The others knew it, too. Owens asked them to confirm when they got on the chopper that all the news about the virus had been transmitted as he and Fernandez got to their feet. The Irishman said, “Thank you, Sergeant Owens and Sergeant Fernandez. You were sent by God to help us.”
As the two troopers dashed toward the truck, an American helicopter swooped in over the river and landed one hundred-forty feet away from the group. It was almost silent, and all marveled at its surprise approach. It nevertheless failed to escape the detection of the Iraqis with the rocket. They stopped their truck and readied the rocket as Owens and Fernandez approached. The Iraqis, in preparing their weapon, were kneeling on the opposite side of the vehicle from the Americans.
“I’ll flank them,” said Owens and, stooping as low as he could, he ran off toward the trees before Fernandez could respond. But before Owens got in position, the helicopter took off with the inspectors on board. The Iraqis pointed their weapon as the helicopter banked to turn south. Seeing this, Fernandez ran up for an unobstructed shot at the man with the rocket launcher, and shot just as he was launching his rocket against the helicopter, which sent the missile into the river. Owens had just got to the trees as the shooting began. He shot the other Iraqi soldier who was firing at Fernandez. The Iraqi fell dead.
Owens ran out to check on his friend and saw he was lying on the ground motionless. He got to him and knew at once Fernandez was dead. He got down on his knees, cradled Fernandez’s head against his chest, and wept. Within a few minutes, the area was alive with Republican Guard soldiers running toward the explosion.
Frightened, Owens lowered his friend to the ground, got to his feet, and ran toward the truck, but stopped when he saw flashlights approach from that direction. He turned and ran the opposite way. Knowing if he were caught in an enemy uniform he would be in trouble, he went back to the spot where he and Haziz had left their black assault suits by a grove near the sanatorium. He changed back into his suit and headed toward allied lines. When he ran into a small clearing, he came face to face with several Iraqi soldiers. He raised his arms in surrender.

Chapter Three

Prisoner of War

“Our sources tell us that American troops were sent in to rescue a group of UN arms inspectors who were being held captive by a renegade faction of Iraqi Republican Guard soldiers,” NBC revealed. “It was unclear what had caused the faction to take this extraordinary step, or why the Americans have taken such drastic steps to free them.” The speculation free-for-all was unleashed.
Just before eight AM Eastern time, with Kristen still riveted to the TV, the Pentagon called a news conference. All the pundits were shushed, and all networks switched to the Kuwait location for the military spokeswoman.
“Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. At 9:38 PM last night, local time, we received intelligence that remnants of the Republican Guard had detained a United Nations weapons inspection team against their will. We’d been contacted by the German inspector, Herr Shtern, but he’d been cut off before he could transmit the entire message. The President immediately authorized the deployment of troops to liberate the captives and their secret. An American strike team with British support was inserted into Baghdad at 10:45 PM with this mission.
“Republican Guard troops had set up ambushes in several spots around the compound where Herr Shtern had indicated they were being held. There was heavy fighting, but we are pleased and proud to announce that the operation was completed successfully at 1:37 AM local time. An American helicopter rescued seven of the nine hostages and flew them back to this base. We regret to say Herr Shtern was killed, along with the Zambian inspector, Mr. Sinkala.”
That news raised a murmur among the reporters. “The inspectors brought back the shocking news that terrorists had a store of a deadly smallpox strain that they planned to release against our soldiers and our cities. This strain, which apparently originated in Russia, has no effective vaccine or cure. It spreads through the air. Deaths could have well gone into the millions.” She continued with various details, including confirmation that “two Saudis were captured trying to leave a secret underground bunker. They had rashes on their face. One tried to charge at our soldiers and was shot and killed; the other is in custody. Our scientists have confirmed both were infected with the bioengineered small pox … The building over the bunker exploded as our troops surrounded it. We believe the virus was destroyed in the explosion, but we’ll continue to monitor the situation closely.”
She turned over the podium to the eloquent Irish inspector, Mr. Kennedy, who’d been selected as the spokesman for the group. He told of what occurred, highlighting their rescue by a small American contingent. He was spare with specific information, fearful of leaking details of American spy technology.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” he opened, “imagine for a moment what life would be like if you were afraid to go out of your own home, if you were afraid to let your children go out to play or go to school, if you were afraid to breathe the very air around us. Imagine a world where you knew you might be carrying a deadly pathogen that you might transmit to your loved ones just by kissing them or anyone else simply by breathing near them. That is the execrable world we narrowly averted yesterday. Few alive have seen what depredation smallpox wreaks on a human being. It is a horrible way to go. Against this particular strain, there was said to be no vaccine and no cure. Millions would have suffered untold agony if it got out.
“There were several indispensable links in the chain that restrained this monster. The first was a brave Iraqi scientist—we don’t even know his name—who leaked the news to Herr Shtern, the second link who passed it on to the rest of us inspectors. Mr. Shtern died for his valor. Our team of inspectors constituted the third link; we had to find a way to get the news out to the world so the terrorists could be stopped. The fourth was the American team that spotted the truck that took us to an abandoned sanatorium. The fifth was the soldiers on the ground who fought to free us and keep us safe.
“Among them were twelve American soldiers who were sent to determine if we were at the sanatorium. At least nine of those brave young men died. Two of them, at great risk to their own lives, got the news out; the one who made the call perished for his incredible heroism.
“The final link was the American and British soldiers that besieged the building where the smallpox was stored and ensured the destruction of the virus. Without each and every one of these links, we would be living in the abhorrent world I mentioned, and we would all know what real terror is.”
In closing, Mr. Kennedy remarked, “We inspectors want to express our heartfelt thanks to the soldiers who risked their lives to free us, and much more important, to bring our intelligence about the smallpox to light. We stand in sorrow with the families who have lost their loved ones and with those who return injured. May God bless them all; they did his work. We are personally indebted to four young soldiers who exhibited such courage and such ingenuity to get our news out to the people who eliminated the threat, and to take us back to safety. One died making the critical phone call. One came back with us injured, but he’ll recover. As we were all about to be rescued by the American helicopter, the other two spotted a truck with a rocket and instead of coming with us, stayed behind to destroy the rocket so our helicopter could get away. They are missing. We pray for their safe return.”
He took questions from the media. Among the questions: “Can you identify the American soldiers?”
He responded, “They are a part of a special unit that favors secrecy, but in this case the government has left it up to the families of the departed soldiers whether or not to be identified.”
A British camera crew had caught Haziz on film as he was being carried off the helicopter. He was subsequently identified and lionized by the American media. Later, the families of Hendrix and Fernandez gave permission to release their sons’ identities, feeling their memories could only benefit by being draped in glory. Fernandez and Hendrix were posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. Haziz was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross until a public outcry by Muslim-Americans netted him a Medal of Honor as well. Owens could not be identified by policy of Delta Force. The media employed all their ingenuity to find out who the fourth soldier was. They asked their customary contacts, and no one knew, so they were at a dead end. Mr. Kennedy, however, triggered excitement in Canada when he stated in an interview that the soldier in question identified himself as American and Canadian.
When Mr. Kennedy mentioned the young soldier in the American Special Forces was Canadian, Kristen knew it was Robert. Tears welled in her eyes out of pride for what he had accomplished, and fear for his safety. She passed the news on to her parents and brother. She also called Kim to inform her. Kim, too, was thrilled about Robert’s heroics, but worried about what became of him.
Exhausted, Kristen went back to her room, put on headphones and played the recording she’d made of his serenade to her an incredibly long two years ago.
*
Few would expect that terrorists who would ponder releasing smallpox into the world would abide by the terms of the Geneva Conventions, and even these dense few would be disabused as they witnessed the beating Owens suffered at the hands of his captors. After being seized, he was transported to an Iraqi prison and thrown into a cell. Soon thereafter, the guards grabbed the scared man and took him to a small room, where they handcuffed his hands to a hook on the wall above his head, and proceeded to use him as a punching bag for twenty-five minutes or so, softening him up for the coming interrogation. The interrogator, an Iraqi terrorist, came in and motioned for them to cease.
“What is your name?” he asked.
“Sergeant Robert Owens, U.S. Army, serial number—”
“Shut up! I don’t care about your serial number. What were you doing here?”
“Sergeant Robert Owens, U.S.—” As he began his response, the soldiers began hitting him again. After a few minutes, they desisted.
“Now, again, Sergeant, what were you doing here?” Same answer, same result, same question. This went on for what seemed to Robert like hours, but was closer to eighteen minutes. By now spitting blood and bleeding from the nose and several other areas, Robert decided to cooperate a little. Even if he told the truth, it wouldn’t matter to anyone but himself since the inspectors were already out of danger, but he cared about himself. The truth might earn him a painful death.
“Twelve of us—American soldiers, I mean—were sent to check on the sanatorium to see if the UN weapons inspectors were being held there, but when it came time to go in I, I ran away. I’m so ashamed. They called to me and told me to get back, but, I couldn’t. I couldn’t stop running …”
The interrogator nodded to the guards, and the beating recommenced. “Do you think we’re fools?” the interrogator asked as the beating went on. “You went into the building with the others, liberated the prisoners, and hid them somewhere. Where are they?”
“I’m not lying to you. I ran away.” The interrogator took some pliers and casually snapped one of Robert’s fingers on his left hand. He screamed in agony. The Iraqi asked again the whereabouts of the inspectors. Robert said he didn’t know. This time the pliers went to his right hand, his pitching hand, and his eyes grew bigger still. The interrogator broke the index and middle fingers. Robert shrieked and blacked out.
They wheeled up a contraption next to him and switched it on. Then they moved a bucket of ice cold water under him, rolled up his pant legs, and lifted his bare feet into it, which shocked him back to consciousness. They tore off his shirt. Robert’s eyes widened as he got fearful for his life. The interrogator picked up two leads, attached one to his leg and touched the other to his stomach. He jumped and groaned in pain as electricity coursed through his body.
“Once again, Sergeant Owens, where are the inspectors?”
Poor Robert would certainly have told them, but thinking the truth would mean his death, he suffered through several more progressively intense jolts. Between assaults he quietly wept. Eventually, he passed out.
Minutes later, he awoke, a pail of cold water having been poured over his head. The interrogator stepped away and said something to one of the guards standing outside of the cell. That guard, a regular Iraqi army soldier, left, but soon returned with another American prisoner. The prisoner, a corporal, had been beaten brutally. He was forced to his knees and was whimpering. The interrogator instructed the guard to put his pistol to the back of the corporal’s head; his glistening, black eyes bespoke confusion, pain, and terror.
“Now, Sergeant Owens, once again, where are the inspectors? Mind, if you lie, this man will die.”
Seeing no option, Robert told him everything.
After Robert finished, the interrogator nodded at the guard. The guard looked at his superior with a pleading look as if to say, “Don’t make me do this!” The next gesture made the sentence unmistakable. He shot, and the soldier fell dead.
“No!” screamed Robert. The guard turned away in despair. “I told you everything. I told you the truth. You murdered him, you fucking animal!” Robert’s chest expanded and contracted with convulsive sobs. The guard was told to fetch something else. His face again showed dismay.
The interrogator took out his pistol and put it up to Robert’s temple. “Tell me now or die!” he said.
“I swear to God I told you the truth! You executed him for nothing. The inspectors were taken away by one of our choppers at 1:15. I swear, I’m telling the truth!” the terrified man wailed.
“Last chance!” he warned as he squeezed the trigger.
“God help me, I told you everything!” The man pulled the trigger. It clicked. No bullet.
As Robert continued weeping, the interrogator said, “You are a brave man, Sergeant Owens. I’m impressed that you are willing to die to protect the inspectors.” The guard returned, and the sadistic fiend took what he brought back. Holding up a long hypodermic needle filled with a liquid, he said, “Do you know what this is?” The traumatized man shook his head no. “This is a vial of the virus HIV. Do you know of it?” The panicked man nodded his head yes. “No drugs will suppress AIDS with this much virus. Now tell me where the inspectors are, or I will inject this into you. Within two months, you will develop full-blown AIDS. Before six months, you will have suffered a horrible, drawn-out death. Now tell me!”
“For God’s sake, I told you the truth!”
The interrogator brandished the needle in front of Robert’s eyes. Someone came in and whispered something to the interrogator, then left. Enraged, the interrogator punched Robert in his broken nose. He put his face right up to Robert’s and said, bitterly, “I am told the inspectors are at an American base, so you weren’t brave after all; you cracked like a sniveling coward.”
He continued to wave the needle in minatory fashion. “We get a lot of American news here. You know what I hate most? When they say so many hundred people died in the Gulf War or in the latest war—whatever the puppets on American television are calling it—when actually it was so many hundred thousand. Only the hundreds are Americans or their allies, and the hundreds of thousands are Iraqis; as if we aren’t people, as if killing a hundred of you is a criminal act, but killing a hundred thousand of us is nothing! You started this war, not us. It is you who are the aggressors. You think I am evil for doing this to you, and for killing that soldier. Look at him.
“Look!” said the monster as he yanked Robert’s head around to see the corpse. “Multiply him by a thousand and you know our losses, our pain. You killed untold numbers of us. For what? What did we do to America?” Robert’s eyes betrayed his panic. “This is for all my brothers that you killed,” the interrogator said as he took the needle and placed it against his arm.
“No!” said Robert. “Please!” The interrogator pushed the needle into his arm. “Oh, God no! Please don’t,” he cried. The man injected the liquid. Robert wept the profound tears of a shattered and doomed man. He blacked out.
Hours later, he awoke with a start. He was on the cold floor, which doubled as his bed. The pain was so intense, he couldn’t even move. With dread, he suddenly recalled the needle. So distraught was he to be alive, his crying began once more. He was in such bad shape then, he soon fainted again and stayed unconscious for many hours.
Upon reviving, Robert struggled to lift his head to see where he was. Any movement sent a pang of pain through his body. He anxiously moved or felt various parts of his body to see what damage had been done. It felt as if some ribs on his left side might be broken. Three fingers were broken, two on his pitching hand. He briefly panicked about that, but then with a bitter chuckle remembered, I’m done for and I’m worrying about my pitching career. He couldn’t open his right eye; it was too swollen. His face was throbbing, his nose was broken, his jaw was dislocated; two molars had been knocked out. Later, three hairline fractures were discovered in his cheeks.
Through his left eye, he determined he was alone in a small cell. There was a small basin—his toilet—in the corner. Beside it was a cup. So severe was his thirst at that time, he dragged himself to it, every thrust eliciting a muffled cry as his sore body protested the movement. Finally, he covered the six feet only to discover the cup was empty. As guards occasionally walked by, he would lift the cup up as far as he could and attempt to ask for water, but his dry throat would permit no sound through. A while later, a guard slid a small bowl of gruel and a cup of water into his cell. Lugging himself over to it, he drank down the water. Nothing had ever tasted so good.
At some point during the interrogation, he had soiled himself, which was making life uncomfortable for the guards. “Take off your clothes,” they ordered. He obeyed, though he almost fainted with pain in getting them off. When he was naked, a guard showed up with a large hose. He signaled someone, and out came a jet of frigid water. With nowhere to hide, Robert curled into a ball to protect himself as best he could. His cold shower, which lasted two minutes or so, left him clean but freezing. They took away his clothes, leaving him naked and shivering on the wet floor. He remained in a ball to conserve as much heat as he could.
So cold and hurt was he that sleep would not come to him that night, though his body and mind sorely needed it. He wanted to turn over to lie on his left side, but his ribs wouldn’t permit it, so he stayed in one position, shivering against the cold and pain. The next morning his clean clothes were restored to him, providing some welcome warmth and cover.
The guards had done much more for him than he knew. They’d disregarded the interrogator’s order to shoot him and three other prisoners—those who could inculpate him—before he fled. Not only was this repugnant to the guards, they knew they would be held to account after the inevitable flight of the cabal.
As time passed, his condition improved, but there was too much time for thinking. Of course, the virus building in his body preoccupied him. He occasionally glanced at his pitching hand; it was too upsetting to stare at his mangled fingers. He also replayed every sequence of the fateful night in his head. He saw his buddies die. He recalled the look in Hendrix’s eyes the instant before he disappeared. He saw himself kill for the first time, then again, again and again. He saw the poor American corporal murdered. He saw the burnt children. The screams of the man injured by his grenade echoed in his head, but haunting him most were the vacant eyes of the fourteen-year-old soldier he had shot. He knew he did what he had to do. He knew he’d helped to accomplish an incredibly important mission. But those eyes, those dead eyes.
He experienced grief and guilt so overwhelming, he had to share them with Kristen. “This is all your fault, Mrs. Solano!” Toward her he felt disdain, but his disdain bore no taint of hatred; his latent love for her wouldn’t allow it. If Dominic and Judy were there, he would have enjoyed becoming a murderer, and even understood how his interrogator could harbor enough animosity to be so base.
When the body is broken and the spirit is crushed, everything seems hopeless. He’d long ago lost his faith. Now his hope was gone, too, and everyone needs one or the other to face the future. Robert succumbed to a terrible depression during this period. In his abysmal despair, he thought of everything, of everyone with revulsion. He didn’t have the consolation of God. His horrendous experiences over the last few days had pushed him off the fence of agnosticism into the atheistic abyss. No god could permit the horrors he’d witnessed and partaken in. As he lay on his side trying to sleep, a tear escaped his eye, rolled across his cheek and dripped onto the floor.
“It’s hopeless, it’s hopeless,” he muttered. The broken and crushed man fell asleep wanting never to wake up.
*
Every day during this time was an eternity for Kristen. Not knowing whether he was alive or dead, horribly injured, or captured and maybe even tortured. No, it was too much to even contemplate. Everything else ceased in her life. She spent all day watching CNN for updates. Her parents’ attempts at diversion failed, and they began to worry about her mental health.
*
With one hundred thousand allied troops poised to attack, the terrorists fled, the renegade troops ditched their uniforms, and the authorities asserted what power they could. After an initial period of confusion, they got around to freeing the prisoners. Four days after his capture, Staff Sergeant Owens was released and flown to Germany.

Chapter Four

Back Home

Hindsight is said to be twenty-twenty, and although many, especially those with power over us, seem to be myopic even in hindsight, most of us have the gift of seeing what we should have done once it’s too late to do it. Looking back, we wonder how we could have possibly passed up what turned out to be a golden opportunity. Either we failed to perceive its promise or were too afraid to risk what it would have taken to seize the day.
After his dreadful experience in Iraq, Robert Owens was desperately in need of hope, of happiness, of love. Two superb opportunities to realize lifelong love would present themselves in the coming months, but he would forego both, because to seize them he would have had to believe that hope, happiness, and love exist, and in his then-current state of mind, that was impossible. But the love these people showed him in his desperate straits would open his mind to the possibility of lifelong love in pacific seas.
Upon his release, Robert Owens was taken to an American Army hospital in Germany. He told doctors of his interrogation, the American corporal executed, and the needle with HIV. He was told they’d have to wait a minimum of two months after infection to test for HIV.
That afternoon, a stout, redheaded woman in civilian dress and an American colonel came to see him. The woman winced on seeing Robert. He was bandaged, stitched, wired, and encased in pounds of plaster; he was a physical and emotional wreck. Noticing the woman’s reaction, he mumbled, “Yeah, this dude called Picasso dropped by to paint my portrait, but gave it up saying my face was too contorted.” The two smiled politely, trying to figure out what he said.
Wanting to learn what happened from start to finish for their official report, they asked him to speak up as well as he could and leaned closer to him. They were in possession of a recording of the conversation between Hendrix and the contact, and wanted him to begin by filling in the blanks. After thanking him for his actions—for they were impressed with him from what they’d heard on the recording and from the inspectors—they played the recording.
After citing the password, Hendrix immediately told the man of the smallpox, where it was, and to watch for people leaving the area. Before he could go on, though, the contact asked him how he learned of this. Hendrix explained he got the news and password from the UN inspectors. “Where are they?” asked the contact, but before Hendrix could answer, Robert could be heard in the background yelling in Arabic, “I think I got him.” Suspicious, the contact said, “Who was that?”
Hendrix said, “That’s my buddy, Owens, who’s in a Republican Guard uniform squatting between me and an Iraqi tank trying to give me time to get this message out.”
Other questions followed. “Who are you? What’s your position? Was that Arabic he spoke?”
Hendrix told him he and Owens were American soldiers ordered to the sanatorium in search of the inspectors where they’d found them, but asserted that he had no time for further explanation, that any second they would be fired upon. “Just let me finish please!” He told them where the inspectors were hidden. Then loud gunshots were heard. Robert had shot the two from the west. Hendrix said, “Christ, that was close. Good shot, Owens!”
“What was that?” the contact asked.
“My buddy just shot two Iraqis gunning for us. Now let me finish!”
In the background, distant shots rang out, and Robert could be heard screaming, “Time’s out, Hendrix! Run!” to which Hendrix responded, “I haven’t quite finished.” He went on to ask for a helicopter at 0-15—”Get out of there!” Robert was heard to yell in the distance—and specified the coordinates. Suddenly, the line went dead.
Reliving that scene wasn’t the best therapy in Robert’s current vulnerable state. He broke down crying at the end of it. Hendrix had had to waste precious seconds assuring the contact his news was legitimate. This was only prudent, Robert’s logic told him, but the extra time had cost Hendrix his life.
“Obviously, we now know Hendrix was genuine, but from our point of view at the time, there were lots of unanswered questions. We took considerable risks trusting him,” said the redhead. “We’re sorry to put you through this, but we need to know the circumstances of this call.”
Robert recounted the harrowing experience: how they had found the inspectors and hidden them; how they had to find a phone; how they found one in possession of the enemy and, despite the perilous situation, felt there was no choice but to get and use that phone given what was at stake.
He described the scene, and how they were trapped. “There were only seconds to form a plan and execute it. Our only hope was they wouldn’t shoot because they thought I was one of them. It worked, but not for long enough. As soon as I shot the two coming from the west, the jig was up. Their commander yelled ‘Fire!’ and that’s when I ran and screamed to Hendrix to run. But he stayed to complete the message.
“It was the most courageous and selfless act I can ever conceive. He knew he was giving his life to save the inspectors. When he finished the message, he crouched there with the thumbs up sign and a sad smile, then he disappeared … He was a great guy.”
They expressed their sympathy.
“Tell us what happened after the phone call,” said Colonel Larson. Robert related the account up to his capture, but stopped there. “Continue, son,” said the colonel. “We understand you witnessed the execution of one of our soldiers? Was this him?” the colonel asked, showing Robert a picture of a young black man. With a lump in his throat, Robert confirmed it was him, and told them of the murder and his torture. They had brought pictures of people whom they suspected might be the interrogator. Robert identified the criminal. “We’ll catch him,” promised Colonel Larson. They left.
The interrogator never was apprehended. He lived a long, comfortable life as a cleric in Syria.
Robert was released from hospital after recovering for nine days and transferred back to the United States on the next available transport plane. The next several weeks he spent recuperating at Fort Bragg. While there, he was visited by two senior military officials for more debriefing and warm congratulations. They were elated with his achievement. He was told he would receive the Distinguished Service Cross.
“Can we do anything for you?” they asked.
“Can I get out of the Army?”
They were surprised and disappointed at the request. “Why? You’ve done so well. We need men like you.”
“Well, sir, as you may know, I enlisted against my will. I was framed for a crime I didn’t commit and was released on the condition I sign with the Army for six years. But I want to get on with my life—what there is left of it, anyway. If I don’t get AIDS, I think I can still be a major league baseball player. I’ve served my country well, and I hope you can see your way to releasing me early.”
One of the gentlemen, General Turnbull, told him, “You should know that you’ve been cleared of those crimes.”
“What? How?”
“I don’t have all the details, but I know an inspector with the Ontario Police had a lot to do with it.”
“Inspector Taylor?”
“Yes, that sounds right.”
“I hope you’ll agree, sir, that this makes my case for release more compelling. Can you please grant this? It’s all I ask.”
“Very well, but we’ll require you for more debriefing. I’m also ordering you to undergo psychological counseling. You’ve been through the wringer, and we want to make sure you’re fit to release on an unsuspecting world. Your release will be after your HIV test in early July. That way you’ll be assured the Army will cover the tab for treatment if you do have HIV.”
The daily sessions with the psychologist helped him work through some of the major issues besetting him, but made no progress apropos his rage against Dominic.
On July third, he went for HIV testing. “Staff Sergeant Owens,” the doctor said as he arrived at his room. Expecting the worst, Robert shook visibly. “I have good news. There is no sign of HIV in your blood.” The relief was so enormous, Robert started to weep. The doctor went on, “In odd cases, it takes longer for HIV antibodies to show up, so you’ll need to get tested again in one month and four months from now. But so far so good. I think you should rest a lot easier now.” Robert thanked the doctor and left.
*
Upon his release from the Army, Robert went back to London. On his to-do list were dealing with the bureaucracy of vacating his conviction, killing Dominic, and seeing Kim and his son. In mid-June, he had made an appointment with the prosecutor’s office for July fifth. The prosecutor called Bill with the news. Bill told his daughter.
“He’s alive?” she said jumping to her feet. He nodded. She hugged her dad for pure joy.
They went to the office the morning of Robert’s appointment. Kristen sat shivering, her palms sweating, her breath short. She had to get up and walk around to quell some of the nervous energy. Then, there he was, looking gaunt and …
“Oh, my God!” she shrieked, putting her hand to her mouth. “They beat him. They tortured him!” Faint bruises were still evident on his face and arms, and he looked haggard; constant nightmares were stealing his repose. “I’m so sorry,” she called, as he was being escorted to the prosecutor’s office.
On spotting Kristen, he lost it. “No! I don’t want to talk to her. Get Mrs. Solano out of my sight!”
“No, Bobby, I’m not—”
“I don’t want to see you!” he cut in. She began to cry. “Get away from me!” he screamed.
Kristen ran down the hall in tears. Bill asked to see him alone for a few minutes. Robert agreed only because he was grateful for the inspector’s work to prove his innocence. Robert thanked him, but Bill gave Kristen the credit. “It was Krissy who proved your innocence, at considerable risk to herself, I might add. She also figured out that you were the unnamed soldier who helped get the news about the smallpox out.” Robert looked surprised, but said nothing. “At the news conference, the Irish inspector said the soldier was Canadian and American. Not too many of them in Delta Force, she guessed.” Robert nodded in confirmation. “You’re an impressive young man, Mr. Owens.” Bill reverted to the original topic. “Do you realize what a debt of gratitude you owe to Krissy?” he said calmly.
“Gratitude? She ruined my life!”
“She did nothing of the sort! All she did was tell the truth at the trial. She’s dying to talk to you.”
“What for? She’s married to that bastard, so what can she ever mean to me again?”
“I figured you still thought that when you called her Mrs. Solano. You wouldn’t give her the chance to explain that she called off the engagement soon after you were convicted. She stayed on long enough with him to find evidence that you were framed. The instant she found it, she left him.”
After a moment’s reflection, Robert said, “I’m glad for her sake she didn’t marry that criminal, but I can never forgive her for what she did to me.”
“Dominic and Judy were to blame. Krissy was not a perpetrator; she was a victim, like you.”
He chuckled bitterly, “Like me? Was she tortured? Did someone electrocute her and beat her to a pulp? Did she witness all her friends getting slaughtered? Did she become a killer?”
“I didn’t mean to imply you suffered equally. I’m truly sorry for everything you went through,” Bill said with emotion. “I just meant that she was as fooled by that bastard as you were.”
“As fooled? I begged her to leave him. I didn’t trust him from the start. I was framed by a criminal and found guilty by an incompetent legal system. Kristen set the whole thing in motion by agreeing to marry him and finished me off with her testimony.”
“And you bear no responsibility for your disgraceful behavior cheating on Krissy?” Bill took a deep breath and changed tactics. “She didn’t want to testify against you,” her father admitted. “She wanted to say you didn’t do any of it, but I insisted she tell the truth. Nothing more or less. That’s the way I was brought up; that’s the way I raised her.”
“So, tell the truth to perpetuate a lie? Interesting way you cops think.”
“We didn’t know it was a lie at the time.”
“You should have. I never took any illegal drugs in my life. Kristen knew that. She shouldn’t have testified against me.”
“But you are a thief, so you can’t blame her for assuming you stole the necklace, especially with the plant and the doctored evidence. All your other crimes—and only you know how many—went unpunished, so stop feeling the sting of injustice. What goes around comes around. Anyway, since I forced her to testify against her will, blame me.”
“Her will or yours, the testimony ruined me.”
“Just how are you ruined? You’re young. You have your life in front of you.”
“Maybe … You know the only thing I ever wanted to be was a major league pitcher.” He held up his right hand. His index finger was a bit cockeyed. “I’m not sure I can do it anymore with a gimped up hand and messed up head. There’s a good possibility my future is gone.”
“You’re a talented young man. You can do anything you set your mind to.”
“I only wanted to be a ball player, but fate snatched it away via your daughter.”
“Stop blaming this on Krissy!” said Bill. “She wasn’t in on the frame-up. She risked her life to prove your innocence. She was almost killed by a man that Judy hired.” Robert was appalled. “It’s true. He nearly choked her to death before I could get to him.” Robert’s face divulged his absolute shock. “Judy’s in prison for ten years. Krissy almost died for you. She still loves you and desperately wants to talk to you about that. Can I trust you not to attack her?”
“I would never hurt her.”
“Okay. You take care of the business of clearing your name. Then I’ll bring Krissy. If you’re foolish enough to dismiss her, let her down easily.” With that Bill left to tell Kristen.
The prosecutor who’d convicted Robert came into the room along with a police officer. He held out his hand and offered his apologies. Robert just sat there glaring at him. “I see you’re not in a forgiving mood,” said he. Another surly look. Robert was dying to crush the man. He signed some documents.
At last Robert said something: “I assume Dominic Solano spent some time in jail?”
“No, unfortunately, he got off.”
“What? You’re a first-class screw up, aren’t you?” The prosecutor suppressed his desire to rebut that declaration. “Tell me, have you ever convicted a guilty man?” Robert taunted further.
“Mr. Owens,” he began haughtily, “I am a successful crown prosecutor—”
“Don’t! Don’t you dare preach to me about how successful you are, with the misery you caused me, you son of a bitch!” Robert screamed. The officer stepped between the two to intervene. “Don’t worry,” Robert said to the cop, “I have no plans to attack anyone. If I did, you’d both be sprawled on the ground right now.” The officer laughed, and Robert stood up. Fortunately, Bill came back in at that point. Kristen stood just outside the open door, watching and listening.
“Whoa, what’s going on here?” Bill said. “Calm down, Bob. May I ask for a minute alone with him?” The two left, with the cop, who had no idea how close he’d come to getting the most painful lesson of his life, glowering at Robert. “What was that about?” asked Bill.
“That idiot told me Solano got off. I just want to scream!”
“You were screaming. I have to warn you not to take the law into your own hands.”
“I warned you if you didn’t take care of this I would.”
“First of all, trying to get revenge on him would be very risky. He’s well guarded now.”
“Do you think a couple of goons would pose any problem for me? I just killed half the Republican Guard.”
“Okay, assuming you succeed in getting to him, what will you do? Are you really a murderer now?”
“Good question. Am I? I’ve killed a lot of people. I had my government’s sanction, which I’m told gave me permission to kill. But tell me, does God recognize that public stamp of approval?”
“If you assault him, you’ll go back to jail; if you kill him you’ll spend the rest of your life in jail. Is that scum worth it?”
He smashed the table with his fist and roared, “Goddammit! He can’t just get away with it. I won’t let him.”
Kristen came in and pleaded, “Please don’t go after him. Just forget he even exists. I have.”
“How kind of you. I’m not so forgiving. I loathe injustice, especially when the victim is me. I need to see Solano suffer for what he did to me, to both of us!”
“Killing him or maiming him will ruin your life. Please let go of your hatred.”
“Drop it, Taylor. Your father said you want to talk to me.”
Uneasy about what his odium would lead to and disheartened at his asperity, she said, “Okay, um, I wanted to say that I’m sorry for testifying against you, but I need you to know that I only told the truth. I tried to say I didn’t think you did it, but the prosecutor cut me off every time. I’m so sorry for the pain I’ve caused you.”
“Fine. Is that everything?” he said curtly.
“No. Bobby, I still love you. Is there any chance for us?”
“Surely you must know that you and I are poison together. Have we even spent a few months together without an argument or fight? How can you possibly love me with all you’ve been through on my account?”
“That’s obviously what you feel about me, then. You don’t love me after all I’ve put you through.” He looked down. “I see,” she said sadly. “However you feel about me, I will always love you.”
“You don’t even know me anymore. I’m a killer now—”
“No!”
“Listen to me! I ended the lives of at least ten human beings there. One of the soldiers I killed was maybe fourteen years old. That’s how old I was when I met you: just a little kid shoveling dirt. I shot him in the head,” he said with a trembling voice. “I see his dead eyes whenever I close my eyes. I hear the cries of his parents, his brothers and sisters when they learn he’s dead. I feel their hatred for me. You love a child murderer.”
At this point he abruptly stopped. He clenched his jaw and shut his eyes. He struggled desperately to maintain control, but overcome with anguish, he broke down crying. He turned away from the Taylors and wept for a short time, a poignant episode that exposed the mental torment beleaguering him.
Kristen, weeping empathetically, ventured to hug him, but he said, “No!”
Warily, she reached out and grasped his hand. She put her other hand on his face and gently turned his head to face her. “I have no doubt that what you did was necessary or you wouldn’t have done it. You helped save millions of lives. Do you see their joyful eyes? Do you hear their laughter? Do you feel their deep gratitude? Do you know how many parents, brothers, sisters, husbands, wives, and children are not grieving because of you? You are a hero. The word is overused, but it genuinely describes you.”
At this emotional time, Robert felt more like a coward than a hero. He brooded over his cowardice during the early part of the mission, he dwelt on the sheer terror he felt in the line of fire, he wondered whether he should have stayed by Hendrix’s side until the call was completed, and he chastised himself for leaving Fernandez’s side in his botched attempt to deal with the rocket, all of which led to a profound reproach of conscience for surviving when the others had died.
When he replied to Kristen, with a solemn expression, “The heroes are dead,” he meant it.
“Not all of them … Please give me some hope for us.”
“If you had accepted my marriage proposal, none of this would have happened. Now it’s much too late.”
She lowered her head and said ruefully, “You asked right after you shattered my heart, and I knew you didn’t want to get married. If I had accepted, you would’ve wound up resenting me. Still, I’ve regretted my answer ever since. It was the worst mistake of my life.”
“Yeah, mine, too,” he said resentfully. Her sad eyes communicated her remorse. “Anyway, there’s nothing we can do about it now.”
“Yes, there is! Just give me another chance.”
“Stop!” he commanded. She took an involuntary breath and kept quiet. Bill moved toward the two to intervene if necessary. “Enough of this, Taylor,” Robert went on, “I don’t want to be mean to you, but I’m not interested in a relationship with you any longer.”
She hung her head, her wretched countenance the picture of utter despair. Though mere inches apart, it seemed nothing could bridge the chasm between them. Robert left, and Bill went to hug his disconsolate daughter.
After a minute of melancholy silence, she speculated, “He’s going after Dominic, Dad.”
“That’s my guess, too.”
“We have to stop him. We should go to Dominic’s place right away.”
They drove there, parked a few hundred yards away, walked up to the estate and hid in a clump of hemlock trees near the front gate. About ten minutes later, Robert got out of a cab. Here to redeem his vow to repay Dominic, he stood in front of the camera at the front gate. Father and daughter looked at each other as if to say, “I knew it.”
“I’m afraid he’ll get hurt,” Kristen whispered.
“I think we should be more afraid he’ll hurt or even kill them.”
“We should stop any fight before it begins.”
“Ordinarily, I’d agree, but he’ll just come back. This has to come to a head. I’ll step in if it looks like life or limb might be at stake.”
Seventeen minutes later, a limousine pulled up to the gate. Dominic, two bodyguards, and his driver were in the car. Robert stood in the way. The four got out to confront the man.
Dominic, cockier than ever, opened with, “Well, well, well. Look who’s back: soldier boy. You’ve come back to get me, eh?” he said laughing. “I beat the shit out of you before, and I can do it again. But in case you learned something in the Army, I have some friends to help.” Robert maintained an impassive expression. “You know, genius, you were, uh, real easy to defeat. Just hire a whore to end things between you and Kristen, stick a couple of things in your pocket, and fool, uh, Kristen into testifying against you, and boom! You’re in the American Army.” He guffawed again.
Kristen gaped at her father when Dominic mentioned the hooker. Bill had judged it politic to withhold this news from his daughter. The entirety of Dominic’s successful scheme to depose Robert now patent, she was livid. Robert, as if he needed more provocation, was livider.
“And do you want to hear something really hilarious?” Dominic continued, “When, uh, Kristen called to accept my proposal, the same woman who did you in was doing very naughty things to me. We had a good laugh over that one.” He roared with laughter. “By the way, you owe me ten grand for the whore.” He motioned, and the two bodyguards moved in to earn their keep. One had a truncheon. Bill took out his gun. Kristen looked at the size of the bodyguards and trembled.
The first lesson Robert had learned in Delta Force combat techniques was there is no such thing as fighting fair. In close combat, you are fighting for your life. Do whatever you have to do, and use whatever you have at your disposal to defeat the enemy.
Robert reached into his pockets for two fistfuls of dirt, which he launched at the bodyguards’ eyes when they got close enough. This incapacitated the one with the club, and threw off the other enough for Robert to get the first strikes in: a punishing punch to the face and kick to the ankle, which hobbled the assailant. Still on his feet, ready to fight, the bodyguard attempted a jab, which Robert avoided. Robert spat at him to throw him off more. As the man winced, Robert smashed him in the temple with his palm, staggering him. A kick to the side of his knee left him wobbly, his center line wide open to attack. Robert kicked him in the groin. Down he went to his knees. Robert elbowed him in the jaw, and down he went, unconscious.
This took mere seconds, not time enough for the other bodyguard to recover his sight sufficiently to defend himself. He was nevertheless swinging his stick at Robert. Robert chopped him hard across his Adam’s apple, which left him unable to get enough air; he dropped his club. Three more hard hits to the face with his palm, and he went down. Robert grabbed the club and whacked him across the side of his head, knocking him out.
He turned toward the nervous driver, a small man who would have bolted had it not been for some 22-caliber courage he carried with him. When he pulled out his gun, Kristen gasped, Bill dashed toward the two, and Robert flung the stick at the chauffeur. It hit him hard in the chest, which slowed him down enough for Robert to run up to him and grab the hand with the gun before the driver could point it. Robert smashed his hand on the car hood, eliciting a scream from the man. The man dropped the gun. Robert grabbed the man’s hair and smashed his head on the car, knocking him out.
The whole fight took only sixty-seven seconds. None of the three laid a hand on him.
Dominic, in shock over Robert’s ruthless efficiency, stood frozen for a minute, then he turned to run. Robert picked up the gun and warned, “Take one more step, and I’ll drop you!”
Dominic stopped and petitioned Bill: “Help!”
Robert looked around at Bill, who was holding a gun, but not pointing it; he saw Kristen approaching. Bill told Robert to drop the gun. Robert threw the gun aside. Then he walked up to Dominic, seized him by the throat, and lifted him off the ground, the fence supporting his weight. Dominic couldn’t breathe.
“Laugh now, ball-licking ass-rammer!” Robert challenged.
Kristen urged, “Bobby, stop it! Let go of his neck. He can’t breathe.”
“That’s the idea. Look at the fucker squirm. Feels awesome, doesn’t it?”
“Let go of him,” insisted the inspector.
“No!” screamed Robert. “He deserves to die! He can’t just get away with ruining my life. That fucking airline pilot got away with it. Not this time!”
Striding to his side, Kristen pleaded, “Let him go. You’re not a murderer!”
“Yes I am!”
“This is not you! You’re a good man. Only the best could have done what you did. Don’t throw everything away for him. He’s not worth it. You’d spend the rest of your life in jail!”
“The rest of my life … If I really did something so special, would they put me in jail for killing one measly crook?”
“You know the answer to that question. You know murder is wrong. It would ruin your life; it would ruin your soul!” She grasped his elbow and entreated with passion, “Please let him go!”
Deep within him, his conscience was telling him the same thing. In his mind, he saw his mother and sister crying, and his father shaking his head over what he was doing. There was also the police officer standing behind him with his gun drawn. He lowered his head, released his grip, and dropped the frightened man, who fell to the ground clutching his throat and gasping for air. Bill put his gun away and came up to Robert to put on handcuffs. He didn’t resist. Bill checked on the three prone men.
“They’re alive. If I meant to kill them, they’d be dead,” Robert said.
“But you did mean to kill Dominic,” Bill asserted.
“He deserves to die as much as anyone I killed in Iraq. I can’t stand the thought that he’ll just get away with what he did to me.”
“I want him charged with attempted murder!” squeaked Dominic. Robert went for him again, handcuffed and all, ready to kick him to death, but Kristen stood in his way. He backed down.
Kristen addressed herself to Dominic. “If you have him charged, he’ll come back to get you when he gets out, and I won’t stop him,” she pointed out. “You’ll spend every waking minute looking over your shoulder.”
Bill told Dominic to see to his unconscious entourage and led Robert to his car. Kristen followed.
“Hold it,” Dominic said. “If I don’t press charges, will you agree to leave me alone?”
Kristen looked at Robert imploringly. “Yes,” he replied caustically.
“Then I won’t press charges,” Dominic said.
As Bill put Robert in the car, he said, “I can still charge you with attempted murder and assault, you know.”
“No, Dad, please,” Kristen begged. “He stopped. He let him go.” Bill started the car and drove off.
“Do I have your word this feud with Dominic is over?”
“Yes,” Robert promised.
Bill drove for a few minutes without saying anything. Finally, he said, “I’m releasing you, but only because of what you did for your country.”
“Thank you, Dad,” Kristen said. “Come home with us please, Bobby.”
“No, Kristen. We’ve been through this. Let me out here, Mr. Taylor. I need to be alone.” He stopped the car, helped Robert out and took off the handcuffs. “Goodbye, Mr. Taylor. Goodbye, Kristen.” It sounded final.
The Taylors drove away, Bill worried about what the embittered, dangerous man might do next, and Kristen looking at him receding as the distance between them grew, fearing it would be the last she would ever see of him. Her sole hope lay with fate.
*
Upon returning to the United States, Robert had called the Twins to ask about signing with the team. They suggested he follow his plan to go to university so they could assess his prospects. He wrote letters to the three universities that had granted him baseball scholarships, asking for another chance. He didn’t mention his injured hand. All three said yes, though baseball scholarships depended on his performance, and he chose Berkeley.
Unbeknownst to Kristen, he stayed with Kim and his son over the summer. He walked up to her door and stood there a few moments to muster his courage. He rang the bell. Kim answered and immediately rushed out to hug him. After a moment, she said, “Thank God you’re okay … You are okay?”
He nodded, but she saw the truth in his eyes, dark semicircles below underscoring the sorrow within. She touched his face gently and kissed his cheek. “Come in. It’s been the better part of two years. I tried to reach you, but never could. Why didn’t you call or write?”
“I’m sorry. It’s complicated. I wanted to. I’m not sure I know myself.”
“Kristen told me you were the other soldier who got the UN arms inspectors out. Is it true?”
“Yes, but I have to keep it quiet. I just want to forget the whole thing.”
Kim hugged him again. “I’m so proud of you. Can we at least tell our son?”
“When he gets older, and we can trust him to keep a secret.”
“Brian,” she called. “There’s someone very special here to see you.” The cute little toddler scurried up to his mother and stood behind her legs, head jutting out looking up at the tall stranger. Robert stood next to Kim, as afraid of his son as his son was of him. Seeing how Brian had grown and knowing he’d missed most of his son’s life thus far, Robert felt empty inside. “Brian, this man is your father. He’s your daddy. Can you give him hugs and kisses?” He clung to his mother’s leg. “Don’t worry,” she told Robert. “He’ll come around. Just give him some time.”
After almost a week at Kim’s, the three went out to the backyard as the weather at last turned clement. Kim was showing Robert her new Stewartia tree when they heard a splash. He ran over and saw Brian in the pool, so he jumped in fully clothed to rescue his son. Standing in the pool holding the boy in his arms, he was shaking. He embraced Brian, kissed his head and began to cry.
“He’s okay, Bob,” reassured Kim. “He can swim. Let him go. Really, he’ll be fine.”
It took about a minute, but Robert finally let go, and off Brian went to the deep end, swimming like a pro. Robert stayed within an arm’s length the whole time.
“You know you’re not to jump in when Mommy or Daddy isn’t there. Never do that again, all right?” said Kim. He nodded and swam off. Robert got out, sloshed to the deck, and removed sneakers, socks, shorts, and shirt, and went in to change.
He came out again a few minutes later and sat next to Kim, watching Brian swim. He was embarrassed about the incident. “It never occurred to me such a small boy could swim. I must have looked pretty foolish.”
“You were trying to protect your child. That’s what fathers do.”
Feeling he needed to excuse himself for crying, he admitted, “I thought—now that I’m here, he’s going to drown for sure.”
“Oh, Bob, how can you think that?” She held his hand. “Brian won’t die because you love him. You must know there can’t be a cause and effect relationship between your love and anyone’s death. It’s not your fault your family died, Bob. It was their time or just bad luck. They didn’t die because you loved them.”
Brian got out of the pool and for the first time climbed onto his father’s lap, seeking warmth and protection. Robert put his arms around his son and leaned his head over to provide both. It was the beginning of love for father and son. This little being, a lost part of himself restored to him, was helping to reawaken in him hope for the future, and a willingness to entertain the possibility of love without fear of loss. Looking at his delightful, innocent, vivacious child, how could he, how could anyone, doubt that life was worthwhile, and that love was indispensable to it? Robert no longer doubted this, but still couldn’t help asking himself, What if he dies?
Kim was, of course, curious about his experience in Iraq and asked about it, but he was chary of details. He had nightmares every night, sometimes waking up screaming. For that reason, and because of the possibility he had HIV, he declined her invitation to sleep with her. Kim did her best to comfort him. Sometimes she’d hear him weeping in the bathroom, where he’d go to hide his tears from Kim and Brian. She would leave him to grieve, but condole with him when he came out and invite him to talk about it. He never said much.
Brian asked his mother one August morning, “Why Daddy cwying? Is he huwt?” This would have been difficult to explain to an adult, never mind a toddler, though it helped that he gave every indication of taking after his father in intelligence.
“Yes, Brian,” she began as she picked him up and sat him on her lap, “he is hurt. You see, he went away to do something very important for you and me and a lot of other people. Some very bad men were going to do something awful that would have hurt millions of people. That’s more people than you’ve ever seen! We had to send some brave men to stop them, and your daddy was one of them.”
“Did the bad men huwt Daddy?”
“Yes they did.”
“Wherwe?”
“He’s hurt in a lot of places: his hands, his face, his chest; but mostly he’s hurt inside.”
“He has a tummy ache?”
“No, it’s more like he’s sad.”
“Why?”
“Well, sometimes a good man like Daddy has to do bad things to stop bad men. Whenever a good man does bad things, it makes him sad.”
“Is dat why Daddy scweams?”
“Partly. And Daddy saw a lot of scary things that the bad men did, so he’s having nightmares. Now, I don’t want you to worry about the bad guys coming here, okay? Your daddy got them all.”
He nodded and went to the bathroom door, knocked and said, “Daddy, let me in.”
“Not right now, little fella,” answered the weeping man. His next HIV test was looming, and the stress was overwhelming.
“I want to kiss you bettew.”
Robert opened the door and saw Brian holding out his arms to be picked up. Robert did his son’s bidding. Brian kissed him on his hands, cheek and chest, and on his stomach for his inside. He hugged his child and cried some more.
That night, Robert went through his trunk. He took out his baseball mitt and put it on his hand. As he opened and closed it and punched the pocket, he reflected on what might have been, what would have been if not for his awful luck. With tears in his eyes, he put the glove back and sorted through the disarrayed remnants of his dead family. Oh, the irretrievable loss! Still bedeviling him a dozen years later. What might have been, what would have been were it not for his awful luck. He slammed the lid down and kicked the trunk. He was tired of the sinking feeling he got every time he opened it. The last thing he needed was to dwell on his family’s tragedy with the horrendous memories from Iraq weighing him down.
He looked at the trunk with hatred and made a decision. After dashing upstairs to get a garbage bag, he returned to his trunk and opened it. He began by stuffing his old clothes into the garbage bag: no loss there. Next he put in the glove. That was harder, but it was a price he was willing to pay to put his past behind him. The first keepsake he lifted out of the trunk was his mother’s Olympic medal. With tears in his eyes, he dropped it into the garbage bag, but then a wave of anguish overcame him, and he said, “What am I doing?” He recovered the medal and held it close to his heart. He wanted to stop grieving over his family, but throwing away all he had of them was not the answer.
Back upstairs he went to join Brian and Kim, who were watching TV. As he sat staring at his son, the answer hit him: his keepsakes weren’t all that was left of his family. Kristen had said it years earlier: look what they left for the world. Himself. And now his son. He asked Kim for a lock of his son’s hair for a keepsake. She smiled and immediately complied. He ran down to the cellar to put it in his trunk. Now he could regard the trunk with equanimity, for henceforth it held not only treasured memories of his old life, but the promise of new life and hope for the future. He would leave the trunk at Kim’s for now, but would come back for it.
The HIV test later that week came back negative, so it was all but certain he didn’t have HIV. (The Iraqi guard had returned with a sedative instead of the HIV solution the interrogator had ordered.) Hopping back up on the fence of agnosticism, Robert privately whispered a prayer of thanks, just in case. That evening he told Kim of the needle—she was horrified and wept for him—and the good news on the test and asked if her invitation to sleep with her was still open. Saying nothing, she took off his clothes and hers, and the two went to bed.
By the time he left for Berkeley in late August, he’d become so attached to his son it was hard to say goodbye. And Kim: How comforting it had been to wake up beside her for those difficult weeks of recuperating from his experience in Iraq. How understanding she had been of his nightmares. How naturally she made him feel good about himself again. How wonderful she was in bed. What an amazing woman she is, he thought. If only she were ten years younger.
How safe and secure she felt waking up next to this fine man for those summer weeks. How special it was to see her son playing with his father. How thrilling it was to be so intimate with a real hero. She asked if he “might consider staying, you know, for Brian,” but to him that was tantamount to giving up his lifelong dream. He said no. Kim intended to visit him at regular intervals for Brian to see his dad, and for her to see what might develop with him.
Robert struggled with his vendetta against Dominic throughout the summer. Notwithstanding his promise to the Taylors, his knowledge of the consequences and the self-loathing he came to feel while he was strangling Dominic, his thirst for vengeance repeatedly demanded slaking. He borrowed Kim’s car a few times in July and early August and parked near Dominic’s place, hoping for an opportunity to attack. Fortunately, Dominic, afraid of his arch-rival, had removed himself from the country for an extended holiday on the Riviera. Bill had phoned to suggest he leave for the time being.
As time passed, Robert’s wrath diminished, and logic began to assert ascendancy over his emotions. Kristen was correct, he eventually concluded. Dominic’s ruin would mean his own; the price was far too high. He continued to hate Dominic, but learned to control it.
Just before he left the Arnold house, without Kim’s knowledge, he sat his son on his knee and showed him his Distinguished Service Cross. Two-year-old Brian was fascinated by the object and took it in his hands to examine it. He was far too young to know its significance, but Robert wanted his son to have it. Robert left it in his top dresser drawer, thinking Kim would get a nice surprise when she saw it.
After Robert left, Brian pushed over a chair and climbed on it to get the new prize Daddy left for him. He accidentally dropped it down a heating vent he’d opened to explore. Brian wanted it back, but it was gone, so he sat and cried.

Chapter Five

Big Leagues

Four revolutions of the sun did the Earth traverse with little of note transpiring, except that 493 million people entered, and 205 million people exited, seven million at the hands of their fellow man. Robert, hard at his studies, took no notice of the world at large beyond baseball. At Berkeley, he was an excellent student, graduating summa cum laude with a degree in computer science, and he was a star pitcher for the Golden Bears baseball team, drafted by the Minnesota Twins in his senior year. He kept mostly to himself, the experiences in Iraq having made him more disinclined than ever to form relationships.
Soon after arriving in Berkeley, Robert began to think about Kristen and came to regret the way he had treated her. As time passed and the horror of what had befallen him steadily receded, it started to sink in what she and her father had done for him. She wasn’t blameless; she should have stood behind him when he needed her most. But it was him, he recognized, who started the avalanche when he cheated on her. He’d had no right to treat her the way he did. It wasn’t her fault any more than it was his. She had worked to exonerate him and almost died doing it, then stopped him from making the worst mistake of his life.
I didn’t even thank her, he reflected with shame. It was a grievous error to reject her, he eventually concluded, but: What can I do about it now? It was just too awkward to call her, and as time passed, it became more so. He tried not to think about her.
All the while Kristen was in close proximity—across San Francisco Bay at Stanford University. She had decided that she would like to be a doctor specializing in childhood cancer. But the two never crossed paths, even though his team visited Stanford every year. One time, the two were within fifty paces of each other in a crowded concourse, but neither knew it.
*
At Stanford, Kristen did her pre-clinical work in two academic years, then her clinical work in sixteen months. She was a sensation there, impressing even the most exacting and stern of professors. Men were bewitched by the lovely maiden. Women either admired her or resented her depending on their disposition. She turned down dozens of requests for dates. The few times she accepted, she broke it off quickly, saying another possessed her heart.
“Who is this lucky guy, and why does he forsake this treasure?” everyone wondered. Her constancy toward him was remarkable. He had made an indelible impression on her as the best of his sex. Whether he deserved her veneration wasn’t the point, for the heart knows love, not logic. She loved him profoundly, and nothing—not time, not another man, not his rejecting her—would ever change that.
By the time Robert finished at Berkeley, Kristen was nearing the end of her first year as a pediatrics resident at the Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital at Stanford.
During her first year in California, Kristen had called to ask Kim if she knew of his whereabouts, but she maintained she didn’t. Kristen found this hard to believe, since his son was there, and wondered whether Kim was hoping for a future together with him. Kim, as planned, had visited Robert a dozen times over the four years, but he showed no interest in her beyond the sexual, to her disappointment.
*
Jennifer was across the continent, still in New York City. After finishing high school, she had gone to work at her father’s advertising firm, starting as a secretary. Her father’s male colleagues, who couldn’t stop staring at her, suggested to him and her that she should do television commercials for the firm, a prospect that thrilled the young lady. With her father’s blessing, she began a successful career in commercials.
Her relationship with Kristen had improved after she left Canada. The two had begun talking on the phone and soon got into the routine of conversing for a half-hour or so every Sunday. Kristen had kept her apprised of how things were progressing with Robert until their denouement. Jennifer had shared her cousin’s tribulations through the trial, the thrill of his heroics in Iraq, and the heartbreak of his dismissal of Kristen. Not that Jennifer was displeased—she wasn’t over Robert herself—but she felt genuinely bad for her cousin. The two spent Kristen’s first spring break together in New York and enjoyed it so much they repeated the visit for the next four years.
Jennifer had begun to think about a career in acting and had gone to several auditions for plays, but was unsuccessful every time. Beauty wasn’t enough, she’d learned. One needed real acting talent to make it on the stage in New York. She’d decided to learn the craft, enrolling in expensive acting lessons offered by a private school run by former Broadway actors. Still, her success was limited to a few appearances on a soap opera.
Fortunately for her, a record producer saw her on the soap opera and saw star promise in her. That he’d never heard her sing is merely an obvious observation on the present state of the music industry. One simply needs to be young and pretty; talent in music is unnecessary. He asked her to audition a new song, and she was happy to comply. He liked what he saw and heard. Jennifer had an excellent voice.
“Krissy, I just recorded a song!” ejaculated Jennifer as soon as Kristen answered the phone that evening.
“Wow!” said her cousin.
“It should be released in about three months.”
“Congratulations, Jenny, I’m happy for you. My cousin, a pop star.”
“Well, let’s not get ahead of ourselves. Maybe my song will flop.” The two talked about the song for a few minutes, and Jennifer sang the chorus. Afterward, Jennifer continued, “What’s new with you?”
“Nothing nearly as exciting. Residents work long hours. I’m really enjoying pediatrics. My professor, Andrew, is fantastic.”
“Andrew? Are you on a first name basis with all your professors?”
“No, just him.”
“Is there something you’re not telling me, cuz?”
“Well, he really likes me. I like him, too.”
“Tell me about him.”
“He’s intelligent and caring. He’s tall and very handsome; he has blond hair and brown eyes. He’s a bit old, thirty-three, but he’s a marvelous teacher.”
“So is he enough to make you finally forget Bobby?”
“I’ll never forget him. I still love him, but I think I can live a happy life without him. Anyway, I don’t think I’ll ever see him again. Andrew has hinted he’d like to date me. I won’t be his student anymore as of August, and maybe we can start dating.”
*
After spending two stellar months in triple-A ball, Robert Peter Owens was called up to the major leagues on August 14th. He made his debut for the Twins three days later in a game against the Red Sox in the sixth inning. His team was well behind, an ideal situation to bring in an untested rookie pitcher. The first batter up laced a line-drive base hit to right, which was worrisome, but he settled down after that, and ended up pitching one inning, allowing the one hit, one walk, and no runs. Trying to capture his feelings in one word is difficult, but here goes: electrified-blissful-proud-nervous-as-hell.
Sports reporters gathered around him after the game, asking the obvious. “How did it feel?”
“There is no word to capture how thrilled I am,” he replied. “It’s been my lifelong dream. I’m very grateful to the Twins for giving me a chance.”
He got home, a small apartment he’d just rented in Minneapolis, still excited, but soon became sullen because he had no one special with whom to celebrate the best occasion of his life. Robert sat there alone, drinking a bottle of expensive, award-winning wine that his uneducated palate could not prize, and looked out the window, thinking about his dad’s first day when he ruined his shoulder and how devastated he must have been. Then he thought of Kristen’s point that his father met his mother only because of that misfortune. For the first time, he understood what she was trying to convey. For the first time, he began to think how nice it would be to have someone to share his life with: to have a wife, to have Kristen.
“But she’s long gone and she probably hates me. I wonder about Jenny,” he said aloud to no one.
On August 29th, Jeremy called Kristen and told her to turn on the TV to the sports network. There he was on TV, pitching for the Twins against Seattle. Pitching in long relief, he ended up winning the game: his first major league win. How ecstatic she was to find him, how proud she was of him, and how happy for him. After the game, Kristen went to her computer and found the Twins’ website. She checked the schedule and learned the team would be in Oakland the next Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
To Oakland Dr. Taylor went that Tuesday. She got to the stadium a half-hour before game time to make sure she could get a good seat. “Can I get a seat close to where Minnesota’s pitchers sit?” she asked the woman in the ticket booth.
“I have some available seats in the second row next to the bullpen.”
“How far is that from the pitchers?” Kristen asked.
The lady looked over her glasses at her as if to say, “Shopping for a husband, dear?” She said, “The second row would be maybe ten feet away from the pitchers.” Too close for comfort.
Kristen bought a seat in the fourth row, donned her sunglasses, tucked up her hair under her new Twins cap, and walked into the stadium. The players were on the field warming up, she saw as she walked down the stairs toward her seat.
She spotted number 13 standing by the front row of seats, talking to several men. Oh, God, it’s him! she said to herself, taking in a deep breath and putting her left hand to her mouth. So emotional was she, her eyes and nose started to moisten, and so excited, goose bumps jumped up all over her body. Yet melancholy slowly began to eclipse her joy. He was right there, twenty feet away from her, but he might as well have been on the moon, so distant was the prospect of being with him. She took her seat and listened in on the badinage as best she could. The men with whom he was conversing were current and former Berkeley ballplayers here to see Robert play.
“What’s it like?” one asked.
“Well, I’m way too special to associate with you clowns anymore,” he joked. They jostled with him, shoving and laughing like little boys. This was heaven for him, Kristen knew. She overheard him giving his phone number to one of his former teammates. She jotted it down for safe-keeping.
A young boy approached Robert and asked him who he was. Robert answered. “Can you get his autograph for me?” the boy said pointing to another Twins pitcher. His friends hooted at that.
Robert asked the pitcher to sign the boy’s program, but he refused without his standard fifty-dollar fee. “Sorry, kid,” he said, “he charges for his autographs, but you can have mine for free if you want.”
“No,” said the boy, and his friends howled again. Kristen giggled, too.
“Hey, Owens,” jested one friend, “I’ll take your autograph if you pay me.” Robert pulled out a sawbuck, signed it, and gave it to him.
“Hey, Owens, you could charge fifty bucks for your autograph, too, if you did it on a hundred-dollar bill,” another of the guys joked.
Once the game got under way, he warned his friends to calm down. He was serious about baseball. He didn’t pitch that day, but Kristen enjoyed being there close to him.
Kristen called her cousin that evening with the exciting news. “I found him, Jenny!”
“Who? Bobby?”
“Yes. He’s a major league baseball player; he’s on the Minnesota Twins. I went to see him play today.”
“He made it, eh? I’m glad for him. He must be so happy. How did he react to you?”
“I was way too nervous to go near him. I just watched.”
“What about Andrew?” Jennifer asked.
“I don’t know.”
“Krissy, are you sure you want to open this can of worms again? With Bobby, I mean. It sounds like Andrew could be the best thing for you. I don’t want to see you hurt again.”
“Thanks, Jenny. It’s likely nothing will come of it anyway. A big league baseball player will get lots of female attention. I can’t see how I would have a chance for him anymore.”
“You say that, but you don’t really believe it, do you? You won’t give up on him, will you?”
“Not without trying once more for him.”
Jennifer said goodbye and muttered an oath.
Kristen went to the rest of the Twins games in Oakland that summer, but could never bring herself to approach him.
*
In early September, Jennifer’s song was released. Although the song wasn’t much good, it was among the best out at the time and went as high as number four on the charts, assisted by her sexy music video, which was later nominated for Video of the Year. The video was noticed by a certain Minnesota Twins pitcher. When he saw her as he was channel surfing on a lonely evening, he was again instantly spellbound, just like the fourteen-year-old who gazed with awe at her matchless beauty the first time they met. Unable to get her off his mind, he hacked into the record company’s computer system to get her number. But he couldn’t convince himself to dial it.
In mid-September, with the Twins in Toronto to play the Blue Jays, Robert asked Kim and his son to the city for the weekend. Kim enjoyed the wining and dining in the city with Robert, but was indisposed to hosting him in the hotel room at night with their son sleeping close by. “Don’t worry, he’s asleep,” Robert would say, but women have a hard time letting go when their children are nearby.
Kim permitted Robert some action, but warned him to stay quiet. Before they went to sleep, Kim whispered, “I assume from your bawdy conduct with me that you’re still not serious about any woman?”
“No, I’m not.”
“You plan on ever settling down?”
“I think I blew my only chance.”
“You mean with Kristen?”
“Yes. I think I miss her more every day. I made a huge mistake pushing her away. She’s long gone, I guess.”
“There are other fine women in the world, Bob,” said Kim. “Maybe someone right under your nose,” she added, as she pulled him on top of her.
“Maybe,” was all he said.
She sighed and made love with him for the last time. The next day she accepted a date with a handsome associate professor at Western. She’d wanted to see how things went on the weekend with Robert before moving forward with this exceptional prospect.
Robert ended his rookie season with a mediocre record. He was proud of making the majors, but disappointed in his performance. The injury done to his fingers in Iraq had begun to take its toll. His wonky fingers had forced a slight change to his pitching delivery, which maintained his former effectiveness but increased the strain on his arm. At the college and minor league levels, he was able to perform well because the competition was manageable. At the major league level, though, he’d had to pull out all the stops to keep the opposition at bay. He finished the season with a very sore shoulder. The father’s Achilles’ Heel is the son’s, he thought, envisaging a quick end to a forgettable major league career.
The Twins didn’t make the playoffs. Robert intended to spend his four-month layoff vegetating, but could brook no more than two weeks of it. So, for lack of anything more productive to do, he took a few graduate courses online, his first step toward a PhD in computer science.
He also visited his son in Kilworth twice. On the first trip, he learned that Kim had met a man, a professor whom she was getting serious about. Robert had to sleep in the spare bedroom. He brought a pintsized Twins uniform, plus a glove, bat, and several baseballs for his son and started teaching him the basics of the game. One of the baseballs was the one he’d pitched first in the majors. Brian treasured that one.
On the second visit, he learned Kim planned to get married soon. She assured him he could see his son whenever he pleased, however. He asked if Brian could stay with him when they went on their honeymoon, and she thought that was an outstanding idea; she was going to ask if he didn’t offer. Father and son spent a delightful fortnight over Christmas season sightseeing in California.

Chapter Six

Jenny and Bobby Sitting in a Tree

Robert had held back on calling Jennifer throughout the autumn; it was her cousin he wanted. In early January, though, he decided to call Jennifer. Maybe he could learn what had become of Kristen through her, he reasoned.
“Hi, Jenny, guess who,” he greeted when she answered.
“You know what? You’re the second person who’s called this morning asking that, and this is like the fifth call already from guys looking for action or money. I don’t care who you are.”
“Okay, well, I guess I caught you at a bad time or in a bad mood, or maybe you’ve turned into a real bitch now that you’re famous. Come to think of it, you’re not much different from the last time I saw you in Kilworth.”
“Bobby? Bobby Owens?”
“Never mind. This was a mistake. Goodbye.” He hung up determined to forget about her.
“Bobby? Bobby! Oh, shit!”
Jennifer had never lost interest in her first love. With her looks, not to mention her newfound success, she could have had a better-looking man, a richer man, a more famous or accomplished man, a nicer man—well, any man she pleased—but this was the only man she’d ever loved, and he was the only man who had saved her life, or so she thought, and that tends to bedazzle a woman. It wasn’t so much that she felt she owed him for that, for he never once made her feel she did, which she thought estimable; it was more that the Taylor women required gallantry of their men, and what could be more gallant than a dashing war hero who’d saved her life?
Knowing how Kristen still felt about him, Jennifer hadn’t done anything about her desire for him, but why did he call? Was he interested in her? If so, why should she step aside and leave him to Kristen? Kristen had no greater claim to him; he had always preferred her to Kristen in her view. She tried *69, but it didn’t work. Then she called the Twins’ head office, but the team refused to share contact information with anyone without the player’s prior approval, and she didn’t have it. “Where and when is spring training for your team?” she asked.
*
On GRAMMY night in late February, Jennifer and her date arrived to grand fanfare. Her finery got more publicity than the ferry that sank that day in Indonesia, killing 879 people. Kristen, who was watching the show on TV, almost fainted when she saw Robert enter with her.
Jennifer had wanted to forewarn her cousin about this, but couldn’t find a way to tell her. The day spring training for pitchers opened, Jennifer had gone to see him in Ft. Myers to make amends, and to investigate her prospects for him. Maybe now that he was older and she was getting rich and famous, he might be willing to make a commitment, she hoped. Had she phoned, he would have told her to go to hell, but she showed up in person. Once he saw his charmer in a halter top and short denim shorts that looked like they were drawn on her, he was under her command once more.
They spent the next two months together in Florida, but her hold, as ever, was tenuous, for a bond based on physical attraction alone is easily made, but also easily broken. One needs the physical for the initial draw and the spiritual to make it stick, which prompts some doggerel that could make Robert Frost sit up in his coffin and bang his skull: “Baby, I am the base, you are the fixer/ together we make glue that really sticks, sir.” (Kristen was supposed to recite that verse, but she flatly refused to do it.)
Dressed in a slinky black mini-dress so short that no man in the audience blinked for her entire rendition, she performed her song. As the song was coming to an end, she sauntered into the audience, went to Robert, sat on his lap, put her arms around him, sang the final words while looking in his eyes, kissed him, and flashed her prepossessing smile at him to end her performance. She appeared to say, “I love you,” to him as she turned to return to the stage. Kristen felt like the thirteen-year-old little girl who was invisible to him while she stood next to her fabulous cousin.
Jennifer’s video took the GRAMMY. Four people lined up to give tedious acceptance speeches. “I also want to thank my hairdresser, Georges, my dog walker, Johan, and his assistant, pooper scooper Lance,” ended person number three before stepping aside in favor of Jennifer.
She thanked a few people and concluded with, “Only one thing could make this wonderful evening perfect: if I get the offer I’m hoping to get later on.”
Had Kristen kept listening, she would have learned that Jennifer was talking about a long-term recording contract. But concluding, Oh, my God, he’s going to ask her to marry him! she was incapable of hearing anything else. Her ears started ringing, her forehead and neck burned, her mouth went dry, and she trembled.
Lying in bed that night, staring at the darkness, she said to herself, She’s gorgeous and she’s famous. I’m nothing. I have to give up on him. Logic trying to assert domination over emotion, she told herself, He’s just a man, one with a lot of issues. There are probably a million men better than Bobby, Andrew for one. Andrew is at least as smart, and there’s no question he’s handsomer, warmer and more caring than Bobby. Andrew’s work is so much more important than playing baseball. And if Andrew had a chance to be a hero, I’m sure he would be. After tonight, Bobby is gone forever anyway. The miserable woman went to sleep.
*
“Gertrude,” remarked Mr. Carlton, “the paper says that that pretty singer we never heard of—you know, the one on TV last night in the short dress—and that baseball player we never heard of—you know, the one she sat on—is both from London. I hate them spoiled, rich baseball players. I bet that guy don’t got no idea how hard real life is or how lucky he is. Today’s high is s’pposed to be ten below. I ain’t delivering mail in that. Call in sick for me, will ya?”
*
The next morning Kristen woke up determined to make one last stab at Robert. I can’t let her win without a fight! she decreed to herself. Before she could change her mind, she called him. He didn’t answer, so she left a message: “Hello, Bobby,” she started anxiously, “Um … this is Krissy. Uh, I’m not sure … Um, I need to talk to you. Please. I miss you. Please don’t marry Jenny. You won’t be happy with her. Something deep within you must know that our souls are one. Please call me.”
She gave him her number and hung up. The next several hours were anxious ones for the young lady as she waited in vain for his call. Hours stretched into days and still no call. Kristen made up her mind to get serious about Dr. Katz.
Over the next several weeks, Kristen and Andrew dated extensively. She enjoyed the time she spent with him and was beginning to think he could make a good husband. He was thinking she would be a first class wife, too, judging by the engagement ring he offered her after an extravagant dinner date in early May.
“This is such a shock, Andrew.”
She had convinced herself to give up on Robert, but when it came time to do it, she hesitated. Her logic commanded her to accept. She opened her mouth to accept, but no words came. As she thought about losing all prospects for Robert, her stomach tightened, and she felt a wave of panic washing over her. She couldn’t imagine anything worse. There had been no word within the family about Robert and Jennifer. Maybe he was still available.
Finally, she said, “May I have a few days to think about it? I just need to think it through, okay?” He said that was fine.
Six days later, Kristen called up Andrew and asked him to meet at a San Francisco nightclub they liked. She had decided to reject his proposal. As long as there was a sliver of hope for Robert, she couldn’t marry anyone else. “Enough of this nonsense!” she declared. The Twins were due in Oakland in three weeks, and she was determined to present herself to Robert at that time to ask him about her prospects. She even bought a ticket for a front row seat by the bullpen. Had she looked at the roster, she would have seen Robert wasn’t on it. He had failed to make the club out of spring training and was sent to Rochester to pitch at the triple-A level.
While she was preparing for the date with Andrew, her phone rang. “Hello?” answered Kristen.
“Krissy, honey?” said Lisa.
“Mom? Is everything all right? You sound upset. Is Dad all right? Is Jeremy?”
“We’re all fine. It’s … Oh, this is hard … I just heard from Uncle Jim. Krissy, honey … Jenny has married Bobby. I’m sorry.” Kristen dropped the phone as everything went black. “Krissy? Krissy? Oh, my God, Bill, I think she’s fainted.”
After several seconds, Kristen came to her senses, but started sobbing. She picked up her phone and cried, “How can this be? I don’t un … un … understand how … we’re soul mates … aren’t we, Mom?”
“Krissy, honey, I … I don’t know what to say.” Lisa, so sad for her heartbroken daughter, began to cry, too.
“What is it all about?” Kristen said. “I guess I … don’t understand anything. I convinced myself he was made to love me. Now he’s gone … so what’s the use of anything?”
Lisa asked her husband to pick up the extension to help settle down their frantic daughter. “Krissy? Please talk to us,” Bill implored.
“Your father and I are coming to see you,” said Lisa. “We’ll get the first flight out. Okay?”
“We’ll be there tomorrow morning,” assured Bill.
“Um, no, Mom, Dad, I’ll be okay,” she said as the initial shock started to wear off, and her weeping ebbed. “I didn’t tell you this, but Andrew has asked me to marry him.” She blew her nose. “Funny thing is, I was going to turn him down this evening. Now I guess I’ll say yes.”
“You shouldn’t make this decision in your present state,” counseled her father.
“I was going to reject him only because I couldn’t give up hope for my soul mate. I thought somehow, someway, some day it would work out, that I would marry Bobby. I even resolved to go see him next month to give fate a nudge. Now I see that was all romantic twaddle. How could I be so wrong about something I believed in so deeply? I must be wrong about fate, God, too. There is no God.”
“Please don’t say that,” said her devout mother.
Kristen took a deep breath to keep from weeping more. “You’ll like Andrew.”
“Krissy,” said Lisa, “your father’s right. At least sleep on it.”
“I have a date with him in less than an hour. I’m going to accept his proposal. Be happy for me.”
“Krissy, listen to us,” said Bill. “You made this mistake with Dominic.”
“Andrew’s no Dominic. He’s a good man, a great man. Everyone admires him,” she insisted, sniffling. “He’s a leader in the oncology field. He’s compassionate, handsome, brilliant, and a little funny.”
“And?” said Lisa.
“And what? Isn’t all that enough?”
“You haven’t said you love him,” observed Lisa. “Do you love him?”
“I … I think so. I mean, it’s nothing like my feelings for Bobby.” Her crying started afresh.
“You’ll be okay in time, honey. But please don’t marry a man unless you’re in love with him,” advised her mother.
“At the very least, do not make your decision tonight,” ordered her father. Kristen cancelled her date with Andrew that evening to give her more time to think about it.
*
After meeting Robert at spring training, Jennifer had begun scheming to corral this fine young man. The complaisant lass was on her best behavior and made sure she looked her best every day during the courtship. He continued to be mesmerized by her, although he seemed to be too curious about Kristen. He tried to be cagey about it, but Jennifer saw right through it.
“Whatever became of Jeremy anyway?” he’d asked on their second date back in early February.
“Last I heard, he manages a grocery store in London.”
“Oh. What about Kristen?”
“She’s a doctor in California.” That’s all Jennifer volunteered at the time, and Robert thought it too awkward to pursue. Over the weeks, he learned she lived in Palo Alto, worked at a children’s hospital, and was planning a career in the pediatric oncology field. He eventually came right out and asked about her marital status, just a few days after she had intercepted and erased Kristen’s phone message to him. He intended to call her if she was unattached.
This question infuriated Jennifer. She’d hoped he would propose after her triumphant performance at the GRAMMYs. No woman had ever looked so perfect, he’d told her. She got her record deal, and stardom was at her doorstep. Yet, not only did she get no proposal, he was asking about his damn cousin again. She had to do something to get his mind off that woman.
“Oh, didn’t I tell you? She married a doctor named Andrew a while back,” Jennifer lied. “Her name is Mrs. Katz now.”
Tears rushed to his eyes, and he turned away from Jennifer. “Um, I, I have to go to the bathroom,” he said, trembling. In the bathroom, this grown man, who’d been through it all, sat on the side of the bathtub and cried. This just one week after being demoted to the minor leagues. It was the worst time in his life since Iraq, and he needed companionship.
After settling down, he emerged from the bathroom with red eyes, walked up to Jennifer, went down on one knee, and said, “Jennifer Taylor, will you marry me?”
She was stunned, but without delay said, “Yes! You’re the only man I’ve ever loved. I’d love to marry you, Bobby.” He stood, and they kissed.
The wedding took place seven weeks later at a chapel in Manhattan with just her father and mother in attendance. The exquisite bride had never been happier. The groom was enchanted by his beautiful bride, but secretly sullen that he’d got the wrong Taylor. Her record company insisted on a low-key ceremony. Young, sexy pop stars with just the ability to carry a tune for talent are much harder to sell to the record-buying public if they are married. And absolutely no getting pregnant.
Robert was displeased that his marriage had to be kept secret. Not only did it make plain his second-class status behind her career, it meant the two couldn’t make a habit of appearing in public together. To make matters worse, she was in the midst of a tour with one of those untalented, transposable boy bands, and resumed it directly after the wedding. An entertainment news show reported a rumor about her and one of the boys. Jennifer assured her husband it wasn’t true, but said her record company liked the publicity and told her not to confirm or gainsay the rumor. His patience began to diminish.
In the meantime, Andrew was pressuring Kristen for her answer. They met for lunch near the hospital and talked around the issue. She learned that Dr. Katz wanted no more than one child. She’d wanted three or four with Robert, but found herself thinking one would be okay with Andrew. She inferred he’d like her to sign a pre-nuptial agreement; all she had to her name was student loans, but he had amassed quite a few assets. Kristen was put off at the lack of trust, but thought she could agree to it. The couple set a dinner date for twelve days hence, after his return from a European junket. She would give him her decision then.
Back east, all was not heaven between the newlyweds. Jennifer, whose third song was climbing the charts, let the fame she’d tasted go to her head and was acting like a pampered Hollywood starlet. As her fame rose, she started treating everyone else, including him, with less and less respect. She was a trial to listen to, and he was unhappy with the relationship. He never did love her; now he was beginning to dislike her. He began hinting and warning that he wouldn’t stand for her illaudable behavior, but she paid little attention.
In late June, after weeks of hard consideration, Kristen decided to accept Andrew’s proposal. On the night of their dinner date, however, Providence intervened. While walking from a parking lot to the restaurant, they were mugged by a man with a gun.
“Gimme all your money and jewelry or I’ll blow your fucking heads off!” the mugger informed them. A trembling Kristen handed over her purse and her gold necklace. A tremulous Andrew stepped behind Kristen and handed the mugger his wallet and the engagement ring. Not too valiant of him, she reckoned, and the assailant apparently agreed. “You sure can pick ‘em, lady,” he remarked as he ran off laughing.
“We did the right thing, not arguing or anything,” commented Andrew, looking at the ground. “He could have killed us if we didn’t keep our heads.”
“Well, he could have killed me, anyway. Did I make a good shield, Andrew?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Never mind. My answer to your proposal is a most definite no. Goodbye!” She hailed a cab home.
The Taylor women required of their men a high standard of chivalry. Using her as a shield fell short of that standard. He didn’t have to thwart the robbery; a gesture of protection such as stepping in front of her would have sufficed. She considered his stepping behind her, on the ready to catch her lifeless body, an inadequate gesture. Andrew was history. Kristen was left with no prospects and decided to immerse herself in her work and forget about men. Who could blame her?
*
Things improved briefly between Jennifer and Robert in late July. Her tour was done, but she was headed back to the recording studio for her second album. She was also doing rehearsals for the first video from the album. The video featured a lap dance, and she practiced on Robert. The practice was paradise for him—every time, they ended up making love—but the idea that his wife would be doing this dance with another man on film was disconcerting.
She invited him to watch the shooting of the bawdy scene in mid-August. The owner of the lap, a handsome singer called Jason Snow, who had a gift for raising hackles rivaling fingernails across a blackboard when he sang—his hit song, “Huffing Glue with Red Savages,” failed to find favor with the politically correct crowd, but caught on with teens when they tried to ban it—was permitted way too much freedom as Robert saw it. Throughout the shoot, Jennifer continually glanced over at Robert to gauge his reaction. The minx savored his jealousy because it was his solitary overt sign of feelings for her. Jason ran his hands over her shoulders, back, and legs. He was treated to an unimpeded view of her breasts, and he even fondled them. Only when Jason clutched her breasts did she object, and then playfully.
Robert considered plowing Snow, but decided to walk out instead. He left for Rochester without saying goodbye.
He wouldn’t even take her calls over the next few days. Nervous, she went to Rochester to see him and apologize. It was an awkward visit. Despite her advances, he didn’t even make love to her that night. She lay in bed, awake, trying to recollect if he had ever once said he loved her. He was growing colder by the day, she knew, and she was trying to reassure herself that they still had a future together. She worked herself into a frenzy and woke up Robert to ask, “Do you love me?”
He replied, “For Christ’s sake, it’s the middle of the night. Go to sleep.” His brusque tone made it clear she was not to ask again. After she left, he remained cool to her, and over the next two weeks with her in New York and him on the road, the two spoke only when she called. His end of the conversation was always terse.
When they next got together after a late August series in New York—he’d been recalled to the majors six days prior to replace an injured reliever, though he hadn’t told his wife—she was a different person. She’d reverted to the captivating person that she could be when she chose, the one who’d successfully courted him. After an afternoon of doting on him and drinking champagne, she doffed her clothes and made her act of contrition; he was magnanimous in accepting her cogent offer. The offer came with a special inducement to stay with her permanently, though he was oblivious to it for the time being.
The next morning, Robert dropped a bombshell: “Jenny, I’m sorry, but I can’t do this any longer.”
“What are you saying?” she asked.
“I’m saying I want a divorce. I don’t love you.”
This couldn’t have come as a shock to Jennifer. Not only had he been sending warning signals for weeks, the evening prior had been a disaster. The two had attended a gala staged by her record company. Jennifer wore a white, body-hugging dress that was so short and so short of opaque, Robert had asked her not to wear it, but she’d dismissed his concerns saying it cost her ten thousand dollars, and, anyway, it showed much less than a bikini. She was sporting a new look, with shorter hair that surrounded her face, and eye-catching makeup—dark pink lipstick and blush, heavy blue-grey eye shadow, black eyeliner and mascara, and blue-green false contacts—rendering a countenance of singular perfection. Bedecked in gold and glittering diamonds, she sat seductively in an armchair with legs crossed, her face unmistakably communicating, I know how much you want me.
No man was immune to her charms. Four gay men declared, “Oh, now I understand the attraction!” At any one time, at least two rich, famous men from the entertainment industry were besieging her.
Robert sat in the corner, observing as the sharks circled his wife. Always the coquette, she welcomed her attackers brazenly with an eye on Robert. Resentment mounting, he glared and fidgeted. He then attempted to give her some of her own medicine by flirting with some pretty women, but they were either celebrities themselves or had their eyes on the stars and were cool to this nonentity.
She saw him fail with the ladies and tittered. His bile rose, so natural and effortless was her scorn. Continuing to dig her own grave, Jennifer came up to him with three handsome men in tow. They’d asked whom she came with, and she walked them over to Robert. As they approached, one, an executive producer, asked what Robert did for a living. She said he was a pitcher.
“For what team?” the man asked.
“Oh, that’s not important,” she said.
“I guess he’s a minor leaguer,” he said as he and his buddies chuckled.
That was all his pride could take. Robert retorted, “What you bag-lappers think of me I couldn’t care less, but let me take this opportunity to update Miss Taylor. I pitched yesterday against the New York Yankees.” He omitted the part about allowing five runs in one inning.
“Batting practice?” said the executive producer as the three men laughed.
Robert turned and walked toward the exit, Jennifer jogging after him, grabbing his arm and asking, “Why didn’t you tell me?”
He jerked his arm away and said, “What the hell do you care?”
She gave him an anxious look and said, “Calm down. Why did you call me Miss Taylor?”
He leaned up close and whispered, “Tonight was the last straw, Miss Taylor.”
Flustered, she shrieked, “What is that supposed to mean?” Everyone looked, confounded to see her studied poise become unbridled panic. “I’m really sorry. Please don’t leave. Bobby!” He walked out, Jennifer following and pleading for an explanation. He went to their hotel room and to bed without saying another word. When she joined him in bed, he moved to the couch.
No, his request for a divorce couldn’t have been a shock, but it was devastating nonetheless.
“What? No, Bobby, you can’t do this to me,” said the upset young lady. “I love you.”
“No, you don’t. You love only yourself and your career.”
“That’s not true! What is it really? Now that you’re back in the majors, you think you’re too good for me?”
“That’s the way you think, not me. You might be the most spoiled woman alive. You must have your five thousand-dollar hotel rooms, ten thousand-dollar dresses, caviar, and on and on. And you’re mean as hell. You keep insulting people and treating them like dirt. You don’t treat me much better. It’s embarrassing to be near you. Your conduct last night … God, Jenny, what part of that conceited little brain of yours figured I would ever put up with your humiliating me?”
“I absolutely did not intend to humiliate you. I was just trying to find out if you love me.”
“By flaunting and flirting? That’s pretty bizarre—but, then, that’s you through and through: playing the seductress with all those men. It makes me wonder how far you go when I’m not there.”
“Once again, I am not fooling around.”
“God, you practically did it right in front of me with that strip-tease business. That bastard felt you up in front of me, and you smiled. Even if people knew we were married, I’d be a laughingstock the way you let other men—”
“As I already explained to you, he fondled me without my permission. I got mad, but I didn’t want to make a scene in public. After you left, I was screaming at him and threatening charges against him.”
“Why didn’t you have the ass jockey charged if he sexually assaulted you?”
“My record company asked me to let it drop.”
“Yeah, it’s bad for business, so that slimeball gets away with it.”
“You know how this business works. Look at how popular I am now. Don’t you want that for me?”
“Not if it means I don’t really have a wife, just some manufactured flavor of the year who deigns to spend a day with me here and there. Do you know how many nights we’ve spent together since our wedding? I figured it out the other day. Sixteen. That’s all. I’m sure you neither knew nor cared about that.”
“It’s not all my fault. You’re on the road half the time, and the other half you live in Rochester, of all places.”
“I’m not there anymore, remember? Anyway, you could be with me if your frigging record company didn’t dictate the terms of our goddamn marriage!” he repined.
“What you’re saying is you want a sweet housewife, barefoot and pregnant, cooking your meals and kissing your cheek when you walk in the door.”
“You know, when I got recalled to the Twins last Monday, I called to tell my wife, but I couldn’t get a word in as you went on and on about some flunky bringing you the wrong drink after a hard day of dance rehearsals. After that, I didn’t want to tell you. You’ve lost touch with reality in your rarefied world.” Jennifer hung her head down. He continued, “I want someone to share my life with, not someone I have to schedule an appointment with. I want a real person who I can be with, show off, rely on, and love, not a spoiled bitch who I have to sneak around with as if I’m having a secret affair. I want a wife who loves me, not one who refuses to acknowledge my existence. I want a wife who reserves herself for her husband, not a slut!”
“Don’t you dare call me a slut! There you sit, married to a star, feeling sorry for yourself. Millions of men would give anything to be in your shoes.”
“I’m sure they would until they were in them. Your vanity is absurd when you think about it. All you do is sing. You don’t create music, you don’t play an instrument, you merely sing. Lots of people can sing. You’re a star because you’re stunning, and that’s all that counts nowadays.”
“Dammit, no matter what I do, you say all I am is a pretty face. There’s a talented person behind this face, jerk. I am good at this! It’s not easy getting up in front of thousands or millions of people to sing. Contrary to what you think, very few people can do that well. No one gave me what I have. I’ve worked hard, and I went through a lot of failure, but I stuck with it and I succeeded. I’m a helluva lot more successful than you are. I probably make a thousand times what you do and I’m a thousand times more famous. When will you ever show me any respect?”
“You can do a lot better than wasting your life with a failure; you deserve a successful man. Maybe one of the handsome dandies who was drooling over you last—”
“Stop it. I don’t want them or anyone else but you.”
“You had the room convinced otherwise last night. By the way, the reason I play down your success is to counterbalance all the frigging hype that’s inflated your ego so much, I can’t stand being around you. I’m the only one who treats you like a real person. Trouble is, you want me to treat you as everyone else does, as if you were a goddess. Never! What it all comes down to is you merely sing. So what?”
“You merely throw a little white ball. So what?”
“I know. It’s meaningless. What we do doesn’t matter at all in any fundamental sense. The big difference between us is I know that.”
“What I do matters to me and my fans. It breaks my heart that it doesn’t matter to the person I most want it to matter to.”
“Think of the irony: it breaks your heart I don’t buy into the hype that is the recording business, but you couldn’t care less that our marriage is a sham. I’m not playing the game anymore.”
“You’re a fool if you leave me. I could get any man I wanted on Earth, loser!”
“You’ll never change. Go get any man you want. You can’t have me.”
“I’ll never come back to you. This is it!”
“Good.”
“You’ll grow old alone. You’re incapable of loving anyone, asshole,” she said as her crying intensified.
“I love Krissy!”
Jennifer blushed and said, “She’s nothing! I’m a star.”
“She’s dedicated her life to curing kids with cancer. What could be a more meaningful calling than that? She makes an incredible difference in this world, and I adore her for that and for everything else she is.”
“Tough. She’s married.”
“I know that! I want you to sign this.” He produced the divorce papers.
“You actually have the papers!” she exclaimed, now convulsing with sobs. He’d had the papers prepared a week prior and had been waiting for the right occasion to present them. “Please, Bobby, give me a … another chance … I don’t want a … divorce … Please. I love you.” He shook his head and proffered a pen. “I will not sign that!” she asserted, swatting the pen away.
He picked up the pen. “Our marriage was a farce. It’s done. The agreement states we leave the marriage with what we took into it. That’s fair. You have a lot more than I, as you love to point out. Just sign it.”
“No! You can’t make me.”
“Yes, I can. A simple threat should do it, since I know your career means so much more to you than I do. If you don’t sign it, I’ll announce publicly that we are married.”
“No, Bobby, my contract forbids that. They could rip it up if you do that.”
“I know. I could make you decide between your contract and me, but I know which one you’d choose anyway, so let me save you the embarrassment. I’m leaving you regardless of what you decide. So sign here!” he yelled to make it clear it wasn’t a request.
She took the pen and signed, her bosom heaving with sobs. In her grief, she said, “Krissy still loved you. Every week she’d whine to me about how much she loved you. She went to some of your games last year to watch you, but was too scared to approach you, since you were so mean to her the last time you met. You could have had her, but you were too much of an asshole. Now you’re too late. I hope you spend the rest of your career in the minors and the rest of your life lonely and miserable, you bastard!” She ran out weeping.
In desolation, he sat and looked at the wall.
Jennifer decided to withhold the news of her divorce from her family until Kristen was married, but when she learned in late September that Kristen had rejected Andrew, she knew she had to take action right away. He’ll call her as soon as he finds out, she fretted. The woman spurned resolved to get revenge on her ex. Another iniquitous scheme did she hatch. The plan began with a trip to San Francisco to see her cousin. She got to Kristen’s place and knocked on the door. No one was home. So far so good. She phoned her former husband.
“Hi, Bobby, it’s Jenny. I miss you.” He said nothing. “Um, I’ve been feeling bad about something.”
“What’s that?” he asked, not really listening.
“I know you’re going to hate me when I tell you this, but I don’t want it on my conscience anymore. Kristen never got married.”
“What?” he yelped. Now he was listening.
“I’m sorry for lying.”
“You fucking bitch! You know damn well that’s the only reason I married you in the first place.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Did you honestly think a marriage founded on a lie could last? I can’t believe you.”
“I know I can never make it up to you, but I’ll give you her phone number, so you can call her. Please don’t hate me.” She gave him Kristen’s home phone number, and the livid man hung up.
Within seconds, she heard Kristen’s phone ringing from within the apartment. Jennifer went down to the small lobby to wait for her cousin. She felt ill. She hadn’t been herself since the breakup, feeling nauseated and exhausted. Maybe it was the upheaval of losing the man she loved, or maybe … She tried to put it out of her mind; the possible implications for her and her former husband were too pregnant.
While awaiting her cousin, she quietly wept. She loved Robert Owens like a Taylor, but had shown it like a MacDonald, her mother’s clan. Everything, even her career, seemed empty without him. The heartbroken woman reconsidered what she was about to do. She decided to proceed—not out of malice, but out of love. Maybe they could reconcile if only she could keep him and Kristen apart. Putting her hand on her churning stomach and calling back to mind the most probable reason for it, she felt her cause was far from hopeless: she might be in possession of an irresistible drawing card. But she had to keep him away from Kristen.
When Kristen got home after a long shift at the hospital, Jennifer was waiting for her. Kristen, surprised and uncomfortable with the visit, saw no choice but to invite her cousin in. “Why are you here, Jenny?” she said coldly. The two hadn’t spoken since before the GRAMMY show.
“To try to make up with my cousin, my best friend in the world,” Jennifer replied while the two walked upstairs.
“Come off it, Jenny. You know there’s no chance of that. We’ll never be friends again.”
“I know you’re upset about my marriage to Bobby, but I want you to know that he called me first. When I saw him, all my old feelings came rushing back.” Jennifer’s eyes began to water. She continued, “Krissy, it’s over between us. We’re divorced.”
The stunned woman didn’t know what to say. She did know what to think, though: My soul mate is available again! This time he’s mine. I’ll call him as soon as I can get rid of her. She said, “What happened?”
“He’s become such a jerk now that he’s a baseball player. He’s not the same person. I couldn’t stand him anymore, so I left him last month.” As she said this, her voice quavered, which made Kristen wonder who left whom. The two talked a little more about it, then Kristen went to have a shower. While she showered, Jennifer listened to and erased Robert’s message, and made a phone call.
When Kristen came out, Jennifer said, “I met a new guy last week, but I think he’s a creep. I told him yesterday I wanted to end things. He hasn’t stopped calling since.”
“Have you called the police?”
“No. He hasn’t done anything illegal. Maybe I’m worried about nothing.” Her cell phone rang. “Hello? I told you not to call me again. Leave me alone. No I’m not at home.” She motioned for Kristen to come closer to listen in. The man asked where she was.
Kristen grabbed the phone. “She told you to get lost. Leave her alone.”
“Who are you?” the man’s voice said. “You sound like a babe, too. Looking for some action?” Kristen hung up.
The phone rang again. Kristen told her not to answer, but she did. Jennifer turned away and started to yell into the phone. She turned back, walked to Kristen and said, “Krissy, what should I say to him?”
Kristen took the phone and said, “Listen, creep, what you’re doing to Jenny is deplorable. You are lower than a slug. Just leave us alone! Get that through your thick head, loser!” She hung up. Jennifer smiled inwardly. The calls stopped, and the ladies talked, ate, and went to bed.
Strange to think that on certain momentous days, days that will change the rest of our life, we go to bed unaware of the significance of a seminal event that occurred that day.

Chapter Seven

The Perfect Ending, But …

Strange to think that on certain momentous days, days that will forever change our life, we wake up without a clue as to what is about to happen. Wednesday, the twenty-sixth of September was to be such a day for the last surviving member of the Owens family. Robert got up that crisp fall morning and checked for phone messages. He heard:
“Krissy, what should I say to him? … Listen, creep, what you’re doing to Jenny is deplorable. You are lower than a slug. Just leave us alone! Get that through your thick head, loser!”
Kristen slept until the phone rang at six o’clock. She heard, “Hello, Taylor. This is the loser. We’re back to the school bus again. I should’ve learned then how mean the two of you really are, so I guess you’re right: I do have a thick head. Don’t worry, I will leave Jenny and you alone. Goodbye forever!” Before the shocked woman could say a word, he had hung up.
“That was Bobby!” What was he so upset about? She recalled the phone call last night. “No! It can’t be!” Panicked, she ran out of her room to confront Jennifer, but she was gone. Kristen shrieked. This time though, she didn’t cry; she didn’t feel sorry for herself. “I’m not letting Jenny get away with this!” she said. She reasoned that Robert must be interested in her. Why else would her cousin have done this?
She checked his team’s schedule on the Twins’ website and found out they were playing in Toronto that afternoon. I’m going to fly there right away. I’m going right up to him to tell him I love him. If he dismisses me, at least I’ll know and I can get on with my life. She called her parents to tell them of her plans and said she’d come to see them afterward. Her parents wished her luck.
Kristen landed in Toronto mid-afternoon and took a cab to the ballpark where the Twins and Jays were in the sixth inning. She bought a seat close to the Twins’ bullpen and walked there resolute to conquer her fear and her man. She looked down to see the players and saw Robert sitting there glum as could be. “Bobby Owens!” she yelled. He looked, for only the Taylors called him Bobby. “Come over here, please,” she instructed, pointing just below her. The crowd roared as the Jays got a double. Robert, shocked to see her, stood.
“Kristen?” he said. As the brilliant sun blots out the universe beyond, dazzling Kristen was all that existed for Robert at that moment. Seeing her again instantly filled him with indescribable joy and serenity. He had missed her so much more than he’d realized.
“Come here,” she ordered again when the noise subsided. He obeyed, nervously walking over to stand just beneath her. “I’m here to set you straight. Just listen and don’t say a word. I have two important things to say: First of all, I love you.” Fireworks exploded, and the crowd screamed. Everyone in the stadium was ebullient for Kristen and Robert. No wait, it was the homerun. She took a big breath and swallowed hard. When she could be heard, she continued, “God help me, I’m still head over heels, hopelessly in love with you. I always will be.”
Rapturous but bemused, he said, “But you called to—”
“Ah, ah! What did I say? Let me finish.” A few of his teammates and some fans were listening in, amazed at the interchange. “I had no idea I was speaking to you last night. I fell for a cruel hoax. Jenny showed up out of the blue yesterday. She said she divorced you last month because you’re this stuck up baseball player now. Then she said she met someone else who turned out to be some kind of stalker. She even got some guy to call her posing as the pervert, and let me listen in. He made a pass at me. Then her phone rang again, and she must have hung up and dialed your number and, well, you heard what you heard. I’m here …”
Another hit by the Jays, and more uproar.
“Owens!” the coach said. “You’re here to pitch, not flirt. The manager wants you to warm up. Get going!”
“I’m sorry, Kristen, I have to go. Can you stay—”
“Owens!” the coach screamed.
“I’ll be at my parents’ house,” Kristen informed him. “You can call me there this evening if you have anything to say to me.” With a sanguine smile, she walked away.
“Owens!”
“Krissy! Wait. I love …” but she was too far away to hear in the noisy ballpark. He went to warm up. She climbed the stairs, turned the corner and leaned against the wall to prevent collapsing from the overwhelming emotion she felt. After recovering for a few minutes, she walked to Union Station to catch the next train to London.
Kristen sat by the phone all evening praying for it to ring. It did, five times—someone else always calls when one is expecting an important call from someone—but none was from him. By eight o’clock she became subdued, thinking he should have called by now. She went to her room to listen to music.
At 8:27, the doorbell rang. Lisa opened the door to see Robert standing there. She couldn’t believe her eyes. “Come in, please,” she said. “Krissy’s upstairs in her old room.” Bill came over to shake his hand. Jeremy and his wife Natalie, who’d come to visit Kristen, also greeted him. “I’ll call her,” said Lisa.
“No,” Robert said. “Can I go to see her? I need to be alone with her for a few minutes.”
“Of course. Go on up,” said Bill.
Robert knocked on Kristen’s bedroom door, quivering from fear. “No answer,” he said to her parents, who were hovering at the bottom of the stairs with Jeremy and Natalie.
“She probably has her headphones on,” Lisa assured. “Just go in.”
He opened her door a crack and saw her sitting by the window, looking outside. She did have headphones on. “Krissy?” he called. She didn’t hear. She was singing softly. What was it? He drew closer. “Night and Day.” She was singing with the song on the headphones. His “Night and Day” that he had serenaded her with years earlier as she sat by this very window. I didn’t know she recorded that, he thought with some embarrassment. He crept up behind her and began to sing in time with the recording.
It’s hard to say when she realized he was there. She may have been imagining he was doing what he was doing: singing to her. He pulled off her headphones while singing the song; she didn’t move, frozen in her gaze outside toward the branches where young Bobby had perched.
She turned and gasped, “Bobby?” He smiled. “You’re really here?” He nodded. She began to shake all over. His quivering and her shaking registered 4.5 on the Richter Scale. “What are you doing—”
“Now it’s my turn to speak,” he interrupted. “So this time, let me say something before speaking, okay?” She nodded apprehensively. He knelt before her. “I rehearsed it and I’m nervous as hell. I’m no poet and I’m no romantic, as you know, but I speak from the heart. I go through life without you feeling empty inside, as if I don’t have a soul. Without you, I’m just that insecure, lonely little eight-year-old boy who had nothing but his bat and glove. I have no one to really talk to, no one to share special times with, no one to help me through hard times, no one to admire, no one to love. I’ve been a fool, Krissy. Please forgive me for being so pigheaded, for taking you for granted, for hurting you, for pushing you away.”
He took her trembling right hand with his left and caressed her face with his other hand. She inclined her face into his hand and kissed it as her tears stirred. “I knew I missed you, more with every day that passed, but until I saw you today I had no idea how boundless my need for you is.” He brought her right hand to his lips and kissed it.
She wondered if this were truly happening. Could it possibly be that he was going to ask her to marry him? She held her breath, getting more emotional and excited with each word he spoke. “You are without question the single most wonderful person I have ever met. I truly doubt there’s a better human being on the planet. What I’m trying to say is … I love you, Krissy!” She began to cry. It was the first time he’d ever uttered that magical phrase.
“I love you, too,” she said.
He pulled her tenderly off her chair to her knees, took her in his arms, and hugged her. He moved back a bit and took a deep breath. Taking her hands and looking into her sparkling eyes, he said, “If you’ll still have me …” He hesitated out of fear. Tears streamed down her cheeks. There was complete silence for a moment but for the sound of nervous breathing, and the blowing of female noses and shushing of males outside her door. He plunged forward, “You’d make me the happiest man on Earth if you say you’ll be my wife. Kristen Taylor, please marr—”
“YES!” she answered before he could finish, grabbing the ring he proffered and sliding it onto her ring finger, and lunging to embrace him. “Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!” There was a commotion outside of her door. The two glanced at the door and smiled.
“You’re sure?” he beamed, tears welling in his eyes.
“I can’t believe this is really happening. Please tell me it’s real.”
“It’s real. That’s my mother’s engagement ring.” He’d stopped by Kim’s to get it out of his trunk that held the promise of a new family. “I hope that’s okay. You said it fit perfectly.”
“I’ll treasure it forever.”
The couple was yet hugging closely. “You should know that I married Jenny after she told me you were married to some guy named Katz.”
“What? That bitch!”
“That’s precisely what I called her when she called me yesterday to fess up. Then I called you.”
“She must have erased the message. That’s why she showed up yesterday. She staged the whole thing. Did you get the message I left you last February?”
“No. Shit! She must have intercepted that one, too. What did you say?”
“I said I missed you and asked you to call me. When you didn’t call, I got serious about Andrew Katz. When I found out you married Jenny, I nearly died and just about accepted his proposal. In the end, I couldn’t go through with it: he wasn’t you.”
“I’m sorry about marrying her. It obviously didn’t last. She wasn’t you.” She smiled. “When do you want to get married?” Robert asked.
“I don’t know. There are lots of arrangements. I need a dress—”
“How about tomorrow?” Robert interrupted.
“Tomorrow? But …” Kristen was shocked. There was nothing she wanted more than to marry him, so she was sorely tempted to consent. Moreover, delaying might run the risk of something else intervening to steal away their felicity. On the other hand: “Our wedding isn’t something I want over and done with. It’s the most special day of a woman’s life. I want to plan it, fret over it, and look forward to it. I want to savor it not only on our wedding day but forever. It’s a lot of work, but it’s a labor of love, and I wouldn’t miss it for the world. I want our day to be perfect.” Too bad her argument was so persuasive.
“All right. Whatever you want is fine by me. When though?”
“Let’s talk about that later. I’m dying to show everyone my ring.” She sneaked up to the door and opened it quickly to catch the four of them there. She held out her hand to show her ring, jumping excitedly and crying tears of joy.
Her mother joined her, jumping and crying in unison. “I knew it, I knew it,” said her mom, “You two were meant to be!” Her dad and brother got something in their eyes.
The family went downstairs for a celebratory potation. Brian, Kim, and her husband Phil were invited over as well. Afterward, they left the couple on their own. Kristen and Robert sat holding hands, engaged in deep converse about the recent past and their immediate future. They talked about his experience in Iraq, though he spared her the goriest details and glossed over the torture, because he didn’t want to upset his fiancée or himself. “I love you so much. If you didn’t do what you did, I hesitate to think of how different the world might be,” Kristen declared. “Did they give you a medal?”
“Yes, the Distinguished Service Cross. I gave it to Brian.”
Tears came to her eyes as she embraced him. Nothing impressed the Taylor women more than gallantry. They spoke for a short time about their university years and the major events since, and began to consider their future together. Every so often his son would come and sit on his knee. “He’s adorable, just like his father,” Kristen said.
“You want one? I can whip one up for you,” suggested the naughty man.
“I’ll take four, please,” she replied. Getting more serious, she asked, “When can we start a family?”
“It wouldn’t make sense any time soon, with me on the road for eight or nine months a year and you a busy doctor.”
“It may not make sense, but this goes beyond logic. It’s hard to explain. I know it would shock everyone I work with that I even want children; they see me as dedicated to my profession—and I am. But with you, I’m just myself: a woman madly in love; your wife to be; your best friend; your soul mate who was meant to have children with you. I’m so anxious to have your baby.”
“Take Brian, then. He’s housebroken already.” She smiled and thought how fabulous it will be to enjoy his sense of humor for the rest of time. “I don’t want our children raised by strangers. You’ve worked long and hard to become a doctor. What would happen to your career if you step out of it for several years to raise children at this point? I certainly don’t want to quit baseball. What’s the point of having children now if we can’t spend any time with them? Just to have little copies of ourselves that we see every now and then? Let’s wait till my career is over.”
“And if it lasts for another fifteen years?”
“It won’t. My bum shoulder is sore as hell even though I don’t throw as hard as I can. And my pitching hand is causing me trouble, too; my fingers never healed properly after the Iraqi bastard snapped them, and I couldn’t get medical help for a few days. I’ll be lucky to stay in the majors next year.”
“I’m sorry,” she said. “Let me see your hand.” She took his hand and manipulated his fingers in different ways. “Your index finger is crooked. I’m afraid we’ll have to call off the wedding,” she joked. She also moved his right shoulder and arm around and asked questions about his soreness. “I’ll have a close look at your shoulder and hand at my hospital. Don’t sell medicine short. Some expert care and loving attention afterward from your personal physician can work wonders.” She kissed his hand. “Whatever happens with your career, I’ll love you every bit as much.” She didn’t say so because she knew what baseball meant to him, but she liked the idea of his being out of the sport. It would mean less time apart, less female temptation for him, and having children sooner. “Whenever your career ends, you can use your incredible brain to do whatever you want. And whatever happens, I want to start a family soon, okay?”
“Okay, but let’s at least wait a little while to have some time with just the two of us.” Changing the subject, he said, “There’s only this coming weekend left in the season. We’re at home. They might well be my last in the majors, so I really want you to be there. Can you come with me to Minneapolis? I want to show you off to my teammates.”
“I’d love to. So, what happens after the weekend? I won’t be through my residency until next summer. I can’t leave at this point. Can you stay with me in California until baseball starts again next year? I rent a small apartment near the hospital.”
“Live in sin? Great.”
“After that, I planned on doing a three-year fellowship in pediatric oncology. I can do that in Minneapolis. As long as we’re together, I’m happy.”
They got to bed late that night. The lovers were desperate for each other, but with her parents there it was impossible, wasn’t it?
Kristen lay in her bed awake, hoping, praying he would come to her. By 12:30, she could wait no longer. She got out of bed, pulled up her night shirt, and took off her panties. She tiptoed to her door, wincing when the floor squeaked under her. As she reached for the doorknob, she heard a tap; a finger nail, she guessed. Her heart sped up. The doorknob turned, and the door opened a crack. It squeaked. She heard a whispered, “Shit,” and tittered. She reached out for his hand and heard a whispered, “I hope this isn’t a guard.”
“Don’t make me laugh,” she said, chuckling. She squeezed through the door and led him downstairs to the basement bedroom.
They gazed at each other with loving, yearning eyes. She lifted off her nightshirt and reveled in his gape. Stepping up to him, she yanked down his pants, then kissed him passionately while reaching down to grab his penis. She towed him to the bed, pushed him down on it, and straddled him. Smiling salaciously, she put one hand on his chest and grabbed his balls with the other. He gasped in pleasure.
His hands went for her bottom, his mouth for her breasts. Looking deep into her lover’s eyes, she slowly lowered herself on him. She moaned in ecstasy and cooed, “Welcome home.” He smiled. Starting with a leisurely grinding motion back and forth, she gradually accelerated and soon was thrusting wildly up and down on him. Both were so overcome with lust, they could last no more than two minutes before simultaneously erupting in the most explosive climax either would ever experience. She collapsed onto him, and both exclaimed breathlessly, “I love you!”
*
The next day, Lisa and Kristen made a celebratory supper. The scene at the table was one of pure joy. Finally all was right with the world. But then Robert’s cell phone rang. He answered. It was Jennifer, who said, “Hi, Bobby. I have something really important to tell you …”

Volume Three

“Krissy! Krissy!” screamed Robert Owens as he struggled to sit up in his hospital bed, having aroused from his drug-induced sleep nine hours after an operation to save his life. “Krissy! Where’s Krissy? Is she dead? Krissy!” shrieked the panicked and disoriented man as a nurse and an orderly worked to calm him before he could tear apart his sutures and pull out his IV needle. They could see the terror in his eyes as he recalled the incident that put him here. A doctor rushed in to sedate him. “Krissy!”
The last thing he could remember was Kristen Taylor, the woman he loved, tugging desperately on his arms to drag him away from a crazed man who was intent on killing the two of them. Robert, who sustained a knife wound in subduing some gang members who had assaulted Kristen, was losing consciousness as he bled profusely. “Run Krissy!” he tried to scream, but it emerged as a murmur. She heard, but refused to abandon him to certain death as the armed man approached. With the animal but fifteen feet away, Kristen shielded Robert as he fainted.
“What happened to Krissy?” he asked the hospital workers. They couldn’t or wouldn’t answer. “Krissy!”

Chapter One

Back in Time

Through the marvels of the written word, we regress four and a half years in time to a phone call Jennifer Taylor, Kristen’s cousin, made to Robert just hours after Kristen had accepted his marriage proposal. Sitting at the supper table with his betrothed and her family, he went white as Jennifer informed him she was pregnant with his child. She awaited his response, but he could say nothing, as shock had expropriated his voice. “What’s the matter?” said his fiancée. He couldn’t answer her either.
“Well, Bobby?” said Jennifer, “What have you got to say?” He hung up his phone and left the room, his face still divulging his absolute shock. Kristen followed. “Bobby, please tell me what’s wrong.”
“I, I don’t believe it,” he finally choked out. “Why can’t anything go smoothly? Why is life so hard?”
“What’s wrong? You’re scaring me.”
He sat. “That was Jenny. She’s … she told me …” He looked up at Kristen and couldn’t finish.
“I’m your wife to be. I’ll stand by you. Tell me!”
“She’s pregnant.”
Her initial reaction was much the same as his—thunderstruck—but then it diverged with a wretched screech as she bolted from the room with her right hand to her mouth. He didn’t follow; he couldn’t. He just sat there bewildered. Kristen’s father, Bill, came into the room to ask what the matter was. Robert told him in a detached manner that Jennifer was pregnant by him, and that everything was wrecked. Bill sighed and went out to inform the rest of the family. Robert’s phone rang again. He ignored it.
A few minutes later, he went in search of Kristen and found her crying on her bed. “Krissy, I’m so sorry,” he said as he sat next to her and stroked her hair. “I know I’m in another mess, and I’m making you miserable again. I wanted only happiness for you, and this is what I give you. But I swear to you, Krissy, I’ll straighten this out.”
“How? She’s carrying your child.”
“Maybe it’s not mine.”
“It’s yours. She knows you’re not stupid. She wouldn’t make this up.”
“Okay, then, maybe I can talk her into an abortion.”
“No! Don’t do that. It’s not the child’s fault the parents are divorced. Anyway, Jenny will never give up her baby, especially one fathered by you. It’s her best bet of reeling you back. The only proper course is to marry her again,” she moaned as her face fell into her pillow.
“No, never! I don’t love her. I love only you. I’ll work this out. Please trust me.”
She removed her engagement ring and held it out to him. “Take it back.”
“No, Krissy. You said you’d marry me! I’m holding you to your promise.” He withdrew from the ring.
“This situation changes everything. Do you think I do this lightly? There’s nothing I wanted more than to marry you.”
“Then, let’s just get married. Right now!”
“No. You have a sacred obligation to her now. You have to do the right thing.”
“To hell with the right thing. All I care about is you. I don’t give a shit about her baby.”
“How can you say that? It’s your baby, too. If I were to get pregnant, would you be as callous?”
“No, of course not. I love you and I’ll cherish our children. Let’s get married, and we can start a family right away. You’ll see what a great husband and father I’ll be.”
“Here you are bragging about being a great father while promising to disown your own child. I can’t believe you. Take your ring back.”
“No, I don’t want it back,” he said with tears in his eyes. “Please don’t do this to me. I love you. Don’t turn me away again. I’ll go see her and work it out. Then we’ll get married, all right?” She put the ring in his hand, closed his fingers on it and told him to go to Jennifer. “Don’t do this to me, Taylor. I’m warning you. If I walk out that door, I will never be back!”
“So we both see how deep your love is for me.”
“And how deep yours is for me,” he rejoined bitterly. “Thanks for standing by me. The very first problem that presents itself and you’re out the goddamn door. Goodbye!” He rushed out of her room and her house. He ran up the street and out of their neighborhood. Finally, after almost five miles, exhaustion stopped him, and he collapsed on the side of the road. He broke down, crying and cursing his awful luck. The fury in his soul spilled out of him and made everything cold and black.
His phone rang. He looked at the display and saw it was Jennifer. He pushed the button, but didn’t say anything. “Hello?” said Jennifer. “I can tell you’re there, Bobby; I can hear your breathing. I tell you I’m pregnant with our child and you hang up on me?” she chided.
Out rushed his bile. “You cost me everything, you bitch!” he hollered. “I had just proposed to Kristen, and she said yes. Your news ruined everything. Now she’s rejected me again. I hate all Taylors! Not only will I never marry you again, I’ll never even talk to you or Kristen again. Drop dead and take the fucking baby with you!” he yelled as he hung up. Jennifer stood there in disbelief then sat down to cry.

Chapter Two

A Little Forward

One hour ago, life was perfect. One hour ago, everything was finally as it was supposed to be, and it all made sense. One hour ago, he could finally look back with equanimity and reason that all the strife was worth it if that’s what it took to get to this point. One hour ago, his future was set. He could face anything life could throw at him with his loving wife by his side. One hour ago.
Now, as he lay in the stubble that had been a cornfield until a few days earlier, he looked beyond the sky that was somehow still a picturesque azure despite the blackness that enveloped him, and hollered to the welkin, “I hate you!” Robert sat up and called a taxi to take him to the airport.
Kristen knew him better than anyone else, but not even she comprehended the depths of despair he suffered at the loss of love. His psyche had never completely recovered from losing his entire family to a plane crash when he was but eight-years-old. He couldn’t cope with lost love or rejection and always overreacted to them. He despised her for rejecting his hand for the second time, for taking away her love once he finally declared his, his most dreaded fear. “Never again!” his anguished pride roared. Determined to forsake the Taylor clan forever, he called Sprint to cancel his phone account, tossed his phone under a passing truck—and briefly considered tossing himself there, too, before concluding that would be counterproductive—so that they had no way to contact him.
Kristen and Robert, two passionate people so much alike in so many ways, reacted rashly to Jennifer’s news and said things better left unsaid. Once Kristen had time to calm down and reflect—just a matter of hours—and to discuss the issue with her parents, she concluded she’d been too harsh and sincerely regretted her precipitate words. She was ready to help him and Jennifer work through the problem and to proceed with the marriage. When she endeavored to call him, though, she was horrified to hear his number had been disconnected. She phoned Kim Arnold, the mother of his son, but she hadn’t heard from him, so she made a difficult call to her cousin to ask if she’d heard from him. Jennifer’s report reduced Kristen to hysteria.
The cab arrived and took him to the airport. The jet whisked him out of Kristen’s life and into … Into what?
Robert was a baseball player. That’s what his dad had been, albeit for just one day at the major league level, and that’s the only thing that Robert had ever wanted to be. Like his father, Robert had a world of talent as a pitcher, but a critical weakness in his golden arm, a fragile shoulder that would doom his career. In trying to avoid his father’s fate, he always held back a little. Unfortunately, that doesn’t work in the majors; the hitters are too good. He’d been mediocre thus far, spending most of his professional career in the minor leagues. Worse yet, his efforts to prevent a career-ending injury to his shoulder didn’t appear to be working. As the season came to a close, his shoulder was so tender, it was hard to throw. Add to that a slightly disfigured pitching hand, which had been injured in a bloody conflict when he was in the Army, and he began to despair that his baseball career was to be short and inglorious. Then what?
For fear of losing his precarious place on the Minnesota Twins, he’d kept from the team the physical ailments plaguing him. Management could tell there was something wrong. His speed was down, his breaking balls were flat, and he’d grimace when he threw. To this point, he’d denied any problem, but with little to lose at the end of the season, he belatedly confessed his maladies to the team’s doctor, who sent him to a specialist in Atlanta just before the season finished. The specialist put a splint on his index finger to more properly align it. For his shoulder, rest and a physical therapy program to stretch and strengthen the ligaments and muscles were recommended.
There were four months off until spring training began the next season. What to do? It wasn’t just a question for the coming months. He had to face the possibility that his baseball career was finished. How was he to earn his living? What was he to do with his life? With the one career he’d ever envisaged crumbling before him, the future seemed terrifying.
For now, the wisest move seemed to be to extend his education. He’d earned a Bachelor’s degree in computer science from Berkeley the year previous. He had taken computer science because he excelled at programming—it came as naturally to him as baseball—but he didn’t relish the thought of spending his life working in an office tapping on a keyboard. What could be more opposite to the excitement of pitching in the majors? But he’d already invested four years in the field, and no other possibilities of interest occurred to him.
To stave off boredom the previous autumn, he’d started a graduate course in computer science at Berkeley, doing the work online. Dad had got his PhD from Berkeley; so would he. So he went to Berkeley to do the physical therapy and take more classes toward his PhD.
Kristen went to Minneapolis to find him before the season ended, but learned that he was just put on the disabled list and had left the city. The team wouldn’t give out contact information without prior approval, and she didn’t have it. She tried Kim again, begging her to help her contact Robert. Kim sincerely apologized, but said Robert was adamant that she was not to pass on his whereabouts or phone number to any Taylor. She also passed along his warning not to approach him at a baseball park or anywhere else. At Robert’s request, Kim had returned his mother’s engagement ring to his trunk, which sat gathering dust in her basement. A morose Kristen returned to her residency at Stanford’s children’s hospital.
This episode was a watershed for Kristen. She had a breakdown of sorts, akin to what Robert had suffered in the wake of the school bus incident ten years prior when Jennifer publicly abased him with a rejection of his love. Then, Robert vowed never to love anyone ever again, something it took Kristen years to overcome, something that Jennifer never did overcome.
Now, reason told Kristen she had to give up on Robert Owens, but her heart could never let go. With that passion risking her very sanity, reason forced her passion for Robert deep into her psyche, deep enough to convince herself she was finally over him. With her profound love buried, she could face a future without him and get along. She would dedicate herself to her profession and excel. If another man came along, fine; if not, that was okay, too. When she saw him on TV from time to time over the next year that part deep inside her—her essence, her id, her being, her soul, whatever it really is—would try exhuming itself, crying, I’m supposed to be with him!, but layers of sorrow, disappointment, anger, and jealousy kept it suppressed.
In banishing her soul, she paid a heavy price that was apparent to no one but her parents: she had exiled what was most special about herself. She remained a brilliant, caring person and an excellent, compassionate doctor, but her extraordinary radiance that lit up a room when she entered was extinguished. Her parents sensed something wrong.
“Is there anything the matter, Krissy?” her mom would ask every time they were together. “You don’t seem yourself.”
Kristen would insist everything was fine.
“You just don’t seem happy,” her father would note. Before long, Kristen got impatient with the concerns, and her parents thenceforth kept it to themselves.
But, “What happened to our dazzling little girl?” they’d ask each other when she left. Bill blamed it on Robert.
*
A glum Jennifer had a major decision to make regarding her unborn child and her career as a singer. Her recording contract prohibited her from getting pregnant. Having this baby might cost her her career, an enormous sacrifice given the success she was enjoying at that particular time, but aborting the child of the man she loved would be a greater sacrifice. The chances of getting pregnant by him again when it suited her career had to be close to nil.
Anyway, along with success, money, and fame comes arrant hubris, which came in handy when she informed her record company of her pregnancy and invited them to fire her. “I’ll have the competition lining up to sign me,” she boasted. Executives concurred and informed her they were holding her to her contract. The parties agreed to play down the pregnancy. She would stop appearing in public after month seven and have several months after delivery to restore her figure to begin touring again. During her time out of the public eye, she would record her third album.
When spring training commenced for pitchers, Jennifer went down to Ft. Meyers, Florida, where the Twins held their camp, but no Robert. The specialist had informed the team a week before that Robert would need another two months mending before he could begin training. The team told him to continue physical therapy, and to report to their double-A affiliate in Connecticut in late March. Jennifer attempted to use her influence to learn his whereabouts, but Robert had made a specific request to keep this information from her, and the team respected his request. She checked with the triple-A affiliate, but all they knew was he wasn’t on the team. She had no way to contact him unless and until he made it back to the majors.
In late March, Jennifer was seven months pregnant and, with entertainment reporters speculating as to the reason for her now evident girth, she went on a popular talk show to make the announcement. After singing her most popular song, she joined the host for a chat.
“That was awesome,” pronounced the host as Jennifer took her seat and crossed her legs as best she could. “You have such a nice voice. Believe me, we get a lot of pop stars on the show who can’t sing any better than I can.” The audience laughed as the host sang the chorus from Jennifer’s song. “Almost all of them lip sync—was I supposed to admit that?—so we were a bit nervous when you said you’d be singing live, but your voice is strong, yet still so feminine and sexy.” Jennifer smiled and thanked him. “So, since I don’t believe in pulling punches, maybe you can tell me what’s going on there,” he said while pointing to her midsection.
She laughed and replied, “Are you trying to tell me I’m fat?”
“No, just pleasingly plump.”
“I can’t cover it up any longer. I’m pregnant.” The audience cheered.
“Well, we’re waiting for it. Who’s the lucky guy? Boy is he lucky!” The audience laughed on cue.
“The father is the only man I have ever loved, my ex-husband, Bobby Owens.”
“He’s the pitcher, right?”
“Yes.”
“So you dumped him?”
“He left me,” she said sadly as the audience booed the absent father.
“What is he? Nuts or merely blind?” More laughs. “You are one of the most gorgeous women I have ever seen.” More cheers and several shouts of “Woo!” She once more expressed her thanks. “Again, we get a lot of so-called beautiful people on this show, but when they show up you wonder, ‘Are you the same person I salivated over in that movie?’ I mean, they look almost ordinary. But you: my God! Say, if he doesn’t want the job, just let me know if you want a live-in step-father.” More laughter. “So, why the heck did he leave you?”
“I was a terrible wife to him.”
Several people in the audience shouted “No!”
The host responded, “Listen, I’d forgive you anything short of castration. Were you naughty? Oh, please say you were, and tell us all the juicy details.”
“Sorry to disappoint you, but I wasn’t naughty, except with Bobby.” A chorus of woos. “There were incidents reported while I was on a concert tour last summer that implied I was seeing various guys. I never did! Bobby suspected I was cheating, but I wasn’t. I was never even tempted, but I didn’t deny the rumors in public because I was told the publicity would help my career. In fact, I never acknowledged publicly that we were married because I thought my recording contract forbade it, but that was a misunderstanding, I’m now told.
“Bobby hated that our marriage was secret. He was convinced I didn’t love him because I wouldn’t admit to being his wife. To make matters worse, I was on tour or in the recording studio practically the whole time we were married, and I almost never saw him. Late last August, he told me he didn’t love me, and he demanded a divorce.”
She stopped talking and looked down as her tears stirred. “I begged him to give me another chance, but he refused and made me sign the divorce papers. I still love him with all my heart, and I’m begging him to come back to be my husband again and father to our child. Bobby, come back to me, and I promise I’ll be your faithful, loving wife.” The audience cheered.
“Does he know you’re pregnant with his child?”
“Yes, I called him to tell him.”
“What did he say?”
She said while crying, “He told me it’s my baby, not his … and he didn’t want … to … to see me anymore.”
That got the audience booing again with many going “Ah!” to commiserate with her. Cries of “Deadbeat!” echoed in the studio.
“You’ll forgive me for asking, ‘Is he worth having back?’” That raised a cheer.
“Oh, yes! He’s everything I ever wanted in a man. He’s the only person I can really be myself with. And he’s the heroic type. He saved my life when I was fifteen by stepping in front of me before I got hit by a truck. And he did something so much more special for so many people … I can’t tell you.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’m sorry, I’ve said too much already. He’ll be so angry with me if I say anything else. He hates the media spotlight. I’ll just say that it’s another reason why I love him so much.”
“If he’s such a great guy, why won’t he take responsibility for his child?”
Several people went, “Yeah!”
“I don’t know. I guess he hates me.”
Many in the studio audience said, “No!”
“I can’t imagine that,” said the host as the band struck up a tune to announce a station break. “I hope it turns out well for you. J.Tay, everyone.” The crowd cheered. The show went to commercial, and Jennifer left, hoping Robert would see or hear about the interview and contact her.
Entertainment news reporters were on this poignant story, hoping for a storybook ending, but her public appeal yielded no fruit. There was no word from Robert. They tracked him down to the farm team and hounded him with questions: “Do you acknowledge being the father? Why do you refuse to do the right thing?”
All he said was this was nobody’s business, and demanded to be left alone. The reporters filled air time for several days with updates showing a tearful Jennifer Taylor and a callous Robert Owens refusing to talk to them.
Women’s groups took up her cause for their cause: if it can happen to her, it can happen to anyone, so give us money. They portrayed him as a deadbeat father, a fiend who has his way with a woman, then leaves her to sort out the consequences.
Robert was distressed with this unwelcome attention and directed his ire at the author of it. He decided to go to her in mid-April to demand she call off the wolves. He hacked into her computer to get her schedule and learned she’d be at a fancy restaurant the next noon that catered to the stars in New York. There he went.
He saw Jennifer sitting with three well-known movie stars, two men and a woman, and tried to get her attention. “Jenny! Jennifer Taylor!” She looked in his direction, but turned away with a dismissive jerk of her head. That was the same reaction she gave to any peasant who wanted her attention, and it enraged him further.
“Sir, please keep your voice down,” ordered the maitre d’. “What do you want?”
“I want to see Jennifer Taylor.”
“I’m sorry, but this is an exclusive restaurant. The stars expect their privacy here, and we ensure they get it.”
“Yes, I’m aware of your exclusivity, you pompous pr—” The man summoned the bouncer with a wave of his hand. Robert continued, “I don’t want any trouble. I just need to speak to her for a couple of minutes.”
“Leave now.”
“Just go get her. Tell her Bob Owens is here.”
“I can’t tell you how many people come here with a request to go fetch a celebrity. We don’t bother our customers with it.”
The bouncer arrived. “Take out the trash?” he said. He turned to Robert and recommended, “Get out now before I have to get rough.”
“Listen, shithead, lay a finger on me and you’ll be picking the willnots out of your arse crack with your teeth. I’ve asked nicely—well, I mean before the arse crack crack—now I’ll just go get her myself. Step aside and you won’t get hurt.”
The bouncer attempted to grab him. With a nifty move he’d learned in the Army, Robert intercepted the man’s arm, and twisted him around, with his arm cocked tightly against his back. The maitre d’ ran off to call the police. Robert pushed the arm in a direction it wasn’t meant to go, a bit short of the breaking point.
“Back down now, or I’ll break it.”
He said, “Okay! Okay!” Robert let go, but the man came at him again. Mistake. Two haughty ladies and a gay man screamed as the unconscious bouncer pelted the floor.
Robert said, “Liar,” as he stepped over him walking toward Jennifer. With the attention of the entire restaurant riveted on him, he marched over to Jennifer’s table.
“Bobby! What are you doing here?” she asked. “What’s going on?”
“I secured an invitation to this restaurant the only way a plebian can: by force. I was reduced to this after the snootiest bitch in the world gave me her signature brush-off.”
“I didn’t see you, I swear to God.”
“Bullshit. You looked right at me.”
“So many people try to get my attention, I see right through them. I didn’t expect you here, so I didn’t recognize you. You know how much I’ve wanted to see you. Why would I brush you off?”
“Habit? Whatever. Now to the point: How dare you!”
“Not here. Let’s go outside and talk,” she said as she stood.
He laughed derisively. “You announce to millions what a deadbeat I am, and now you’re uncomfortable in front of a few supercilious twerps? You’re unbelievable. How dare you air our dirty laundry for everyone to see. You’ve subjected me to ridicule and even hatred.”
“I’m sorry, but I was desperate to contact you. I need to talk to you about our child.”
“Your child, not mine!” The flash of a camera went off as he yelled at her.
“Yes, Bobby, yours. Take responsibility.”
“Who is this asshole?” asked the attractive movie starlet.
Robert said, “Oh, I just saw your latest movie. It’s your best work. Keep improving and someday you’ll be awful.”
Her beau, a popular and muscular star of action movies who fancied himself the hero he always portrayed, stood and invited Robert outside for a lesson in manners. Nearby patrons clapped.
Robert tittered and warned, “Sit down before you get hurt.” The man threw a punch, which Robert easily dodged. “Send in the double,” Robert teased. Then he reiterated, “Please sit. I don’t want to hurt you.” The man tried another punch, but Robert parried it and kicked his legs out from under him; his face came crashing down onto the table. More screaming patrons.
The action star sat up with an astonished look and a bloody lip. Robert glowered at the other actor, who put up his hands to communicate, No problem here. Recognizing the man, Robert grinned and mentioned, “Hey, you’re, like, my favorite actor. Nice to meet you.” The man nodded uncomfortably.
“Bobby, stop this!” commanded Jennifer.
The smile quit his face as he turned to Jennifer, seized her upper arm, and whispered, “What the hell did you say about something really special I did for so many people?”
“Nothing, I swear. I just said that much, that’s all. You’re hurting me.” He let go.
“Well, that’s enough for all those nosey bastards to keep asking me what I did that was so special.” He turned up the volume again, continuing, “So keep your goddamn mouth shut.”
“I was just trying to defend you when people were booing.”
“The booing that you caused? I’m hearing a lot of that everywhere I go now because of your big mouth.”
“If you were honest with yourself, you’d know you deserve the criticism. You are the father, Bobby.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, I’m sure. I was never unfaithful to you. Take a paternity test if you please.”
At a whisper again, he said, “You were supposed to be on the pill. Tell me you conveniently forgot to take it.”
“Well, I have a very hectic life. I did forget it for a while there.”
“The same while I was warning you I was going to end things? This was your way of keeping me around, right?”
“Our baby’s due in five and a half weeks. Please come to see the birth. I need you to be with me. Please?”
“No! You cost me Krissy, and I hate you for that. I don’t want anything to do with you or the baby. Do not ever, ever bring this up in public again!” He left.
Jennifer ran off to the washroom sobbing.
The gossip columnist for the Post ran off to her computer to write tomorrow’s column entitled, “Heartless Ex-pitcher Rejects Singer’s Plea to Reunite.” He was portrayed as a brute who barged into an exclusive restaurant, terrorized the patrons, beat up a star and a bouncer, and manhandled his weeping ex-wife, who had merely asked him to do what was decent. The story was picked up by papers across the continent. Only Jennifer’s intercession precluded an arrest for assault and battery.
*
“Gertrude,” said Mr. Carlton, “some jackass baseball player who left his pregnant wife high and dry is giving London a black eye. I’d like to give him a black eye. I hate them spoiled, rich baseball players …”
*
The renewed pressure lasted longer this time. Fans of his team booed him every time he pitched, thereby inciting him to perform at the top of his game. After going unbeaten in his first five starts, he was promoted to triple-A in Rochester. There the pressure subsided. It had been a few weeks since the incident in the restaurant, and he was in a new city where few knew his history. He lay low and pitched his best in hopes of earning another shot at the majors.
Jennifer had their baby four days after he was called up to Rochester. She was hoping he’d walk through the doors until the last minute. She had to settle for her mother; her father stayed in the waiting room. The flawless little girl was named after Jennifer’s mother, who’d expressed her expectation that her granddaughter would have her name, and the baby’s father, with the hope that it might make him more likely to accept her: Kara Taylor Owens.
*
Out west, Kristen wrapped up her residency in pediatrics that June. Stanford offered her the position of Chief Resident in the children’s hospital, with an appointment to the faculty as an Instructor of Pediatrics. It was difficult to turn down that honor, but she had several other attractive offers for fellowships at top university hospitals in pediatric oncology, including Stanford, Johns Hopkins, Harvard, and UCSF, and she wanted to get on with training in her chosen specialty. It was also awkward working with Dr. Katz, whose marriage proposal she had rejected the year prior. She accepted the fellowship offer from UCSF with a start date of July first.

Chapter Three

Back to the Majors

In late July, Robert got called up to the Twins. The team was in first place, with all eyes on the pennant. It had been so far, so good with his shoulder, and he was hopeful that problem was behind him. He got his first chance to pitch in early August, with his team behind the Royals. He pitched hard and did well, but he felt a definite twinge in his shoulder during his third inning of work. The pitching coach noticed a change in his delivery and came out to the mound to ask why.
“I felt some discomfort in my shoulder,” he admitted. He was immediately taken out. The trainer gave him the green light to stay in the bullpen, but he was used sparingly during August. When he did appear, he was effective.
When Jennifer found out he was back on the Twins, she went to see him in another attempt to get him to fulfill his responsibilities. She came to the ballpark two hours before game time one day in early September, went up to him and said, “Bobby, meet our daughter, Kara Owens. Isn’t she perfect? Take her in your arms. You’ll fall in love with her, I promise.”
He looked sadly at the infant and wanted to hold her, but he couldn’t let go of his anger with Jennifer. “No. I’m sorry,” he said, with eyes looking down.
He started to walk away, but Jennifer said, “Wait! I’m guilty of getting pregnant on purpose, I admit that. I did it because I love you and didn’t want to lose you. It was wrong, and I’m sorry, but it’s done. Now we have a child, a wonderful little girl, and it’s so unfair of you to reject her. You never even gave her a chance. You’re a good man, but what you’re doing to her is a disgrace, and I think you know that. You’re so ashamed you can’t even look at her or me.”
“Jenny … Please, not here, not now. Wait until the season is over, and we can talk, okay? Only a month. I need to think things through. Okay?”
“I’m holding you to your word. The minute the season is over, we will discuss this. But I’m warning you, I will not let you get away with disowning her. Do you understand?” He nodded and went to the locker room. She left happy to have made progress toward her goal of reuniting with him.
As September passed, Robert’s shoulder held up well, though the twinges came more often. With his team in the midst of a pennant race, he came through with excellent performances. He won four games in five decisions, helping his team into the playoffs. Because he’d pitched so well, he made the playoff roster, despite the team’s concern over growing tenderness in his shoulder.
The playoffs began in early October. The New York Yankees visited Minneapolis for the first round best-of-five division playoff series. The Yankees took the first game in convincing fashion, eight to three. Robert pitched two innings, allowing two runs. Game two was closer, but the Twins nevertheless lost, nine to seven. Robert pitched the sixth and seventh, keeping the Yankees off the scoreboard, but had to come out with a sore shoulder. The Twins’ pitching staff was in questionable shape, going back to New York with three pitchers ailing with nagging injuries and a tired relief staff.
Game two was memorable for Robert for the wrong reason. He’d achieved notoriety with his treatment of Jennifer and had attracted the attention of some busybody paparazzi. The Twins’ bullpen enjoyed great camaraderie, often being crude, as men are wont to be when they get together without women around. The other pitchers enjoyed his sense of humor and would bait him to try to get some laughs. This game was little different from many others that summer, with a good deal of tomfoolery, except this time someone was recording it with a video camera.
The exchange caught on tape took place during a wild fifth inning when the Twins scored five times. We join the risible conversation with the closer for the Twins, Austin Veens, telling Robert, “You know what the worst thing about dumping Jennifer Taylor is? Telling your father that you’re gay.” Robert laughs, but says nothing. Austin then asks what she’s like in bed.
He answers, “Well, I never kiss and tell, but I will say that before marriage, Jenny transported me to a realm as much better than heaven, as heaven is better than hell, then afterward would purr, ‘Wow, that was incredible!’ But after we got married, while I was at her, she’d yawn, read a magazine, or talk on the phone. I’d hear her end of the conversation: ‘Nothing much. What are you doing?’ Afterward, she’d growl, ‘Oh, yuck, move over. You sleep on the wet spot for a change.’” The pitchers laugh.
At this point, the Twins hit a long fly ball that bounces right off the top of the wall and stays in the park. Ron Shaw, a long reliever, gripes, “Oh, just one inch, one measly, little inch. Shit!”
Robert states, “Your wife cries herself to sleep thinking that every night.” Everyone chuckles again. Then he adds, “I miss a lot of things by one, too. I invested ten grand in the Boeing 746, goddamn idiot stockbroker, and just last week I was the millionth and first customer in a supermarket where the lady before me won a trip to Tahiti. I’ll never hold the fucking door for an old hag again.”
“Oh, look at her, would you?” says Austin. “Up there.” Several pitchers turn around to catch a pretty brunette with a low-neck sweater bending over to get something. “I could have so much fun with those,” Austin remarks. Ron agrees they look like two jugs of fun.
“Now, now,” Robert reprimands. “Don’t be pigs. Women should be judged by their character, not their bodies. I’m sure there’s an extraordinary mind underneath that delectable set of tits.”
“You’re right,” answers Austin. “I’m ashamed of myself. From now on I’ll judge a woman by her mind. So, what do you think her IQ is, Owens?”
“I’d say maybe 36C.”
More laughter.
Joe Sodeman comes to the plate for the Twins. “Go Sodomy!” screams Ron, using the nickname the Twins favored.
“Sodomy?” asks another pitcher named Carlos Sierra. Carlos was stupid in Spanish and moronic in English. “What means?”
“Owens, you’re smart. Explain sodomy to Sierra,” says Ron.
“Me? You’re the expert,” Robert responds. Then he turns to Carlos and says, “All right. You know what you did to your pet goat when no one was watching?” The others chortle.
“Huh?” asks a confused Carlos.
“You know what Shaw did to you when you dropped the soap in the shower?” The other pitchers laugh again as Carlos gets more confused. “Sodeman is some shitass name, all right,” continues Robert. “Almost as bad as Austin. Why did your parents give you such a crappy name, Austin? Was your mom punishing you for a hard labor?”
“It’s better than boring old Bob. I was conceived in Austin, Texas.”
“Lucky for you they didn’t go to Guadalajara that day.”
Austin laughs.
A couple of minutes later, Ron contributes, “On the way here I was driving on my Harley next to a semi when its tire blew. Pieces of rubber went everywhere, and I just about lost control. I even got some in my mouth.”
“That’s not the first time you’ve had rubber in your mouth, is it, Shaw?” Robert asks.
“You mean a soother?”
“Is that what they’re calling it nowadays?”
“You’re a laugh riot, Owens. Hey, do you know what they call the worthless skin at the end of a penis?”
“Foreskin?” answers Austin.
“No, a man,” says Ron. The pitchers howl. “My wife told me that one.”
“Well, in her position, I’d definitely agree,” responds Robert. “But it’s a good job she’s not a doctor or there’d be some mighty upset parents when she returned with the leftovers after she circumcised the boy off. Especially when it’s so insubstantial as in your case, Shaw; at least, that’s what Guadalajara tells me.”
“Okay, Veens, that’s the last time I give you a soother,” says Ron to everyone’s chuckling.
“What do they do with the foreskin they snip off, anyway?” asks Austin.
“They use it for rhinoplasty,” Robert replies. “The trouble is, when you get excited, your new nose grows like Pinocchio’s. You have to blow it to make it go down again.”
Robert is told to warm up at that point to pitch the next inning.
The man who recorded this offered the tape to the highest bidder, but was disappointed in the response. Little of it could be played on the air. One entertainment news show did pay him for Robert’s observations on sex with Jennifer. It aired the next evening. The paparazzo then uploaded the entire tape onto the Internet to boost his reputation and damage Robert’s.
Twins management laughed, but they were not amused. Some of the content had the potential to bring the organization into disrepute. Robert was called on the carpet and swore to be a paragon of virtue henceforth. He was told to apologize publicly. A contrite and mortified pitcher did so at the Twins’ news conference the next morning. Questioning from reporters referred to the Internet site, and hits thereafter registered in the thousands. Major League Baseball let him go with the apology and decided not to fine him.
During the questioning, the issue of his disavowing his child perforce came up. With team management looking on, he had no choice but to finally go on the record. “Everyone sees this as black and white: Bobby bad, Jenny good. It’s nowhere near that simple. I won’t cast blame, but I will say our marriage was unendurable for reasons that are none of anyone’s business. Neither of us knew she was pregnant when we got divorced. But as Jenny and, it seems, pretty well everybody else on the planet have made clear, that’s all beside the point.
“Whatever my feelings toward Jenny, I should be doing right by my daughter, Kara. My conduct in this matter is indefensible and reflects poorly on the organization. I want to apologize to Jenny and Kara, and to the Twins for any blight I may have put on their good names. I will not under any circumstances remarry Jenny, but I would like to be in my daughter’s life. I’ll talk to Jenny about how that might happen after the playoffs. That’s all I have to say.”
*
October 5th was a hectic day in the lives of Robert Owens and Kristen Taylor, with more than its share of joy, tension and pain.
Game three, played that afternoon at Yankee Stadium, was a wild affair, one of the most memorable games in playoff history. Robert had earlier invited his son and Kim to the game. They were in the stadium about twenty rows behind the Twins’ dugout. Jennifer invited herself and, Twins cap notwithstanding, was admitted without a ticket and shown to one of the best seats in the house, just two rows behind the Twins’ dugout.
By the end of nine innings the score was tied nine nine. The Twins had used all but three of their depleted pitching staff and all but one bench player in trying to stop the Yankees. In the top of the tenth inning, the Twins scored a run on a homerun, but the new reliever had no control and loaded the bases in the bottom of the tenth. In came the second-last reliever, a man who’d been mediocre during September. The announcers were puzzled that the Twins wouldn’t use Bob Owens first, speculating as to the reason.
“Do you think he’s in the doghouse because of his conduct in the bullpen in game two?” asked the play-by-play announcer. “I saw the recording this morning on the Internet, and I have to admit I did laugh, but I can’t imagine the Twins are happy about some of the off-color stuff on it.”
The color commentator answered, “No, I can’t imagine the Twins would keep their best middle reliever out of this do-or-die game just to make an example of him. The best guess is the shoulder pain that took him out of game two is more serious than we thought.”
The new pitcher allowed in the tying run before retiring the Yankees. To the eleventh inning they went. Again, the Twins scored a run in the top of the inning. Could they hold it? The bottom of the inning began with a walk. Next there was a scary play in right-center field: the Twins’ second baseman and right fielder collided in trying to get to a pop fly. Both had to come out of the game. That left the team with no choice but to use their last bench player, and to put Owens in the outfield, a position he’d never played at the major league level.
A chorus of boos and catcalls greeted his entry. “There’s the moron who ditched Jennifer Taylor and won’t take responsibility for his kid,” half the crowd mumbled to the other half. “Owens is a bum, Owens is a bum,” chanted the bleacher creatures. The TV showed Jennifer and Robert on a split screen: the loving woman/mother, who looked impossibly cute in her baseball cap, versus the heartless ex-husband/deadbeat dad.
With men on first and second and nobody out, the next batter sent the ball through the right side of the infield. The third base coach, knowing there was no one out and realizing a player with a good throwing arm was out there, held the runner at third. Smart move, for Owens charged, picked up the ball cleanly and threw a strike to the catcher.
“No sign of any arm troubles on that throw,” commented the color commentator.
Now the bases were loaded, with no one out. If the Twins’ general manager was having conniptions already, picture his tantrum as the next pitch was hammered back to the pitcher, hitting him on his pitching elbow. The ball bounced away, and the tying run scored. The gods were apparently pissed at the Twins. The manager, pitching coach, and trainer came out to check on him. He was in evident pain, but said he would try to continue. The next two pitches, both balls, caused him too much pain to carry on. Out went the call to Owens to come in and pitch. The heckling started anew.
Robert was on the spot, with bases loaded, nobody out, and two balls already on the batter. The Twins’ chances looked grim. If the Yankees scored they would win the game and the series. With the team’s season on the line he had no choice but to go all out, dropping any concern about ruining his shoulder. I will not lose this game! he defiantly resolved as he took his warm-up pitches and the fans jeered. Kim, Brian and Jennifer got up to cheer.
“Play ball,” pronounced the umpire. The batter stepped back into the batter’s box. The crowd, sensing imminent victory, rose to their feet and screamed. How sweet it’ll be to beat this deadbeat! The first pitch was a ball. The screaming from the crowd was earsplitting.
“What incredible pressure on this young pitcher,” said the play-by-play announcer. “One more ball and the series is over! One more ball and the Twins go home for the winter.”
*
Three thousand miles to the west, after spending the morning in the hospital, carrying out bone marrow aspirations and biopsies, administering chemotherapy, giving a half-hour talk on transfusion therapy and going on rounds, Kristen opened her afternoon at an outpatient clinic. She spent a half-day a week at the clinic, seeing her own hematology/oncology patients and helping in the care of other patients. As Robert was getting set for his next pitch, Kristen was passing on bad news to anxious parents:
“Mr. and Mrs. Lopez, I have the results of your son’s tests. I’m sorry to say they confirm that Jose has acute lymphocytic leukemia.” The wife embraced her husband and began to cry. The man was too shaken to say anything for the time being.
Kristen continued, “I know this is a shock, but I want to assure you the prognosis is good for this type of cancer. The chances of a cure are now approaching ninety percent. Try to focus on that throughout the ordeal. Let’s get the bad news over with, then we’ll talk about what we need to do to cure Jose. Besides the chance he might die of the disease, the treatment regimen isn’t pleasant. There are a few serious long-term effects, including the possibilities of future cancers, osteoporosis, heart disease, and infections. His physical growth may be affected—”
“How?” said the father. He looked like he needed to cry, but couldn’t.
“It may affect his height, and he may have a greater tendency to get obese. Also, he may experience depression, anger, and confusion. But we know those risks and work to prevent them. Clinical research is going on all the time, including here at UCSF, to increase the rate of cure and reduce the risk of side-effects.” The parents struggled to take it all in, despair darkening their small world.
*
Back east, the frenzied crowd awaited the next pitch. With the count three balls and no strikes, everyone knew the batter would not be swinging. The play-by-play announcer said, “Owens is pitching with a full windup. He delivers: Right down the middle for strike one.”
The color announcer opined, “If Owens misses the strike zone, the series is over, so the batter will be taking the next pitch, too.”
The play-by-play man took over, saying, “The crowd is on their feet screaming in anticipation of an impending win. The pitch: strike two!” With a full count the din reached a crescendo as the next pitch loomed. “Owens comes set. The pitch: Strike three! He threw that one right down the middle, too, but the batter swung through it.”
Added his color commentator, “Owens fooled him with a change-up. He was expecting another fastball and he swung too soon.”
The noise level abated for a moment as the next batter came to the plate. “Bases loaded one out with the Twins’ season on the line. Here comes the pitch, and here comes the runner from third! It’s a suicide squeeze!” The roar from the crowd was deafening. “The ball is popped up! Owens dives and makes the catch! On his knees, he throws to third for the double-play. Stupendous play by Owens!”
The crowd was silenced, except for twenty thousand or so who stated, “Fuck!”
*
“This will be a difficult time for Jose, and for you two, but he is in the best of hands,” assured Dr. Taylor. “We’ll work our very hardest to make sure Jose lives to old age. I know you need some time to adjust to this, but we need to get going with his treatment as soon as possible. He’ll need chemotherapy; we give him some potent anticancer drugs. The first month of treatment is intensive, but over ninety-five percent of all children come out of this stage with their cancer in remission. That’s miraculous, don’t you think? It should give you a lot of hope.
“Jose may need to spend some of the first month in the hospital to avoid serious infections because the chemotherapy will affect his ability to fight them off. Let me stress how important it is for Jose to take all medications prescribed for him. Do you understand?” The parents nodded as if in a daze. “After month one, he’ll get an intense four- to eight-month program of consolidation treatment and at least two years of maintenance chemotherapy. These two stages are critical to ensure we destroy all the cancer cells.
“Are you two okay?” They nodded in shock. “I’ll have more information for you next week, but I’m sure you have enough to think about already. I have pamphlets for you that describe the disease, its known causes, how we treat it, and so on. This one is for a support group for parents of children with leukemia. I strongly encourage you to join. It really helps. If you have any questions, please call me. My card is stapled to this brochure.”
*
Robert, who originally entered the game as the right-fielder, had to go up to bat. Leading off in the top of the twelfth, he was greeted by taunts of “You suck, Owens!” He responded by grounding a base hit past the pitcher into center field, which had the announcers chuckling that a pitcher with but two plate appearances in the majors could do that. It was his first hit in the majors, and he was thrilled. Jennifer, Brian, and Kim jumped up and clapped. Robert asked for the ball. The umpire threw it to the dugout for safe-keeping.
The Twins bunted him to second, but stranded him there, and the game went to the bottom of the twelfth. Between innings, Robert called Brian down and gave him the baseball. A camera recorded the event, which showed Robert kissing his son on the head, and the network replayed it as the bottom of the twelfth commenced. The network sent a roving reporter to question the boy, and Brian proudly stated on camera, “He’s my dad!”
“Maybe if he gets more hits, we’ll see how many other children he has,” joked the color commentator.
*
As the distressed Lopez couple left the office, Kristen’s next patient entered. “Hi, Mrs. Allen. Hi, Sonya. You’re looking good. How are you feeling?”
“Pretty good,” said the seven-year-old.
“That’s great. As I told you last time, Mrs. Allen, we’re going to do one more spinal tap to make sure the lymphoma is extinguished from her central nervous system. Have you reminded her of what she can expect?” The mother nodded. “Okay, Sonya, Mommy’s going to put you on the table and take off your shirt.” The mother did this. “All right, now lie on your side, curled up with your knees tucked up.” Her mother helped Sonya comply and sat next to her. “I’m going to clean your skin; it’ll be a little cold. Good girl. Now, I’m going to give you a little needle. It’ll sting a little, but it will make everything I do after this hurt much less, okay?” Sonya started crying. Her mother took her hand, kissed her, and petted her head. “That’s a brave girl!” praised Kristen. “We’ll wait a few minutes now.”
While waiting for the anesthetic to take effect, Dr. Taylor checked over her patient’s chart and chatted with the mother. “Okay, Sonya, you’ll feel a little pressure now.” As Kristen inserted the needle, Sonya once again began to cry. “Hold her still, Mrs. Allen. Good girl, Sonya … Okay, just a few more seconds,” Kristen advised as she withdrew the cerebrospinal fluid, then the needle. “All done. You were terrific, Sonya,” she complimented as she applied a bandage, then patted her patient on her shoulder.
“You’ll need to keep her still for about fifteen minutes,” she said to the mother. Mrs. Allen covered her shivering daughter with a blanket. “When you get home, make sure she lies down for several hours, flat on her back as much as possible. Give her plenty of liquid and restrict her movements over the next day. See you next week, Sonya.” While the Allen girls waited, Kristen did some paperwork.
After they left, Kristen dashed to an operating room in the hospital to observe as one of her patients underwent an operation. Weeks earlier, she’d diagnosed the two-year-old boy with Wilms tumor, a childhood cancer of the kidney. The operation, a radical nephrectomy in which a surgeon removes the entire kidney and surrounding fatty tissue and lymph nodes together with the adrenal gland, followed a course of chemotherapy to reduce the size of the tumor and eradicate disseminated disease. There was no need for her to be there, but she wanted to see the procedure so she could better explain it to parents in the future.
She stood next to the surgeon as he directed the surgical oncologist fellow. “Begin with a transverse abdominal incision long enough to enable a careful abdominal exploration to look for any evidence of cancer.”
*
While the surgery progressed, the game was unfolding nicely for Robert. He was pitching the game of his life, though his shoulder got a little sorer with each pitch. Through five innings, he’d surrendered but one hit to the best hitting team in baseball. The bats had gone silent. This 11-11 game was now a pitcher’s duel.
The fun had just begun. In the bottom of the sixteenth, the major league homerun king stepped to the plate with one out. He was mammoth, a six-foot-five, 250-pound monster with a mean look and an even meaner temperament. He’d broken the bat in two over his leg after Robert struck him out in the thirteenth. From the perspective of the pitcher’s mound, he was an awful sight. One expected him to launch the ball into outer space every time. The fans rose to their feet to urge him on. “Tiny,” as he was facetiously nicknamed (confusing many a German who objected, “But zis man is huge!”), leaned over the plate and drove an outside fastball deep to right field.
“Hit hard!” shrieked the announcer. The crowd roared. “If it stays fair the game is over … foul ball!” A relieved pitcher decided to take the plate back and threw the next pitch inside.
Tiny leaned right into the pitch and proceeded to charge the pitcher, bat in hand. Kim and Jennifer screamed in unison. The crowd hushed.
*
The surgeon, a lifelong Yankees fan from the Bronx, had asked to be kept updated on the game. He had scheduled the surgery late in the afternoon so he could watch the game. When it went into extra innings, he cursed as he went to do his critical work, telling a resident to let him know when something important happened. Now, ninety minutes into the operation, he’d heard nothing and was curious about what was going on.
A few minutes later, the resident called in from the observation room to report, “The game is still tied in the top of the seventeenth. The Twins are down to their last pitcher. He’s been pitching since the eleventh, and so far he looks un-hittable.”
“Who’s the pitcher?” asked the surgeon. Just what Kristen wanted to know.
“Owens.” Kristen’s eyes opened wide. “You know, the one who was married to Jennifer Taylor. You should’ve seen the play in the last inning. Owens hit Tiny with a pitch, and Tiny charged the mound with his bat, aiming to foul the pitcher,” said the resident with a chuckle at his own wit.
“Is he hurt?” asked an alarmed Kristen.
“No. He dropped Tiny in the blink of an eye. It was amazing. Then he just walked away from him, cool as could be. Tiny was down on the ground and out of it for a few seconds. When he revived, they ejected him for charging the mound.” The doctors got back to work.
*
The ex-Special Forces soldier had subdued Tiny in a split second, ending up with the bat in his hand. It happened so fast, there was no time for the benches to clear. Robert tossed aside the bat and walked away from the prostrate Yankee, who showed no signs of movement.
“Did you see that?” the astonished announcer said. The crowd was too stunned to boo for a few seconds. The Yankee’s manager, trainer, and doctor came out to check on Tiny, who was slowly coming to his senses. The Twins’ manager ran out to talk with the home plate umpire to forestall an ejection of his pitcher, which would cost his team the game. He ousted Tiny, whom he held solely responsible, and called him out for leaning over the plate to get hit by the pitch. Then the booing began.
The network played it back over and over from different vantage points, also showing Jennifer jumping to her feet, screaming, then sitting with a slight smile. Tiny was helped to his feet and off the field. With fifty-something thousand irate New Yorkers screaming for his head, Robert calmly struck out the next batter and strolled off the mound.
“Who is this guy?” everyone started to wonder.
In baseball, there’s commonly a tit-for-tat when a player is hit by a pitch. As luck would have it, Robert was the third batter in the next inning. The umpire went out to warn the pitcher not to throw at Owens. With no more substitutes, the Twins would lose by default if any player got injured and couldn’t continue. He didn’t listen. His first pitch was a ninety-seven mile-per-hour fastball that hit Robert’s left hand as he attempted to avoid it. With his hand still on the bat, there was no give, and the ball shattered two bones in the back of his hand.
Pure joy and pure pain are immediately betrayed by our facial expressions; there was no doubt which one Robert was experiencing at that moment. Just looking at his face, everyone watching at home went, “Ooh that must hurt. That poor guy,” with a titter.
Robert picked up the ball and reared back to retaliate at the pitcher, who put his arms up over his head for protection. The umpire immediately grabbed his arm and admonished, “If you do this, I’ll toss you, and your team loses.” The center field camera showed a close-up of his furious face, as the umpire warned him. His manager ran out to calm him down. Robert considered for a moment, then dropped the ball and walked toward first base. The umpire ejected the Yankee pitcher and warned the Yankee skipper that he would go next if there were any further incidents.
The Twins’ doctor accompanied the manager to check on their injured player. Seeing his bloody hand with a small bone protruding through the skin, the manager asked Robert if there was any hope of his continuing. “I’m not losing this game!” he asserted. The game was called for a few minutes while the doctor sprayed on anesthetic and bandaged the hand, the TV showing his damaged hand and grimacing face as the work proceeded.
“He has to stay in the game or the Twins lose, but that has got to affect his pitching,” said the announcer.
Yankees fans started chanting, “O-wens, O-wens, O-wens.”
*
The resident came back to inform the surgeon, “The Yankee pitcher retaliated at Owens. He threw a fastball right at him. It hit his hand; it hit so hard I’m sure it must be a comminuted fracture. He screamed when it hit.” Kristen flinched. “They showed the hand up close. A bone was piercing the skin. I could feel his pain as the TV showed him grimacing.”
“What was the pitcher doing up to bat?” asked the surgeon.
“He had to come in as a right fielder when two Twins collided in the outfield. The Twins are out of players. If anyone else gets hurt their season’s over.” The surgeon chortled. Yankees fans aren’t noted for their sympathy.
“Can he stay in the game? Which hand got hit?”
“His left hand and he’s a right-hander. He has to stay in the game or the Twins lose … Wait,” said the resident who was watching the game on a portable TV. “Owens just stole second! The fans were taunting him. That shut them up. Ha!” Kristen smiled. “Oh, pop out,” resumed the resident. “Now we’ll get to see if he can still pitch.”
“Okay, we need to get on with the surgery. Just update me when something exciting happens,” instructed the surgeon. The resident sat back and watched the game and the operation.
*
Getting his glove on was a chore, but Robert went out in the bottom of the seventeenth to pitch. The Twins’ coaching staff held their breath as they witnessed him wincing with every warm-up pitch. The announcers speculated as to the effect the sore hand might have on his performance.
“Not only will he feel it every time he throws, if something is hit back to him he may not be able to catch it. That opens a big hole up the middle for the Yankees.”
After walking the first man up, they began to guess this was the beginning of the end. His fastball was now topping out at eighty-six miles per hour. He threw it to the next hitter, and he walloped the pitch to deep left-center field. The crowd rose to their feet and screamed.
The play-by-play announcer said, “Long fly ball, deep to left! This could end it … Jones leaps and makes the catch! Right at the top of the wall!” The crowd hushed in disappointment as the marvelous play was replayed from different angles on TV. But now everyone believed it was only a matter of time. The Yankees and their fans smelled blood.
Robert’s curve was still working to perfection, however. The next batter up drove the pitch into the ground for an easy double-play. The TV showed Brian standing up and cheering.
Nothing happened in the top of the eighteenth, but the bottom was another story. His pitching speed dropped another notch, and the Yankees began to make regular contact.
*
“The Yankees have bases loaded with one out,” said the resident over the intercom a few minutes later.
“All right!” declared the surgeon. “Owens is starting to struggle. Now let’s get tissue samples from the other kidney and lymph nodes,” he instructed his protégé.
“Actually, he’s still doing well,” corrected the resident. “The Twins should be out of the inning, but the second baseman made an error on a double-play ball.”
*
Up to the plate strode the leading hitter in the majors. The situation once again looked grim, but Robert refused to give in. His next pitch was hit hard. The runners left their bases on contact. The crowd again jumped up and screamed. “Ground ball to short!” exclaimed the animated announcer. “Here comes the throw to the plate … he’s out!”
The color commentator noted, “That might’ve been a double-play ball, but the shortstop couldn’t take that chance with the season on the line.” Fans, tiring of the emotional rollercoaster, fell back down dejected. But there’s still another chance, they consoled; bases are still loaded. This would be a real battle between a weary pitcher and a fatigued hitter.
*
The surgeon looked around to prompt an update. The resident went to the intercom and reported, “Two outs now, with bases still loaded and a full count!” said the resident.
“Put the TV’s speaker up to the intercom,” ordered the surgeon. The resident did as his boss demanded.
“Three and two, two outs, bases loaded in the bottom of the eighteenth inning,” said the announcer to underscore the exciting situation. “If Owens misses the strike zone, the Twins go home for the winter. If he gives up a hit, the Twins go home. If he balks, the Twins go home.”
Oh, God! Kristen said to herself.
“The payoff pitch … foul ball.”
The next four pitches were also fouled off. The clamor diminished then gradually rose again as the next pitch loomed. As each pitch was released, the din reached a crescendo. Kristen’s stomach followed a similar pattern.
“Owens gets the sign from the catcher. He winds and throws … Fouled off again! That pitch may have been a ball, but the batter swung.”
Added the color commentator, “It was a changeup. That sets up his fastball again. Listen to this crowd. It’s pandemonium here.”
By contrast, the operating room was muted as the doctors held their breath with each approaching pitch. “Owens is showing remarkable poise, throwing strike after strike in this tense situation. Here comes the pitch … Strike three!” Kristen whooped for joy, which earned her a smirk from the surgeon. “He froze the batter with a wicked curve. What a gutsy pitch. What a tremendous pitch! And we move to the nineteenth. Wow!”
This duel had been costly for Robert: eleven hard pitches to one batter. His shoulder was, by then, exceedingly raw, and every pitch made it worse.
*
The kidney operation ended. It was a complete success, with no visual evidence that the cancer had spread. The surgeon allowed Kristen to pass the happy news to the anxious family in the waiting room while he rushed to the nearest TV set.
“Mr. and Mrs. Nguyen,” she said as she joined the large family standing by in trepidation in the waiting room, “I have good news for you: the operation went well. We saw no sign the cancer had spread beyond the one kidney, though we need to confirm that with tissue samples we took from your son. But I’m optimistic the worst is behind us, and he’ll make a complete recovery.” The happy family, all eight of them, lined up to hug and thank his doctor.
“You have saved my son,” proclaimed the grateful and tearful Mr. Nguyen. “I can never thank you enough. Heaven has a special place for people like you!” She gave credit to the surgeons, told the parents when they could see their son, and left to find a television.
*
By this time, the game was in the bottom of the nineteenth inning. In the top of the inning, the Twins had hit a solo homerun to put them in the lead. Kristen watched as the Yankees began the inning with another double. “Owens threw that fastball at seventy-eight miles per hour. My grandmother could hit that,” jested the color commentator. “But let me say before this game ends: whatever happens, we have been fortunate to witness one of the clutch pitching performances of the year.”
He walked the next batter on four pitches. The fire in Robert’s eyes was all but extinguished.
The stadium was on its feet, screaming hoarsely as the announcer said, “Owens checks the runners and comes set. The pitch: Base hit to left! Here comes the runner home!” Kristen covered her eyes. “The throw … He’s out! Great throw by Petrocelli! The runners advance to second and third with one out.”
Robert was desperate, his physical and emotional strength gone, but he got a stroke of luck. “The pitch: Line drive right to third base. He dives to tag the bag for a double-play! The Twins win! The Twins win! What an unbelievable game!”
Jennifer, Kim, Brian, and Kristen leapt to their feet and screamed for joy. The team mobbed their pitcher, who was in a crouch because his arm felt like it exploded with the final pitch. Robert was in a daze, exhausted and in great pain. Walking back to the dugout, he stumbled to his knees; he was dizzy and couldn’t stand. New York’s finest permitted Jennifer to go to Robert. She ran to him, knelt and hugged him, impelling the disappointed but touched crowd to another crescendo. He lowered his head onto her shoulder.
Robert Owens, kneeling in front of the dugout with a teary-eyed Jennifer Taylor hugging him, was the picture on the front page of the New York, Minneapolis, Toronto, and London, Ontario papers the next morning.
As Jennifer helped him to his feet, he spotted Brian and Kim standing by the railing. He waved them over. “You were awesome!” Brian said as he ran to his father. Robert smiled and hugged his son as best he could. Kim kissed his cheek and added, “That was so exciting and nerve-wracking. You were so good you sent chills down my spine. My heart is still racing!”
The four went into the club house where Robert got medical attention.
*
Kristen, happy that Robert had performed so well, went home, her twelve-hour day at an end.

Chapter Four

Domesticity

Robert’s pitching shoulder was shattered. The next morning, the team sent him back to the specialist in Atlanta, who gave him the same news his dad had got over a quarter century earlier: there’s no way you’ll ever pitch again. He’d expected that news, but he nevertheless quietly wept after the doctor left the room. While the Twins were losing the next game 13-3, he underwent a long operation that afternoon to repair his hand and shoulder.
When he awakened the next morning, Jennifer and Kara were in his room. She kissed his forehead and put his beautiful baby on his chest. “I’m sorry for taking our issues out on our daughter,” he said to Jennifer. “I’d like to make it up to her, but I don’t know how.”
“Can we maybe live together? I could show you what kind of friend and partner I can be. And you can be with your daughter.”
“I have a big decision on what to do with my future. Your career is set. Mine is done, and I need to start something new. The only thing I can think of right now is to go to Berkeley to finish my PhD.”
“I’ll buy a place there. We can live together and raise our child.”
“You make it sound so easy. I’ll be taking courses, studying for orals, and writing my dissertation. Won’t you be going on the road soon?”
“Rehearsals begin in four months.”
“So, what then? You leave Kara with me for, what, six months or more?”
“I was hoping so. We can hire you some full-time help. God knows I have the money.”
“I want our child raised by her parents—one of us, anyway—not by strangers. If I make this commitment, I’m in all the way.”
“Well? Is that a yes?”
“Yes.”
Jennifer said “Woo!” and hugged him.
He continued, “Don’t get your hopes up of marrying me again. It will never happen.” The hopeful woman nodded.
Jennifer’s publicist released the joyous news of their reunification and got her on some talk shows. Kristen remained dispassionate upon hearing the news. I don’t care, she told herself, with self-congratulations for putting him behind her and getting along so well.
*
Jennifer and Robert moved into an expensive condominium in Berkeley that had been selected and furnished by Jennifer’s manager. An excited Jennifer greeted her mate at the front door with a warm kiss. “Welcome home, Bobby. Come in, I’ll show you our new place.” They went through the family room and kitchen, then down the south hall to the bedrooms. “This is our daughter’s room, freshly painted pink. Isn’t it nice?” Robert nodded. “And just across the hall is our room.”
“Our room? No way, Jenny. You seem to think we’re married again or on the way there. Lose that notion right now. Never again. Do you understand me? I’m here for Kara. Period.”
Taken aback, she was speechless for a moment. Eventually she said, “Well, okay, um, you can have the guest room, but it’s on the other side of the apartment.”
“Why can’t I have this room?” he asked walking to the room at the end of the hall.
“Well, I had planned to give this room to the nanny so she could be near Kara.”
“The nanny? Why do you need a nanny? You’re not working now. I told you I didn’t want our child raised by strangers.”
“Well, her father had disowned her, and her mother has a very busy life. It seems to me you have no right to criticize me on this issue.”
“All right, you got me there.” Anyway, the presence of strangers made their little domestic scene less threatening to him. He knew Jennifer had wedding bells clanging in her mind, but this stranger interfered with the intimacy required to foster her designs. “I’ll move into the guest room.”
“No, you can have this room. The nanny can have the guest room.” So it was settled—and so, eventually, were they.
Other than being a one-man woman, and this was the one man she wanted on a permanent basis, Jennifer had nothing domestic about her. She had no interest in playing the role of a typical wife or mother. If Robert hadn’t come along, she would have been content to never marry. If Kara hadn’t come along, she would have been content without children. Now that she had both, though, she wanted to keep them forever. Her love, like her cousin’s, was difficult to earn but, once ensconced, almost impossible to dislodge.
Her goal was to secure his proposal. From his initial reactions, it was obvious she had a steep uphill climb in front of her. Other women would have given it up for hopeless at the start, but this was a sedulous woman. More to the point, this was an overconfident woman. Her life had been an enormous success, and nothing seemed beyond her reach. All this success convinced her that no one could resist her charms for long, and she could be oh so charming when it suited her purpose.
In the other corner was a man who knew how central family was to happiness and how empty life was without it. He’d known and adored Jennifer for over a decade, but had never loved her, and there can never be family without love. He’d married her out of sheer desolation after she’d told him the woman he did love had married someone else. He’d divorced her because he was miserable with her. He’d held her responsible for costing him his second family with Kristen as wife and mother. Fortune and fame would avail her not with a man who had no thirst for fortune and found bitter the taste of fame. Her quest was bleak.
Jennifer was warm, loving, and even wifely to him, but Robert shunned her advances with frequent warnings about expecting love from him. He wanted a platonic relationship with her, and he managed to keep it that way for the first three months. She felt if she could move beyond that roadblock, she could move much closer to her goal.
For her design, she chose a Friday evening in January. She got a bikini wax, dismissed the nanny for the night, put Kara to bed early, and mixed a few strong drinks for her quarry. As he sat watching TV—she’d tuned it to a porn movie—in his boxers and T-shirt, she went to her room and disrobed. She wrapped a short, white towel around her, and turned it so the slit was positioned just to the left of her crotch. Every step she took would give him a tantalizing peek.
“Nice boxers,” she said with a sexy smile as she strolled through the family room toward the kitchen.
Under the well-staged circumstances, the prey was helpless: too long abstinent, inebriated, stimulated by pornography on TV, and stalked by the nymph he still considered to be God’s most glorious work of art. His eyes opened wide as they followed her across the room. Her heart quickened; she could feel his eyes on her. She turned her head to catch him staring. He lowered his eyes, but now governed by lust, he quickly returned them to her.
In complete control over him once more—and savoring it—she said, “Don’t be shy. I love when you stare at me. Do you want to see more of me?”
He nodded with wide open eyes.
She sauntered up to him and jutted her left leg through the slit in the towel. Her whole body was buzzing with excitement. Looking into his bright eyes, she pulled the towel aside just a little, so he could see between her legs. She covered up again and smiled, coveting his adoring gaze. “More?” she asked as her excitement grew. He nodded with a broad grin. Facing him, she pulled the towel down slowly, holding it tight against her until her breasts popped out and bounced back up. Her pink nipples were erect. He was, too, she could tell when she glanced down at his lap. The delighted tease bent over to put her hands on his legs and slowly brush her breasts against his cheeks. He kissed her right nipple. Excited by his touch, she took a deep breath.
She pulled the towel back up and scolded, “Naughty boy.” He smiled impishly. “More?” she asked again, her voice tremulous with ardor. Another nod.
She made a leisurely half turn, stood straight up, turned her head back to see his eyes, and lifted the towel gradually until her perfect bottom was uncovered. She stepped closer to him so that her derriere was only inches from his face. He leaned forward and kissed her there. Goose bumps jumped up on her legs and bottom. She covered up and turned back to him.
“More?” she said. He nodded as his breathing became more rapid.
By this time, she was so eager every hair on her body was standing on end. Keeping her eyes on his eyes, she turned around again, spread her legs apart, and bent over little by little as she slowly raised the towel. His excited eyes and breathing exhilarated her. She held the pose for a few seconds, then covered up again, turned around, smiled salaciously at him, opened the towel wide and displayed her figure, swaying her hips to a song playing on TV. Then she abruptly closed it, tied it off at the top, and said, “Now you.”
She pulled him up, and she sat with an expectant smile and an erotic pose, legs slightly parted with her right hand resting on the chair as to conceal her genitals. Bashful, he stood still. “Here, let me help,” she said, as she put one forefinger on each of his pelvic bones. Her fingers pointed down and burrowed under the waistband of his boxers, then they continued down, pulling his boxers out over his penis until the top was exposed. Her eyes grew wider and breathing grew deeper as she continued pulling down, all the while brushing his penis with the back of her hands until his boxers fell to the floor. She kissed the tip and relished his sudden gasp. Her teasing was now bordering on torment for both of them.
She stood, pulled off his T-shirt, and pushed him back into the chair. “Here’s how it’s done,” she said. She turned around again, dropped the towel to the floor, and moved to within a foot of his face. He put his warm hands around her legs. His touch electrified her. She put her hands on his and bent over. He licked up her left thigh and kissed between her legs.
Startled at how good that felt, she said, “Oh!” He licked up her right thigh and used his lips to draw her clitoris into his mouth and licked and sucked it. That was all she could take.
Breathing hard, she quickly turned, straddled him, plunged down on him, clutched his head savagely, buried her tongue in his mouth, and aggressively thrust up and down on him. As undulations started deep inside and spread throughout her body, he took her left breast in his hand and the other in his mouth, propelling her over the edge. Her excitement launched his orgasm.
“Look in my eyes!” she commanded breathlessly. With her eyes, she tried to communicate, “I love you, and I want you forever.”
As she climaxed, she spread her legs as wide as she could and pushed down with all her weight, wanting every inch of him inside. So overwhelmed with passion was she, she bit his neck hard enough to break the skin, and she breathed so hard, she got lightheaded. When her long orgasm ended, she collapsed on him, powerless to move a muscle or even speak.
After a few moments cuddling, she said with a little embarrassment, “God, I think the whole neighborhood must have heard that. I’ve never been close to that wild before.” She kissed him and said, “I love you, Mr. Owens.” She took his hand and tried, “Come to bed, and we can be together all night, and every night from now on.”
But with his absolute physical need for her now considerably diminished, he refused. That did it.
“Dammit!” she said as she donned her towel. “I’ve been doing everything I can to be nice to you, to give you everything a man could possibly want. I’ve shared everything with you—my place, my daughter, and now myself, yet you continue to treat me like a stranger. I demand better, Bobby.”
“How so?” he responded as he put on his boxers.
“Start loving me!”
“No, Jenny, no! This is what I’ve been worried about. I warned you before I moved in. I’ve warned you a dozen times since I moved in. I do not and will not love you. I am here for Kara alone.”
“And what do expect to come of that? What happens when I go on tour?”
“You leave her with me?”
“Wrong. You don’t get her without me.” He looked at her with a combination of shock and anger. He put on his shirt, went to his room, and began packing his suitcase. She observed, leaning against the door frame, arms folded.
“What the hell are you doing?” she asked, hoping he was just grandstanding.
“What’s it look like? I’m moving out. This experiment has failed.”
“So you’re abandoning me again—just like that?”
“Yup.”
“And you couldn’t care less about our daughter?”
“I love how she’s yours when it suits you to assert ownership over her and ours when it suits you to assert ownership over me. You put the case starkly and convincingly. I’m wasting my time here. Kara and I have no future together without a price I will never pay, so I have to get out now before I get so close to Kara it would kill me to lose her. I fear I’m too late already.”
Seeing him continue to pack, she said, “Don’t leave! Please stay with us. Kara loves you, and I know you love her. I do want you to look after her when I’m on tour; I want her to be loved, not just cared for. You’re the only person in the world I could ever leave her with. Please say you’ll stay,” she pleaded with tears streaming down her cheeks.
He unpacked and said, “I’ll stay for her. No more pressure to love or marry you. Understood?”
She nodded and went to her room, depressed. Lying in bed grieving, she finally began to accept that husband and wife they would never be again. The best she could hope for was a continuance of their current situation.
By the time Jennifer left a month later to begin rehearsals for her upcoming tour, she had come to terms with their common-law relationship. She would come home to him and live with him when she wasn’t on the road, and they would be the best of friends. Kara would be brought up by her loving father when Jennifer was absent, and both parents when she was home. It wouldn’t be so bad, she concluded.
*
It took no time for the doctors at UCSF to recognize that Kristen was a gifted young woman who had already blossomed into an outstanding physician. The director of pediatric oncology at UCSF considered her the best new resident he’d seen in years and started just months into her first fellowship year trying to convince her to stay on full-time at the university once her fellowship was completed.
Near the end of that first year, he asked her to play a central role, under the guidance of a preceptor, in a phase I clinical study to test a promising new treatment on a small number of neuroblastoma patients, using nanotechnology to deliver chemotherapy drugs to the tumor cells. Too many times in her first year she’d had to convey a diagnosis of neuroblastoma to parents without much hope to offer, for this dreadful childhood cancer remained a death sentence for upwards of half the unfortunate children with it. Too many times she’d had to inform the parents of the death of their child from this disease because, once disseminated, it is resistant to conventional modes of treating cancer.
She jumped at the offer. This research project comprised the central focus of Kristen’s second and third years at UCSF.
*
Whereas Kristen loved her work, Robert didn’t relish the thought of the career for which he was training. Computer programming was a breeze for him, but it bored him, and the realization that he was now a computer geek depressed him. He was no longer a dashing major league baseball player, he was a nerd, which meant he had to beat himself up. His new profession held no gratification in comparison to his former calling, no distinction in comparison to Jennifer’s, and no meaning in comparison to Kristen’s.
His role as a father did give meaning to his life, though. To think he had wanted Jennifer to have an abortion, and later wanted nothing to do with the precious creature. Now he loved Kara and couldn’t imagine life without her.
He often took her to campus because he liked to be with her and to show her off. And she embodied a decided bonus: she was the greatest chick magnet ever conceived. Had he known, he’d have made Kara when he was sixteen and taken her on advertising junkets. “Want one just like this? Free delivery right to your womb. You provide the box.” Little Kara was beautiful like her mom, and all the coeds fussed over her, then examined the father, perhaps trying to determine if he had another one of those in him. As usual, though, the pretty ones—he had extremely high standards—would give nothing of themselves without the vow of a long-term relationship, a condition he was unwilling to meet.
Jennifer visited Robert and Kara but once between February and June, during a week’s pause in the concert tour in early May. Kara was strange with her, which was a downer, but she was soon off again, and out of sight, out of mind. It was a similar situation for Robert and his son. Robert had spent three days with him over Christmas and didn’t see him again until early July. As the visits were getting fewer and shorter, father and son began to grow apart. This bothered Robert, especially as he observed Jennifer and Kara growing apart, but he didn’t know what to do about it. And it would only get worse, as Phil’s sabbatical year had arrived, and he was to take Kim and Brian to Australia for fourteen months.
But life went on and, before they knew it, Kristen and Robert were in their final year of training. Robert had successfully passed his orals and qualifying exam, and embarked upon his dissertation. He’d had a hard time choosing what to do. Most of the work at the PhD level was dry, theoretical stuff that was of little interest to him.
Fortunately, he stumbled upon another field that sorely needed programming talents like his: astrophysics. He’d taken an elective in it, and discovered a fascination with applied work dealing with spacecraft and the challenge of getting them to their destination in one piece. Programming was so complex for missions to other planets that debugging had become next to impossible. Robert had a talent for cutting through complexity and getting to the crux of the matter in a hurry.
His professor of astrophysics brought a real life problem from the folks at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory into class: write a program in as few lines as possible to deploy the parachutes for a Mars landing craft. “This would make an excellent dissertation for anyone interested,” noted the professor. Robert went to see him after class and expressed interest. The professor agreed to Robert doing the work, and to becoming his thesis advisor. He assigned a half-dozen books and innumerable papers on the area for Robert to learn and write a review on to serve as his background chapters for the dissertation. By the start of his third year on campus, he was ready to write the program.
Meanwhile, Kristen’s research project had returned disappointing results in terms of improving the effectiveness of chemotherapy to treat the disease. As always, though, good scientists learn from their failures. Kristen published two well-received papers concerning the trial itself and hypothesized reasons for its failure to fight the cancer. She derived new ideas on the basis of the outcomes, and theorized specific DNA mutations that may result in the development of neuroblastoma. Her theories would later lead to improved treatments for neuroblastoma patients.
This research and her superlative talent for managing the care of children with cancer impelled top hospitals and universities across North America to vie for her as her fellowship wound down.
*
Jennifer had spent a grand total of seventeen weeks with Kara and Robert since she left almost two years earlier. She had the month of December off and spent it with Kara and Robert. By that time, her daughter had forgotten her. It took until the end of the month for mother and daughter to feel comfortable with one another, just in time for Jennifer to leave again for four months. She continued to love Robert, but time away from him had cooled her desire, which was just as well. Out of the blue one afternoon in late December, he asked her, “Have you heard anything about Kristen? Where she is, whether she’s married or in love? Anything?”
“Nope. Let’s go out to eat.”
“You must have some idea.”
“I have a great restaurant in mind. We’ll have to cross the Bay Bridge, but it’s so good, it’ll be worth the hassle.”
“Maybe you could ask your father to ask her father.”
“Come on. Grab Kara. I’m starved.”
“Do you think Krissy might still love me?”
“Oh, how the hell should I know? Don’t look at me like that. She called me the day after you disappeared. She told me she wanted to help me and you work things out. She got frantic when I told her the awful things you said to me about both of us. I haven’t talked to her since.”
“God, I’m an idiot. I have to find her. I’ve been thinking a lot lately about tracking her down, but it’s such a touchy situation. You two are a lot alike when it comes to me. How would she react if I contacted her?”
“I really can’t say.” Jennifer fidgeted and got up to pace. “Aren’t you hungry?”
“I can see this is upsetting you and I’m sorry, but this situation can’t go on forever. You go off for months on end and have the time of your life, and come home for a few weeks here and there, but I’m here all the time, and as much as I love Kara, I’m lonely. I need companionship. I need love. I need Kristen. What should I do to get her back?” Jennifer volunteered nothing, so Robert pushed more. “Jenny, I still love her.” He took her hand and added, “I promise we’ll always be close friends. You’ll always be welcome in my home. Please help me.”
Reluctantly, Jennifer advised, “Go where she is. Get a job in the same place. Set things up so you have to cross paths.”
He thanked her for the advice and said, “Okay, let’s go eat.”
“I’m not hungry,” she replied, and she went to her room.
Using his computer skills, he tracked Kristen down and learned she was just across the bay in the final year of her fellowship. He kept tabs on her to learn where she would go so he could follow.
The next July, he completed his dissertation. He went to JPL to test it on their computer simulator. No one expected the program to actually deploy the parachutes and land the craft safely—it did deploy the parachutes, but the craft came down too fast—but it contained many ideas that intrigued the people at JPL, much more straightforward ways to program certain aspects of this stage of the mission. The program was approved as his dissertation, and JPL offered twenty thousand dollars for the ideas. He gladly accepted it.
He was also offered a full-time position at JPL, with a faculty appointment at Caltech, but he declined it. Computer consulting is perfect, he concluded. He could work from home and look after Kara, and move wherever Kristen went. He agreed to consult for JPL on computer programming challenges related to a Mars mission. This would be his primary source of income for the rest of his working life.
So as the summer began, the main question in his life was, Where will Kristen go?

Chapter Five

The Paths Converge

While an undergrad at the University of Western Ontario, Kristen had taken a course from a professor by the name of Dr. Miriam Blalock, a Cambridge-educated pediatric oncologist. As the two interacted over the year, they became close. Kristen considered Miriam her mentor. Miriam considered Kristen the most impressive young student she’d ever met. Miriam tried to get Kristen to stay at Western to take her medical training, but she chose Stanford.
The two stayed in touch over the years, with Miriam following Kristen’s progress and hoping to eventually work with her. Early in the final year of her fellowship in pediatric oncology, Miriam began trying to entice Kristen to join her on faculty at Western. Kristen was interested, but said she wanted to keep her options open. As her residency wound down, Kristen had offers from all over North America, many with prestige and money exceeding what Western could offer. She told Miriam she could not consider Western with such attractive offers from other schools, but in late April, just as Kristen was about to accept an offer, she got another call from Miriam.
“You haven’t accepted a position yet, have you? Please tell me you haven’t,” Miriam said, without even saying hello.
“Well, hello, Miriam,” answered Kristen. “I have a meeting next Tuesday with the people at Johns Hopkins. I plan to accept their offer. Why, Miriam?”
“Don’t take it! There’s an incredible opportunity here in London that I want you to consider.”
“No disrespect, Miriam, but we’ve discussed this before. Western can’t compete with the opportunity I have at Johns Hopkins.”
“Just hear me out. You’ve heard of centers of excellence?”
“Yes.”
“The governments of Canada and Ontario are investing in a center of excellence for the treatment of childhood cancer. They’ve asked me to direct it, and I get to choose my staff. I want you to be my star recruit.”
“God, Miriam, this is sudden. Why didn’t you tell me sooner?”
“They only confirmed a few minutes ago that I was selected as director. I’m not even supposed to be telling anyone until the Ministers announce it, but I’m so afraid someone else will get you in the meantime.”
“What would my role be?”
“You would be assistant director of one of the best centers of its kind in the world. It would involve some of the top people in the field from across the country, and it’s to be centered at Western. The university has given me the green light to offer you full professorship as well.”
“That’s really flattering, Miriam, but I must say I wasn’t planning on significant administrative work in my immediate future. I want to use my skills as a clinician and researcher. That’s why I’m in the field.”
“I’ll keep your administrative work to a minimum, just enough to groom you as my replacement. Eventually. You choose how much you want to work with patients and with residents and students. There’ll be innovative clinical research trials centered here, and you can choose which ones you’d like to participate in. You can continue your research into neuroblastoma and use your skills in nanotechnology.
“The research work you’ve done is so impressive, Kristen. When I raised your name as a possible assistant director, the Board was concerned that you were young and inexperienced, but your articles detailing your work in the area convinced them of your incredible potential, and now they want you here, too. What do you say? Please!”
“It sounds terrific, but I need time to consider it. You don’t know how much I’ve agonized finally coming to a decision to take the Johns Hopkins offer.”
“Stop here on your way to Baltimore. I know you’ll be so impressed you won’t need to go there. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity for both of us, Kristen. But it’s also daunting. We both have a lot of exciting work ahead of us to get this off the ground, but with you I’m sure we’ll make it a great success. Oh, and we get a whole three-storey wing of a splendid, new state of the art facility to be completed within six weeks. I’m so excited!”
“I’ll stop there to talk more about this, and I’m guessing you’ll talk me into it.”
“Brilliant! You won’t regret it.”
“I haven’t said yes yet, Miriam.”
“Funny, I heard yes loud and clear. You just need to come here and sign a few things, and we’ve got you.”
Kristen flew to London that Saturday, stayed the weekend at her parents’—who worked all weekend to convince her to move back to London—and met Miriam on Monday morning. She flew back to San Francisco Monday afternoon as the new assistant director of the Centre for Research and Treatment of Childhood Cancer at the University of Western Ontario. Two months later, in early June, she assumed her new position.
*
Robert found out that Kristen had accepted a job in London about a month after she started. He couldn’t believe his fortune. Not only could he live near Kristen, he could live near his son. Without delay, he enquired about the possibility of a job with computer sciences at Western. There were no professorships open, but they welcomed his application for lecturer. He sent it and made preparations to move home. Within four weeks he was living in London, just a few blocks from campus and only two from Kristen. He’d hacked into a university computer system to find her address.
*
Mark Loftus, proclaimed as London’s most eligible bachelor by the local paper’s gossip columnist—and who could dispute with such an authority?—had leading man looks, a “nice guy” persona and limitless potential. At age thirty-four, he was the youngest Chief of Police in the city’s history, and had his sights set on the federal parliament, having just been nominated by the Liberal Party to run in the next election, and after that … well, this fluently bilingual Quebecker and bona fide hero was ideal prime ministerial material.
The month previous, just when he was being considered for the top job in the department, he had rushed into a burning house to rescue two children from certain death and became a local celebrity as a result. The deed catapulted him above his competition, and he was hired as police chief.
Kristen Taylor, a sucker for heroes, especially one who had saved children’s lives, noticed the handsome man as the TV news effused over his bravery. She’d moved to London just the week before he’d saved the children and decided now was a good time to come out of her shell. She went to the children’s hospital, nominally to meet the staff, and happened to meet him when he stopped by to see the children who were being treated for smoke inhalation. They hit it off right away, and he asked her out to dinner. She accepted.
This man knew how to woo the fair sex—not that he had to work hard at it, with just about every single lady after him. Not one to shy away from speaking of himself, he ingratiated himself with her with a thrilling description of his actions in rescuing the children, with his sense of humor, and with his aside that he was a member of Mensa. And he had just the type of looks she preferred in men: tall, slender, light hair, and a handsome visage with a dark complexion, dimples, and brown eyes. His bubbly personality impressed all comers. Everyone liked and admired him. And his main purpose in life, as he told Kristen, “is to help people. That’s why I want to be a politician.”
He was genuine in everything he said and did, a failing he’d have to redress if he expected to be a successful politician. They made a perfect couple, as the two were told continually.
Nine weeks after Kristen had moved back home and eight weeks after she’d met Mark, Robert and Kara moved to London. He’d been offered and had accepted an instructor’s position in computer science at Western. Now, how to rekindle the romance with Kristen? And how to get to know his son again? The latter mission seemed less intimidating, so he turned his attention there first.
Kim suggested he go to see Brian play baseball in early August. Brian played for a competitive team in London and was shutting down the opposition as his father had fifteen years earlier. He hoped to impress his father with his talents, but Robert was anything but.
As Kim and Robert watched their son pitch, Robert remarked, “His mechanics are awful. I taught him how to pitch. What happened?”
“He’s been doing really well all year.”
“That doesn’t matter. What does matter is he’s doing it all wrong.”
“Why doesn’t it matter that he’s doing well? That he’s the best in the league as is?”
“Because if he keeps doing what he’s doing, he’ll wreck his arm. Who taught him to pitch like that? And who taught him to throw curveballs at eleven years old? That’s irresponsible.”
“One of the coaches, I suppose.” The inning finished, and Brian headed toward his parents with a smile on his face. Kim told Robert, “Remember, he’s only eleven. And he desperately wants to impress his father. Boys need praise from their fathers.”
“I got a curve to work!” Brian told his dad as he came back to the bench after striking out the side.
“Yeah, you mowed them down, little fella. Great job.” Robert patted Brian on the head. “I’d like to work with you on Saturday to refine your pitching a little, okay? You’ll be even better. One more thing, I know you’re proud of throwing a curveball, but that’s very harmful to a young arm. Good coaches would never let a player your age throw—”
“Bob!” admonished Kim. Brian’s shoulders were slumped.
“Um, anyway, I’m very proud of you. With hard work, I think you can be a major league pitcher some day!” That perked the lad up, and he marched back to his bench happy.
The next Saturday, he went to Kim’s place to see Brian. He and Kim had agreed that Brian could stay Saturdays with Robert. This was to be the first Saturday. First, at Kim’s behest, the two went out to her front yard for a lesson in pitching. She knew Brian was uncomfortable about staying at his dad’s and thought that doing something dear to both their hearts would help the two bond.
It began well, but Robert found out it was hard to get a youngster to unlearn the wrong way to do something, particularly if said youngster was good despite the faults. Brian didn’t want to change his pitching delivery.
“If I change how I pitch, the coaches will tell me to do it their way.”
“Do you want a chance to pitch in the majors?” Robert asked. Brian shrugged. Robert furrowed his brow and said, “Don’t you want to play baseball when you grow up?” He shrugged again. “Regardless, a good lesson in life as well as baseball is to always do the best you can. Let me show you the right way to pitch. We’ll start with your upper body first. Get on your knees and start with your hands on your chest like this. Then bring both arms straight down to your waist and sweep them out like this … Brian. Are you listening to me?”
The lad was standing with his shoulders slumped again. “Don’t you want to know how to pitch well?” Slumped shoulders. “I know you get batters out because you’re fast enough, but you don’t pitch, you merely launch the ball. You won’t get anywhere like that.” Brian headed inside the house. “Where are you going?” Brian stopped, head down. “All right, go inside and sulk. Listen to those idiots instead of a major leaguer.” Brian went in, and Robert said, “Shit!”
Kim came out a moment later and said, “What happened?” He told her. “Bob,” she said, “you have to remember that Brian is just a little boy. He was more proud of his pitching than anything else in his life because that’s what his father did. He looks up to you, and he thinks he’s disappointed you.”
“I just want to show him the right way.”
“I know, but you’re trying too hard and too fast. You can’t just barge into his life and expect him to accept you so readily. It’ll take both of you time to really get to know each other. My best advice is don’t be in too much of a rush. He’ll come around. He’s a great kid.”
“I know, but please help me on this. I don’t want him to wreck his prospects.”
“I’ll talk to him.”
“Forbid him to throw a curveball. It’ll damage his elbow. Tell his coach.”
“I will. Now come in and reassure him you love him. Then we’ll ask him if he’ll spend today with you.”
“He doesn’t want to?”
“He’s uncomfortable about it.” Robert looked distressed at that news. “Again, Bob, he’s only eleven. He’s spent maybe three weeks with you over the last three years, so he needs time to adjust. Don’t be in a hurry, make him feel at home, show him how much you love him, and everything will work out.”
Robert went inside and apologized to his son. He hugged him and said, “I’m sorry. You have a great arm and will be a terrific pitcher. I want to make sure you have that chance. I love you, Brian. I want to be a real father to you from now on. I don’t mean to replace Phillip; I know he’s been here for you, and you love him. I just want to be with you as much as I can. You’ll have your own room at my place, your second home. You can get to know your sister, too. Your mom and step-dad say you can stay any Saturday you want. If you don’t want to, you don’t have to, but I’m asking, will you come home with me?”
“What video games do you have?”
“Uh, none, but I can buy whatever you—”
“Bob,” counseled Kim, “don’t try to buy his love. And Brian, don’t push it.”
“Okay,” replied Robert. “But he can pick out his favorite one, and I’ll buy it for him, all right, Kim? Phil?” They nodded, and father and son went to the store to buy the latest electronic bloodfest. The first Saturday went well—the two were hardly strangers, and pizza helped—and Brian started spending every Saturday at Robert’s. Within a few months, Brian stayed most every weekend.
Soon after returning to London, Robert at last reclaimed his steamer trunk that held cherished memories of his old life and hope for his new life. As he extracted each relic one Saturday evening, he explained the significance to his children, who took it all in with wide eyes. Brian was most impressed with the Giants jersey, Kara with the bronze medal. Brian wearing the jersey, Kara the medal, they watched and cheered for their grandmother as she skated in the Olympics for Canada.
Later that evening, Robert did a double take when he noticed his daughter holding his sister’s blanket while sucking her thumb and stroking her nose with her pinky exactly as Tara had. That brought a teary smile to his face. Before putting the trunk into a closet, Robert added a lock of Kara’s hair.

Chapter Six

Oh, My God! What’s He Doing Here?

After almost a month, Robert still hadn’t figured out how to happen across Kristen. He took Kara for frequent walks between Kristen’s place and her office, but never met up with her.
Kristen saw him once, but he didn’t know it. Sitting alone on a bench, thinking about a difficult case, she stopped breathing; she’d spotted him across the street. At first she didn’t believe her eyes. No, it must be somebody else. What would he be doing here? When he and Kara got closer, she knew it was him. That has to be his daughter! Kara was walking along beside him, holding on to his pinky. Overcome with emotions, she felt faint. She didn’t bat an eye lest he see her. He seemed to stroll by in slow motion, but he finally got far enough away for her to summon her strength and walk the other way.
As she mulled over the incident and struggled to come to terms with her feelings, she remained at a loss about how to construe it all. The most vital part of her was rapturous. Her soul came alive for the first time in four years. My soul mate! But that deep-seated sensation, as powerful and essential as it was, was still buried beneath layers of anguish, ire, disappointment, and apprehension.
Whatever this jumble of emotions meant, it gave Kristen a significant sense of disquiet, which led her to conclude that his return was unwelcome. I can’t deny I still love … No! I can’t go through that again! If I try for him again and fail, I’ll die. I can’t take the chance of losing Mark on such a risky proposition. Oh, why is he back? I hope he’s only visiting, said her mind, even as her being rejoiced at his return.
The next evening she had a prior engagement to keep. She was taking Mark home to meet her parents. She’d been looking forward to the dinner, but was now uncomfortable about it for reasons she couldn’t fathom. Mark was an immediate hit with Bill; the two police officers saw eye-to-eye on virtually everything they discussed. Lisa, too, was impressed with the beguiling gentleman and would have considered him an ideal match for her daughter—but for the ersatz smile on Kristen’s face all evening. She’d gotten used to a factitious smile from their daughter, but she would have thought Kristen would be genuinely happy on an evening like this.
As Kristen brought the dirty plates into the kitchen after dinner, Lisa said, “Mark seems like a great guy.”
“I’m glad you think so. I really like him.”
“Then … I’m hesitant to say this, because I know you got impatient with similar comments I’ve made in the past, but I’m your mother and I’m going to say it: you don’t seem happy.”
“Mom, I am happy with Mark.”
“Krissy, you’re my daughter, and I know you. If there’s something the matter, tell me.”
“No, I’m fine.” She stood silent for a moment, then mentioned, “I saw Bobby yesterday.”
“What? Where?” said Lisa.
“On campus. Walking along with his daughter.”
“What did you say to each other?”
“Nothing. He didn’t see me, and I was too flabbergasted to say anything.”
“So … how do you feel about this?”
“Confused and upset. I had put him behind me. I finally met someone I really like. Then Bobby shows up out of the blue. I wish he hadn’t, and I hope he isn’t staying.”
“I must say I agree. He’s hurt you too much for me to want him back in your life …” Lisa stopped when she saw how Kristen looked at her after her statement, a look that screamed, How can you say something so vile to your own daughter?
Kristen said, “That’s precisely how I feel,” which made her mother as confused as she was. “Next time I see him, I’ll just say hello, ask him why he’s back, and make it clear I’m now with … Mark and we can only be … friends, and um … I have more dirty dishes to clear.”
Lisa stood there looking at the spot Kristen had vacated and tried to sort out what it all meant. She dwelt on it through dessert, but remained perplexed.
After the couple left, she told Bill about it, who reacted as she had earlier. “Oh, Christ, no. Mark is perfect for her. Please tell me she’s not going to give Owens another chance to beat her heart into the ground. I’m convinced the last time nearly drove her mad.”
“Well, you should’ve seen her glare at me when I suggested she should keep him out of her life. Then, as if her eyes were disconnected from her lips, she almost immediately agreed with what I said. Then, as she was saying they would just be friends, she just about burst into tears. I don’t know what’s going through her mind, but I’d swear she’s still in love with Bobby.”
“How can she possibly still love him after what he did to her? She’s a brilliant girl, and she must know he’s a lost cause.”
“That’s it, I think. Her brilliant mind is telling her just that, but her heart still wants him. Keep in mind that our daughter sat at the table with this fine man all evening, yet still seemed to be sad. We both know she hasn’t been herself since Bobby left her. We both miss our old Krissy. Let’s be careful about steering her away from the one person who may be able to make her truly happy again.”
*
Kristen didn’t have to wait long to bump into Robert again. Not able to determine a better way of meeting her, he’d continued his deliberate walks between her home and the new center. The Tuesday after Labor Day, he met her just after noon. She was taking a lunchtime stroll with Mark and spotted Robert coming down the path toward them, so she took Mark’s hand and endeavored to look composed as her heart bobbled her ears and chattered her teeth. He noticed her and, seeing her walking hand-in-hand with a man, reacted with a shocked look for a moment before he supplanted it with a forced smile.
Robert hadn’t known what to expect before they met for the first time in four years. He had hoped, of course, for a joyful reunion with professions of undying love, and an unmistakable message that she still wanted him as husband. He had feared a tearful scene of remonstration and rejection. He had worried she would be taken by another. Now that it seemed as if the last possibility were true, it thoroughly dispirited him, which made him seem distant. He struggled to cover his feelings, which made him seem awkward.
Kristen had been agitated about how their first meeting would unfold after she’d seen him the week prior. She didn’t even know what to hope for: the joyful reunion scene of Robert’s dreams or an amicable, I-hope-we-can-be-friends greeting. With Mark along, the first possibility was out, so she expected the second. What she got was a remote and distracted man, which made her happy to have Mark along for a buffer. She reacted to Robert’s icy façade with a dispassionate greeting, which would have been more in keeping with meeting an old acquaintance, one whom she would rather have avoided.
She stood five feet away with her arms folded under her breasts and opened with, “Hello, Bob. Glad to see you. I heard you were in London. This is Mark Loftus. Mark, this is Bob Owens, an old friend …”
Distressed over Mark, over her impassive reception, and over being designated as an “old friend,” he tuned out her next few words as he mechanically shook Mark’s hand. He noticed movement beyond the two. A shadow was rushing up the path as a dark cloud overtook the sun. As the shadow engulfed the three of them, Kristen and Robert felt a distinct chill, but Mark noticed nothing. She moved closer to Mark. Robert saw Kristen was expecting a response to something, so he said, “Excuse me?”
“I asked what brings you back?”
“Well,” he replied, “um, I decided to move back to London because I’d missed too much of Brian’s life already.”
“Are you are a professor here?” she asked.
“No, just a lecturer and a computer consultant. There were no openings here in computer science, and anyway I like the flexibility of part-time work because of Kara, my daughter. Jenny gave her to me. She’s a great little girl.”
She nodded and said, “I figured you’d be a professor at MIT by now.”
Robert stood there in awkward silence for a moment, trying not to panic at what was turning out to be a disastrous meeting. Why was she being so standoffish? He said perfunctorily, “I was surprised to find out you’re here, too. I figured you’d be at Stanford or the Mayo Clinic or a place like that.”
“There was an opportunity too good to pass up. I’m the assistant director of the new childhood cancer center of excellence on campus.”
“Congratulations. I’m sure you’re the perfect person for the job. Well, I have to get back to Kara.”
“Yeah, we have to get going, too. So I guess we’ll cross paths now and then.”
“Guess so. See you around.”
They went their separate ways.
Kristen and Robert spent the next few hours ruminating about the interchange, trying to discern the other’s feelings. Both came to the conclusion that there was nothing left between them. That depressed Robert to the point where he went to bed directly he put Kara to bed at eight o’clock that evening, but he lay awake all night trying to come to terms with this new reality. What to do now? Try to win her back? Move on and put her behind him?
Kristen stayed with her normal routine. Her powerful, rational brain had wrested complete control over her emotions four years ago. Yet sleep would not come to her either. She’d been irritable since his return as her heart battled with her mind, but now her discomfort moved to a new level as her soul reawakened and demanded to be heard.
The first meeting had been discomfiting, but at least it was behind her. As for the future, she decided to avoid him. Circumstances dictated otherwise, however. The next day at work she was distracted, and her boss asked her about it.
“Are you all right, Kristen? It’s not like you to deride a student like that.”
“I know. I’m letting a personal issue affect my work. I promise that will stop.”
“Can I help?”
“No, it’s just … There’s this man I used to know who I thought was out of my life forever, but now he’s back.”
“Who is he?”
“Bob Owens. I found out he’s working as a lecturer with computer sciences here.”
“He’s not a threat to you, is he?”
“Oh, no, nothing like that. It’s just a sad chapter I thought was behind me. I’m uncomfortable he’s back, but I’ll have to learn to deal with it.”
That ended the discussion for then, but it would come back to haunt Kristen soon.
When the center was designated for Western, the sponsors dictated that a state of the art computer system was to be installed to help manage patient care and administration of the center and to facilitate research. A five-person steering committee was assembled to oversee the system’s establishment. It included a professor emeritus in computer sciences—no current faculty member could spare the time—who was an expert in Fortran; a burnt-out cancer specialist who prided himself on never having used a computer; a self-important hospital administrator who claimed to be good with computers, but knew nothing of them; a representative of the Ontario government who specialized in making herself look good, but who had no talent to back up her lofty aspirations, though she’d nevertheless impressed her superiors and was moving up quickly in the bureaucracy; and a representative of the federal government who never showed up.
Along with an embarrassment of riches in incompetence, the committee had a generous four million-dollar budget for the system. They put out a call for proposals and got back a dozen replies. They selected a substandard proposal because they didn’t know any better, and it had the merit of including subcontractors from all regions of Canada with a large Quebec component. The winning group knew well how to win business with the federal government in Canada.
The four million dollars had an unwelcome string that prudent politicians tied around unwilling bureaucrats: an evaluation component. No dollar amount was designated though—politicians never take prudence very far—so the committee set aside a pittance for this unwelcome intrusion: five thousand dollars. The committee put out a call for proposals without a dollar amount stated and got twelve bids starting at $49,995.
At this point, the system was ready for beta testing, and the committee was getting desperate. They summoned the director of the center and informed her that the system would be delayed until they could get it evaluated, and there was too little money available for a proper evaluation. That was bad news, because the center could not be fully operational without it. Miriam told them she might have someone who could help, a computer specialist right here on campus.
“Kristen, a moment please,” Miriam said as she strode up to Kristen’s office door. “I need your help. You might not like it, but I wouldn’t ask if it weren’t really important. You mentioned an old acquaintance of yours was a computer guy?”
“Yes,” Kristen answered with a frightened frown. “Bob Owens.”
“Do you think he’d be good at evaluating a computer system?”
“He’d be tremendous at anything he put his mind to. Don’t tell me you want him to evaluate our system?”
“Yes. You need to ask him if he would be good enough to do it.”
“No, Miriam, please don’t ask me to do that. I can’t. He makes me wretched.”
“But this is an emergency. We need that system up and running, as you well know. It cannot go into full operation without an evaluation.”
“But there must be dozens of evaluators out there.”
“There’s only five thousand dollars available for it, so he would have to do it mostly as a favor to you.”
“Why only five thousand? After they spent four million on the system?”
“I don’t know. The steering committee didn’t say. Will you ask Dr. Owens to help?” Kristen looked disconcerted and shuffled around. Miriam continued, “I’ll tell you what. I’ll call him and ask him to come over here about a small consulting assignment. I’ll mention you’ll be here.”
“All right.”
Miriam made the call, and Robert agreed to come for a meeting the next afternoon.
The next day, Kristen came to the meeting ten minutes late, looking harried. “Sorry I’m late,” she said. “A little trouble with a patient.” Too nervous to look at Robert, she glanced at him and fixed her eyes on the floor.
Miriam said, “I had just begun telling Dr. Owens about the assignment, but warned him that the budget was five thousand dollars.” She turned to Robert and said, “So, what can you do for us?”
“I need much more information before I can answer that. I assume it’s a simple system with so little available for the evaluation?”
“Well, I’m not sure how to answer that,” said Miriam. “I’ve never even seen it in action, and even if I had, I wouldn’t be able to assess its level of complexity.”
“Do you know how much was spent on it?”
“Uh, four million dollars?”
Robert looked at her in disbelief. “You’re kidding,” he said. She shook her head. “Leaving aside my shock at how you could have possibly spent so much money for a database, I just want to confirm that you set aside five thousand bucks to evaluate a four million-dollar system?” Both women nodded. He chuckled. “Sounds like you don’t really want it evaluated. Afraid of something?”
“Blunt as always, Bob,” observed Kristen. “We have absolutely nothing to hide, and I don’t like the insinuation that we do. If I wanted to hide something, I would keep you as far away as possible.”
“What she means is—” started Miriam.
“Excuse me, Miriam, but her meaning is clear,” interrupted Robert. “I’m sorry to have accused you two of that, but it’s clear to me someone doesn’t want this evaluated. Who decided on the amount?”
“The steering committee for the system.”
“So they’re the culprits, eh? My next guess is that no one would take on this job with no money attached, so go to the one computer scientist either of you knows. Right?”
“If you don’t want to do it, just say so,” said Kristen.
“Kristen, please,” scolded her boss. “Dr. Owens has—”
“Bob,” he said.
“Bob has been good enough to come here and hear us out. You’re very shrewd, Bob. No one else will help us. Will you?”
As he considered the proposition, Kristen added with softened tone, “It’s important for the center. We need a good computer system for adequate patient care and for research purposes. You can help out sick children by helping us.”
“I’ll need complete access to the system along with relevant documentation and information on its development. And I’ll need to meet with the developers and the steering committee.”
“So you’ll do it?” asked Miriam
“Yes. I’m doing it for the children’s sake,” he claimed. Both women thanked him, and he set up a meeting with the steering committee and representatives of the design team for the next Monday.
At that meeting, he was given the beta copy of the system and hundreds of pages of documents. He asked lots of questions about system development and got more uneasy with each response. A patchwork quilt system developed by committee, he concluded to himself as the meeting came to an end. He took the material home and worked three long weeks on it. He also attended the initial training session with center staff. Kristen was there, but she sat on the opposite side of the room and kept her eyes away from him.
Three weeks later, his evaluation report was submitted to the steering committee. The report pulled no punches, as the point-form summary illustrates:

    The system is so full of bugs, it gives you cooties just to log on. From little surprises such as, “Your access to patient files is unauthorized! Your access is terminated. Your user ID will be transmitted to the police for possible criminal prosecusion [sic],” to continual crashes, there are far too many flaws to list. Perhaps the developers are hoping the users will identify all the problems for them, and they can respond to each, with a hefty tab for each consultation and fix. 
    The firewall is defective. Without a valid user ID and password, I was able to hack into the “hacker proof” system and gain access to confidential patient information in just four minutes. 
    The system is incredibly complex. There are tens of thousands of lines of code, which is what you get when you pay computer programmers four million dollars to write code. As with any other consultant, they will happily take whatever you pay them and expand the amount of work to justify the charges. (I wasn’t supposed to be able to see the source code, but it was easy to get to, which verifies the system is liable to attack from hackers.) This complexity is the system’s Achilles’ Heel. It will be astonishingly difficult to maintain. Frequent crashes are a certainty, and fixes will take time since there’s so much complexity. 
    The unnecessary complexity will cause problems for years to come, part of the benefits to computer consultants for designing such a monstrosity. Once the final system is delivered, desperate users will be calling them constantly to get help through the labyrinth. Healthcare workers will get hopelessly lost and rebel in quick time if this is foisted on them. 
    The training module was cast at too high a level for the typical user, a reflection of the system itself. By the end of the first hour, most trainees had a look of panic on their faces. They had asked innumerable questions, most of which got no satisfactory response. Many were saying, “This is impossible!” and “I refuse to work with this!” and several other colorful comments that would make a marine blush. By the end of hour two, most had given up, their minds far away from this nightmare. 
    Incredibly, despite a four million-dollar price tag—I keep mentioning this, I know, but it’s just so unbelievable—the system has no reporting capability. That is considered an “upgrade”—a multi-million-dollar one no doubt. So, the Centre can put data in, but get nothing out on any systematic basis. If you want to know something about what medicines little Johnny has gotten, the system can tell you that, assuming you can navigate your way through it. But if you want to be able to assess the efficacy of a particular drug in treating certain types of cancer, the system as it stands can’t help you. Thus, the system is useless for research purposes and little better for monitoring purposes. 
The university will have to continue pouring good money after bad into expensive consultants for fixes, upgrades, user support and probably psychiatrist fees. 

He concluded, “The only wise course of action would be to scrap the new system and sue the consultant to recover the money spent on it and begin again from scratch. A much better system could be devised for a fraction of the cost.”
In his cover letter, he reiterated this conclusion and added, “The steering committee will no doubt have grave concerns about this conclusion. To admit to a four million-dollar mistake will take courage, but there is no other responsible option. Should you decide to proceed with the current computer system, my recommendation is to start working up excuses and setting up fall guys now for its inevitable demise within a month of its unveiling.”

Chapter Seven

Fallout from the Report

As can be imagined, the steering committee was not amused with the report, and the computer consultants were outraged and threatening a lawsuit. They bridled at the “unprofessional tone,” “unjust vitriol,” and “unsubstantiated allegations.” The committee directed him to “re-write the report in a more professional and balanced manner,” warning that he wouldn’t be paid for the assignment until he did so.
He responded, “How ironic you’re more perturbed at this ‘unprofessional’ little five thousand-dollar report than at the unprofessional, huge four million-dollar boondoggle. As I expected, since your only other option is to admit to a spectacular mistake, you are aiming to shoot the messenger. You’ll have me re-writing until all the damning evidence is extirpated. I refuse. Keep your money. The I-told-you-so will be so much more rewarding.”
This put the center and university in an untenable situation. They couldn’t simply bury the report because the center was required to evaluate the system and report on it to the government. If they hired another expert reviewer, they would have to explain to the auditor why, which might bring the study to light.
Their first tactic was to send in someone to reason with him. And who better for this than the diplomatic star of the new center who knew the expert reviewer?
Kristen demurred, knowing that Robert’s work was unassailable—even if the report was unnecessarily inflammatory—and that he would never change the findings on principle. Besides, being near him was intimidating for her. The chairman of the steering committee begged her to reconsider.
“If this report goes forward as is, the government may halt the work of the whole center. They’ll question the entire setup,” he warned. She reluctantly agreed to speak to Robert.
Nervously, she walked to his office, a small, hot windowless basement room he shared with two graduate student teaching assistants. The door was open. She knocked and walked in.
“Kristen,” he said. “To what do I owe the honor of your visit to the poor side of town?”
“Well, um,” she began with a noticeable tremor in her voice, “I’ve been sent here to, um, talk to you about your report.”
“Did you like it?”
“You enjoy provoking people, don’t you? Why must—”
“Wait, I want to bask in your praise for a minute.”
“I’m sure your facts, findings, and inferences are beyond reproach, but the way you put things, it subjects the report and the author to denunciation, if not derision. You undermine what you’re trying to achieve. Levity has its place, but not in—”
“Dr. Taylor,” he interrupted. “Are you here to shoot me?”
“The committee is desperate. They begged me to talk to you even though I knew it would do no good, so to keep my word to them, I’ll just ask before I go, can you please just work on some of the wording to make it less confrontational?”
“That’s rather brusque of you. Let me respond in kind: No.”
“Thank you for your time, Dr. Owens. Goodbye.”
“You made a mistake, Dr. Taylor,” he said as she turned to leave.
“Obviously. I know how stubborn you can be, yet I came against my better judgment.”
“No—well, yes, I am stubborn—but I mean your mistake was getting involved in this fiasco. You need to distance yourself from it. This system will fail, Kristen. I needed to make that crystal clear, hence the strong language. They’ll be looking for scapegoats. Don’t get caught in the mess.”
“This system is very important to my center. It’s critical that it work properly for the children’s sake. You pointed out fatal flaws, and I want the committee to take them seriously. If you’d just be more diplomatic—”
“You don’t get it. You’re brilliant, I know, but you’ve never really understood the dark side of man’s nature. The report spells out plainly what the problems are and makes dozens of suggestions for improvement, but those are band aids for a cadaver. I’ve made a rock solid case for starting over. The committee just has to have the gumption to go with it. But they won’t because they’re worried about their reputations, which I gather are worth more than four million dollars.
“What a defective system means for the university or the important work your center will do, they care much less about. They even worry more about the feelings of the poor embarrassed consultants and the lawsuit they’re threatening. What chutzpah, to sell such garbage for the moon, then turn around and threaten to sue a disgruntled customer. They won’t sue because they built a terrible system and I’ve proven it; they wouldn’t dare risk the publicity. But, again, the committee lacks the courage to face them.
“What they actually want is for me to either withdraw my report or to whitewash it. It’s not going to happen, because whether you believe it or not, Kristen, I have integrity and I value it. I always tell the truth.”
“Of course I believe that, but where does that leave the center?”
“In a quagmire created by incompetence.”
“Is there anything you can do?”
“Other than designing a new system, no,” he said, as he sat in his rickety chair with his arms folded.
“Are you offering to do that? Can I take that to the committee?”
“Darkness, Kristen. It’s all around you, but you’re incapable of seeing it. They cannot abandon what they’ve built; their reputations and jobs depend on it. If you pass along my offer, they’ll say I had an interest in trashing their system, which will give them the excuse they need to trash the report and me. On the other hand, I don’t want sick kids in jeopardy because of this. I’ll leave it up to you, but you have to back me on this.”
“You’re so cynical.”
“And you’re so naïve.”
She left.
Kristen raised the quandary with Mark. He asked to read the report. The next day he came back shaking his head. “This guy has no political instincts at all,” he opined. “No wonder everyone got their backs up. I’d have reacted the same if he were attacking me.”
“But he’s saying the system is doomed.”
“All these high-paid computer experts are wrong, and this one guy is right? Come on. Sure there are problems, but are they really unfixable? Owens is just trying to get some attention, probably from you.” Mark had noticed a definite change in Kristen since this Owens had shown up: she seemed distracted and dour. He didn’t know how to construe that, but worried about what it might imply for their relationship.
“Now you’re being cynical.”
“Think about it, Kristen. He writes this report full of sensational aspersions, and they send over the one person who knows him. It was predictable.”
“He has no feelings left for me, and I have none for him,” she maintained. “In fact, he makes me really uncomfortable. I dreaded going to see him. So, what should I do? I trust your advice.”
“Hire an expert without an axe to grind or a woman to impress and throw away the Owens report.”
“He said he could entirely redesign the system for a fraction of the cost.”
“Oh, there we have it. He wants the money for himself. Brilliant. Lambaste the system and offer to be the white knight and fix it for just pennies on the dollar. What a huckster. Don’t trust him.”
“He said people would react like that, but he left it up to me whether to take the committee that offer.”
“This guy’s good. He can personally save your computer system if you only ask. He’ll be your hero. And he knows the committee will only consider it if you ask. He’s playing you for a sucker. I think you should take his offer to the committee, but under no circumstances recommend it. Just be non-committal, and leave it up to the committee.”
Kristen went back to the committee with the offer. As Mark suggested, she told them of Robert’s offer without giving her opinion on its merits. The committee immediately seized on it as a pretext for officially condemning the Owens report. They sent a memo to the sponsor accusing Dr. Owens of a flagrant conflict of interest, and said they had no choice but to hire another consultant to evaluate the system.
They managed to find another thirty thousand dollars for the task from money unused by the computer system design firms. A former employee of the lead consulting firm that designed the system was hired. He’d left on good terms to start his own consulting business. This gave the committee assurances he wouldn’t be biased against the system. In the meantime, the firm used many of the suggestions in the Owens report to patch up the system. Four weeks later, the new evaluator delivered a positive report that recommended the committee immediately implement the system. They did so.
Kristen, worried about what Robert’s reaction would be, studiously avoided him. She felt as if she’d betrayed him by not endorsing his report and his offer to redesign the system. He’d predicted the committee’s response precisely, she knew. Robert got indignant at the committee’s letter, but as he’d fully expected the outcome, he quickly put it behind him.
The computer system unveiling went off without a hitch, and everyone on the committee and at the center heaved a sigh of relief. Mark gloated. Kristen was relieved, but not so ready to dismiss Robert’s prognostications of inevitable failure.
One didn’t need to be an expert to make this prediction. Just common sense, unfortunately not so common in our world, would lead one to the same forecast. The system was extraordinarily overcomplicated. It didn’t take long before it began crashing time after time. The consultants spent weeks ironing out bugs and trying to keep it afloat. Staff threw their hands up in frustration with its complexity and unreliability. They started complaining vociferously to management. They boycotted the intensive and difficult training sessions. Just five weeks after it had been implemented, it had to be withdrawn from service for “tweaking.”
This left the center without any computer support whatever, which put patient health at risk. The panicky committee dispatched Kristen to prevail upon the computer sciences department to work out a quick stopgap, as long as that troublesome Owens wasn’t involved. She went to the dean to ask for help. He empathized, but said he was short-staffed as it was, and no one could take it on. She asked him for any suggestions he might have for expert help.
He said, “I can’t think of anyone more qualified than Dr. Owens. He’s a brilliant programmer. But, with the way your committee treated him, I’d be surprised if he said yes.”
“I’m doing this for the children,” she told herself as she went to his office. Through his half-open door, she saw a cute young woman gazing toward Robert. From Kristen’s vantage point, she could only hear him.
Robert said, “I love you so much!” The young woman smiled. He proceeded, “I’ll pick you up Friday night at seven.” The young lady said okay. For a reason she couldn’t comprehend, Kristen got so upset, she turned and left.
That afternoon there was an incident at the center with a child getting the wrong medication. He would have died but for the efforts of Kristen. That was the final straw. She marched back to Robert’s office, but he wasn’t there, so she went to the dean to ask for his address, then went to his apartment. He answered the knock and gave a surprised look.
“Are you with someone?” she asked.
“A beautiful girl,” he said to see how she’d react. She showed little emotion. Disappointed, Robert asked her in and introduced her to the girl. “Kristen Taylor, this is Kara Owens, my daughter.” Kristen smiled and said hi. Kara tugged on his pants and asked for a cookie. “I already said after dinner. Now go to your room and play, or Daddy’ll wipe the floor with you.” Having heard this empty threat before, she smiled and sauntered off.
“She’s the spitting image of Jenny,” said Kristen.
“Yeah, but she’s exactly like me, poor girl. I can guess why you’re here. I hear your system went back to the shop for some fine-tuning with a crowbar. A real shocker there,” he commented with a wry smile.
“Gloat all you want; you deserve to. Believe it or not, I’m here to ask for your help. We have no working computers and no way to find out any patient history or what we’ve done for them—or anything else! It could be disastrous. Today a little boy almost died because someone gave him the wrong medication. Mistakes like that can be expected when our paperless information system is down. So I’m swallowing every bit of pride I have left to beg you to help us.”
“Bail out the committee who did their best to ruin my reputation so they can save their own sorry hides? I’m sorry, Kristen, but my answer is no.”
“Please, Bob. These are the same kinds of kids you and I used to visit on Sunday afternoons. You know how heartbreaking that can be. The Bob I knew would do anything to help them. What happened to him?”
“He’s standing here before you. But what happens if I rescue all the incompetents who had a hand in this? They get away with putting sick children at risk and will be around to do it again. They get away with wasting four million dollars of taxpayers’ money that could’ve been used to help these children. They get away with smearing me. And, in the end, they still can’t abandon the white elephant they’ve created. That system will come back.”
“I can’t care about any of that right now. Children are at risk as we speak.”
“Then I guess you should’ve used your influence to back me and force them to deal with the problems I raised rather than look the other way as they swept it all under the carpet.”
“I trusted … never mind.”
“You trusted idiots instead of me, and now you’re paying for it. Guess what? I know what I’m doing. And I don’t have any ulterior motives. I never wanted the job of fixing your system. I offered because of … the sick kids. But it turned out that you showed more faith in the committee, or the consultants, or whoever you ended up siding with, than me. If they’re the goddamn experts, ask them to bail you out!”
She took a deep breath, said, “Sorry to have disturbed you,” and turned to leave, but halted and appended, “Tell me, do you have any respect at all for me?”
“Of course I do; I respect you more than anyone on the planet.”
“Then you must despise everyone else. You were standing there yelling at me.”
“I’m sorry. It’s just … I’m mad because you sided against me.”
“I didn’t side against you, but I didn’t take your side either, and for that I’m sorry. But in your eagerness to put me in my place, you’re consigning sick children to a terrible place.”
“Don’t put that on me; that’s not my fault.”
“Not the original sin, no, but your incendiary report made matters worse. You can’t just steamroll your way through life. Your genius does not give you license to abuse people. You have to consider people’s feelings and allow for their weaknesses. You say I’m naïve. Do you actually believe people will listen to you if you belittle and ridicule them?”
Robert lowered his head and murmured, “I guess not.”
“So then, you have to admit you share some of the blame for this situation.” He nodded. “Then help me.”
He looked at her contritely and said, “I’ll design you a new system, but I need to clear something off my desk first. Then I’ll need to talk to you, Miriam, and anyone else you think I should hear from to learn what you need the system to do. Can I come to the Center tomorrow morning to get started?”
She smiled and said, “How about eight AM?” He nodded. She thanked him, then left.
*
The next morning, Kristen was in the middle of thanking him for coming when the chairman of the committee showed up. The chairman told him to leave. Robert looked over to Kristen, who was fuming.
She exclaimed to the chairman, “If you spoil the one chance we have of fixing this mess, I swear to God, I will quit!”
“Kristen, no!” yelped Miriam.
“I have offers from San Diego to Halifax. I am not putting up with this situation any longer. Either you leave right now,” she said, pointing to the chairman, “or I’ll resign—effective immediately!” The abashed man stood and left the room. “Now, Dr. Owens, please tell us what you can do for us, and how we can help you,” she resumed.
“I can devise a basic, working system by the end of next week.”
“Pardon me,” interrupted Miriam, “but how is that possible?”
“It’s possible because top software companies have spent much more than four million dollars creating good database programs that can be bought off the shelf for a song. They are designed to do exactly what you need, albeit at a more basic level than your four million-dollar clunker. All I need to do is adapt it to meet your needs.” Kristen seemed dubious, so Robert looked at her and said, “It’ll give you everything you need and will be perfectly reliable. I give you my word.” Her eyes told him she had misgivings. Determined to overcome them, he continued, “Just trust me, Krissy.”
She darted her eyes to his to deliver the message, “Don’t call me that,” and hurried them back to the floor.
He could see now that earning her trust back was not going to be easy. And that was only the first step in earning back her love. Was it even possible?
He turned back to Miriam and said, “What I need from you is information on your most essential needs for managing patients and running the center, and a copy of the most recent data set so I can get you back up and running.”
“We can tell you what we need, but the consultants haven’t been able to give us any of our data,” said Miriam.
He laughed. “They can’t get anything out?”
“Apparently not.”
“Did you back up your data?”
“At the end of every day.”
“What happened to the backups?”
“They have them.”
“Wait,” said Kristen. “I never sent them the last one we did because I didn’t want to hand over everything to them.”
“Good, give me that. I’ll get what I need from it.”
“What will this cost?” said Miriam.
“The center is wired already, and you have ample monitors, right?” They nodded. “We’ll need a server and a software license. That’ll be several thousand dollars. As for my fee, just pay me the five thousand you owe me.”
“I sincerely apologize for that, Dr. Owens.”
“Forget it. Okay, let’s start.”
They spent all morning specifying what they wanted from a basic system and answering his questions. At the end of the session, he set up a meeting for Friday afternoon the following week and got the backup from Kristen.
As he was leaving, she said, “Thank you, Bob. I’m grateful.”
He left, happy that he found a way back into her good books. The next several days, he worked hard to program the database, doing most of the work at home so he could be with Kara. He went to the center a few times—not because he needed to, but to see if he could work with Kristen. But she was always busy.
From what he observed, he could tell how good Kristen was as a physician, researcher, teacher, and administrator: being hugged by an emotional mother whose child she’d saved; advising a fellow on the next step to take for his research project; escorting medical students through rounds, asking questions and correcting their mistakes with courtesy; escorting important public officials through the new center to assure them their investment was in good hands; being in constant demand by patients and their parents, students, residents, fellow physicians, nurses, and administrators.
If that sounds like a lot to observe by chance, it was. Robert set up his main workstation just across from Kristen’s office and arranged his time to observe her whenever possible.
One afternoon, for example, he saw on the posted schedule that Kristen was to carry out a procedure in operating room 1 at 2 PM. He just happened to be in the observation room setting up a terminal at that time. A twelve-year-old girl, a pediatric oncology resident, and Dr. Taylor walked into the room at the appointed hour.
Kristen told her patient, “Lie down on your stomach on this table.” Kristen undid her gown. “Now Dr. Moore will clean the area with soap.” She sat next to the patient so she could hold her hand and look into her eyes. “Now you’ll feel a little sting, just a needle to deaden the pain.” Addressing the resident she pointed to the pelvic bone, about four centimeters from the spine at the top of the girl’s buttocks and directed, “There. Over just a smidge.”
The resident injected the local anesthetic. While waiting for the anesthetic to take effect, Kristen carried on a conversation with her patient. Then she said, “Now, as I warned you, this will hurt despite the anesthetic. Are you ready to be a brave girl?” The frightened girl nodded.
The resident made a small cut where Kristen pointed through which to insert the broad needle. Then he inserted the needle. As it penetrated the bone, the young girl’s face contorted in pain; she squeezed her eyes shut. “Hold as still as possible. Squeeze my arm if it helps,” said Kristen. To the resident she said, “Twist the handle now as I showed you.”
The girl started crying, so Kristen diverted her attention by observing, “It’s so wonderful that your brother’s bone marrow is a match for yours. I bet you never thought a brother would come in so handy, did you? We just need to be absolutely sure where your leukemia stands before we use his special gift to cure you.” The girl began to cry hard as the resident drew out the liquid marrow. “It’s okay to cry,” Kristen said. The girl shrieked. “You’re doing fine. I’m proud of you.”
“Uh, Dr. Taylor,” said the resident. “I’m having a little trouble …”
Kristen stood to see what the problem might be. “Don’t worry,” she reassured the patient, “everything’s okay.” Addressing the resident, she said, “You’re doing fine. Push the needle a little deeper into the bone marrow to get a small piece of bone as we discussed.” The girl screamed in pain. “Almost done,” she said as she assisted the resident. “All right, we’re done,” she declared as the needle was removed. “Keep pressure on the site for a few minutes, then apply the dressing,” she instructed her trainee. “Excellent work, Doctor.”
She sat back down to comfort her patient, stroking her hair and saying, “Wait’ll I tell your mom and dad how brave you were. From now on, you’ll get better, and soon you can go back to worrying about boys and homework.” The girl smiled through her tears.
Robert sat there in awe of Kristen.
Despite how obvious it was what a gifted woman this was, to Robert, who knew her so well, there was something amiss. Her extraordinary competence and confidence were still there, evident to everyone. But where were those radiant eyes, that brilliant smile, that irresistible feminine charm that evinced her unparalleled inner beauty? Like everyone else, Robert admired the person she still was, but that wasn’t the person he fell in love with. Where was his Krissy?
Whenever she did find a few minutes to spare with Robert, she related to him merely on a professional level. She seemed remote yet somehow sad. She felt the same about his demeanor. Neither could penetrate the other’s façade. Kristen could not, or dared not, even penetrate her own. He saw her again with Mark—the two kissed and held hands—which was a real comedown. She seemed to be happy with Mark, as happy as she got anymore, at least. Robert began to lose hope. He was merely of use to her now professionally. When the assignment ended, their relationship would be over. But then, did he want a permanent relationship with this Kristen?
It was in this frame of mind he delivered the working database to the center the next Friday. They spent the afternoon reviewing the system and how to use it. Everything was professional and courteous. Delighted center staff thanked him profusely. Miriam was so happy, she invited him to join the group at a local pub they liked to go to on Friday evenings. Kristen elbowed her when she made the invitation, but it was too late to withdraw it. He accepted. When he left, Miriam asked Kristen what the problem was.
“After what he did for us, we can’t even invite him out for a drink? What is it between you and him? You could cut the tension with a knife.”
“Nothing. Nothing at all. I think I’ll pass tonight anyway; I’m exhausted.”
“So there is something, isn’t there?”
“I used to know him, as I told you before, but it ended badly, and I haven’t looked back since.”
“If he means nothing to you now, you should have no objections to accompanying us tonight. We owe him a debt of gratitude. If you don’t show up, we’ll look ungrateful.”
She acquiesced, but decided to invite Mark along, too. That would have the double advantage of communicating to Robert that she was over him and demonstrating the same to herself.

Chapter Eight

Big Mouth at the Pub

A small group from the center showed up at the pub at around seven that evening: Kristen, Miriam, Mark, a physical therapist, and a nurse. Two doctors, whom Kristen detested, joined them at their table.
The irascible pair worked in the children’s hospital. Several weeks earlier, a worried father had shown up at Kristen’s office with his young teenage daughter. He’d had no referral because the irritable woman, Dr. McDermott, had dismissed his concerns about the lump on his daughter’s neck saying, “Maybe you don’t trust me because I’m a woman, but I’ve been a doctor for seventeen years and know much more than you on the matter.” Kristen took one look at the girl—the lump, her drooping eyelids and swollen eyes—and suspected rhabdomyosarcoma. She immediately scheduled her for tests, which later confirmed her suspicion.
Kristen took the liberty of perusing Dr. McDermott’s computerized patient files and identified four more possible cases of childhood cancer. She asked the parents to bring the children in for another checkup. One child turned out to have bone cancer.
Kristen took the matter to Miriam, who told Dr. McDermott’s director the news, and suggested a morning refresher course to be delivered by Kristen on childhood cancer diagnosis. The director readily agreed and made it mandatory for all doctors and residents without advanced training in pediatric oncology. All found the session valuable—except for Dr. McDermott, who knew a young upstart had nothing to teach her, and the irascible man, a doctor from Pakistan, who knew a woman had nothing to teach him. Those two kept challenging her, pointing to her inexperience. She handled the challenges with poise, but came to abominate the two.
By seven-thirty, Robert still hadn’t shown. Kristen kept glancing at the door. She’d been uneasy about the prospect of him being there. Now she was agitated about the possibility of him not being there.
Miriam kept her eye on her protégé, eager to see how she would behave. She was curious about their past and suspected Kristen had been in love with Robert.
Kristen’s discomfort became more evident with each passing minute. By eight o’clock, she was staring at the door with gloomy eyes, like a worried bride awaiting her tardy groom. Finally at 8:06, he arrived. Though her back was to the door, Miriam could tell the second Robert appeared, for Kristen’s eyes widened and brightened, her lips parted, and she became more animated.
As he stepped up to the table, she moistened her lips, twirled her hair, and stroked the stem of her glass—all unconsciously—but she turned her head away from him as soon as he looked at her and switched her gaze to Mark. Miriam welcomed him, introduced him to those he hadn’t yet met at the table, and invited him to sit in the vacant chair next to Mark.
Kristen said with a half sneer, “You came alone? Your girl too young to take to a pub?”
“Yeah, I tried to fake her ID, but I couldn’t quite make her look nineteen,” he said.
The group was in the midst of a conversation about the health sciences softball team. The physical therapist, who was coach and shortstop, was asking Mark whether he might be interested. The therapist, as a means of overcoming a stuttering problem, continually substituted some pet phrases for aborted syllables. He’d begin every statement with an inhaled “Uh,” after which came one or more repetitions of “you know,” depending on how excited he was. He’d typically finish with, “I’m telling you,” going higher with every syllable, and ending in a falsetto. It was always comical on the softball diamond to hear him scream to the person with the ball, “Uh, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, throw it to third, I’m telling you!” Meanwhile, the guy had run home.
“Uh, you know, you know each campus team can have one outsider, I’m telling you,” said the physical therapist. “Uh, you know, can you play softball well?”
“Well, I don’t like to brag, but I’m a good athlete,” said Mark. “I made junior B in hockey, and I was a star hitter in baseball growing up. I’ve not played softball too much, though.”
“Uh, you know, you know, would you be interested in playing, I’m telling you?”
“Maybe. It depends on my schedule in the spring. I’ll let you know.”
“Uh, you know, okay, I’m telling you. Uh, you know, you know if Mark can’t, what about you, uh—”
“Bob,” said Robert. “No, thanks.”
“Why not?” asked Kristen. Addressing the table, she explained, “Bob’s just being modest. He was a pitcher for the Minnesota Twins.”
“Really?” said Mark. “That’s great, Bob. I’m sure the health team would love to have you.”
“Sorry. I don’t want to play.”
“Why not?” Kristen asked again.
“For the same reason you wouldn’t moonlight as a nurse’s assistant at Maria’s Kiddy Lodge,” he said. She understood, but thought his response was rude. She leaned toward Mark who put his arm around her shoulders.
The first half-hour was otherwise cordial, except when Dr. McDermott started carping about Americans. Robert let it go, and Kristen changed the subject. Mark got the group laughing a few times. Robert tried but failed. He never could force humor; it was either there or it wasn’t. Tonight it wasn’t, just when he needed it.
There was one fleeting moment when Kristen and Robert finally locked eyes and connected. Both were a little drunk and let their guards down. What their lips dared not reveal, their eyes could not conceal. He cast at her a sad, longing look that sought to communicate, Krissy, for God’s sake, what are we doing to each other? I love you! You said you’d always love me. If that’s true what are you doing in another man’s arms?
Looking inexpressibly sad, her eyes replied, Mark makes me happy, and I won’t take the chance of ruining my relationship with him for a man who has demolished my heart time and time again. I’m sorry. But, God help me, I still lo…
At this point Mark leaned forward and came between them, breaking the spell. Miriam noticed the intense nonverbal exchange and knew at once they were deeply in love.
Robert asked Mark what he did for a living and felt threatened by the answer. “That’s really impressive at such a young age,” Robert said, “and good luck in the next election.”
Mark responded, “Thank you. You make your living as a lecturer in computer science?”
“That, and consulting.”
“Kristen mentioned you ought to be a professor. No professorships available anywhere?”
“Not at the top places, for white men at least. I prefer the part-time role anyway, with my little girl to look after, and I like consulting more than all the baggage that comes with being a professor.”
Dr. McDermott, an ardent feminist, took issue with his “white men” remark. “So you’re saying employment equity, what you Yanks call affirmative action, made it impossible for you to be a professor? Most professors are white males, especially in your department, so how can you say that?”
“Not one professor hired by the department in the last few years is a white man. Computer science departments all over North America are teeming with deadwood, most of whom are white males. Each time one of them finally retires, the departments are pressured by all the busybodies who make their living harassing others to make the world as they see fit and ensure that every little nook reflects society at large, so women and minorities are lured with big promises—immediate tenure, teach only one class, and so on—while white men go begging for work. How good you are is of lesser import.”
“I am knowing many many young, vhite men who are being professors here,” piped up the Pakistani doctor. “Maybe you are blaming society for your personal failure to get a position.”
“And maybe you owe yours to affirmative action.”
“How dare you qvestion my competence, sir!”
“Affirmative action gives me leeway to do that. Our society goes out of its way to put incompetent people in important places under the flag of affirmative action. How do I know you’re not one of them?”
“I am not being pleased at your tone, sir. Maybe it is being a veakness of mine, but I am getting almost wiolent when people are showing me impertinence.”
“Oh? Maybe you should see someone about that,” Robert returned.
“Bob,” said Kristen, “don’t be—”
“Don’t be who? Me? I am me. Who the hell are you?”
“What is that supposed to mean?” Kristen shot back.
He lowered his eyes. Seeing Kristen with this handsome man tonight had been most disheartening, but as Mark continued to impress the assembled and as he continued to do the opposite, the state of affairs was becoming provoking.
“So you’re saying that all women and minorities are incompetent?” challenged Doctor McDermott.
“Not at all,” said Robert. Fixing his eyes on Kristen, he said, “I know a woman who puts every man I’ve ever met to shame.” Turning back to Dr. McDermott, he continued, “I’m saying hiring decisions should be made with no reference to group.”
“You say that because you’re a white male, but you can’t justify it,” said the doctor.
“Common sense justifies it. No one group of people is better than any other, but individuals have different levels of merit. That’s obvious, right?”
“Wrong,” said Mark. “I believe everyone’s born equal; only society’s inequalities render people unequal.”
“What you believe is irrelevant. Belief cannot trump reality. People are not born equal. Society does not make some people tall and others short; some pretty, others ugly; some brilliant, others moronic. Nature does this all by itself. It may be unfair, but that’s reality, and no government program will ever change that. People should succeed because of personal merit not because of what group they belong to.” Looking at Kristen again, he concluded, “It’s simple: just pick the best person, period.”
But Mark would have none of this. He opined, “Without affirmative action, the domination by white males would be even worse than it remains today. It has given women, minorities, aboriginals, and the disabled a chance to compete on an equal footing with white men.”
“That’s just it. The competition is not equal. To make up for past discrimination, it’s now weighted against white, able-bodied men. You seem to think in terms of body types. The least bigoted people don’t give that any consideration. They merely consider excellence. And, by the way, are aboriginals not minorities? Are they accorded a more special status still than other minority groups? Are we to rank body types now and slot them into a prescribed order as new positions open up? We have here a brain surgeon position. Anybody from the reserve want it? No? Anyone else with colorful pigment in their skins? No? Anyone who can’t walk? No? Anyone with boobs?”
Kristen cast her eyes upwards. Miriam tittered to herself.
Doctor McDermott declared, “Oh, my God. You’re unbelievably crass.”
“Natives are the aboriginal owners of the land, which we out and out stole from them,” proclaimed Mark. “It’s the opposite of what you contend. We haven’t ranked them first, we’ve put them last. We’ve shown our contempt for them by sequestering them on desolate reserves. Even when it comes down to the nicknames we choose for sports teams, we show our disrespect. It’s so degrading to the aboriginals that white man names his teams the Atlanta Braves, the Cleveland Indians, and—this is the worst one—the Washington Red Skins.”
“We stole their land; I love that. Ever since we jumped down from the trees, man’s been stealing other man’s land. Natives were continually stealing each other’s land before paleface got here. Land-stealing is still going on today all over the world. Why aren’t you up in arms about that? Instead, you’re sitting here moaning about irrelevancies like the nicknames of sports teams, when there are serious problems facing us. I’d love to see how starving Africans would react when you tell them with your contrived indignation, ‘Okay, sure, you can’t feed yourself, and four of your kids just died from starvation and two more were abducted by the rebel army, but dammit, Washington has some nerve calling their team the Red Skins.’ Because Europeans came over here centuries ago and did what Homo sapiens and every other species have always done—displaced weaker inhabitants—I’m supposed to feel guilty today? What they did to natives was deplorable, but the idea that we have to pay for eternity for centuries-old crimes is ridiculous.”
“If we have the will and the means of redressing an obvious wrong, shouldn’t a civilized society do so?” challenged Mark.
“And your liberal means consists of providing for their every need forever?”
“Every need!” rejoined a now exercised Mark. “We give them next to nothing. What we do give them is required by treaties that we signed, no more. They’re desperately poor.”
“We provide them with what they need—a basic living—and, like all human beings who don’t have to provide that for themselves, they get shiftless and bored, so unemployment, alcoholism, and suicide become rampant. All perfectly predictable human responses to misguided policies.”
“I don’t believe you associate with this cretin,” remarked Dr. McDermott to Kristen.
Mark said, “Touché.”
“Please, let’s keep this civil,” implored Kristen.
Robert said, “Look at you, with your self-appointed outrage on behalf of somebody else. There’s a good herd of liberals. Your blithe assumption that you have monopoly on morality, is not only pompous, it’s insulting. It’s just politically-correct bullshit that makes you feel good about your humanity without doing anything for humanity.”
This exchange, of course, made things worse, with denunciations, insults, and “you know”s. Kristen stepped in and yelled, “Okay! Let’s not ruin the evening. Please everyone, settle down. Surely we’re open-minded enough to hear viewpoints different from our own without resorting to personal attacks. Now, let’s change the subject.”
“And what have you done for humanity?” Mark asked Robert, thinking there could be nothing from this fascist.
“You first,” said Robert, who had no idea of Mark’s valiance in rescuing the two children. Mark modestly waited until someone else brought it up. The nurse exhorted him to regale them about his heroics. That would put this cad Owens in his place. Mark did as she insisted, proudly detailing the daring deed. Kristen smiled throughout, noted Robert. He said nothing until Mark finished and the others had lauded him for his feat.
Robert said, “It’s terrific what you did. It must make you feel proud.”
“Yes, as a matter of fact, it does,” confirmed Mark.
“I see what looks like a burn injury on your right hand. Is that from the fire?” said the nurse.
“Yes,” Mark answered, “it’s a little gross-looking, but Kristen calls it my badge of courage.”
“So, Bob, tell us about your badge of courage,” taunted the nurse.
“My badge of courage?” he responded as his eyes migrated from the nurse to Kristen. “Nothing anyone can see: general aches and pains, arthritis in my fingers, loss of some vision in my right eye, a never-ending ringing in my ears, a slightly damaged heart that could shorten my life …” Kristen was so disconcerted, her mouth opened wide, her nose began to run, and her eyes filled with tears. Miriam looked on in amazement. Robert went on, “And I’ve lost any patience for all the pettiness that most people obsess about, like badges of courage.”
As tears rolled down Kristen’s cheeks, the physical therapist said to Robert, “Uh, you know, you know, I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about, I’m telling you.”
At the same time, Mark asked Kristen, “What’s the matter?”
She couldn’t say anything just yet, so Miriam helped her out. “Kristen you’re exhausted, emotionally and physically.” She looked at the others and explained that, “She came in to work at 2:45 this morning to be there for a terminal patient and her family. You should go home, Kristen.”
Robert felt bad about trying to make Kristen feel guilty over his trivial ailments when she’d been there to help with something truly consequential: the death of a child. He tried to apologize with a remorseful look.
She recovered her equanimity enough to reply, “I am tired, but I want to stay a little while longer. I’ll be okay. Thanks, Miriam.”
Not wanting to let Robert off the hook, Mark said, “Okay, Bob, it’s your turn. Never mind petty badges of courage. Tell us what makes you feel most special about yourself.”
“Being a pitcher for the Twins made me proudest.”
Kristen, contrasting preventing a base hit with preventing smallpox, snapped, “That’s what you’re most proud of?”
That transformed his remorse into vexation. “What is it, Taylor? Sports beneath your dignity? I wasted my time throwing a ball when I could’ve been doing something worthy like using my brain?”
Which transformed her remorse into vexation: “I didn’t mean it like that, and you know it. Why are you so churlish tonight? It goes without saying that playing in the major leagues is impressive.”
“I was merely answering the question put to me and wasn’t aware I was supposed to answer it as you saw fit. Sorry if my pride is misplaced.” They sneered at each other.
“I’ve always been a good judge of character, and my bet is he’s never done anything for anybody besides himself,” interjected Dr. McDermott.
His tolerance of this woman’s affronts exhausted, Robert said, “Oh, mind your own business, skank.”
“I’ve never been so insulted in my life!” barked the doctor. “I am a physician, and I deserve respect.”
“You’re right. Mind your own business, Dr. Skank.”
“Of all the nerve! My virtue has never once been questioned.”
“Nor tested, I’m sure, what with that impregnable guard always on duty,” he said, while pointing at her face. Miriam turned her head and chortled into her drink. Signaling the final triumph of the beer over his good sense, he went on, “I didn’t mean to imply you’re a loose woman. Believe me, you’re in no danger of ceding your title to chastity. I meant it in the sense that you’re a low-class, miserable bitch.”
She picked up an empty glass from the table and reared back to hurl it at Robert. It was hard to say whether Kristen’s scream or Mark’s commanding “Don’t!” figured uppermost in her decision to forbear her rash design, but as the physical therapist uttered a string of “you know,” Dr. McDermott put down the glass, said, “I refuse to sit here and be vilified by this, this trailer trash. Good night!” and departed in a pique. Her Pakistani colleague, shaking his head and smirking at the boor, joined her.
Kristen, relieved he came to no harm and pleased that he’d taken the vile woman down a peg, was nevertheless upset at his puerile behavior. She glared at Robert to communicate her displeasure. Robert thought, Things are going horribly for me tonight. I better leave before … Hold on a minute!
A pretty woman strolled up to their table and greeted Kristen. “Hi, Professor Taylor. I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed your class yesterday. You’re an inspiration to me.” Brittany was a second year medical student taking Kristen’s class in pediatric oncology.
“Thank you, Brittany,” replied Kristen with a smile. Kristen was about to invite her to sit, but she saw Robert ogling her. Miriam sniggered as Kristen did a double take in catching Robert eyeing Brittany.
“I’ve been sitting over there with my friend, but she had to leave,” said Brittany, hoping for an invitation to join them. Brittany looked at Mark and thought, Hm!, but saw he was with Kristen. She glossed over the homely physical therapist, then looked at Robert and thought, That’ll do, too.
Brittany’s sweet smiles at Mark and Robert caught Kristen’s attention, which caught Miriam’s attention. This should be fun, she mused. “Why don’t you join us?” encouraged the always polite Miriam.
Robert pulled out the chair next to him that had been vacated by the Pakistani doctor. Kristen then did the same with the other vacant chair to her left and said, “Sit here.” There Brittany sat. Kristen introduced her as one of her best students and said, “This is Mark Loftus, my close friend. Have you heard of him?”
“No,” said Brittany.
“He’s the police chief who saved those children from the house fire. He’s also a member of Mensa, and will be the Liberal candidate in the next federal election. He’s an amazing man,” she noted with a glance at Robert.
“Very nice to meet you,” said Brittany with a vivid smile. They shook hands.
“And I think you know my boss, mentor, and best friend, Miriam Blalock. She’s a magnificent physician and teacher. We’re so lucky to have her.” The two women nodded. Kristen then introduced the nurse and the physical therapist, complimenting their skills, and when it came to Robert she said parenthetically, “And this is Bob Owens, the computer technician who installed our makeshift system at the center.” It was all Miriam could do to avoid bursting out laughing.
Brittany smiled politely at Robert, but turned her attention to Mark. So far, Kristen seemed to be unconcerned with Brittany’s evident interest in Mark, which in itself was curious. Most women would consider Brittany on the prowl as serious competition. Miriam, who was a keen observer of the human animal and an experimenter by nature, decided to see what would happen if Brittany was given more information on Robert.
During a brief lull in the three-way conversation between Brittany, Kristen and Mark on medical internships, she interjected, “Dr. Owens, does Berkeley have a medical school?”
“No,” Robert said.
“Are you a professor here, Dr. Owens?” asked Brittany with rekindled interest.
“I teach here, yes,” he said.
“As a lecturer,” Kristen pointed out.
“Bob has a colorful past,” said Miriam. “We learned tonight he pitched in the major leagues. What team was it?”
“The Minnesota Twins.”
“Really?” said Brittany. “And your wife lets you out alone with all these impressive women?”
“I’m single.”
“Divorced, actually,” clarified Kristen.
“So you’re on your own now?” Brittany said.
“Yes,” Robert said.
“Except for his two children,” explicated Kristen. Miriam snickered to herself.
“You have custody?” asked Brittany.
“Of my daughter, yes, but my son stays with me on weekends.”
“You split up your children?” Brittany said.
“Two different mothers,” elucidated Kristen. Miriam had to cough to cover up her guffaws. Brittany’s interest waned, and she turned back toward Kristen and Mark.
Seeing this, Robert said, “Well, Taylor, since you’re doing all my talking, aren’t you going to tell her who I was married to?”
“My cousin, Jenny.”
“Jennifer Taylor, that is,” clarified Robert.
“The Jennifer Taylor?” said Brittany.
“Yes,” Robert answered. “Her gorgeous, famous, rich cousin. They don’t have much in common.”
“Neither do you, apparently, since the marriage lasted only three months,” Kristen rejoined.
“J.Tay is your cousin?” Brittany asked Kristen. Kristen nodded. “Wow.” Brittany turned to Robert and said, “What happened? Did she get famous and leave you?”
“No, I left her,” he said.
“After he got her pregnant,” Kristen added.
“Oh, my God. You’re the one!” said Brittany. “The deadbeat baseball player who left Jennifer Taylor and her baby. I remember you now. I was so embarrassed that you were from London.” Kristen smiled, Robert frowned, and Miriam marveled at the interaction between the two.
With his patience overdrawn, Robert said, “Not that I care if I embarrass some medical student, but I am now raising that child and I love her dearly.” Looking at Kristen, he added, “And Jenny still loves me and continually begs me to remarry her. I may just do that.” Miriam noticed a brief look of alarm on Kristen’s face before she covered it with a feigned look of neutrality. Then, Robert turned to Mark and warned, “Whatever you do, don’t ask her to marry you, or she’ll drop you like a hot potato.”
Miriam’s eyebrows went up. Oh, the plot gets thicker!
Kristen immediately blushed and opened her mouth and eyes wide. She was so frenzied, she couldn’t speak for a moment. All that came out was, “Oh! … You! … Oh!” as she shook her head rapidly in a rage. Finally she said, “Oh, what a jackass you are!” The others at the table looked on in wonderment. Never had they seen Kristen angry at anyone. Although his remark was insensitive and uncalled for, they couldn’t account for the vehemence of her response.
“God, Krissy, I’m, uh, sor—” Robert stuttered.
“Don’t call me that. Don’t talk to me at all!”
“I … I’m—”
“Shut up! How dare you say that to me! It was you who aban—get out of here and go back to the teenybopper girlfriend you love so much.”
Robert furrowed his brow, but dared not say anything else. He left, distraught. He had vowed to attend to the criticisms she had leveled at him when she was asking for his help with the computer system; he had intended to show people respect, even if he didn’t like their opinions. He’d done a poor job of it, and had alienated her more. I have to change, I have to, or I’ll never get her back, he told himself as he faced a stiff winter headwind on his miserable walk home.
Meantime, Mark and Miriam tried to settle Kristen down. Mark said, “He’s gone now. It’s just your friends. Besides what was obvious from what we heard tonight, can you tell us what he did to you to make you hate him so much?”
Still red and close to tears, she almost blew up at that question, too, but restrained herself.
“Kristen, please calm yourself,” counseled Miriam. “Come with me outside for a few minutes so we can talk,” she suggested. Turning to the others she said, “We’ll be right back.”

Chapter Nine

Things Are Getting Colder

Once outside in the courtyard, Miriam asked, “Are you okay now?” Kristen, who was pacing back and forth to collect herself, nodded. “It’s funny,” Miriam, went on, “Mark asked why you hate Bob so much. I wanted to ask why you love him so much.”
“I do not love that masher! I’m over him completely.”
“I see. I’m curious. Why did you blow up when he talked about proposing?”
“I can’t talk about that without going out of my mind. Oh, what a nerve that man has!” She picked up her pace.
“All right. What was he really saying when he was talking about his aches and pains, and why did it make you so emotional?”
Kristen stopped. “Um, I can’t talk about that, either. It’s very personal.”
“Okay. Then can you tell me why you seemed so concerned when Brittany showed a passing interest in Bob, but not at all when she was salivating over Mark?”
“Mark respects women; Bob figures a woman is just garnish for the vagina,” Kristen replied. Miriam chortled. Kristen went on, “Did you see how the pervert checked her out? He has all the subtlety of a nuclear bomb when he ogles a woman. He stared at her butt like a dog entranced by a steak. He was practically drooling!” she said with rancor. “Part of him probably was. He’s such a pig,” concluded Kristen.
“So Bob was a threat to her?” Kristen nodded. “Not the other way around?” Kristen shook her head. “That’s why you made such an effort to deflate him in Brittany’s eyes?”
“I care for her. I don’t want to see her hurt.”
“I see. Why did you look so panic-stricken when he said he might remarry your cousin?”
“Panic-stricken? You’re mistaken. He can go back to her right now for all I care. The sooner the better, I say.”
“I see.”
“Stop saying that. Let’s go in. It’s cold.”
“Why are you jealous of his girlfriend?”
“I’m nothing of the sort. I saw her in his office, and she couldn’t have been any older than seventeen. He said he loved her! Hypocrite.” Her pacing began anew. “I waited ten years for … He just wants sex, I’m sure. She’ll be history as soon as she …” Kristen ceased her harangue, realizing what it signified.
“Is that what happened? You fell in love, gave him what he wanted, and he left you?”
“No. It was so much more complicated than that. Miriam, I’m sorry, but I can’t discuss this.”
“You still love him, don’t you?”
“No! You’re not doing a very good job making me feel better.”
“Sorry, but you’re not doing a very good job confiding in your best friend.”
“Mr. Impropriety is in my past for good. I love Mark now.” Miriam gave her a who-are-you-trying-to-kid face. Kristen asserted, “I’m not lying to you.”
“If you’re not lying to me, then you’re lying to yourself. Now, don’t get angry with me. I always say what I think, you know that.”
“I spent too many years pining for that frustrating, tactless truant. I finally put him behind me. I met someone who puts him to shame in every way, and I was happy. Then that callous philanderer shows up out of the blue. He lives and works a stone’s throw away from me. All of a sudden, I’m cranky, nervous, and confused. I wish he’d go back to wherever he came from.”
“It does sound like you hate him. I stand corrected. The next time I see you staring at a man—just for a moment, mind you—with the most desirous look a woman has ever cast, I won’t make the same mistake; I’ll know that’s your way of communicating ‘I hate you.’”
“Sarcasm does not become you. Let’s go back in.”
*
Miriam ran into Robert on campus a few days later. They exchanged some small talk, during which she mentioned that she, her husband, Kristen, and Mark would be skating at the outdoor rink in Victoria Park the coming Friday. “You should join us,” she suggested.
“I think that would ruin the evening for everyone.”
“Oh, no. Just watching all the communication that passes between you and Kristen, even if neither of you speaks a word, is marvelous entertainment.”
“You mean when she leers at me to signal, ‘You disgust me!’? I make her miserable.”
“Yes, you do.”
“So, why would you want me to be around her?”
“Because she’s my best friend.”
“I’ll never understand women.”
“You’re not supposed to. That’s part of our charm. Just be there.”
Robert decided to go on Friday, and brought his children along. When Kristen and her friends showed up, there was an unpleasant moment as she blurted out in an unkind tone, “What are you doing here?”
More nonplussed than ever, he glanced at Miriam, who smiled, and stammered to Kristen, “Uh, well, I, um, thought it was open to the public, but if you own the rink and want me off, I’ll be happy to leave.” She smirked and skated away arm in arm with Mark. Both Kristen and Robert wanted to leave, but it was more awkward to leave than to stay at that moment.
Robert, who skated with Kara smiling brightly in his arms while Brian whirled around the rink showing off his athleticism, kept looking at Kristen, but she returned nary a glance. Kristen skated in circles with Mark while he discoursed about a possible federal election in the spring. Brian and Robert played tag, while Kara giggled, for she had to apply the tag.
Miriam observed while skating with her husband, George: “You see that man there with the little girl and boy? I think Kristen is terribly in love with him, but she adamantly refuses to admit it, even to herself. That’s so sad, don’t you think? I just think of myself with someone else whom I’ve settled for, but you’re just beyond me, and I’m too frightened to reach out for you. I’d bet anything Kristen is going through that right now.” Fluffy snowflakes the size of a quarter floated in the air as John Williams’s “Christmas Star,” Kristen’s favorite Christmas song, began. Miriam continued, “Look at her. She’s finally looking at him. Can you see the desperate longing in her gaze?” George shrugged. “Oh, men are blind,” she said.
As soon as the beautiful tune began, Kristen felt chills surge through her. The song brought her closer to heaven, and she instinctively looked for Robert to complete the magical moment. He was skating a little in front of her.
While Mark droned on about the expected election, he faded away along with everyone else in creation save Robert and his children. Kara stuck out her tongue to catch the flakes. Brian skated around them. Kristen yearned so avidly to share their felicity, she saw herself skating with them, holding his arm and leaning her head on his shoulder as he cradled Kara. They were husband and wife starting on their own path. Her face was lit up with her vibrant smile of old that had disappeared when he left her. Then he gave Kara to Brian, who skated ahead to frolic with four other adorable children, hers and Robert’s.
Robert turned to her, embraced her and kissed her passionately as the two spun slowly in the center of the rink. The children encircled them. When the long kiss ended, he said, “I love you, Krissy Owens.” She felt a rush of love so intense that she lost her balance, but someone caught her. Her realization that that someone was Mark snapped her out of her reverie as the song chimed to an end. Jason Snow’s rendition of “O Holy Night” assaulted the skaters, Mark’s incessant chatter returned as they skated in circles, and the Owens trio skated so close yet so far away.
Real life returned and sank her spirit. Water droplets beaded up on her pink cheeks. Was it melted snow or tears?
A few minutes later, Robert skated into a crack in the ice and started falling. Afraid of hurting Kara, who was in his arms, he twisted around quickly and landed so as to protect her from harm. Unfortunately, in doing so, he wrenched his back. “Are you all right, little gal?” he asked Kara. She nodded. Robert blushed in embarrassment in front of Kristen and grimaced in pain as he tried to get up.
Mark witnessed the fall. Kristen had been looking the other way. When she turned her head and saw him on the ice, Mark claimed, “He fell on purpose to get your attention.”
“He looks like he’s in pain. I should check,” she said.
“No, don’t fall for his shenanigans. Just skate right by.” Reluctantly, she did what Mark suggested. Robert looked at her in sorrow after she passed.
Miriam, though, stopped and said, “Are you two okay?”
“Kara is, thank God,” Robert answered, “but I landed awkwardly and hurt my back. I’m having some difficulty getting to my feet.” As Miriam and George helped him up, he groaned and grimaced. George skated with him to the nearest bench, and Miriam carried Kara. His concerned son joined them there. Robert found he couldn’t bend over to sit, so he got down on his knees and turned to sit on the snow to remove his skates. “Brian, I can’t bend over to reach my skates. Untie them and take them off for me, please.” Brian did as asked.
“Where exactly does it hurt?” Miriam asked. Robert pointed to his lower back a little to the left of his spine. Miriam probed there with her hand.
“It only hurts when I move,” he said. Turning to Brian, he said, “Now put my boots on and tie them, okay?”
“I think it’s just a pulled muscle,” the doctor stated. “Take a painkiller when you get home and relax for a few days. Do you need help to get home?”
“No, thank you, we’ll manage. If you could just help me to my feet.” George lifted him up. “Thanks for your help and concern, Miriam and, uh, I’m sorry, I don’t—”
“George,” said George.
“George. I appreciate it,” he said, as he glowered at Kristen, who was skating by, eyes averted. “I don’t know why you invited me. Obviously, she didn’t know I was coming and doesn’t want me here.”
“I invited you because I wanted to see if you’d come, and how she would react to you.”
“Well, you have your answers. She won’t even look at me, let alone help me when I’m hurt,” he remarked lugubriously.
“Yes, I have my answers,” she replied with a smile. “Don’t give up on her.” Robert returned a downhearted look, said goodbye, and left with Brian and Kara. Miriam then skated over to Kristen and asked for a private word with her. Mark joined her husband. Miriam opened, “Why in heaven’s name did you skate by him? He was hurt.”
“Mark thought he was faking it to get my attention. I wanted to help, but—”
“Why would such an impressive woman let a man do her thinking for her? I’m disappointed in you, Kristen,” she chided, as she skated off to rejoin her husband. The upset woman told Mark to take her home.
Three days later was Christmas Eve. Jennifer had earlier committed to visit, but had sent her regrets the day before. There was a live TV appearance she’d agreed to make on New Year’s Eve and rehearsals were scheduled for the week beforehand. It had, by then, been eight months since she’d seen her daughter.
Robert asked Kim if he could have Brian for Christmas Eve. He wanted to make his own little Christmas with both his children. Kim said okay, as long as he had Brian home early Christmas morning. Robert picked up his son that morning, and the three went out to saw down a tree. Then they went to the store and picked out decorations and gifts for each other.
While at the mall, they came across Lisa and Bill. Lisa was cordial. She smiled and said, “Well, hello.” She and Robert shook hands. Bill stood by, aloof. Lisa continued, “Krissy said you had moved back. Hi, Brian. Nice to see you again. And this must be Kara. It’s just like looking at Jenny twenty-five years ago, eh, Bill?” Bill nodded. “This is the first time I’ve ever seen my niece,” she mentioned in a subtle reproach to Robert. “May I hold her?”
Robert said yes, but Kara latched onto his leg. He sat on a bench and invited the Taylors to sit next to them. Lisa sat and kissed Kara, who was sitting on Robert’s lap, on her head. “What a beautiful girl you are,” averred Aunt Lisa.
After an uncomfortable pause, Bill said, “I want to know your intentions toward my daughter.”
“Bill!” reproved Lisa.
“No, Lisa,” Bill retorted. “After he abandoned her and all but demolished her, I have the right to ask.”
“Mr. Taylor, I don’t know what she told you, but she kicked me out.”
“She was angry and had good reason to be. You didn’t give her a chance to calm down. You left in a snit and never returned. I swear she hasn’t been the same since.”
“Bill, please! I’m sorry, Bob,” said Lisa.
“Don’t worry, Mr. Taylor,” returned the irritated young man. “I don’t even know her anymore, and I’m not sure I want to.”
“Look in the mirror for the problem,” said Bill.
Robert turned to his children and said, “Let’s go.”
“God, Bill, that was really ignorant,” reprimanded Lisa after the Owenses left. “You say she’s demolished, and she isn’t the same because of him. What if all she needs to become herself again is him? What if you just wrecked the chances of that? You make me so angry sometimes.” She walked away from him.
The Owens family went home and decorated the tree to Christmas music. Robert spent the rest of the afternoon cooking Christmas supper while the children watched a movie. As the family sat to eat the meal, Robert smiled and thanked a God he didn’t really believe in for granting him such fortune. But in the midst of his joy, he looked at the vacant chair across from him and thought wistfully of Kristen. Empty chairs can be so depressing.
While the children opened their presents that night, he went to his trunk that held treasured keepsakes of his past and present lives. He took out a small box and opened it. There were his mother’s rings that he’d intended for Kristen: the engagement ring she’d given back to him and the wedding ring he never got to give her. Tears blurred his vision. He wiped them quickly and put on a spurious grin before the children saw. He restored the rings to his trunk and drank.
That night, Robert lay awake in bed, thinking of Kristen. The room spun from too much liquor. What happened to this meant-to-be nonsense that she believed so fervently? What happened to the love she claimed she’d always have for me? He wondered if she were in bed with Mark that very moment. He visualized her making love to him and got sick to his stomach. To the toilet he went to vent his anguish. I love her so much. How will I go on if she marries him?
At that moment, Kristen was at the center, working late to help a child through a crisis. She left at 1:35 AM and was back at ten AM Christmas morning for a small party for the children at the center. After the party, she went to her parents’ place.
Mark spent Christmas afternoon at the Taylors’, although it was hardly the Christmas of old. It was just the parents, Kristen and her beau, and Jeremy and Natalie. While Mark and Jeremy were playing pool in the basement, the others enjoyed a drink in the living room. Bill mentioned they’d seen Robert and his children at the mall. Lisa said, “Bill,” in a tone that denoted, “Watch what you say!”
“Oh?” said Kristen, trying to sound detached, but looking ill at ease. “What did you, um, say to each other?”
With the noble intent of protecting his daughter, Bill answered, “I asked what his intentions are toward you.”
“You what?” Kristen cried. That visceral reaction gave Bill pause. Before he could proceed, she said, “God, Dad, that was uncouth, and I must say, none of your business.” Cowed, he put his face in his drink and took a long quaff. After a few moments of fidgeting, she said, “What did he say?”
“Um, that he … he didn’t really answer,” said Lisa.
“What did he say?” she asked insistently and with not a little solicitude in her voice.
Bill said, “That he doesn’t know you anymore and doesn’t really want to.”
“Bill!” said his wife, but it was too late. Kristen had gone pale and numb. She unwittingly lowered her hand that was holding a drink, and dropped the glass and its contents onto the carpet. Tears flooded her eyes, which looked off into space as she processed the awful news. “Krissy?” said her concerned mother. Kristen remained unresponsive, her mouth agape and a glassy look of disbelief in her eyes. She seemed cataleptic, not even blinking. “Krissy, you’re scaring me,” said her mother.
Suddenly, she snapped back to life and said unperturbedly, “Oh, well, I have no interest in him, either. I love Mark.” She got up mechanically and informed the group, “I have to go to the bathroom.”
“That was the cruelest thing you’ve ever done,” Lisa griped to Bill. “I warned you several times, but you just had to stick your nose where it didn’t belong.”
“I won’t see that man shatter my daughter again. I did it for her own good. And I didn’t lie. He did say he’s lost interest in her.”
“And did you see how she reacted? I thought for a minute she was having a breakdown. It’s obvious she’s still desperately in love with Bobby, and your news devastated her. You have no right to destroy her hope. You’ve ruined Christmas! I hope you’re happy.” The distressed woman picked up the empty glass and went to try to console her daughter.
Bill took a longer sip and attempted to act as if everything was fine. Natalie, who had observed the incident uneasily, got up to clean up the spill.
“Krissy? Can I talk to you?” said Lisa as she knocked on the bathroom door. There being no response, Lisa put her ear to the door, but heard nothing. “Please, honey, come out so we can talk.”
“Just give me a few minutes, Mom,” Kristen responded. When Kristen emerged several minutes later there was no indication that there’d been any problem. She asked what she did with her drink. The other three in the room looked at each other.
“I’ll get you another one, honey,” said Lisa. “Then we should talk.”
“About what?” Kristen said. The three looked at each other again. As her mother went to mix another drink, Kristen said, “Never mind, Mom. That drink was just right, but now it’s gone.”
“You don’t want another one?”
“No,” she said with tears once again gathering.
Mark and Jeremy joined them at this point, and Kristen sat next to Mark and snuggled in close, acting as if nothing had happened. Natalie took Jeremy aside and told him what happened.
He whispered to his wife, “She’s loved Owens since high school. She must be really hurting inside.”
Kristen opened her presents, played the piano for some carols, helped with supper preparations, ate, and helped to clean up, all with the same mock smile. Claiming to be exhausted, Kristen left with Mark just after the meal. Natalie and Jeremy, feeling uncomfortable with his parents feuding, left soon thereafter. Lisa left the room, came back with a pillow and a blanket, and threw them at her husband with an antagonistic, “Merry Christmas!” and went to her room for the night.

Chapter Ten

Who’s the Hero?

Kristen inevitably compared any man she met to Robert. For the first time, Robert suffered by comparison. Mark seemed better in every way that was important to her, with one exception: gallantry. How could anyone compare on that score? Robert had played a critical role in saving the lives of millions of people. Mark had saved but two. Yet Mark constantly boasted about his heroics—though only to serve his laudable political aspirations, she thought—whereas Robert never said a thing, never took advantage of his singular achievement. But hold on a minute: maybe there was good reason for that.
Two months into the new year, a veteran CBC reporter broke the human interest story of the year. She’d discovered the identity of the reclusive hero from the smallpox incident in Iraq almost ten years earlier, one Patrick Rocha. Turned out, he somehow knew about the Hendrix/Owens showdown with the tank and told everyone he encountered about the Hendrix/Rocha showdown with the tank. The canard eventually got to the reporter, who reasoned he was a Canadian in the American Army at the time, and he told a convincing story, so it must be him! He was immediately immortalized by a Canadian media needing to fill twenty-four hours with the usual twenty-four minutes of daily news. His ill-favored mug was everywhere for several weeks.
Of course, this confused the few who knew the authentic account—or thought they did. With the imprimatur of the media and a few politicians anxious to associate themselves with him, it seemed indubitable he was legitimate. Some UN inspectors were interviewed for confirmation and, although they said they knew nothing of this Rocha, they conceded they didn’t know what occurred in getting the news out, since they were holed up in the apartment waiting for rescue.
“Was Bob lying all along?” wondered the Taylors. “And if he lied about that, what else has he lied about? Can we trust anything he says?” Kim, too, began to entertain doubts about his rendition of events.
Even Brian said, “Wasn’t it my father who did that?”
Robert, who never wanted anything to do with a feverish media, was incensed, but inclined to let it go. He assumed his confidantes would never question his word about what happened. He was quickly disillusioned. Kim called first and asked him to explain, saying his son wanted the explanation. The question astonished and insulted him.
“I never thought I’d have to defend myself in front of my own son,” he returned loudly.
“I’m sorry, Bob,” said Kim, taken aback. “I know you were there and went through hell, but I have to tell you, no one seems to be questioning this Rocha character’s word.”
“I am, and it pisses me off that you’re questioning mine. You saw what I went through that summer. Wait. My medal. Where’s my medal?”
“What do you mean? What medal?”
“They gave me the Distinguished Service Cross. I left it with Brian.”
“When?”
“When I came to stay with you that summer.”
“You gave it to a two-year-old?”
“I showed it to him and put it in his top drawer. I assumed you would see it.”
“If that little busybody saw you put it in there, it was probably gone a minute after you left the room.”
“Can you check?”
“After, what is it, coming up on ten years? I haven’t run across it in all that time. There’s no way it’s there.” She walked upstairs and rummaged through his dresser drawers, but found nothing. “It’s not here, Bob.”
“Ah, shit! Well, you’re right—I have no proof. It’s just really disappointing that I need it for you of all people. Goodbye.”
“Bob? Bob? Damn.”
But this was just the beginning of the fallout, for the Taylor women demanded gallantry and honesty from their men. For Kristen, this bombshell had the potential to explode her profound respect for him, which was the cornerstone of her love for him. She tried to keep an open mind. She dropped by his office Friday afternoon to ask him about it. Again he took offense and refused to dignify the outrageous question with a response. She apologized and left, but construed his outburst as evidence against him. That not even Kristen believed him dismayed him, but there was a much higher price to be exacted.
Jennifer, who lived in a world of pretension, needed a genuine hero to love and admire. His heroics, which were impressive enough before she blew them out of proportion, verified her convictions about the kind of man he was. In that sense, his being a hero formed the bedrock of her love for him. Undermine the bedrock and the love teeters. And, forever feeling guilty about missing most of her daughter’s upbringing, she also reassessed her judgment that Kara would be better off with him. She called him to tell him he had better have a good explanation or she would take Kara from him.
With a colorful expletive, he informed her that he owed her no explanation, and that he would never give up the daughter he treasured. His refusal to corroborate his account of the events in Baghdad convinced her he lied about the whole thing. His attitude that he would do as he pleased with the daughter of whom she had legal custody steeled her resolve to take her back.
Two days later, Jennifer showed up at his door with a court order demanding he surrender Kara to her mother. Jennifer’s expensive lawyers had moved quickly; they weren’t working by the hour. Expecting trouble, she had one of her lawyers and two police officers with her.
“What’s this?” he asked with an admixture of fear and anger as he looked on the four people at his door.
“My client has a court order requiring you to surrender her daughter to her at once,” declared the lawyer.
“No! You can’t do this to us. I won’t let you.”
“Sir, the papers are in order, and we will enforce it,” said one of the officers.
“And I’ll do whatever I need to to defend my daughter.”
“Is that a threat, sir?”
“Take it as you please. You’re not taking my little girl.”
“Bobby, I warned them about you, and they’re ready,” Jennifer said. “I don’t want you or Kara hurt.”
“You’re hurting both of us by taking her from the only parent she knows. Dammit, you know better than anyone what it’s like when a cold mother takes the daughter from the father who loves her.”
“How dare you say that to me! You’ve never understood that I have a hard time showing my love. I love her so much that I gave her up to you because I knew she needed a stable, loving home, which I couldn’t provide at the time. Now I can—and I will.”
“Stable, loving home. She was extra baggage to you. She was in the way of your career.”
“Let’s do this quickly,” she instructed her lawyer as she felt Robert’s rage rise.
“Sir, move aside,” ordered an officer.
“Please, Jenny. She’s all I have. I’m all she has! Please don’t do this.” They found Kara hiding in her room, frightened to death.
“Come to Mommy, honey,” said Jennifer as she knelt on one knee and held out her arms. She ran past Jennifer to her father and held on for dear life. He picked her up and held her tightly.
“Let go, sir,” insisted the lawyer as he reached out for Kara.
With a fierce look at the lawyer, Robert said, “Touch my daughter and—”
“That does it!” exclaimed one of the officers as he reached for his gun.
“Bobby! Think of Kara. She might get hurt.”
He started crying and said to his daughter, “You have to go with Mommy now, little gal.”
“No! I don’t want to. Don’t make me go, Daddy!” Kara cried.
“Please, Kara,” he said, now sobbing. He embraced her tenderly. “I promise we’ll be together again. Okay?” Jennifer turned away; she, too, was crying. One of the officers extricated her screaming from his arms, a duty that grieved him.
“Jenny, if you do this, I’ll never forgive you.”
“More threats and I’ll see to it you get no visitation—” began the lawyer. Robert’s eyes opened wide, and his fingers curled into two fists as he came perilously close to striking the man.
The second officer stepped in between. “Calm yourself, sir, or I will arrest you. Take this up in the courts if you must. Not here.”
“Is this because you think I was lying about Iraq? They gave me the Distinguished Service Cross. They don’t give that to liars. It was me that night!”
“I asked to see that when we were married, but you said you gave it to your son. Does he still have it?”
“No, he apparently lost it.”
“You know, I checked on the Internet; there are sites that list the soldiers that won each medal. Your name is nowhere to be seen.”
“Christ, Jenny, Delta Force doesn’t even officially exist. Everything about its soldiers is secret.”
“Hendrix is listed.”
“Yeah, well, he’s dead, so he’s not telling many secrets. And I didn’t want the publicity, anyway.”
“How do you think all this sounds from my point of view? You have absolutely no proof that you were the one, and everyone on TV says it was this other guy. If you’re lying, and looks like you are, then you’re not the person I thought you were. Anyway, even that’s beside the point. This is about my right to be her mother, and to love and be with my own daughter.”
“Daddy, Daddy. Help me! Don’t let them take me! Don’t make me go.”
“Kara, I’m sorry,” he said with tears streaming down his face. “Daddy loves you. We’ll be together again.” The four left with his main reason for being. He sat on the floor, covered his face with his hands and cried for hours. Later he contacted a lawyer to see what could be done, but prospects looked bleak.
Jennifer, overcome with guilt, called him that evening to assure him Kara would be loved and well cared for, and that he could visit her when he wanted. He said nothing to her until the end when he said, “I’ll hate you forever.” Jennifer started crying.
Nothing could be worse than this, he thought. No, but something just as devastating was in store. He learned the next day that Kristen had accepted Mark’s proposal of marriage the previous Saturday. Mark had taken her to an exclusive restaurant, bought a five hundred-dollar bottle of wine, and presented her with two dozen roses and the engagement ring. When she opened her mouth to accept his offer, something checked her. No! shrieked her soul. It was a momentary distraction.
She smiled and said, “Yes.”
On the way to Robert’s office to inform him, she was struck by the same wave of panic that had washed over her when she was considering Andrew Katz’s proposal of marriage. A powerful voice from deep inside cried, I have to marry my soul mate! When she entered his office to deliver the news, the words wouldn’t come at first. I’m supposed to be with him! her soul was screaming.
As the words came out, it was as if someone else was uttering them: “I thought I should tell you Mark Loftus has asked me to marry him, and I said … yes.”
Tears rushed to his eyes as he hurried her out of his office with a laconic, “Congratulations.” She was out the door and it was shut before she knew what was happening.
Second thoughts immediately ushered into her confused head as she stood outside his door and listened to his sobs. He had put his back to the door and sunk to the floor. She knelt and put her hands on the door, her agonized soul desperately trying to reach him. Tears poured from her eyes.
She scoffed at the comparisons she’d done between the two men that had made Mark seem so superior. Her love for Robert couldn’t be fully comprehended or explained. No checklist of strengths and weaknesses could account for it. When it came to what mattered most, her love for Mark was as a candle to Robert’s sun. She fought to deny it to herself, so painful were the regrets Robert evoked; she had put the pain behind her and didn’t want to look back. But what did his tears signify? Part of her, most of her, wanted to march back into his office and declare, “If you want me just ask!” She put her hand on the door knob.
No! insisted her fragile ego. Not again. He loves someone else. He said he doesn’t want to know me anymore. I have someone better. Don’t be a fool.
She got up, turned, and left. The door stayed closed.
Miriam came to Kristen’s office a few minutes after Kristen returned. As she approached the closed door, she could hear Kristen weeping. She knocked. Kristen claimed in a shaky voice that she was busy and couldn’t be disturbed at present. “It’s Miriam, Kristen. Are you all right?” No answer. “May I please come in so we can talk?” She tried the door; it was locked. Kristen composed herself and opened the door. “What’s the matter?” Miriam asked.
“I’m okay now. I should get going. I have patients to see.”
“Not looking like that you’re not. If a patient sees you, he’ll be convinced you’re going to deliver dreadful news. What is it?”
“Oh, it’s just foolishness. I told Bob I’m marrying Mark, and he rushed me out of his office, then he started to cry, and so did I, and I … I can’t seem to stop.”
“You’re telling yourself you’ve made a ghastly mistake. It’s so obvious you love each oth—”
“I have patients to see!” she yawped as she hurried off.
Losing his daughter and Kristen was all Robert could take. He decided to call General Turnbull to get him to disabuse the media about the mountebank. He’d retired two years earlier, so Robert had to track him down. It took a few days, but Robert found his whereabouts and called.
“Good to hear from you, son,” said the general. “What’s up?”
“Have you not heard that some clown named Patrick Rocha is claiming to be the soldier who helped Hendrix get the news about the smallpox out?”
“What?”
“It’s big news up here. The media are making a big deal out of him.”
“But hasn’t anyone denied the story?”
“No. In fact, Canadian politicians are falling over themselves to try to hog some of the limelight. He’s Canadian and was in the U.S. Army then, and says he was in Baghdad that night. Everyone believes him, including the only people I care about. My ex-wife actually took my daughter from me because of it. The woman I love thinks I’m the phony and is marrying someone else. My son … I don’t know. No one trusts me anymore. This thing is ruining my life! Please help me, General.”
“I’ll take care of it. Very few people knew of your involvement, so it may take some time.”
“Thank you, sir. Um, if at all possible, I still don’t want my name released. You should’ve seen how those idiots in the media swarmed over him. That’s exactly what I wanted to avoid. Oh, and, sir, could I possibly get a replacement medal? My son lost the one you gave me.” The general said he would see to that. “One more thing, sir,” said Robert. “Can I possibly have a copy of the recording of Hendrix’s phone call?” The good general said okay, but it would take some time to get it to Robert.

Chapter Eleven

The Glorious Rocha Comes to Town

Mark Loftus, local hero and candidate for Parliament, thought it would be grand to associate himself with Patrick Rocha, the newest national hero. Seeing the two heroes side by side, the voters could only conclude they were from the same mold and recognize what a splendid Member of Parliament he would make. Patrick was just starting a lucrative speaking tour. Mark and Kristen worked together quickly to set up a candidate’s fundraiser with Rocha as the guest speaker. The timing was impeccable: the federal election was widely expected in April or May. Bookings were going quickly, and Mark wanted to strike while the iron was hot. They chose Rocha’s first opening, the next Thursday, giving them just six days to make all the arrangements.
The idea worked magnificently. Nearly 750 people attended at a hundred dollars a head, leaving almost forty thousand dollars for Mark’s campaign after paying Patrick’s twenty-five thousand-dollar fee and the expenses for the fundraiser. Not only that, the local media showed up as well. What a coup! Television cameras recorded the two, hands clasped with arms above their heads and broad smiles: the new generation of Canadian heroes. No terrorist would ever strike Canada with those two at the helm.
When Patrick arrived, Kristen, anxious to make his acquaintance, introduced herself. “Hi, I’m Kristen Taylor, and I’m very pleased to meet you.”
“And I’m always real happy to meet a babe, too,” said Patrick.
“I’m Mark’s fiancée,” Kristen hastened to point out. His smile disappeared. She resumed: “I’ve heard all about what you did, and, of course, I’m impressed. I wanted to ask you if you met someone I know while you were in Iraq. Bob Owens?”
“No, that don’t ring no bells.”
“That’s odd because he was in Delta Force and was in Baghdad that night.”
“Uh, well, I was just regular Army and didn’t know none of them supposed hotshots.”
“When you were with Hendrix, was there any other American soldier around?”
“I didn’t see no one else. Anyways, I have to get ready for my speech, so—”
“I understand. I’m looking forward to your speech. Thank you for coming tonight.” Patrick went on his way, and Kristen furrowed her brow.
Mark made the first speech, stating with passion and certitude his platform. Besides healthcare—and you can never spend enough on that in Canada—he plied voters with a law and order theme. Normally, that would be a low priority for an election campaign in Canada, but London had recently suffered some well-publicized motorcycle gang violence. Rival gangs had been killing each other, doubling London’s murder count this year. Some innocent bystanders had been killed or injured as well. Just the week before, a jury member for a murder trial of one gang leader had been strangled, causing a mistrial.
Mark declared his frustration with laws that seemed to protect the gangs and tied his hands as police chief to bring them to justice. “Elect me, and I’ll push for legislation to stop these animals. If it were up to me, I’d lock them all up forever. That fiasco last week when the bikers murdered the young lady on the jury must never be repeated. I swear to you, I’ll get them. The murderers will not get away with it! The integrity of our justice system is at stake.”
As Robert Owens, who was one of those who came to see Patrick, listened, he became distinctly uncomfortable with this bluster from the police chief. The gangs had shown no hesitation to strike hard when they perceived a threat, and Loftus was definitely a threat. Robert worried that Kristen might be caught in the next crossfire.
Patrick took the podium to raucous cheers. His speech was uninspiring except for his rousing account of the scene with the tank. He described how, dressed in the enemy’s uniform, he knelt between Hendrix and the tank to give him time to get the critical message out. He told of the tank and soldiers from the south approaching, and how imminent their death was. The audience was spellbound. He finished the tale with his running to cover, firing at the approaching soldiers, and assuming Hendrix was following. Much to his shock, Hendrix stayed behind.
“The poor guy was blown up by the tank,” news that everyone knew yet, in context, it saddened the crowd. “We can all thank God he got the message out, though,” he finished to cheers.
Reporters were given the first opportunity to ask questions. They posed questions he’d answered a hundred times before. He answered them again to applause. TV crews then packed up to give them time to prepare the story for the eleven PM broadcasts.
Then the audience was given a chance to ask questions. A microphone was provided to those interested. A lady was given the first opportunity, and she declaimed, “I simply wanted to say thank you.” Patrick smiled, and the crowd cheered. “You may have saved everyone in this room.” Robert screwed his eyes skyward and grabbed the mic from her. “Ignorant asshole,” she labeled him.
He asked Patrick, “Were you scared at all?” Kristen looked and scowled upon seeing Robert and realizing what he would try to do.
Patrick had answered this many times and had his stock answer: “When a dude’s in the middle of something that intense, your adrenaline gets a-going, and you forget your fear. I really didn’t feel no fear.”
That riled Robert, who’d been terrified in that circumstance, but he calmly stated, “Hm, I would’ve thought anyone in that peril would be petrified, that the real courage consists of overcoming the fear because your friend and your country are depending on you.”
Some muttering began around him.
Kristen, who’d worked feverishly to make the night a success, was angry over his spiteful conduct. She went to him and begged him to stop. “I know why you’re doing this. Please stop it. This evening is crucial for Mark’s future.”
He ignored her and directed another question at Patrick. “Why didn’t you get a medal if you did what you say you did?” That spawned hissing and shouting from the audience. He has the nerve to question our national hero?
A few people shouted, “Shut up!”
Patrick also had a ready answer for that one. “It’s true I didn’t get no medal, probably ‘cause I wasn’t offed, but a couple a politicians just admitted this was a big time screw-up, and told me I’ll get a Canadian medal, maybe even the, uh, something Cross, you know?”
“The Victoria Cross, and he deserves it!” Mark declared. The audience cheered. “I’ll work to see he gets it when I’m elected.” More applause.
Now Robert was furious. “Good men gave their lives that night in earning their country’s highest medal, Rocha. How dare you dishonor them by presuming to deserve the same honor. You’re a goddamn liar! You weren’t with Hendrix that day!”
Patrick’s face went white, and a chorus of boos erupted.
Kristen grabbed Robert’s arm and implored, “Stop it. You’re ruining everything!”
He yanked away his arm and continued, “Where were you, Rocha? Hiding in one of the buildings there?” The crowd persisted in jeering him. Patrick stood there in stunned silence. Robert challenged, “Why didn’t you help? You could’ve helped save him. He died because of you!” Robert knew this was unreasonable, but it felt good to make the imposter squirm. People cursed at him and shoved him.
With Patrick unable to defend himself, Mark apologized for the “ignorant fool,” and ordered his officers to eject Robert.
“We have a right to free speech in this country, Mr. Loftus. You have no right to kick me out just because you don’t like what I have to say,” he screamed at Mark. “Are we supposed to elect someone who is so cavalier with our constitutional rights? Are we supposed to vote for a dupe who advocates for the country’s highest honor on behalf of a cowardly charlatan?”
“Robert! Shut up!” a fuming Kristen bellowed. Mark, who never liked Robert in the first place and was infuriated with him at that moment, repeated his order. An officer came up to him, took away the microphone, and escorted him out. Robert waited in the parking lot for Mark.
Mark and Kristen emerged twenty minutes later. She saw Robert and went on the offensive. “Your behavior this evening: You ruined everything! You undermined the man I love. You caused a ruckus. You insulted our guest of honor. Are you satisfied?” He said nothing.
Then Mark said, “You destroyed a perfect evening that could have locked up the next election for me. You did this because you’re jealous that I got Kristen, right? But you had no right to do that to me. I’ve been completely civil to you.” Robert merely glowered at him. “Well, what have you got to say for yourself?” Mark demanded.
“It’s going to come out, you know. Think of how you’ll look when the media play back the tape showing you kiss the ass of that national disgrace. I swear to you, you’ll regret endorsing the crusade for getting him the Victoria Cross.”
“Robert Owens!” Kristen shot back, “I’m ashamed of your conduct tonight. You’re a great disappointment to me.” That upset him and it showed. Considering his behavior vindictive and calculated to hurt both her and her fiancé, she’d wanted to convey her anger, but his reaction troubled her.
He left.
*
“Gertrude,” remarked Mr. Carlton, “some asshole from London embarrassed us all last night by shitting all over that hero from I-raq that saved us all from the chicken pox. I hope he gets chicken pox and dies.”

Chapter Twelve

They Have It Out

The next weekend, as Kristen and Mark walked together on campus, she spotted Robert in the distance talking to a man; the same teenage girl she’d seen in his office was with them. Kristen halted when she saw them. “What’s the matter?” said Mark as he looked up the path and saw Robert. “Is that his teenybopper girlfriend?” he asked. She nodded slowly. “Christ,” Mark continued, “she can’t be any older than fifteen or sixteen.”
“She must be at least seventeen if she’s a student here.”
“I doubt that. Anyway, he has no business dating a student.” The girl left the two men and strolled toward Kristen and Mark. When she approached, Mark said, “Excuse me, I’m Mark Loftus, Liberal candidate for Parliament. May I ask you if you are of voting age?”
“No,” she said with a giggle. “I’m only fifteen.”
“Oh,” said Mark, with an A-ha! glance at Kristen. “Sorry to bother you. Have a nice day.” The girl went on her way. Mark said to Kristen, “That son of a bitch. If he’s you-know-whating her, that’s statutory rape. I’ve got the son of a bitch now!”
“No!” Kristen screeched before she controlled herself.
“What?” rejoined her surprised fiancé. “Why would you not want that? I thought you hated him.”
“I simply meant that we’re jumping the gun. We have no idea what relationship they have, if any.”
“It was you who said he loved her. Anyway, I’m going to find out.” He called over the radio for two officers to come to his location. They arrived within three minutes. “You see that man up there with the baseball cap. Take him to the station for questioning concerning a possible sexual relationship with a minor.”
“Mark, is this really necessary?” Kristen asked.
“Kristen, don’t question me in front of my officers,” he scolded. “What is it with you and him, anyway? I can’t figure this out at all.” He reiterated his command, and the officers obeyed.
Kristen observed as the officers went up to him and talked to him. Robert reacted with shock—Kristen heard him yell, “You’re full of shit!”—but he accompanied them. As he walked toward Kristen and Mark, Robert noticed the couple and frowned. He gave Kristen a look of indignation that cut right through her. And that was nothing compared to the look he gave Mark.
Seeing the intent in Robert’s furious eyes, Kristen pleaded, “Bobby, please don’t resist!”
He submitted, and the officers took him away.
Mark said to Kristen, “Let’s follow them downtown, and have this out. You can make a statement of what you saw between the two. With any luck, he’ll never bother us again.”
Mark was now treading on parlous ground with her, though he didn’t sense it. She was a boiling cauldron of emotions inside. Mark could only pressure so far before her love for Robert would blow off the lid and knock him aside.
“I can’t,” she said. “I have to get back to work.”
“I thought you said you could take the rest of the day off.”
“I just need to check on a patient I’m worried about.”
“Are you afraid of him? That’s it, isn’t it? He beat you or something, right? If he did, just tell me, and I promise you I’ll deal with him personally.” She glared at him. “I’ll protect you from him, don’t worry. Come with me, Kristen. If he’s taking advantage of a child, he has to be stopped for her sake.”
She accompanied him to the police station. On the way, Mark asked her how he knew they were lovers.
“I know no such thing,” she said. “All I saw was her looking at him as if she was in love; that’s it. That’s why I said you’re jumping the gun.” She omitted what she’d heard Robert say in his office: “I love you so much,” and later, “I’ll pick you up Friday at seven.”
When they got to the station, she insisted on speaking to Robert alone. Mark reluctantly agreed.
Upon entering the interrogation room that held him, Kristen saw he was sitting at a table with his head resting on his arms, face down. He tilted his head up to see who came in. She expected him to scream at her, but he seemed more hurt than angry.
On the verge of tears, he said, “You helped him set me up with a bogus charge of statutory rape, didn’t you?”
“How can you possibly think I’d do that to you?”
“That you’d have a hand in sending me to jail for something I didn’t do?” He smirked.
She sat next to him and said, “I’ve spent twelve years regretting that; I’d rather die than do it again. I have no intention of testifying against you or telling them anything, but I need to know, are you really in love with her?”
“With who?”
“That young girl I saw you with.”
“First of all, I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about. Second, it was you who pointed the finger at me. Do you hate me that much?”
“No, you don’t understand. I didn’t want any of this. It was just the offhand remark I made when I was angry with you at the pub.”
“About the teenybopper I supposedly love? What the hell, Taylor?”
“Standing outside your office a while back, I heard you say that to a girl who was far too young for you.”
“My daughter?”
“No. A cute fifteen-year-old girl, the one who—”
“You saw me tell a fifteen-year-old girl that I love her? You must’ve been dreaming.”
“I wasn’t dreaming. It was more like a nightmare. I was standing outside your office. I couldn’t see you, but I heard you say ‘I love you so much.’ I saw this cute girl with short, light brown hair standing at your desk, smiling, the one who was talking to you today. You said you’d pick her up Friday at seven. Then at the pub you said you tried to fake her ID.”
“Melissa? Oh, for Christ’s sake, Taylor! Are you bonkers? She’s my babysitter. I was going out that Friday evening and was making arrangements for babysitting. Melissa’s the dean’s daughter; she always babysits—babysat—for me. My daughter was sitting on my lap. I was telling Kara I love her. And at the pub, I thought you were talking about Kara when you asked about my girl. I was joking.”
“Oh, God. I’m so sorry.”
“I’m here under suspicion of statutory rape, and you’re sorry. That’s just swell, Taylor. What did you tell that bastard you’re marrying?”
“Nothing, absolutely nothing. He just jumped to the conclusion when he saw you with her.”
“The same conclusion you jumped to?”
She lowered her head. “I never meant for this to happen. You know me.”
“No, I don’t, not anymore. What happened to the Krissy I loved?”
“She’s … I’m petrified of you, petrified that you’ll break my heart again. I can never go through that again. That’s why I’m so guarded with you.”
“Lucky me. Truth be told, Taylor, I came back to London for you.” She opened her eyes wide, but before she could say anything, he continued. “That was obviously a mistake. I would’ve thought that the one person in the world who would trust me, who would know I would never harm a child, who would know I would never lie about Iraq, would be you. But you aren’t you anymore.”
“I know you would never hurt a child, and I know you are a hero. I only questioned whether you were the one who was with Hendrix when he made the call.”
“I don’t care whether you consider me a hero; that’s your hang-up, not mine. I do care that you think I’m a liar, not to mention a pervert, and I care that you sided with that charlatan and with your asshole fiancé against me!”
“I’m sorry, but even if I believed you, I would never have condoned the way you went about trying to unmask him. You not only ruined the evening, something that Mark and I worked really hard to pull off, you compromised his election chances—”
“He did that all by himself by aligning himself with Rocha—”
“Let me finish. Worst of all, you embarrassed yourself.”
“As if you care about that. You love him.”
“You still have no idea what you mean to me. Part of me does love Mark, but—”
“The part I don’t know, the part I don’t want to know, the only part I ever get to see; the part that said yes to his proposal!”
She sat there silent for a time, not knowing what to think or say. Before he interrupted her, she was on the brink of admitting how much she still loved him, but with Robert so inimical and with Mark looking on from the next room, she thought the better of it. Finally, she said, “I don’t want to leave it like this between us. It was uncomfortable enough before.”
“Then let’s just stay apart.”
“If that’s the way you want it,” she said, as she stood to leave. “I hope you and Kara will be very happy.” He glared at her. “What did I say wrong now?”
“Have you seen her around lately?” he said. “Jenny took Kara away from me.” His eyes watered once more. “Like her cousin, she’s lost faith in me because of Rocha. Then you have the gall to tell me how I should handle the fraud who’s ruining my life? And for the icing on the cake, you land me back in jail. Go to back to your fiancé, Taylor. He’s welcome to you. I can’t stand the woman I see before me; she killed the woman I love!”
That started her tears flowing. She looked at him desolately, and said, “Don’t say that, Bobby.”
In her beseeching look, he thought he recognized something of his Krissy of old—her gaze of love. It vanquished his anger at once. He softened his tone and said, “Krissy, you’re the most wonderful person I’ve ever met, but you seem to be hiding your true self from me. Please let her come back to me.”
At that juncture, Mark entered the room and asked what Robert had done to upset her. She composed herself and assured him that Robert had merely set her straight, and proceeded to tell Mark what the confusion was over the young girl.
Mark expressed his regret for the misunderstanding and extended his hand to Robert as Kristen looked on with concern. Her expression was begging him to accept the apology. Out of respect for her, he shook Mark’s hand. She smiled her gratitude.
That evening, Kristen had an epiphany. Protecting her ego had cost her his love. She had buried her profound love for him so effectually, he could no longer sense it. I killed the woman he loved. That said it all, and it shook her to the core. He said he came back for me. If I don’t take the chance of telling him how I really feel, I will lose him forever. I’m so afraid, but what’s the point of protecting myself from getting hurt by him? So I can get along without him? That makes no sense!

Chapter Thirteen

Reckoning

Trumpeting “I told you so” is one of the great satisfactions in life, but the wait for it to play out can be frustrating.
Jennifer, having an awful time with a daughter who would not stop crying and who screamed every time she came near, and still nervous over what a livid ex-husband might do to get her back, decided to call Robert to talk peace terms.
“I know you hate me more than ever,” she opened after his “Hello.” She interpreted his silence as confirmation, but continued, “I don’t want you as an enemy. God, Bobby, I still love you.” He said nothing, so she went on: “I want you to know you can come here to see her whenever you want for as long as you want. I never had any intention of cutting you off from her. You must know I’ve always wanted you in her life. She needs her father. Will you come to see her?”
“I want her back, then I want nothing to do with you for the rest of time.”
“Dammit, this is why I had to do what I did. You gave me no choice with your stubborn insistence that she was yours alone. I’m her mother, and I love her. I want her in my life, too, but I want to share her with you. Will you please come—”
He hung up. She threw the phone at the wall.
*
Word got around campus quickly that Robert Owens had caused the city and the university humiliation with his appalling treatment of a national idol. Newspapers across Canada reported the incident. He was told to attend a disciplinary meeting the next Monday.
Professor Taylor was asked to recount the events of that night. Not wanting to be in the position of testifying against him ever again, she declined. She did attend the meeting, though, to see if she could help him.
“What are you doing here, Taylor?” he asked her.
“I came here to help you if I can.”
“I don’t need—”
“Listen to me. I can help you. Just trust me.”
He remained undecided.
She said, “If you want me to trust you, you have to be able to trust me.”
He acquiesced.
Another professor narrated his version of the events, with appropriate indignation and mortification over the fallout for the university. Robert was invited to rebut.
“All I have to say is Rocha is a phony,” he said.
“Do you have any proof?” said the chairwoman.
“Every bit as much as Rocha does that he’s the hero.”
“Dr. Owens,” said the chairwoman, “I hardly think that is an acceptable defense. If that’s all you have to say, I’m afraid we have no choice but to dismiss you—”
“Please, madam chair,” interrupted Kristen. “He’s an incredible asset to this university. He’s probably the finest computer scientist here or anywhere.”
The chairwoman responded, “That isn’t the issue here.”
“If it isn’t, it should be,” said Kristen. “This Rocha business will blow over within days; Dr. Owens will be one of this institution’s brightest lights for years—unless you make a big mistake today.”
The committee whispered among themselves. After a few minutes, the chairwoman said, “Dr. Owens, we’ve decided to suspend you until the end of the term, without pay. After that, assuming this has blown over, you may return to your post.”
He bristled at the sentence and opened his mouth to remonstrate, but Kristen said, “Don’t! Just accept it and leave … Trust me.” He sighed and walked outside. It was a cloudy, dreary morning. He zipped up his jacket.
Kristen followed and, while doing up her coat, said, “They needed to slap you on the wrist to satisfy the hierarchy. You’ll be back next term.”
“I’m not coming back. I’m leaving London, and you’ll never see me again.” He turned and walked briskly away.
With a real sense of panic that he was about to depart forever, her soul finally pushed aside the sorrow, disappointment, regret, anger, and fear her conscious self had interred it in just after he left her over four years earlier, reunited with her cognitive mind and commanded, “Robert Owens: stop!”
He obeyed and turned to face her.
Closing the distance between them, she said, “If you storm away from me one more time, you’ll convince me that I made the right decision with Mark. You’ll convince me that you haven’t changed, that you’ll never change. You’ll convince me that you don’t respect me, that you don’t love me. So if that’s what you want, then turn around and go.”
He stayed put.
She stepped still closer to him, looked in his eyes, and said, “I still love you; I will always love you.”
“You’ve varied between distant and hostile with me since I arrived. There’s been no sign of any love.”
“Nor any from you. I had a good thing going with Mark—he really is a great guy—and then you show up out of the blue. I didn’t know how to react. I still don’t. I just know I love you.”
“Yet you’re marrying Mark, so I guess you love him more.”
“You’ve never understood the depth of my love for you. We’re supposed to be together!” She took his hands in hers. “Our problem is you don’t know that. You love me so much less than I love you.”
“How can you say that? I asked you to marry me twice. It was you who rejected me twice.”
“Don’t you think I know that? Don’t you know how I forever grieve that something major intervened both times? The best part my life was the twenty hours when we were engaged. The bliss I experienced then is greater than all my happiness combined since then. Both situations were incredibly complicated, and both times you were the cause; yet you continue to blame me.”
She let go of his hands and resumed, “You and I have a lot of strengths in common, but we also share a critical weakness. When we get angry over something the other one did, we strike out impetuously. We magnify the original problem a hundredfold with reckless and foolish responses.”
She stopped to gauge his reaction. He nodded in agreement.
She proceeded, “There’s also an important difference between us: when I realize what I’ve done, I do my best to undo it, and I forgive you for what you did. But you … don’t. I was ready to marry you the next day, the next day! But you never came back.” She stepped back, looked down, and repeated mournfully, “You never came back.”
“I did, but too late, I guess.”
“If you think it is, then it is.”
“You’re engaged to him, aren’t you?”
He hung his head and turned to leave, but she grabbed his arm and said, “Robert! Did you hear anything I just said? You keep giving up on us. Here you are ready to do it again. Why do you think I don’t trust you? How am I to believe that if we did get back together, you would stay with me the next time the going got tough?”
“I will.”
“No, Bobby; that’s not good enough for me. You need to show me you’ve grown. You need to prove to me you can rise above the weaknesses that have doomed our relationship time and time again.”
“How?”
She took his hands once more. “First and most obvious, don’t leave London; don’t leave me.” He nodded. “Second, show me you truly do love me.”
“Why do you think I keep coming back to you? I can’t live without you.”
She released his hands again and said in a decidedly colder tone, “If that were true, we wouldn’t have spent the last twelve years apart. If you didn’t keep leaving, you wouldn’t have to keep coming back.”
He cast about for the magic words that would convince her his love was genuine. In his mind, the stakes were now at their highest. If I can convince her I’ll never leave her again, she might take me back! Don’t blow this!
His ponderings were taking too long. She said, “Robert?”
“Uh, I really do love you, Krissy … so much it scares the hell out of me.”
Her face fell; his followed suit. Shit!, he exclaimed to himself.
She said, “There’s the heart of the matter: your insecurity. It’s what worries me most. It leads you to doubt my love, which leads you to abandon me.”
“Of course I doubt your love. You’re engaged to another man.”
“Convince me you will never again break my heart, that you’ll stand by me no matter what happens, and that will change.”
The sun found its way between the clouds.
“Krissy … I’m dying to convince you. Here you are offering me another chance, and I’m flubbing it. I’m so afraid of saying the wrong thing again, I’m shaking. Please tell me how I can convince you.”
“Showing faith in me today was a good start. Your shaking is sweet, too,” she said with a smile. “It tells me you’re sincere. Other than that … time.” She looked at her watch. “I’m late; I have to go.” She kissed his cheek and walked away.
He called to her, “Please don’t marry him!”
Turning to face him and walking backwards, she said, “Convince me.” She turned and hurried to her waiting students.
*
The next day, Robert received the copy of the recording of the Hendrix phone call. He immediately called Kristen, but learned she was in Toronto for a conference for the next three days.
So, he went to Kim’s to play the recording for his son and Kim. Though Brian believed him anyway, it was important for Robert to erase any doubts his son might have entertained. Kim, who cringed in listening to the recording, sincerely apologized for doubting him and added, “Bob, I’d hate to think our friendship will suffer because of—”
“Kim, through it all you’ve been my one and only constant friend. Without the friendship you showed me, I don’t know if I would’ve survived the bad times, especially after Iraq. You’re so kind and so good that I can’t imagine my world without you in it. And you brought Brian into my life. I can never thank you enough for everything you’ve done for me. You mean the world to me.”
With tears in her eyes, she hugged him.
Next, he packed and flew to California with the aim of getting Kara back. Jennifer had been regretting her decision to take her daughter back. Kara had spent much of her time crying during the twenty-nine days she was with her mother. Jennifer had stopped trying to pick her daughter up, because she couldn’t bear the heart-wrenching screams of hatred. She was to resume touring in a little over a month and was wondering how she would manage the wretched child, even with the caregiver she hired, so when Robert called demanding a meeting, she responded with a wholehearted yes. When he got there, the reuniting of father and daughter left nary a dry eye in the house.
“Daddy!” said the little girl as she ran to his open arms.
He embraced her tenderly and smothered her with kisses. “I love you so much,” he said. A beaming smile evaporated her tears. He sat and put Kara on his lap; she snuggled in. He took out his laptop and ordered Jennifer to listen to the recording.
Before he started it, he said, “This is what actually happened on that awful night in Baghdad. It’s scary, so I’m covering Kara’s ears.”
Jennifer nodded nervously and listened. She sat there astonished as she heard Hendrix converse with the contact, referring to Owens three times. Crying by the end of it, she hugged her hero, her love, trust, and admiration for him restored.
“You’ve wondered why I never want to think, let alone boast about this? Here you are crying just listening to it. Imagine being there. You can’t come close to comprehending the overwhelming feeling of pure horror, but try to put yourself there just for that minute. First, there’s the gut wrenching fear. You’re sweating, you’re shivering, you’re breathing so fast you’re getting light-headed, your heart is pounding, your stomach is one big knot, your mouth is so dry you can’t swallow. Every fiber of your being is screaming ‘Run!’—but you can’t, because you couldn’t live with yourself anyway if you left your friend alone to die, if you let your country down, and if you didn’t do everything possible to stop that virus from getting out, so you stay, expecting every second to be your last. Tick, tick, tick.” He opened his eyes wide to show dread and turned his head back and forth. “Where’s the fatal shot going to come from? Tick, tick … Is the tank going to fire? Tick, tick … Where the fuck are those guys to the west! Will they get me or Hendrix before I can get them? Tick, tick … Will I feel a lot of pain? Tick, tick … Or will I just go out like a light bulb? Tick, tick … There they are! Bang, bang, bang, bang!”
Jennifer jumped and latched onto his arm.
“Now the rest of them know we’re the enemy. Oh, Christ, I’m really going to die! ‘Fire!’ shouts their commander. They begin shooting. I yell to Hendrix, ‘Run!’ and I start running. I’m so scared, I can’t remember getting to the corner behind the building. I turn to see Hendrix still on the phone. Boom! He’s gone. Just disappeared.” Robert’s eyes looked distant as he re-experienced that horrendous moment. He dropped his head down as tears filled his eyes.
Jennifer petted his hair.
“That night … in some ways, it seems like it never really happened, it was so unreal. I saw so many good men die. I saw strangers die, many by my hand. I killed a child. I was tortured mercilessly. The unbearable pain …” He looked at her at a loss for words for the moment as the tears overflowed. “Every excruciating minute in that prison cell, I prayed for death.” She leaned closer and stroked his cheek. “Do you understand now why I want to keep it buried in my past?”
“Yes,” Jennifer said while weeping. She blew her nose. “I’m so sorry for not believing you. It only goes to prove, though, that other than these last few weeks, I’ve been right about you all along, Bobby Owens.”
“Yet how easy it was to knock that impression aside, and with that gone, you immediately fell out of love. Your love for me is shallow, Jenny.”
“No, it’s not! I never fell out of love. When there seemed to be solid evidence that I was mistaken about who you really are, I had to question why I loved you. But I remembered all the other reasons I’ve loved you since I was fifteen.”
“Because I saved your life.”
“Not just that, but that is important to me, yes. How should a person feel about someone who saved her life? My point is, you always come through when it’s most important. You succeeded that night in Iraq only because of the man you are. I understand who you are, and that’s why I love you.”
“Yet you took my daughter from me.”
“Our daughter, Bobby. Ours. She’s mine, too, and I have the right to be with her. You hate me for taking her from you, but did you stop to think in all the time you had her that she came out of me, and that I gave my most precious possession to you? Did you ever think—cover her ears—that she wouldn’t exist if you had your way? It was me who wanted to have our child because I loved you. Do you remember how I had to force her on you to get you to even acknowledge her? You know how persistent I was in bringing you two together. I feel terrible about taking her from you, but you’re hardly on the high ground here.”
“You’re right. I’m sorry. I promise never to forget what you did for me and her. Now can I please have her back?”
“She hates me,” said Jennifer, as her tears fell again. “I go near her, and she screams. Can you imagine how that makes me feel? My own daughter detests me.”
“Ripping her out of her father’s arms didn’t help.”
“I know, but her father refused to share her with her mother. So, how do I overcome that awful scene? If I give her back, can you help me? Help her to love me again?”
“On the condition you don’t ever do this to us again. I want custody.”
“Joint custody, not sole custody,” Jennifer replied.
“Put that in writing. Now, can I have her back?”
“On the condition you help me into her good graces so that she comes to love me the way she loves you.” He nodded at her demand. “I mean starting right away. I want you two to stay here until my tour resumes. That’s twenty-three days. Agreed?” He nodded again. Jennifer continued, “And I want her to live with me from time to time.”
“That could be disruptive. She starts junior kindergarten this coming September. When and for how long would you want her?”
“Maybe when school’s out? Summers, Christmas, and March break. Plus I get to come to her whenever I please.”
“Okay. Entire summers might be too hard on all of us until you get to know each other better, but we can work up to that. As for Christmas, maybe we could spend the day together before you take her. Christmas without her would be meaningless to me.” Jennifer nodded. He turned to Kara. “Mommy said we can be together again, but she wants to spend more time with you, too, so we’ll stay here together for a little while, and after we go home, she’ll visit more and you can visit her, but you’ll always come home to me, okay?”
Kara smiled and curled up in his lap. He stroked her head.
“Come on, and I’ll show you to a nice room.” She turned to Kara, held out her arms and asked, “Can Mommy carry you?” Kara recoiled from her. Robert said, “You know how much Daddy loves you?” Kara nodded. “That’s how much Mommy loves you. Can you please let her hold you?” Kara shook her head. “Then can she kiss your forehead?” Kara nodded slowly. Jennifer kissed her forehead. “That’s a start. We’ll keep working on her. It’ll take time, but she’ll come around if she sees you’re serious about loving her.”
As Jennifer pointed out, he couldn’t appear cool to her if he expected Kara to warm up to her mother, so during his three weeks in California, Robert put on a show of affection for Jennifer. Jennifer took advantage of the situation by continually kissing him and hugging him. Soon, Kara became comfortable in Jennifer’s arms, but only when Daddy was around.
Just before Robert and Kara left for home, Jennifer said, “So, Bobby, what’s with you and Krissy? You’ve said nothing about her. I’ve been kind of hoping that you were over her, but I know that can’t be true. What’s going on?”
“She’s engaged to someone else.”
“Really?” she said with evident pleasure. But seeing the sorrow in his eyes, she knew he was still in love with Kristen. “Have you tried to talk her out of it?”
“Yes, but she told me I have to convince her I won’t run away from her again.”
“Can’t blame her.”
“How do I convince her?”
“Have you told her you love her?”
“Yes.”
“That’s a start. Have you begged her to marry you?”
“No.”
“You’d rather live a lonely life without her than take the chance of hurting your precious ego. Fight for her.”
“And if she says no to me?”
“You’re no further behind, are you? Isn’t she worth the risk?” He said nothing, but his look showed he was convinced by her argument. “As I said, my concerts in London are May 13th and 14th. You’re finally coming to one of my concerts. It’s about time. I’ll be at your place on the 12th and will stay until the 16th. I’ll get front row seats and a backstage pass for you and Kara.”
“And Brian?”
“Of course.” They kissed, and Robert and Kara left for home.

Chapter Fourteen

First Half of May

May. In the eventful lives of Kristen and Robert, it was to be the single most memorable month. Events in this month would include the triumphant, the horrifying, the poignant, the courageous, the fatal, and the everlasting.
Robert had called Kristen to let her know he’d be in California for three weeks with Kara, and that he’d see her when he got back. She began to consider how to break off her engagement with Mark; she couldn’t bear the thought of hurting him.
On the first of May, the day Robert and Kara returned home, the federal election was called and set for the last day of the month. Just two days later, news broke that Patrick Rocha had been unmasked as a fraud. The Pentagon issued a strong statement that he was not the soldier in question, apologizing to the public that it took so long to get to the bottom of it. Patrick repaired to Paraguay with his ill-gotten gains.
The news sent Mark into a tizzy. He’d been had by a con artist, and everyone knew it. His political fortunes were torpedoed, just as the election writ was dropped. Mark plotted strategy with his campaign director. They decided they needed a salient exploit to turn his fortunes around in time for the election. Putting the rival motorcycle gang leaders behind bars was the feat they chose.
As Mark set that process in motion, reporters were hot on the trail of the most likely candidate for the true hero of the smallpox incident: the troublemaker at the London rally, reported to be one Robert Owens. They began to accost him in early May, but he was most uncooperative.
“Was it you, Mr. Owens?” they asked.
“Piss off,” he answered.
“Was it you?” they repeated.
“Go to hell,” he said.
One of the few competent ones did some digging and went to the air on May 8th with what he termed “well-founded speculation on who the real hero is.” The nine-minute report opened with a brief review of the accomplishments that fateful night leading to the grand mystery: Who was the Canadian-American who had helped the inspectors?
He presented the circumstantial evidence that pointed to Robert Owens. He established that Robert was a dual citizen and proved he was in the U.S. Army at the time. Then, without explanation, for the shot spoke volumes, the report cut to number 13 for the Minnesota Twins easily dispatching a charging Yankee armed with a bat. A military specialist opined that he had to have learned that in Special Forces training. The reporter then pursued the baseball theme, centering on the extra inning playoff game Robert pitched, using it as evidence of the kind of prowess and tenacity one would have needed to succeed that night in Baghdad. The baseball theme ended with Jennifer Taylor hugging him at game’s end.
Footage of his stormy relationship with Jennifer followed, reminding viewers he was the one who refused to acknowledge fathering her child. “Here he is now with that little girl, his daughter, Kara,” the reporter narrated as they showed Robert pushing her on a swing and moseying around in front so she could kick him in the backside. “In the end, he did the right thing,” concluded the reporter.
He dug up old file footage of Jennifer saying, “And he did something so much more special for so many people … I can’t tell you.” He interviewed Jennifer to pose the question, “Is he the hero? Is that what you meant when you said he’s done so much for everyone?” She wouldn’t confirm or deny it, but her proud smile said it all. Next, the reporter turned up home video from the Rocha rally that caught some of what Owens was yelling at Rocha. The reporter concluded, “It was obvious Owens was there with Hendrix in Baghdad.”
He confronted Robert three different times with questions:
“How did you alone know it wasn’t Rocha?”
“You were there, weren’t you? It was you with Hendrix, wasn’t it?”
Little of what Robert said could be played on TV, except for, “Leave me alone or I’ll shove that microphone up your” beep.
The reporter used his reticence as the final bit of evidence to conclude Robert was the reclusive hero. “After all, he’s wanted to keep it quiet all along.”
He was in the news for about a week before the media gave up. This guy just didn’t know how to bask in glory. Viewers aren’t interested in some guy cursing at them. What a lousy hero. The guy who allegedly murdered his lawyer is much more personable. Let’s bug him.
Upon returning home, Robert had gone to see Kristen. Nearing her office, he saw her with Mark. He went home dejected, and stayed away from her for the next few days, trying to determine how to convince her he had changed, and would never again leave her, no matter what.
After the report aired speculating on Robert’s involvement in the smallpox affair, Kristen realized he was home again and immediately went to his place.
He welcomed her in. She said, “Kara’s back!”
“Yup. A few weeks as mother was all Jenny could manage.”
“I’m happy for you and Kara.” Kara stood next to her father with her thumb in her mouth. “She’s so sweet,” noted Kristen.
“Yeah, she’s a real angel,” he boasted.
“And it’s obvious how happy she is. You’re a wonderful father.”
As he beamed with pride, his little angel said, “Daddy, is she a fucking reporter?”
As Robert’s smile fell through the floor, Kristen burst out laughing. “I’m sorry,” said she, “but I can well imagine what she’s overheard from her father about reporters in the past couple of days.”
He, too, laughed and said to his daughter, “You are not to say that bad word again.”
“What word?” asked Kara.
Kristen looked at Robert with an expectant smile. “Go watch Bugs Bunny,” he said. Kara skipped away. He continued, “You saw that Rocha was unmasked?”
“Of course.”
“I hope Mark is shitting himself. It should cost him the election.”
“I don’t want to talk about him. I came to apologize for not believing you. I have no excuse, other than the feeble one I already gave you; you know, how I knew you were a hero anyway.”
“How do you know? You have no real proof, do you?”
“Please don’t taunt. To lose your trust and respect is punishment enough.”
“You’ll always have my trust and respect. But to ensure I have yours, come over to the computer and sit down. I have proof.”
“I don’t need it. I’ll never doubt you again, I swear.”
“I made the mistake of presuming my word was gold, and it almost cost me everything I held dear. I won’t make it again. I played this for Jenny, and it moved her so much she gave me Kara back. I want you to hear it, too. This is a recording made of the phone call Hendrix made. It’s scary. Are you ready?” She nodded. Robert started it.
Chills coursed through her body as the voice she knew so well screamed in Arabic, “I think I got him.” As her cousin had, she moved closer and closer to Robert as the recording played, until she was leaning against him. Tears of pride rolled down her cheeks when Hendrix mentioned, “That’s my buddy, Owens, who’s in a Republican Guard uniform squatting between me and an Iraqi tank trying to give me time to get this message out.” She jumped out of her chair and embraced Robert when loud gunshots went off in the background, and Hendrix yelled, “Christ, that was close. Good shot, Owens!” Tears of sorrow flowed as Robert could be heard screaming, “Time’s out, Hendrix! Run!” and later from a greater distance, “Get out of there!” as the line went dead.
By the end, her head was on his chest, and he was stroking her hair. She was too choked up to say a word. After a few minutes, she sat up and wiped her eyes, but still didn’t know what to say. He opened the drawer, removed a case, opened it, and showed her his Distinguished Service Cross, which had been delivered while he was out west. That choked her up even more.
“That night, Krissy, it’s so hard for me, you know? This recording, scary as it is, doesn’t come close to conveying the intensity of the horror: the clamor, the chaos, the stench, the sight of men getting blown apart. And that was just over a minute of it.” He repeated the histrionics he used with Jennifer, putting her there with Hendrix for that incredible minute.
She couldn’t speak for a few moments after he finished. Finally, she managed to say, “I love you!” She wanted to make love to him, but she worried how he might judge her, since she was still engaged to Mark. She wanted to forswear Mark, but she worried that he would think her superficial for acting on the basis of his one night of heroics. And he had yet to convince her his love was everlasting. She kissed him on the cheek and left.
Robert had hoped the recording would be enough to persuade her to end her engagement, but since that did not come to pass, he was at a loss about what to do next. He decided to wait for her to make the next move, but three days after the scene in his apartment, something came up.
Kristen was frightened by a loud rapping on her door. It was 2:47 AM. She nervously went to her door and called out, “Who’s there?”
“It’s Bob. Kara’s really sick. Please help her, Krissy!” She opened her door to see the alarmed father holding his little girl with a look that screamed, “She’s dying! Please save her!” Kara coughed. It sounded like a barking seal.
Robert said, “She was fine when she went to bed and suddenly started coughing like this. She’s also wheezing and is having trouble getting air. God, Krissy, I think she might be choking to death. I ran all the way here with her. Please help her!” Kara coughed hard again.
“Don’t worry,” she said. “It’s just croup. Give her to me.” He gave Kara to Dr. Taylor, who took her to the bathroom. “Come on in and close the door.” He did as directed. Kristen turned on the hot water in the shower and sink. She sat Kara on her lap, and as she patted the girl’s back, said, “Calm down, Kara; you’ll be okay.”
Kara improved before their eyes.
Kristen explained, “Croup is a virus with symptoms that always scare the uninitiated parent: trouble breathing, the barking cough, and wheezing. Technically it’s not wheezing; never mind. All you need to know is the symptoms can usually be alleviated by cool or humid air. A steamy bathroom generally does the trick. A walk in the cool weather often works as well. If you’d walked over here, she probably would’ve been fine by the time you got here.” She handed back the sleeping toddler to her relieved father.
He expressed his thanks. They went out to her family room, and he put Kara down on the chesterfield. In his emotional state, he embraced Kristen. The couple stared intently into each other’s eyes. Completely under his power, she slowly tilted her head to the right and moved her mouth gradually, but inexorably, toward his. Completely under her power, he did the same. The kiss, the most passionate either had experienced since the one they shared in the river so many years before, affirmed the fervent love they would always feel for each other.
Finally, he stopped himself, saying, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that.”
“Why not?” she said breathlessly, looking at him as she did after their first kiss half a lifetime ago.
“Because you’re still engaged. Mark is the luckiest man on the planet. Sorry for waking you up. We’ll go now.”
“Bobby …”
“Yes?”
“Um … Any time you need anything, just ask. I promise my answer will be yes.”
He thought she might be hinting that she would welcome his proposal, but couldn’t bring himself to risk proposing to her while she was engaged to another man. That had to happen first, he resolved to himself. Robert picked up Kara, kissed Kristen’s cheek and left.
He didn’t mention to her that Jennifer was due to visit him the next day. He thought it best to leave Jennifer out of the picture as much as possible.
Jennifer arrived on schedule and spent the four days with him and Kara, and doing interviews for local stations and papers on her much anticipated homecoming.
The night of the concert, she was as nervous as she ever got before a show. The hometown crowd and the man she loved were on hand. Robert, Kara and Brian were front row center. The lights were lowered, and the audience cheered in anticipation. All at once, a barrage of lights and sound astonished the crowd. They screamed. Jennifer, dressed provocatively, stood stationary, shimmering in the spotlights as the music revved up. When the drums kicked in, she began to dance in time with the quickening beat. Dancers flooded in from the wings. The audience cheered as they recognized the song: Jennifer’s current hit. Jennifer sang and acted out the song, which was about a diva spoiled to the core by fame and fortune.
“There’s Mommy,” said Robert to Kara.
Jennifer was mesmerizing in her red mini dress as she strutted to the beat, swayed her hips on just the right notes, sat on a stool, and crossed her shapely legs as she was doted on by male dancers whom she mistreated or ignored. The spectators loved it.
When the song came to an end, Jennifer stepped forward and said, “Hello, London. It’s great to be home!” That whipped the crowd into a frenzy. She broke into her most popular song as the audience continued to scream its approval.
Robert, Kara, and Brian sat and gazed at the show open-mouthed. Deep bass notes, the thump of the drums, and the loud, upbeat tune had everyone on their feet dancing to the music and singing along. At the end of her number, she looked down to the first row and said, “Hi, honey!” to Kara. As arranged earlier, Robert got up to give Kara to Jennifer.
“My daughter, Kara Taylor Owens,” she informed the audience. They cheered on cue. Jennifer sat her daughter on her lap and sang a slow song. Kara turned her head into her mother’s chest to avoid the bright lights and the scary, noisy darkness beyond. During the chorus, Jennifer started laughing as Kara burrowed in between her breasts. Fans laughed with her when she remarked, “You’re just like your father.” That connected her with her audience and proved she was actually singing. Jennifer was a consummate entertainer.
At song’s end, she kissed her daughter on the cheek and turned her toward the audience. “Isn’t she glorious?” Jennifer asked her fans. They whooped. Robert got up to take her back. The music commenced for Jennifer’s next song, and the audience applauded again.
Watching the show, Robert understood how beautiful but otherwise ordinary people at the zenith of the entertainment industry are considered icons. The music was beside the point; it was so mediocre it could be nothing but. Everyone got caught up in the incredible showmanship. The concert was larger than life, with a stunning woman exuding sexiness while singing her popular songs, proficient musicians turning out the rollicking beat, professional dancers prancing in carefully choreographed routines, and an amazing lightshow transfixing a frenetic crowd that was clapping, singing, and swaying to the music. Television cameras recorded highlights for the local news story of the day: London’s own Jennifer Taylor comes home!
After the show ended, Robert and his children joined Jennifer backstage. “Well? What did you think?” Jennifer asked as they joined her in her dressing room.
“God, Jenny, you were incredible. You were right all along. I never gave you enough credit for your terrific talent or for what you’ve accomplished. I’m so impressed, I’m practically speechless.”
“Thank you, Bobby. You don’t know how much it means to me to hear you say that.” The four left for home having thoroughly enjoyed the evening.

Chapter Fifteen

Second Half of May

The afternoon of May 16th, Kristen was paged. Someone was waiting to see her at her office. She finished with her patient, went to her office, and stopped in her tracks when she saw Jennifer standing there.
Without Robert’s knowledge, Jennifer went there on her way to Toronto, where she was to perform that evening. “Can I come in?” she asked.
“No, Jenny. I don’t want—”
“In private in your office or in public out here, you’re going to listen to what I have to say.”
Kristen opened her office door; the cousins walked in, and Kristen closed the door. “I can never forgive you for what you’ve done to Bobby and me,” she said.
“I know. I’ve been despicable to you, and I’m sorry. I did it because I love him. And because I love him, I came here to tell you something: Smarten up!”
“Pardon?”
“He came back to London for you, and you go and get yourself engaged to someone else. He is head over heels in love with you. God, how I’m tempted to lie about that. Krissy, you have to marry what’s-his-name because Bobby will break your heart again. He’s in love with me! That would be perfect for me. With you out of the picture, maybe I could finally have Bobby for good, but I know he’d always be unhappy that he didn’t have you and continue to blame me. So, I’ll say this once: Stop being an idiot, and back out of your engagement. Tell Bobby you want to marry him.”
“Why are you doing this? I know how much you love him.”
“I just want him to be happy, and he never will be unless he has you. There’s another reason, too. When you marry him, I don’t want to feel hated when I come to see my daughter. I have to go. Don’t mess this up, Krissy. Bobby’s yours for the taking. Goodbye.” Jennifer left.
Tonight at the press conference! Kristen promised herself.
Said press conference was intended to be the climax of Mark’s election campaign. He had skillfully managed the intensive final steps of the police investigation to make an air-tight case against the leaders of the two rival gangs warring against each other in the London area. They had been arrested earlier that afternoon, with Mark going in person to do the honors in front of TV cameras. He scheduled a press conference that evening to summarize his accomplishment and proclaim the end to gang violence in London. What a triumph just two weeks before the election. He hoped it would be enough to swing the polls in his favor. Mark called Kristen and asked her to attend. She said yes.
Mark performed well in front of the media in summarizing the top-notch police work that brought the criminals to justice. He highlighted his central role in the investigation, which was in his interest, given the impending election, but was also hazardous, given the audacity the gangs had shown in flaunting the law and in visiting retribution upon those who presumed to constrain their lawlessness.
Robert watched the press conference and became alarmed as the chief ranted against the gangsters, so he called Kristen to find out if she was there. Learning she was, he begged her to leave at once, but she said she had to speak with Mark about something important.
He got Melissa to baby-sit, drove to the site of the press conference, and went inside. He saw Mark talking to reporters and Kristen standing off to the side. She spotted him and excused herself from Mark, telling him she’d meet him in the parking lot. Mark said he’d be along in a jiffy.
Before she could say a word, Robert urged, “Krissy, don’t go with him!”
“Come outside with me,” she said. Once there she asked, “Why are you so anxious?”
“You heard Mark tonight. Do you think arresting the leaders will stop the rest of those bastards? They’ll be gunning for him for sure. I don’t want you caught in the crossfire.”
“I agree he’s treading on dangerous territory, but do you think they’d actually try something against the chief of police?”
“Absolutely. Let me take you home,” he entreated.
“Are you sure there’s not another reason you came here? Do you have anything else to say to me?”
“Yes, something really important, but now is not the time.” Her intense gaze pleaded for him to speak his mind. He said, “You said I had to convince you I’ve changed. I’m still not sure how to do that, but I can assure you I do know how to love. In fact, although I didn’t know it at the time, I’ve been deeply in love since I was seventeen.”
He took her hands in his, smiled, and continued, “You see, there’s this incredible girl I fell in love with so gradually, so naturally, so completely that I never even suspected it. It wasn’t until I lost her that I discovered how hopelessly in love with her I was. But my revelation came too late.”
Tears brimmed in Kristen’s eyes.
“After living without the love of my life for over seven years because of my awful mistake, I finally got her back, and what did I do? I ran away from her!” He shook his head.
Her tears overflowed.
Robert continued, “Why did I run away? I’ve asked myself that a thousand times. Why didn’t I come back for four years? I can’t even explain it to myself, let alone to you. I’ve been trying to reason it out, but I think the problem is reason never had anything to do with it. It was a purely emotional response, and those are hard to understand when the emotion is gone. I can recall what I felt when you gave me back the engagement ring, but I can’t reproduce the avalanche of grief that swept away my reason for so long. I felt exactly the way I did when the police told me my family had died.” He looked down as his eyes watered. “Absolute devastation. Love is gone again. She … she threw me away …” He stopped to try to hold back his tears, but was unsuccessful.
“Oh, Bobby, I’m so sorry.”
“No, Krissy, I know now you weren’t throwing me away. My reaction has never made any sense. I just remember thinking I had to run away from the hurt, and I had to stay away from love or the heartache would kill me.”
Kristen embraced him and said, “I had no idea. I’ve known all along your incredible loss made you fear love, but I’ve clearly underestimated … the extent of … “ She was having trouble choosing the right words.
“The psychological damage?” he said.
“No … maybe. But now that I understand, I’ll make sure to be very careful to avoid anything you might construe as rejection.”
“I’ve learned my lesson; it’s branded on my heart and seared on my soul. You taught me love, profound love. That you still love me after everything I’ve put you through is so miraculous, so awe-inspiring, so wonderful … I’m overcome. So, now that I really understand, I can express myself simply: Krissy, I love you as much as you love me.”
She put her head on his shoulder and continued to cry.
“If you marry him, I don’t see how I could go on … I would construe it as rejection.” She lifted her head, saw his tearful smile, and chuckled. His expression turned solemn, and he said, “Please, please don’t marry him!”
With a loving look, she said, “And if I don’t?”
“Then, if you’ll take me, I’ll marry you, and I swear to you, nothing will ever again come between us, and I’ll dedicate my life to making you happy.”
She kissed him. “I’ll talk to Mark. I’ll end my engagement …” she said, stopping when she noticed Mark striding up to her. She released her grip, wiped her eyes, and whispered to Robert, “I’m giving up a good man for you. I’m putting all my faith in you that you will never again abandon me.”
“Never. I love you forever,” Robert whispered.
“Come on, Kristen,” said Mark as he held out his hand to her.
Robert held her arm and reiterated, “Don’t go with him!”
“Don’t worry, I’ll just get him to drop me off at my place.” She took Mark’s hand and walked with him to his car. Robert watched as Kristen got into his car and drove away with him.
In the car, Mark said, “What the hell was he doing here?”
“He’s worried that the motorcycle hoods might attack after all your bluster tonight. He asked me not to go with you.”
“Well, I’m heartened that you didn’t listen.”
“He has a point, Mark. These are dangerous men. You may be playing with fire.”
“I’m not afraid of them. I can’t be.”
“Bobby’s convinced you’re putting me in harm’s way, and I must say, I share his concern.”
“All right, Kristen. Come clean with me. You’ve been, I don’t know, almost remote for weeks now. You’re short with me, you’re critical of me—”
“I told you it was dangerous to goad those men, but you paid no attention and went ahead with your fiery speech. You never listen to me.”
“That was tonight. What about the previous few weeks? It’s like you’re becoming someone else. You’re all emotional. You give me the coldest looks.”
“I’m sorry, Mark, it’s just been a really tough time for me.”
“What is the real problem, Kristen? It’s Owens, isn’t it? You love him, don’t you?”
“Oh, this is hard. You’re such a great guy—”
“But you love him. It’s ignorant of you to keep me on the string if you intend on backing out of our engagement.”
“I know, Mark, and I’m really sorry. I never expected—”
“I don’t want your explanations. I love you, but your leaving won’t kill me. I have plenty of interest from other women. Just yester—” Suddenly the passenger window exploded, shattered glass showering Kristen. It was so startling, Mark almost lost control of the car, and Kristen screamed.
A biker had driven alongside Mark’s fancy sports car and smashed the passenger window with a crowbar. Then he sped off. Mark, incensed at the damage to his car, followed despite Kristen’s pleading to let him go.
“This is what I was talking about. They just get away with their crimes because we let them. Not this time!”
“Well, then, call the police.”
“I am the police. If I stop following we’ll never catch him.”
“Call the provincial police. They’ll help. It’s too dangerous by ourselves!”
“I can handle this guy.” The biker took a highway out of the city and turned down a lonely country road. Mark continued to follow. Kristen dug her phone out of her purse just in case. Suddenly the biker came to a halt and gave Mark the finger.
Mark braked, despite Kristen’s “Don’t stop!” command. Immediately after the car stopped, eight more bikers emerged from an abandoned road that intersected with the country road just ahead. They drove up to the car, surrounding it. One of them reached into the car and took Kristen’s phone as she was dialing 9-1-1. Mark got his phone and tried to call for help, but one of the gang smashed his window with a crowbar. Kristen shrieked. The biker attempted to hit him with the crowbar, but Mark managed to grab it and take it away. Unfortunately, in doing so, he dropped his phone on the road.
While he was dealing with this, another hoodlum undid Kristen’s seatbelt and dragged her screaming out of the car. Seriously outnumbered, Mark determined that trying to rescue her on his own was hopeless; he had to go for help. He stomped on the accelerator, knocked aside two bikes and one biker, and took off down the road.
“Mark!” screeched Kristen. Two bikers followed him. The others posted a guard at the barricaded entrance to the road and took their terrified captive and injured comrade down the abandoned road.
The derelict road, overgrown with weeds, followed a forested declivity, at the base of which the gang bivouacked around a fire. Light from the fire sent smoky shadows wavering through the trees that lined the road, rendering the atmosphere eerie. Kristen was in a state of pure terror. It seemed surreal. This can’t be happening. It’s a nightmare. Wake up! Oh, God, please help me! she pleaded silently.
The man carrying Kristen dropped her to the ground next to the fire. She immediately got up and bolted toward the trees. The man caught her by her hair and dragged her back screaming. She scratched his face. He struck her with the back of his hand across her face, knocking her to the ground. Blood dripped from her nose as she lay on the ground, dazed.
“You don’t know how to handle a woman proper-like,” the gang leader said. “Here’s how you treat a lady,” he announced as he picked her up by the arm and tore off her blouse. The five burly bikers surrounding her hooted. She threw punches that had no effect at all on the leader. The assembled roared with laughter. “She’s a feisty one, boys. Can’t wait to feel her squirming around underneath me.” He ripped off her bra, which made the fiends howl with delight. She crossed her arms over her breasts, her wide-open eyes showing absolute panic. She was too petrified to cry; she moaned and quaked. “I’ll hold her arms, and you pull off her pants,” he instructed his brother.
The leader seized Kristen and pulled her arms away to expose her chest, inciting another cheer. He put one big arm around her neck to hold her fast and put his large hand across both her breasts, saying, “Here, honey, I’ll cover up those itty-bitty titties for you.” The others laughed. Kristen shrieked as he squeezed hard.
“Please don’t hurt me,” she begged. The brother approached to take off her pants, but Kristen started kicking. She managed to kick him where it counts, which put him in a stoop and made the others laugh more.
“Can’t handle a skinny little girl?” the leader teased as he laughed.
“I get to kill the bitch when we’re done with her!” the brother roared. “I’ll cut you and slice you until you bleed to death as I’m doing you up your tight little ass,” he said as he yanked off her pants.
Now down to her panties, she shook with fright and cold. One of the five left the semicircle around Kristen to get a beer. The leader pulled back Kristen’s head by her hair and kissed her so hard it bloodied her lips. Frantic, she again tried to fight him off, but he didn’t even seem to notice. He bit down hard her right breast. She screamed in pain.
“You want some of this?” he asked his brother. He grinned and went over to suck hard on her left breast. A third biker came over and pulled at her panties. She screeched again, kicking and scratching frenetically. The leader put his hand down her panties and clutched so hard she yelped in agony.
Kristen scrambled to get away, her torn panties hanging from her hips. She managed to get three feet or so from them and fell to the ground. “Looks like she’s ready, boys,” said the leader to their howls. “Enough foreplay. I’m first.” He unfastened his pants and lowered his zipper.
Overwhelmed with fear, exhausted from fighting, and beleaguered by pain, her mind could no longer cope, and she began to go into shock. Things were getting blurry, and voices started to echo. The gang leader dropped his pants to his ankles and approached the prone victim. Suddenly he collapsed to the ground next to her. Then another body crumpled to the ground on the other side of her. Her bewildered mind could not comprehend what was happening.
The two other fiends turned, took their knives out, and moved away from her. Kristen remained on the ground, stupefied. “Run, Krissy!” someone yelled. Through her bafflement, she didn’t at first comprehend. Still immobilized by shock, she couldn’t even blink, but the glimmer of hope impelled by the familiar voice helped her mind struggle to revive. “Krissy, get the hell out of here!”
She recognized the voice and looked to see the malefactors close in on Robert, waving their knives. She glanced down at the dead brothers. Each had the handle of a dagger sticking out of his face. Robert, now unarmed—having employed the two knives he’d taken from the two bikers he’d previously subdued—was backing away to lure the assailants as far as possible from Kristen. He knew if either of them used her for protection with a knife to her throat, all was lost.
She slowly stood as she came to her senses. One biker broke off toward Kristen as the other moved in on Robert. Seeing the threat to Kristen, Robert ran to cut off her attacker. Kristen witnessed Robert inflicting a punishing kick to the side of his knee, breaking his leg and bringing him down. Seeing the other man quickly closing in on him from behind, Kristen shouted, “Look out, Bobby!”
He turned to see the other biker jab at him with his knife. He dodged, but couldn’t avoid the blade altogether. It pierced his left side just below his ribcage. He screamed in pain. “Bobby!” said Kristen. Now more worried for him than herself, she started toward him to see if she could help.
The six-foot-five monster viciously thrust his blade at Robert’s stomach but, with lightning reflexes, Robert seized his wrist and turned the blade aside; with his other hand, he grabbed the hand with the knife and propelled it backward. Kristen heard the crack; the man shrieked. Robert then took hold of the biker’s injured arm and spun him around. He put both arms around his foe’s neck and kicked his legs from underneath him. The man went limp, his neck broken. Robert let the body drop. All this in a few incredibly brutal seconds. There could be no quarter with Kristen’s life at stake.
Bleeding profusely, Robert crouched over to recover the knife, and stumbled toward Kristen as she ran to him. His adrenaline and strength spent, he collapsed into her arms, and the two fell to the ground. Kristen put her hand on Robert’s wound to staunch the bleeding. He grimaced in pain.
The man with the broken leg got to his feet and limped toward them with his knife. Robert, now feeling lightheaded, said, “He’s coming. Run!” He was too weak to throw the knife at the attacker.
“No. I’m not leaving you to die. Get up!”
“I can’t. Please, Krissy. If you stay and he gets us both, I’ve died for nothing. Get away!”
“If you die, I die. I don’t want to live in a world without you.”
Sirens could be heard in the distance, too far away to help in time. He began to lose consciousness. Desperate, Kristen took Robert’s arms and dragged him away from the enraged, injured animal. As the man closed in, Robert murmured, “Run, Krissy.”
Kristen, realizing it was hopeless to get Robert to safety, took the knife from Robert and stepped in between him and the attacker as Robert blacked out. The biker bent over and extracted a gun from the gang leader’s belt. Kristen threw the knife, but missed her target. She then lay across Robert’s body and prayed. Gunshots echoed through the trees.

Chapter Sixteen

Finally

“Krissy! Krissy!” screamed Robert as he awakened in a hospital bed the next morning. “Krissy! Where’s Krissy? Is she dead? Krissy!” Hospital workers struggled to calm him and sedate him. “Krissy!” he yelled in sheer panic. With an orderly holding him down, he was, at last, sedated by the doctor. “Krissy!”
Quickly, the sedative took hold, and he settled down. “Who is Krissy?” asked the doctor as he checked Robert’s sutures.
“Kristen Taylor. Is she …” Robert said as he fell asleep. The nurse, orderly, and doctor went back about their business.
As Robert was waning, Mark was waxing before reporters with his incredible tale of daring as he raced to save an innocent victim of motorcycle gang violence. He had called a press conference to inform the public about the astonishing events the night previous. He began, “I have a lengthy statement to make. Please hold your questions until I’ve completed my statement. Let me warn you that the incident in question was very violent, with several deaths. I’m tired and extremely upset over the bloody outcome, but I feel I need to explain this to assure the public that the worst is over.
“Last evening, as you know, I announced the arrest of the leaders of two rival motorcycle gangs that have been plaguing our city. After the news conference, I offered one of my campaign workers a ride home. I won’t mention her name for the sake of her family, who are legitimately worried about reprisals from the gangs. That’s the way these thugs think.
“While we were driving to her house, at approximately ten-thirty, a biker drove up alongside of my car and smashed out the passenger window, probably with a crowbar. I couldn’t let him get away with that kind of intimidation. If the chief of police looks the other way when he is victimized, we might as well all give in to the violence they cause, even if it was a last act of desperation after they’d already been defeated.
“I followed him into what turned out to be an ambush. He stopped his motorcycle, and I stopped my car to arrest him. Suddenly, eight more bikers drove out of a side road and surrounded my car. I took out my phone to call for backup, but one of them used the crowbar to smash my window. He tried to hit me with it, but I was fortunate enough to grab it and take it from him. In the scuffle, I lost my phone, so I couldn’t call for help. Much worse, as I was fighting for my life, another of the hoodlums pulled my passenger out through the broken window. Now they had a hostage.”
“What did you do?” asked a rapt reporter.
“Of course, my first urge was to get out and rescue my companion, but I realized it would have been hopeless. Outnumbered nine to one by armed ruffians, what were my chances? And they had a hostage that they could threaten at any time to make me back down. My sole course of action was to go for help. I hoped if I got away, they would realize the police were coming soon and they would be hesitant to harm their hostage.
“I floored my vehicle and hit … I’m still not sure if it was one or two of the bikers. Two more of them got on their bikes and pursued me. One of them had a gun and began shooting at me. That complicated the situation enormously. Not only was my life in imminent danger, I couldn’t just drive to the nearest farmhouse to get to a phone, because that would put more innocent lives at risk. So I took a calculated risk. I let them get close to me and hoped their marksmanship was poor.”
A few nervous chuckles pierced the silence of the awestruck crowd.
“Obviously it was, as I stand here before you. When they were just off my rear bumper, I jammed on the brakes. One of them ran into the back of my vehicle. He was thrown over the top and onto the road in front of me. The other avoided my car, but went out of control into the ditch. Fortunately that finished both of them.”
“Finished? Are they dead?”
“One died this morning; the other is seriously injured.”
“What about the hostage? How long did all of this take?” asked an anxious reporter.
“This was no more than five minutes after they kidnapped her. But I still hadn’t been able to call for help. I thought if I could find that gun, I could even the odds in a hurry. Fortunately, it was gleaming in the distance from the light of my headlights. I got the gun, dragged the body off the road, and put a flare there to mark where the injured people were. A motorist came by at that point, and I asked him to phone the provincial police.
“Then I raced back to the scene of the kidnapping. They were down an old, disused road, maybe a hundred meters from where my friend was taken. One of the thugs was unconscious at the entrance to the road, presumably one of my hit and run victims. I looked down the road and saw a fire. I ran down as fast as I could. When I got closer, I realized there had been a great battle there. There were several bodies sprawled on the ground around the fire.”
“What happened there?” “Were they dead?” “Was the hostage dead?” reporters asked.
“Forensic experts are still trying to sort out exactly what happened. We’re not sure yet. As I approached, I saw the hostage was still alive, but there was one biker pointing his gun at her. She was trying to help another man who was also an innocent victim of the gang.”
“What do you mean? They kidnapped him, too?”
“We think he may have been trying to rescue the woman, but didn’t succeed. He’s in the hospital, recovering, and we haven’t been able to speak to him yet.”
“Please, Chief, end the suspense. What happened to your campaign worker?”
“I shot the man aiming at her before he could shoot. She’s alive and recuperating in hospital.”
“Had she been sexually assaulted?”
“She was not raped, but was brutally assaulted. She suffered some scrapes and bruises, but the emotional trauma is more serious. A sexual assault counselor will help her through this.”
“So you ended up saving her and the failed hero to boot.”
“I guess so,” Mark confirmed with a bashful smile.
“What was the condition of the other gang members on the ground?”
“Four were dead; the other had injuries consistent with getting struck by a car, probably my other hit and run victim. Preliminary evidence suggests at least three died from knife wounds.”
The questions continued as the media prepared to make a hero out of Mark Loftus once again. With the election just days away, Mark basked in the glory and thanked his lucky stars.
*
“Gertrude,” observed Mr. Carlton, “paper says the police chief saved some lady and a chump that tried to rescue her, but ended up gettin’ stabbed hisself. Freakin’ loser. Guess I’ll vote for the hero after all.”
*
Kristen had flinched when she heard the report from the gun. For an instant, she expected the bullet to strike her down. When she felt nothing and saw her attacker fall to the ground, she felt more confused than anything. Mark’s hand on her shoulder elicited a scream, but she turned to see his concerned face and realized her deliverance was at hand. He put his jacket around her and attempted to hug her, but she turned away from him. Her single concern at that moment was Robert. Now her skills as a physician would be critical to save his life.
“Kristen, are you okay? What in the name of God happened here?” asked Mark. Police officers streamed into the clearing to check on the bodies and secure the crime scene.
“Is there an ambulance? I need to get him to the hospital right away.” Mark told an officer to get the ambulance to their location at once.
Mark saw who it was. “Did he kill these men? Did he follow us here?” Mark asked.
The ambulance drove up. “Over here!” Kristen said. “I’m a doctor. I need O-negative blood right away.” She barked out her instructions and the attendants obeyed. She toiled to staunch the bleeding and stabilize him for the ambulance ride to the hospital.
“Did they rape you?” Mark asked.
She answered, “They were about to,” while working on Robert’s wound.
“I’m sorry, Kristen.”
Once satisfied he was ready to transport, she signaled the attendants to put Robert on the gurney and take him to the ambulance. She rode with him to the hospital. Once they were underway, she put both her hands, drenched in his blood, to her face and sobbed.
At the hospital, he had to undergo an operation to stop internal bleeding and repair a puncture to his small intestine. By the time the surgery was over, it was 1:45 AM. Mark was doing police work at the station. Kristen called her parents, who rushed to the hospital. While Bill cursed at the absent Mark, Lisa hugged and cried with her daughter.
“You need counseling, honey,” advised Lisa. Her parents had to insist she get medical attention for her injuries, which, fortunately, were superficial.
After getting the necessary treatment, she went to the recovery room, followed by her parents. She sat next to Robert’s bed and gingerly rested her head on his chest so she could hear the reassuring beat of his heart. She fell asleep for a short time, her head rising and falling with his breathing.
Her mother put her hand on Kristen’s shoulder and suggested she come home with them to get needed rest, but she wouldn’t leave. Still with her head on his chest and looking up at his face, she said to the sleeping man, “I’m so sorry you were hurt protecting me. I pray that this doesn’t drive you away from my grasp, even as it makes me more desperate than ever to have you. I love you more than you can ever know. I want you for all time.”
Her parents looked at each other and knew what had been missing from her life. Despite the trauma she experienced that night, they could feel their old Krissy had returned.
Kristen got but two hours of sleep on the chair in Robert’s room that night. Bill got no sleep whatsoever, ready to take on any gang member who might approach his daughter. Mark showed up at six, but Kristen wouldn’t talk to him other than confirming she was through with him.
“I’m sorry, Kristen, but if I tried to take on nine of them by myself, we might both have died. I got four of them and came back for you as soon as I could. You’d be dead if I hadn’t.” She glared at him and walked away without responding. Bill warned him to make sure Kristen’s identity was not released to the media.
Later that morning, she went across the courtyard for her first session with a sexual assault counselor. While there, she heard Robert screaming for her. “Krissy! Krissy!” could be heard through the office window echoing off the surrounding buildings. “Krissy!” She dashed out of the office and the building to his room. By the time she got there, he was asleep, and the doctor was just leaving. She asked what he had given him, got the answer, and sat in the chair again.
Two hours later, he opened his eyes and tried to see through the confusion that clouded his mind. Suddenly he called, “Krissy!”
“I’m here, Bobby,” she answered. He looked and couldn’t believe his eyes: she was all right!
“You’re really here?” he said as he reached out for her. “I’m not dreaming or dead?”
“I’m really here, thanks to you.”
“Let me touch you.” She took his hand and kissed it, and leaned over to kiss his lips. “Are you all right? I saw how those bastards hurt you.” He was talking languidly and slurring a little.
“Physically, I’m okay; just a few cuts and bruises. But I’m still upset and afraid.”
“Those goddamn animals. They deserved to die.” He lowered his head and closed his eyes for a few minutes. Then he roused again.
“I’m sorry to get you into a situation where you had to kill again,” she said.
“Don’t be. There was no choice. I know I killed the four by the fire, but did the other one die? The guy at the top of the road? I fired a rock at his head.”
“I think he’s in critical condition.”
“Are you going to be all right? You should talk to a psychologist.”
“I was talking to one when you called out my name. I heard you and ran.”
“Tell me everything will be okay.” She hugged him and nodded. “Oh, shit. Kara! I left her with Melissa.”
“Mom’s with her. She’s fine.”
“Thank you. I want to see her and Brian. By the way, I’m not feeling particularly hale. Am I expected to live?”
“You should make a full recovery,” she said with a smile. “The knife ruptured your intestine. The surgeons repaired it. You’re on an IV because you can’t eat for a while. We’re giving you antibiotics because there was some leakage from the bowel, which could cause a dangerous infection. You’ll need to rest in bed for a few days.”
He nodded. “So, what happened out there? How did we get away?”
“Mark saved us.”
Robert’s face fell. “How?”
“Just as the man was about to kill us, Mark shot him.”
“He had a gun all along?”
“No, he must have got it off one of the bikers.”
“So, is he your hero now?” Robert said with a half-smile.
She returned a refulgent one. “You followed us to protect me?”
“I thought something might happen as I told you last night.”
“What you did for me was unbelievable,” Kristen said as she stroked his cheek with the back of her fingers. “It was the bravest, most noble deed I can ever imagine.”
“Well, I was trained to handle those situations, though I didn’t quite pull it off. But you were at that monster’s mercy, yet you refused to abandon me. The raw courage that must have taken. Thank you. And you stopped me from bleeding to death, too, I guess.” She nodded. “God, woman, you’re amazing.” The two kissed. “So, how’s Mark handling all this?”
“He’s playing himself up to the media for saving the two of us.”
“That son of a bitch.”
“Yeah, I agree.”
“Did you get a chance to break off the engagement?”
She nodded with a smile. Robert smiled back. She took a deep breath and declared, “I’d love to, Bobby!” recalling the way his mother invited his father’s proposal.
He smiled and said, “You’ll marry me?”
“Yes!” The two lovers kissed.
“Right away, Krissy. I mean like right now, before God finds out and fucks us up again.”
“God made us for each other. We can’t get married with you recovering from a serious injury in the hospital. Can we?”
“Why not? We can have just a small ceremony here. I know it’s not the wedding you dreamed of, but I need to make you mine now.”
“All right. I’ll call my mother, and we’ll make arrangements for tomorrow!”
*
The small ceremony took place three days later. It took that long to make the necessary arrangements and for Robert to recover sufficiently. Kristen was dressed in her mother’s wedding gown. Robert wore his only suit. On Robert’s side were Kara, Kim, Phil, and Brian, who acted as best man. On Kristen’s were her parents, brother, sister-in-law, Miriam as the maid of honor, and George. Brian had retrieved his grandparents’ rings from the trunk.
Robert slipped the engagement ring onto Kristen’s ring finger with a kiss before the ceremony and the wedding ring onto same during the ceremony. She slid his father’s ring onto his finger. They fit perfectly.
As the wedding ended, Bill, playing the part of emcee, said, “Bob, I’m very happy to welcome you to our family, if only so Krissy will stop brooding. I want to warn you of a couple of things as a new husband, though. First, don’t have that second child or your wife will get you neutered.” The assembled laughed.
“Second … um, how to put this? Expect less sex.” More chuckling. “You may have heard of a famous poll that found that twenty-seven percent of women prefer chocolate to sex. Well, I have further breakdowns that may be of interest. It turns out that only ten percent of single women prefer chocolate to sex, but fifty percent of married women prefer chocolate to sex, and seventy-five percent of married women with children prefer chocolate to sex. In fact, sixty percent of married women with children prefer scrubbing toilets to sex. And this is really telling: ninety-nine percent of married women with children prefer chocolate to sex with computer geeks.” Everyone laughed.
“Third, expect all those compliments you’ve heard from her to be replaced by criticism. The only nice thing Lisa ever said to me after we were married was eleven years ago when she told me, ‘You know, in dim light you’re not all that ugly’.” All laughed again.
Wedding night festivities had to be postponed because of Robert’s injuries and Kristen’s too-recent trauma. The couple just cuddled in bed as best they could. It was the most peaceful night she could ever recall. Finally she had her soul mate, and she would never let go.
Five days later, they consummated their union, conceiving the first two of their four children.
Robert and Kristen Owens would have their ups and downs like anyone else, but they spend the rest of their lives loving each other and their children; that’s all that ever mattered, and all that ever will.



END

About the Author



Novelist ROBERT POWER was born in Canada, but raised and educated in the United States. He stayed in university so long, Berkeley eventually gave him a PhD to get rid of him. Working as a consultant from home, he drove his wife crazy until he took up writing fiction in his too-ample spare time. Neither he nor his wife know what they were thinking when they decided to have four children, but they’re happy they do--most days. They live in southern Ontario. Visit his website: rdpower.ca.

Also by R.D. Power

2020

For Power or Love

For Power or Love 2

Forbidden

Thank Sophia for Sam

