





 

The TSAR Trilogy

BOOK II

Tears of War
By
‘Dangerous’ Walker

Copyright Grahame Walker 2013
Published at Smashwords



 
CONTENTS

MORE BOOKS BY THE AUTHOR
FOREWORD
PROLOGUE
TWO EMERGENCY EXITS
THE GUNS OF VESTUL
THE CONVOY OF HALLAN
NO TIME FOR ELVIS
THE CRAP PLAN GANG
OUTMANNED, OUTGUNNED, UNCONCERNED
THE QUEEN OF STROTIUM
PRISONERS OF WAR
THE ANKARIANATOR
THE COST OF WAR
THE MARRIAGE OF JIMMY JAZZ
THE TIGER OF RONTIN AND THE CAVE OF ANCIENTS
AN ENDLESS REST IN THE SPOILS OF WAR
THE FORMATION OF THE UNITED TSAR BATTLE FLEET (Or What You Will)
THE TEARS OF WAR
EPILOGUE
The Library of the Universes (find out more and connect with the author)


 
Books by the Author:

Adventures in Space
The TSAR Trilogy
1.	The Trimedian
2.	Tears of War
3.	Strangers
Pray for Rain

The Book of Five Worlds
1.	The Foreshadow of Balance
2.	Five Tasks
3.	The Road between Gods and Monsters

The Haunting of Berkeley Square
In the Valley of Elah
Southern Hunter
The Library of the Universes (and Other Tales of the 
King Imminent) 
 
FOREWORD

Adventures in Space started life as bedtime stories for a friend’s two boys. It was completely different back then. Except two characters and the Laikans. 
It was not something that could continue and after I had finished those stories one thing remained. The idea that beyond those stories a war was brewing.
Those two boys and those two characters are Dave and Rob Heskin.
They’re all grown up now and it’s been a long time since I saw them, and the personalities of the Heskin Bros in the novel are in no way meant to be a reflection of the real Dave and Rob.
 Still, I hope you like this continuation of those bed time stories…
Types of Life Forms (that means Aliens) you will meet: (extract)

Oncolutians 
How best to describe them? Sitting upon short legs is a big slab of body; wide, but seemingly slightly too thin to contain anything. Rather than continuing up to shoulders upon which are arms, the Oncolutians had decided to scrap any kind of conventional shoulders and instead the arms continued nearly straight upwards to an elbow and then came back down again so that the hands were level with the beings hips. In all each arm must have been close to 6 feet long and were mightily flexible.

Enthusians
Are ridiculously tall, far too tall than is surely good for them, and very thin. The type of thin that mothers want to try to fatten up. 
Generally wear long dark robes with a hood and have faces that appear to be very old, or at least look like they have enough wisdom to have to be very old. 
Enthusians have no real corporeal form, but that made flying space ships a bugger and so their race have chosen this wise demeanour from a human book. 
Warning: All of them look like this, with little variation, even the women. It was very confounding and more than a little disturbing.

Carutes
Their bodies are about twice the size of a basketball and have a number of tentacles underneath. Some shorter and like an octopus’ arms, some longer and thinner like a jellyfishes tentacles. On either side of its head/body were two sets of eyes, one set slightly forward the others set slightly back, all four about the size and shape of a tennis ball.
Being maritime creatures they travel around in floating ‘bowls’ of water. 
Warning: Please do not tap on the glass. It annoys them. 

Greys
 Oh, come on, you know what I mean: grey skin, upside down teardrop head, big black eyes, predilection to anal probes. Except they don’t. You put one thing in the wrong place once and you’re tarred for life.
 They manage to speak out loud without moving his mouth. I’d say lips, but you’ve all seen the drawings; they have very small mouths, not much there to call lips. 
Suffice to say kissing never really took off in their culture.



Merrick
Merrick would remind you Earthens of elephants, though they had tiny ears and their trunk-like nose only hung to their breast and was wider than an elephants, starting as it did at their cheeks. The Victorians called these Merricks as no one could pronounce their actual name.

Petruthsians
The Petruthsian are a race of large, less slimy slug like creatures who can rise up on their stubby tails to use a number of tentacles. They were vicious traders with a sharp eye to turning a space pound out of anything.

Cantorvials
Cantorvials could be described as a cross between a Human and a tiger. They stood upright a lot like a Human, but their body and face was a lot like a tigers, except completely bare of fur. Their bodies were rippling with muscles and whiter than an Englishman who’s spent all his time indoors. Let’s just say Albinos felt rosy next to a Cantorvial.

Reutorgians
Reutorgians have a body that is long and thin and might make you think of the common pencil; it even ends at a pointy tail. They have spindly arms and legs and a head shaped like a soda can and are taller than most other races.

Tarancorts
Tarancorts might remind an Earthen of a giraffe. They had a very similar head and a long neck that bent in an S shape so that their heads sat forward of, and level with, their shoulders. However, their skin was made up of large, tough plates that met each other at grooves. They were an odd race in that they were split almost 50/50. Some were mean and vicious, while others were very peaceful. Great architects and painters too.

Byfrok
Byfrok could be described as somewhere between ants and Humans. They had two legs like a Human, but then their body was shaped to accommodate another two sets of arms that ended in pincers that could be used as feet. So ‘arms’ wasn’t an entirely accurate description. The body came to a point between the two pairs of ‘arms’ so that the thorax was an hour glass shape and could swivel like a second pair of hips. The head was neither ant nor Human, it was an ovoid, like a stretched out egg, with a small mouth on one end, much larger nostrils flat to the head and eyes on the side that stuck out so it could look forwards.


Jobru
Jobru sat on three long tentacles a lot like an octopus’. Their bodies were reminiscent of a chubby baby’s with long arms that ended in three-pincered hands. Their head was oddly small for their bodies with small eyes, but a distending jaw and large nostrils. They were originally water based creatures, but were equally happy out of it.

Zorblids
Zorblids had a head shaped very much like a hammerhead shark, but with bigger eyes and less bitey-bitey teeth. Their bodies were humanoid and they had a small bony protrusion on their hips, shaped like a hook and they could hook their skin onto it and pull it out with their hands to form wings with which they could fly, though only from a high object. To help this their hands and feet were like a monkey’s, which they used to quickly ascend trees from which to take off.

From: A Brief Guide to the Universe for Earthens


 
PROLOGUE

The room was bright and airy, nah, just kidding, it was dimly lit and the figures sitting in a circle in the middle of the room were quiet as they waited for the projector to rise from the ground. When it had, it cunningly projected an image of the Laikan Commandant so that he appeared to be looking at you wherever you sat.
“Gentlemen, I will keep this short as I am a busy man, as you will be too, soon enough. We are the Alliance of Rebellious Space Entities and this is a declaration of war.”
“Really?” asked Sir Jeffery. There were sniggers from around the circle.
“What?” demanded the Commandant and then paused to think. “Damn you all! We will no longer be subjugated, we will destroy you.”
And with that the image disappeared.
“Oh dear,” said Fong-Gan from his fish bowl.
“Indeed,” mused Hopkirk.
***
“Those UTN scum will pay,” shouted a somewhat irate Commandant. “Send out the ships!” 
The ship’s commanders got the message and as one went into lightspeed to the nearest star-gate; leaving ‘slightly cramped’ to become space once more.
***
The Second Laikan War had begun, the Universe was officially at war; altogether it wasn’t a good day to get out of bed. Like Tuesdays.


 
TWO EMERGENCY EXITS

Trillo had gone on ahead to prepare; in a way he was in a state of shock. Dreams don’t often come true, in fact it seems the longer you hold a dream the less likely it is to come true. But Trillo’s dream had come true, he had Darkstaar in his hands and he couldn’t quite believe it. His mind whirled with all the different things he could do. 
Who should he start with? Maybe the Indian, he might take quite a while, maybe a whole day’s work. And what should he start with? The Mengalin Twister or Schreinold’s Box? Maybe some time in The Carutan Pool of Death. Hmm, so much to do, so little time. So little time before he would be called up to the WAR that was even now starting. 
And this gave Trillo pause. He wasn’t really sure about this WAR, he couldn’t put his finger on it, but there was something amiss. He wasn’t terribly high up in the ranks and so didn’t know the full reasoning behind the WAR and that niggled him. Why had they suddenly chosen to fight the UTN? There didn’t seem to be a reason, or more so that the reason was being kept a secret from him and perhaps most of his brethren. 
Most Laikans, and no doubt their allies, bought into the routine about oppression, about being stuck at the edge of the Universe, about being the workhorse of the UTN, of others getting rich off of Laikan backs. About how it was time to forcefully take a larger role in the Universe. Take the power that they would never be given. 
But Trillo didn’t fall for that, after all, most of the reasons behind the Laikan situation arose from the First Laikan War. They were stuck at the edge of the Universe because they had been pushed there in a large counter attack by the UTN forces.
They lacked power in the UTN because their leaders refused to be bound by the legalities of the Council. And were others getting rich off Laikan backs? Well yes, but that also included the Laikans who owned the mining companies. For all his grand speeches the Commandant was by no means poor, had no interaction with the common Laikans, nor did he want any. No, this WAR wasn’t about anger for his people’s situation; it was for the same reason any war starts, power and greed. But why did the Commandant think he could wrest power now? Why start an all-out war instead of focusing on one galaxy at a time, the kind of war that the UTN would leave as a domestic squabble? For someone who was more or less a glorified bounty hunter, he wasn’t stupid and he wanted answers to his questions. But that would have to wait.
For he, Trillo, had work to focus on. Blood work. 
***
Whilst Trillo prepared, his mind racing around, our intrepid heroes were being led down a grey, featureless corridor to the torture chambers. Chase Darkstaar, one time intergalactic hitman and general rogue; Julianna, one time bar girl and taker of no shabbus. Milk, the giant reluctant Indian; Dr. Hendricks, Laikan archaeologist and one time fighter pilot and Jimmy Jazz, the mechanic who was once Chase’s best friend. 
They had an armed escort of four, two behind two ahead and had their hands tied behind their backs.
“What’s the difference between a chamber and a room?” Chase mused happily.
“We be about to find out,” Jimmy replied.
“I suppose torture room doesn’t have the same ring,” Chase said.
“Remember in Ictopia when we were captured?” Dr. Hendricks quietly asked Julianna. “You said you were good with ropes.”
“I am,” she replied taking her hands out from behind her back, twisting left and delivering an elbow to the Laikan’s stomach behind her. 
As it doubled, she grabbed it’s gun as at the same time Chase also brought his unbound hands up, reached around and delivered a chop to the Laikan’s windpipe, grabbing it’s gun at the same time. Julianna and Chase shot the other two guards simultaneously. The whole action had taken less than five seconds.
“How do you do that?” asked an astonished Dr. Hendricks as they untied the others.
“The Cortian Knot Trick™?” asked Chase untying Jimmy.
“You can do it too?” 
“Who do you think taught her?” he replied with a grin.
“I’m disappointed, you said you were good with knots,” Hendricks protested at her.
“She is, Doc, lots of people know how, but only five people in the Universe, as far as I know, can do it,” Chase explained, “Milk’s been trying for years to master it.”
He nodded over to the big Indian who was currently squirming and struggling behind his back.
“Ok, valkswagon, I give up, untie me,” he fumed.
Jimmy went and untied him asking, “What be de plan?”
“Get the hell out of here,” Julianna put bluntly.
“Not so fast,” Chase mused.
“Oh now what?” bemoaned Milk rubbing his wrists.
“This is a golden opportunity, isn’t it?”
“For what? Getting recaptured?”
“The Laikans believe they have the Trimedian, or at least have stopped the UTN getting their hands on it. If they haven’t declared war by now, they will soon.”
“And we happen to be in their headquarters,” Julianna spoke.
“Where all their plans will be,” agreed Chase.
“Right, so what do we do?” asked Hendricks.
“We need to get Jimmy’s computer back and then we need to tap into the computers and download anything we think will be of use.”
***
Andrew Forster, former President of the United States and newest member of the Great Council was back on Earth, and as much as he dreamt of seeing his wife and children, was at 10 Downing Street with the Prime Minister, Defosimo and Ateksos, the two Grey aliens charged as advisors. 
“War?” asked the PM again.
“Yes, war. Well, more like WAR.”
“And you two knew about this did you?” he asked the aliens.
“In a way, yes,” replied Defosimo.
“In what way?”
“In that we knew,” clarified Ateksos.
“Well what do we do now?” the PM asked Forster.
“Two things: one, we don’t tell anyone, two: except the military.”
“The military? Do you really think we’ll be attacked?” the PM worried.
“Who knows? Probably not; but we need to be prepared and we need to get the world’s armed forces ready for adventures in space.”
“It’ll leak,” the PM pointed out.
“It will, but only that the military is learning how to use space craft. Nothing wrong with that.”
“True.”
“We have already organised a meeting,” Defosimo chirped up.
“Indeed, we best be off,” Ateksos said, “time is now of the essence.”
***
Indeed time was of the essence as A.R.S.E forces entered into the nearest galaxies for the first phase of the WAR PLAN. It sounds more ominous in capital letters, no? It’s safe to say that none of the galaxies in the Universe were prepared, they had only just gotten the message that a war had started. 
Except the nearest galaxies to Tegariff Major, who were armed and ready, well, armed and not ready. The UTN had managed to get Naval fleets out despite the Laikan’s best efforts to stop them. Across the galaxies Planet Defence Guns boomed, fighters and bombers launched and those in charge sat in the bridges of the battleships and tried to work out how to not lose too badly. Or at least look good doing it.
***
Deep in enemy territory our heroes were trying to remember where they were and how they got there. What they needed to do was to get back down to the basement, find the console and find out where their stuff would be stored. And that meant stairs.
If they could find them.
“Haven’t we been here before?” asked Julianna.
“Everything’s possible,” Chase noted.
“You are far too chipper about all of this,” decried Milk.
“It could be worse,” Chase shrugged.
“Considering from the moment we left Earth till now I would say ‘could’ is not the word.”
“‘Will’ is probably better,” the Doc chimed in.
“Exactly, so there’s no point worrying about it.”
“Fact,” noted Jimmy.
Since declaring war the Laikans were all in their offices and control rooms trying to organise their forces and this meant the corridors were thankfully deserted. 
“We’re going to try and find Laikan WAR PLANS, yes?”
“That’s right, Doc,” Chase assured.
“What do you think those plans are?”
They came to a windowed control room, had a peep in and then crawled past below the window.
On the other side Chase continued.
“Dunno, Doc, hopefully we’ll find out their targets.”
“What do you think they’ll be?” asked Julianna.
“Usual stuff, strategic galaxies, places with high natural resources.”
“My guess is dat dey will go after anyt’ing dat can be used as a bargaining chip later. Give ‘em more power in de Council.”
“Would make sense,” agreed Chase. “Ahh, stairs.”
They descended the stairs.
And descended.
And descended.
And descended.
“I hate stairs,” bemoaned Julianna.
“Keeping you fit,” said Chase without looking back at her.
“But we’ve done this once already.”
“Look who’s complaining. I got beat up for my role in our stupid plan,” exclaimed Milk.
“Fair point,” conceded Julianna.
“Hey, it’s not stupid, just, er, loose.”
“Right, ‘loose’.”
And descended.
And descended.
And descended.
And finally reached the basement of computers.
***
Jimmy peeked in and could see a couple of technicians busy fixing the laser damage of the recent fight.
“I can see two,” he whispered back at them, “but dat don’t mean dere ain’t more.”
“OK, we’ll sneak in and split up, sweep the room,” whispered Chase.
They decided against cleaning and instead a-snuck into the room and crouch walked through the banks of computers. Jimmy snuck up behind the closest technician, picked up a spanner and knocked him out. Yep, no amount of technology will ever make spanners redundant. The APOCALYPSE? Just spanner wielding cockroaches left.
Chase took out the other one they could see using the butt of his recently liberated laser machinegun. Only Julianna found another technician and took him out the same as Chase. Milk nearly shot Dr. Hendricks when they backed into each other.
“Clear,” shouted Chase.
“Clear,” returned Milk.
“Should we be shouting?” shouted Julianna.
“I’m at de terminal,” shouted Jimmy.
***
Trillo stood in the middle of the torture chamber looking around at his set up, he considered moving Schreinold’s Box again, but realised he’d never have it perfect. He’d hoped for this moment for so long that now he was fretting over it instead of savouring it. He had been so absorbed in getting everything perfect that he didn’t think about how long it was taking for the guards to bring his victims to him.
Until now.
A leaking dread started to fill, what had happened? It could be anything, but let’s face it, they had probably escaped.
Trillo ran out of the room and tore down a corridor whilst radioing the guards. Nothing but static and Trillo picked up the pace.
***
“How long before they find the guards we hid?” asked Dr. Hendricks as Jimmy fiddled with the terminal.
“I would think Trillo must have realised we’re not showing up today,” Chase said looking over Jimmy’s shoulder.
“We can’t get stuck in here again,” Julianna pointed out.
“True, get your groove on, Jimmy,” Chase agreed.
Jimmy was looking through directories of rooms trying to find some sort of storage, but it could take forever.
COMPUTER, ANY IDEA WHERE THEY ARE KEEPING THE BELONGINGS OF THE PRISONERS?
WHICH PRISONERS?
CHASE DARKSTAAR AND HIS GANG.
OH, I’VE HEARD OF HIM. FAMOUS HITMAN, RIGHT?
YEAH.
LOTS OF INFORMATION ON HIM IN HERE; TRILLO SPENT A LONG TIME SEARCHING FOR HIM.
“That’s interesting,” mused Chase, “can we get that info?”
“Not without my computer.”
COMPUTER, WE’RE KIND OF IN A HURRY, ANY IDEAS?
ABOUT WHAT?
ABOUT THE BELONGINGS OF THE PRISONERS?
OH, RIGHT. THEY’RE IN THE LOCK UP ON LEVEL 42.
COULD YOU SHOW ME A MAP?
The computer did so and Jimmy did his best to memorise it.
“Let’s get the hell out of here,” Milk said urgently.
***
Trillo’s mind was spinning at an alarming rate, he had to get Darkstaar back, but if he notified anyone the Commandant would find out and he would be dead. There was only one thing for it; he was going to have to get the hell out of Dodge. Well, Tegariff Major anyway.
***
Our heroes had decided to throw caution to the wind, who caught it and threw it back, so they decided just to be less cautious. The point being that they took a lift up to level 42 and if anyone tried to get in, they’d have to shoot them. Nobody did though; everyone was far too busy being at WAR. Sofas were now officially banned in Laikan HQ.
“If my memory serve me well, we need be going down dis corridor ‘bout a hundred metres,” Jimmy told them as they got out of the lift.
***
By now Trillo wasn’t the only one who had noticed the missing guards and other guards went looking for them. Trillo himself was making his way out of the building to get to the hanger as our heroes were gathering up their belongings.
***
The Great Council was sitting in silence. They had scrambled the Navy which was already on it’s way to the galaxies under attack. The Laikans thought they had the advantage of surprise against an ill prepared UTN, but the Great Council had expected WAR and the Navy was in better shape than the Laikans thought. Sadly, as often is the case in war, they put their WAR PLANS over innocent lives. They didn’t want to show their strength until the Laikans declared war and so had not sent extra Naval forces to any galaxies except to those nearest Tegariff Major. Of course they had refortified the defences of the planet Tookkon where the Council and the UTN’s headquarters resided. 
Once Kings had led their armies to battle, but then someone had invented bunkers and radios and Kings and generals decided it was a lot better for all involved if they led from a safe place. Preferably miles away.
There was something else though that the Great Council knew, or at least suspected, and if they were right it gave them the upper hand. The upper hand of knowing the Laikan’s WAR PLAN and the ability to strategically deploy the Navy. Something that was happening even now.
“And if we’re wrong?” asked Mark gesturing with his super long arms.
“Then our forces will be in the wrong place,” said Hopkirk.
“It’s a big risk,” added George the Albertine.
“A risk we agreed to take,” reminded Hikcet. “Has protection been sent to Earth?”
“It has,” said Sir Jeffery. “They are being trained to fly space ships; we began constructing Planet Defence Guns a while back and we are currently flying military generals and advisors here along with Andrew.”
“Then we wait and watch to see how things develop, if we are wrong we must be ready to redeploy our troops,” said Hopkirk.
“I hope we’re right,” said Mark.
***
Back at Laikan headquarters our heroes were once again in the basement at the computer terminal. Well, Jimmy and Chase were at the terminal, the others were at the door to the computer room shooting at Laikans.
The dead guards had been discovered, Trillo had been sent for and couldn’t be found, alarms had been sounded and Chase and the gang were once again stuck in the basement.
“Any faster?” Chase pushed.
“It can only download so fast,” Jimmy shot back. “You wanted dis information, we could be gone by now.”
“OK, OK. Hey, can you get that info on me too?”
“You want to stay here longer?”
“Come on, man, I know nothing of my past,” Chase said softly and his friend looked at him. 
“OK, mon.”
“Can we get a move on?” screamed an unseen Julianna.
“It can only download so fast, you know,” Chase called back.
“So how are we gonna get out?” Jimmy asked him tapping at the computer. 
“Dunno,” Chase shrugged. “Ask the computer.”
Jimmy looked at him, eyebrows raised, and then turned back to the screen.
COMPUTER, IS THERE ANYWAY OUT OF HERE?
THERE’S THE DOOR.
YES, BUT ANY OTHER WAY OUT?
OTHER THAN THE EMERGENCY EXIT?
“There’s an emergency exit? How did we not see that before?”
“Weren’t looking for it, were we,” replied Jimmy.
“Turns out there’s an emergency exit,” Chase shouted.
“Well where is it?” Milk shouted back over laser fire.
“Dunno!”
“Well find it, you idiot,” shouted Julianna.
“OK, OK, calm down. Yeesh.”
“I’m going to shoot you,” she hollered back.
“Women, huh?” Chase said to Jimmy and went in search of the door.
***
Trillo got to the hanger unspotted; he had ignored the calls to his radio and hoped they would think he had been killed by Darkstaar. He had heard on his radio of the guard’s unconscious state and that Darkstaar had been found again. He had stopped at that news and wondered whether to go back, pretend he’d been knocked out or something. But then he would still get the blame for Darkstaar’s original escape, he would get blamed for not being able to capture him in the first place. He’d get blamed for the tea getting cold and the oceans insistence on lapping at the shore.
He went to his ship.
***
“Found it,” Chase called.
“About bloody time,” Milk was heard to shout. 
Jimmy joined him at the painfully obvious door marked ‘EMERGENCY EXIT’. A few moments later Julianna joined them as Chase opened the door. She went through machinegun first as Dr. Hendricks joined them and Jimmy followed Julianna through. Finally Milk came, still blasting until he couldn’t see the door, then he and Chase made an emergency exit.
They ran up a flight of stairs.
Stairs that led them up to an open square in the ground, a square that opened up to what seemed a vast expanse of absolutely no cover whatsoever and a good distance from the hanger. Thankfully for the excitement of the story there were a good number of Laikans in-between our heroes and the aforementioned hanger.
“OK, Milk stay here and keep those Laikans in the computer room,” Milk headed back down and started blasting through the door. “The rest of you get ready to run as soon as I start shooting.”
Chase popped his head back over the edge, the Laikans were moving cautiously towards the entrance, also aware of their lack of cover. Suddenly out of the ground appeared an Earthen who unleashed a volley of lasers from his machinegun; as they dived to the floor more Earthens and a Laikan appeared and began sprinting toward the hanger. One Laikan rolled and took aim at the fleeing woman; he got a shot past her shoulder before Chase took him down. Julianna turned and fired back at the Laikans who were now desperately scrambling to get out of the cross fire. Some braver ones tried to do their duty and fired back from a crouch, the air becoming criss-crossed with lasers. 
“Can’t hold them off much longer,” shouted Milk.
Julianna, Jimmy and Hendricks reached the hanger and Julianna took cover and kept blasting.
“Get to the ship and get it going,” she commanded the others.
“OK, Milk, let’s bust a move,” shouted Chase and he let Milk sprint ahead of him as he gave more covering fire, then turned and blasted two Laikans appearing through the door. With that he sprinted through the laser fire, firing wildly in every direction he could.
Arriving at the hanger, leaving smouldering Laikan bodies behind, Chase and Julianna followed Milk to the ship and darted up the ramp. As soon as they were in, Hendricks took the ship up and blasted out of the atmosphere as the sun was rising over Laika. All in all quite an exciting night. Though, to be fair, I prefer sleeping.


THE GUNS OF VESTUL

The Wild Rover rocketed through space and in the cabin everyone slowly deflated; their mission was done, they had survived and hopefully all in time to stop the WAR.
For now the Laikans were too busy with their WAR PLANS to be able to send ships after The Wild Rover and Chase slowed the ship.
“What’re you doing?” Milk asked. “Let’s hit the star-gate and get these plans to The Great Council.”
“Calm down, we have time and I don’t know about you but I could just take a few minutes to enjoy the fact that I’m still alive.”
“Yes, it’s quite incredible, isn’t it?” asked Dr. Hendricks. “All clear in the big blue as we used to say.”
“Yeah? What does it mean?” Jimmy asked.
“From the first war, meant the sky was clear of invading forces,” he explained.
“What about in space?” Chase asked.
“People said ‘all clear in the deep black, but it never caught on in the same way. Not as catchy.” 
“Well there you go, learn a new thing. Let’s get a secure channel to the Great Council,” sighed Chase and Jimmy punched in the digits.
***
In the Great Council the light bulbs kept doing what they did best: not a lot, but the room was lit now by a screen floating in the middle of the chairs. In the screen they could see Chase Darkstaar grinning at them.
“So you have the Trimedian plans,” said Hopkirk.
“Yep, mission successful, we’re coming your way anytime now.”
“Well hurry it up then,” said Mark.
“Not so fast, there’s a war going on out there, what’s the situation?”
“Does it matter?”
“These are just plans, you’re not going to have your weapon just yet.”
“Very well,” said Hikcet, “the Laikans are attacking some of their nearest galaxies, no doubt trying to expand their territory before pushing on to face the UTN.”
Chase turned away from the screen and seemed to be listening to someone.
“When you say the nearest galaxies, does that include Chinap?”
“Look, what’s important is to get the plans here. Now,” said George, the Albertine.
“What’s important, if you want these plans, is to tell me the situation in Chinap,” scowled Chase.
“OK, OK,” said Sir Jeffery, “it seems not so good, the Laikans have the core planet of Vestul under siege. An attack force has gotten down to the planet and taken control of the Planet Defence Guns in the city of Jonto, giving the siege free reign on that side of the planet. We expect the galaxy to fall unfortunately,” he finished with a frown.
“Get in touch with the defence force; tell them we’re coming to help.”
“What? Absolutely not,” demanded Fong-Gan, “you come here with the plans.”
“Jimmy’ll send them to you.”
“No, it might not be safe, just come here.”
“Sorry, boss, we’ll be with you in an hour or so. Now notify that defence force; I don’t want to get blown up by the good guys. Time to go save Chubbs.”
***
The Great Council sat silently for a while lost in their own thoughts, hopes and fears. They had a lot to hope for, but a lot to fear before any hopes could be realised.
A man in UTN uniform entered quietly.
“Sirs.”
“What is it?” Hopkirk asked agitatedly.
“You wanted personal communiqué when the probes were about to be launched.”
“So?” asked Fong-gan equally rudely.
“Well, the probes are about to be launched,” the man stated.
“Right,” said Hopkirk. “And the procedure is set?”
“Yes, sir. We are sending a staggered volley. The first to reach its appointed distance will record and implode. If it records nothing the rest will continue. Each will record and implode until something is recorded and then all behind it will implode.”
“Very good, lieutenant, and what are the chances of the probes being detected?” Mark, the Oncolutian asked.
“The boys in the lab say very slim. A probe would only appear on radar very briefly if at all.”
“Very good,” Hikcet said. “You may go.”
The lieutenant left the room.
“We play a dangerous game, if a probe is spotted they will know we are prepared,” Sir Jeffery said.
“We are not prepared,” George pointed out testily.
“The risks are great, but so are the rewards,” Hopkirk reminded them.
“As is the price,” Sir Jeffery muttered bitterly.
***
The Wild Rover arrived through its own star-gate and immediately the Lechance moved into attack position. Those in the cabin couldn’t believe what they were seeing; the space around Vestul was filled with large Laikan cruisers, bombarders and motherships as well as bombers and small attack ships. The UTN were up there too, but they didn’t have the numbers or the size of ships that the attackers had and without the Planet Defence Guns, could do little damage.
As The Wild Rover sped into the action it was a different story. The cruisers and motherships were so huge it was like fighting in city blocks as fighters, bombers and Missile ships whizzed around blasting at each other.
“Milk, Julianna, you know what to do; Jimmy get on the radio and talk to whoever’s in charge, find out the situation.”
The Wild Rover ducked and weaved laser blasts as Julianna and Milk got into attack positions and took control of the Merrill guns. The Merrill guns were orbs that ejected from the ship and could whizz around the small gravitational field. 
They blasted along one of the Laikan cruisers and Julianna concentrated her fire on the anti-fighter guns on the hull while Milk was blasting at fighters.
“This is The Wild Rover?”
“Tis, ma’am, we here to help,” Jimmy told the woman on the screen.
“So we were told, I am Admiral of Combined Chinap Forces, Commander Jenkins, and frankly I don’t like the idea of rogues, but we need all the help we can get.”
Chase pulled the ship away from the cruiser and Milk took out a Laikan fighter before it destroyed a Chinap Missile ship. Julianna concentrated on destroying the fighters that were now noticing their newly arrived heavily fire-powered ship.
“The main problem is Laikans have taken the PDGs on this side making us defenceless to their bombardments.”
Chase led the ship toward the bombarders as flurries of laser danced around. 
“We’ll see what we can do up here and then come down,” Chase said.
“I don’t see how that will help, I was told your ship was a help for firepower.”
“We need to find someone on de surface,” Jimmy said, “so might as well see if we can help.”
“I need you to put me in touch with a bomber,” Chase said as he tried to fly under a huge bombarder, but the small anti-fighter guns were too heavy. 
“I’ll put you through to the Heskin brothers,” she said and the screen went blank only to be replaced with an image of a younger, blonde man with short spiky hair.
“This is Rob Heskin in the bomber ‘Salvation’.”
“Dis be Jimmy Jazz, co-pilot of De Wild Rover and I believe we be needing yo’ help destroying some bombarders.”
Heskin laughed. 
“Right, like we haven’t been trying to do that. The anti-fighters are too heavy.”
“That’s where we come in,” Chase said as The Wild Rover dived through a maelstrom of fighters, the Merrill guns whirring around the ship blasting at all things Laikan. “We’ll go in first and open up a bombing run for you.”
“Like I said, we tried,” Heskin started.
“Yes, you tried, but we didn’t; now follow our beacon and arm up,” Chase interrupted.  
***
Within seconds the Salvation bomber came into view. Though a lot smaller than The Wild Rover it was considerably bigger than the fighters and Missile ships with a cockpit that contained the pilot and co-pilot/bombardier seated behind. The rest of the ship was engines and bombs. Under the cockpit that sat at the front of the nose was another protrusion so that the front of the ship was the shape of an ‘e’, at the tip was the radar and bomb laser guidance or BLG. The BLG shone a wide beam of laser on a target giving that area a trace sense that the bombs would be attracted to. This meant that in space the bomber could actually drop bombs upwards, which is exactly what Chase needed.
“What the hell is that ship?” Heskin asked incredulously.
“For anudder time,” Jimmy told him.
The massive FOBG Bombardier on the bottom of the Bombarder let off a huge laser blast at Vestul. The shock from the laser buffeted both UTN ships.
“OK, time to make that run. Salvation stay behind us and get that BLG trained on the FOBG. Milk, Julianna you’re gonna train the Merrills on the anti-fighters.”
“What about using our FOBG?” Julianna asked.
“No, you’re gonna have to watch for fighters too.”
“Great,” said Milk. 
“We’ll do our best to keep fighters at bay,” Heskin said. 
“Cool,” said Jimmy.
“OK, here we go.”
Chase pulled The Wild Rover into a wide arc as the Merrill guns continued to spin and blast fighters. The Salvation had a smaller FOBG mounted to its top and it too began firing. The two ships flew in line under the Bombarder from close to its back boosters and the anti-fighters opened up in a hail of laser. Julianna and Milk brought their Merrill guns to bear and started blasting them as Chase dodged and weaved; all the while trying to narrate his moves for the following Salvation. Both ships weaved along under the giant ship, the Merrill guns blasting the anti-fighters while the Salvation blasted at enemy fighters.
“Fighter coming in, missed him!” shouted Heskin.
Milk spun his gun away and blasted the fighter before deftly floating it back to attack the guns.
“Nice one,” said Heskin. 
“You have a BLG lock on de gun yet?”
“Just a bit closer.”
The two ships were almost lost in laser fire as they approached the giant gun whose pivot base took up the middle third of the ship and the gun itself was half the length of the ship.
“OK, got initial lock, but to do anything we need to bathe the whole pivot.”
“No problems, getting closer,” said Chase.
The pivot was bristling with guns and Julianna and Milk were sweating with the effort of trying to hit everything. 
“Only one chance,” Chase warned.
“On it,” replied Heskin, “Making our bombing run, thanks for the assist.”
The Salvation slowed marginally and flipped upside down, this gave the Bomb Laser Guidance a better target swathe and Rob Heskin shone it wide, covering all of the pivot he could as his brother sped toward the pivot, dodging now reduced laser fire.
“OK, we have a good swathe, as good as we’ll get. Take us on the final run and make it count.”
“No sweat, little bro, here we go,” said Dave, his older brother. 
The Salvation swept, upside down, under the pivot and as it reached the gun itself had to travel down along the barrel. Rob Heskin released a salvo of high explosive cluster bombs which strangely flew out of the bomb bays and up through space to attach to the area around the pivot.
Dave Heskin brought the ship down along the massive gun barrel and righted the ship, accelerating as the first bombs went off. 
Cluster bombs were just that, a cluster where each bomb was timed differently so that the first bombs would breach a hull and other bombs would then go off inside the ship. On the massively plated pivot base many just detonated across the surface taking out anti-fighter guns, but a number had attached to the actual pivot and they ripped it to shreds as hundreds of explosions went off. But still the gun remained attached.
“Valkswagon,” shouted Rob Heskin. “We failed, repeat, it’s a negative,” as the Salvation wheeled out into space. 
“It’ll pull itself off if it fires again,” said Dave.
“Yeah, but why let it fire again?” Chase asked over the radio. 
The Heskin brothers watched as The Wild Rover sped toward the pivot with its FOBG out, Milk at the controls. Chase pulled his ship in an arc and Milk threw the FOBG up toward the pivot and fired. There was a brief, but huge explosion and as The Wild Rover arced away the huge gun silently floated away from the ship leaving a great rent in the pivot base. A UTN Missile ship had not been oblivious to this and sped in, firing two missiles into the rent before a Laikan fighter blew it up. It was too late and in the oxygenated ship the missiles exploded, ship windows lighting up with fire and explosions and the great Bombarder Class was finished. 
“Yes,” cried Rob. “Nice shooting!”
“Milk say t’anks, but it was the unnamed Missile pilot dat be de hero.”
“Good job, everyone,” Chase came over the radio. “We’ll toast his heroism in Fiddler’s Green, for now we need to get to the surface.”
“What? There’s still another Bombarder up here,” Rob said.
“And when we get the PDGs up and running they’ll take care of it; we need to find a friend.”
“We’re coming down with you.”
“No, you’re better off staying up here.”
“Well, we’re not famous for following orders and you guys seem way more fun to hang out with,” Dave Heskin said and both ships accelerated toward the planet of Vestul.
***
They landed at the military base at the city of Jonto, the world capital, and what they had seen coming though the atmosphere was depressing and alarming. Great chunks of the city were destroyed by the Laikan Bombarders and the city was full of smoke, fire and scattering people.
“How are we going to find Mr. MacFarlane?” asked Dr. Hendricks.
“Good question, Doc, I dunno,” mused Chase.
“Great,” muttered Milk.
“Such little faith, Milkster.”
“I think the priority is to get the Planet Defence Guns back in the hands of the military,” Julianna said.
“Juli be right,” agreed Jimmy.
***
They grabbed machineguns, got out of the ship and walked over to two young men in flight suits. One was taller with brown, floppy hair and maybe two years older than the other. It was this man who spoke first.
“Dave Heskin, UTN Space Navy,” he extended a hand and Chase took it.
“Chase Darkstaar, nice flying up there.”
“Thanks, but wouldn’t have been anything without you and that ship.”
“She be a beaut, no?” Jimmy asked.
“Never seen anything like it. Rob Heskin.”
“Good bombing there, Rob. This is Jimmy Jazz, the beautiful one is Julianna, the furry one is Doctor Hendricks and the sullen one is Milk,” they all shook hands.
“So what’s the plan?” asked Rob.
“Free the PDGs from Laikan hands.”
“Back to the ships?” asked Dave.
“No, let’s get some land transport; I wanna look out for Chubbs.”
“Who?”
“Never mind,” said Chase. “Plus I don’t think we can just go in shooting, probably too many people and we don’t want those guns hit.”
They found and procured an APC with gun turret and Chase let Dave drive with Rob in the cab while the rest sat in the back. Except for Jimmy who took the double barrelled heavy laser.
“I can’t believe this is happening,” Julianna said.
“What?” Chase asked.
“This war, I mean we knew it was coming, but still…”
“I agree,” Dr. Hendricks nodded, pipe, unlit, clamped between his teeth. “It is all so sudden.”
“You’ve been in war before though, Doc,” Milk said.
“Well, yes, but that doesn’t make it any easier to fathom.”
“We can travel all over the Universe,” Julianna said, “and yet we still can’t solve our problems without fighting. Aren’t we better than this yet?”
“Apparently not,” Chase said.
***
They pulled to a halt five minutes later and Chase squeezed into the cab. Through the window he could see soldiers hiding behind parked cars and the temporary blockades they had set up. Beyond them stretching into the sky were the huge Planet Defence Guns. Laser fire was volleyed back and forth from the defending Laikans and the UTN soldiers, but it didn’t look like the soldiers were going to attack.
“OK, so I’m guessing the Laikans are heavily defended and outnumber the soldiers, stopping an assault,” said Chase.
“Looks that way,” agreed Rob.
“I don’t believe it,” exclaimed Chase and disappeared out the back door. 
He got back in two minutes later with a soldier.
“Chubbs?” exclaimed Julianna.
“What the hell are you doing here?” exclaimed Milk.
“I cannot believe we found you, old boy,” exclaimed Dr. Hendricks.
 And then there was a moment of silence as everyone was exclaimed out. I mean, seriously, what are the chances? I generally can’t find my car keys.
“What are you guys doing here?” asked Chubbs into the vacuum of used exclamation.
“Looking for you, Chubbs,” said Chase, “what are you doing here?”
“I found them.”
“Who?”
“My wife and son,” he bemoaned.
“Well, where are they, Chubbs?” asked Hendricks.
It was here that Chubbs fell apart. He began to sob and look around at each of them.
“I, I can’t believe, I mean, you’re all here, no, where’s Jimmy?”
“Up here, Chubbs, good to see you again, mon.”
“Oh, you’re all here, and I, well, I, oh.”
“It’s OK, Chubbs,” Julianna soothed and gave him a hug. “Tell us what happened.”
“I asked, you know, I asked around and, oh, she works at the PDG and, and, and school’s closed so she took little Mikey, that’s my son, she took him to work, he’s ten now,” Chubbs gave a long hard sob. “Ten and I’ve never seen him, born just after I was locked up. And I was scared so I put off contacting them and then the Laikans came and, and, they’re inside. So I stole an army uniform and, and…”
“Boys,” Chase called to the Heskin brothers, “looks like we’re going in.”
“I was hoping you’d say that,” called back Dave.  
“How?” asked Milk.
“Natural flair and ability,” Chase grinned, “and death from above.”
***
The soldiers held firm positions, but the PDG encampment was well protected by an electric fence followed by a large ditch with concrete blockades behind it. Not to forget armed towers and the Laikans held it all. 
Planet Defence Guns had been built on most planets in the build up to the First Laikan War. Before that there hadn’t been a need for most planets to defend themselves. They were huge complexes consisting of a big, concrete block of a building that the guns extended from and contained all that was needed to repair and run the guns. There were numerous other buildings used for strategising, communications, housing, and anything else thought needed. Since the last war these buildings had been converted for other uses, on Vestul this was mainly scientific research.
And so it wasn’t just the guns in the complex, but many other buildings that could, and did, hide enemy snipers. That made a straight assault, even if you got through the main gate, deadly.
Suddenly over the heads of the soldiers appeared a strange space ship that carried under it an APC.
“How’s it holding up, Cherry?” asked Chase from the APC.
“I feel like a delivery girl,” moaned Cherry.
“Just making a quick deposit.”
“Well you are a big…” 
“That’s enough, Cherry; we’re coming up to the drop zone.”
“OK, ladies and gents, the Milkster is ready at the guns, as soon as you drop we’re here to serve and protect.”
“Good shooting, Milk,” said the good Doctor.
“Remember there might be innocents coming out,” warned Julianna.
“No worries, only furry people.”
“I’d keep me head down, Doc,” Jimmy grinned.
“Sorry, Doc, not you,” Milk apologized over the radio.
“If you shoot me, who will you lose money to?”
“Funny, Doc, funny,” Milk clicked off the radio and got ready in the gunner chair. “We’re use the Merrills, Cherry.”
“I know,” came the reply. “But remember that in atmosphere I lose a lot of manoeuvrability in attack mode.”
“Is that an excuse?”
“No,” she came back testily.
“Let’s do this then.”
***
The Wild Rover flew over the defences and automatically drew fire, the APC was held by magnets on wires and Cherry turned them off. As the APC fell the wires retracted as the Lechance moved into the middle attack position. 
“Scans have a large group of people grouped in the main building, probably prisoners, on the level below the gun platform,” Cherry said.
The APC landed with a huge bounce and then Chase put it in gear and screamed forward. Jimmy opened up with the twin heavy lasers as Laikans ran out to attack. Well they ran out and then ran back for cover as Milk opened fire with a whoop from The Wild Rover. He then took down the nearest two guard towers in a blaze.
“Sweeping the perimeter, good luck in there,” Milk said over the radio as Chase hammered the APC toward the main gunnery building.
Julianna swept open the side door and her and Dave opened fire on Laikans shooting from building windows. An armed jeep swerved around another building and Jimmy laid fire on it. It flipped, slid and exploded and then Chase skidded the APC to a halt outside the main doors to the gunnery building. Julianna and Dave leapt out and laid down fire as Hendricks and Rob jumped out of the back and ran to either side of the building doors. Jimmy leapt down as Chase jumped out and smacked a small charge on the door.
It exploded inwards and the Doc and Rob moved inside opening fire. 
The Wild Rover just swerved incoming fire and then Milk juggled the Merrill guns and took down the remaining two guard towers at the same time.
***
Jimmy and Chase followed Rob and Hendricks into a large atrium where they hid behind a short concrete barricade that protected the door. From inside laser was raining down on them. Each took a chance to pop up and pick off a Laikan hiding behind similar concrete defences. 
Though the whole place was set up to be protected from an attack, no one who worked there ever thought anyone would attack a peaceful galaxy such as Chinap, and the Laikans had almost waltzed in. In fact the whole compound was used more for astronomical research and laboratories than for the guns. 
More Laikans shot down from the balcony that surrounded the atrium with a staircase to either side the only way up.
The Wild Rover swept round the huge Planet Defence Guns and started blasting the Laikans firing on Julianna and Dave who were now hiding behind the APC.
“I’m beginning to think we should have planned this better,” Dave said shooting two more Laikans.
Julianna laughed. “Welcome to the club”
“Just another day for you guys, huh?”
“Beats the alternative, I guess,” she shrugged.
***
Jimmy stood and rolled laser along the left balcony before ducking down as Laikans fell dead to the atrium floor. 
“We have to move up quick before they reinforce,” shouted Chase.
Rob leapt up and ran for the next nearest concrete defence.
“Valkswagon,” cursed Chase as he and Hendricks jumped up and gave cover fire until Rob was safe.
“Do the same to the right, Jimmy,” commanded Chase.
Again he and Hendricks opened fire as Jimmy ran. Now it was Rob and Jimmy who provided cover fire as Chase and Hendricks ran to protection at the same time as Julianna and Dave came in and opened fire. 
Now Chase and Hendricks were the closest to the staircases and no one needed to be told what to do. Rob and Jimmy opened fire on the nearest Laikans and Dave and Julianna spread the balcony with laser fire. Rob and Jimmy charged forward shooting over and around concrete barricades while Hendricks and Chase charged the stairs. Reaching the top they laid down fire as Dave and Julianna also moved towards the stairs. In a minute or two Chase, Jimmy and Rob were on the right and Julianna, Dave and Hendricks were on the left all moving along the balcony until they were opposite the main door where the next door was situated.  
They moved into a corridor, Jimmy blasting a Laikan coming down the stairs to their right. They moved cautiously up the long staircase until it opened up into a large room full of desks and computers.
“Comms room,” whispered Jimmy
“Go in hard and fast,” Chase said.
They barged into the room and began firing at the barely concealed Laikans. They had the upper hand of surprise, but had to dive from returning fire. Dave jumped up and potted two Laikans, Julianna skidded behind a desk taking out the Laikan hiding there at point blank. Rob rolled and took out a Laikan at the knees while Chase leapt onto a desk, fired at the Laikan hiding there and then jumped to the next one taking down another two. 
Then all was quiet as the laser smoke curled around Chase standing on the desk. He jumped down and they gathered up.
“Jimmy, can you get the comms up and running?”
“Maybe, looks like the Laikans shut it all down.”
“Work on it. Rob, you stay here and protect him,” Chase ordered.
“Will do.”
The rest of them headed to the stairway at the end of the room.
“According to Cherry, there could be prisoners up there,” Julianna reminded.
“Yeah, or a load of Laikans,” Dave pointed out.
“There’s only one fun way to find out,” grinned Chase and started up the stairs.
Julianna looked at Dave. “It won’t be fun.”
Chase got to the top and peered slowly above the floor. This was a storage floor and he could see a corridor with doors on either side. He could also see a number of Laikans in the corridor ready to blast anyone coming up the stairs. This is where he would normally chuck a grenade, but in one of these rooms could be innocents. He ducked his head back down and shook it at those behind him and then put his finger to his lips.
Dr. Hendricks pushed his way forward, pointed to himself and then up the stairs. Chase shook his head, but Hendricks pulled at his own fur and nodded. 
In his native Laikan he shouted: “Don’t shoot! I’m coming up, I’m wounded, they’re coming behind me,” and ran up the stairs. 
The Laikans started in confusion; some of them coming toward him, some getting ready to just shoot, but then Hendricks opened fire and Chase popped up and did the same. In less than a minute the corridor was filled with smoke and Laikan bodies. 
“Julianna and Dave get the prisoners down and out,” Chase shouted as he and Hendricks raced down the corridor kicking in doors. One of the middle doors opened on a group of twenty very frightened people. “Here,” Chase shouted as he and Hendricks went up the stairs. 
“It’s OK,” Julianna told the room, “we’re here to get you out, come with us.”
People got up stiffly and cautiously and began to move forward. Dave took the front and Julianna followed the scared crowd as they moved back downstairs. There were a few cries at seeing the dead Laikans and Julianna had to gently push people forward. In ten minutes they were back in the atrium with Rob in tow and Dave was shocked at what he saw outside. The APC was gutted by a fire and from the sounds of things fighting had intensified. 
“Valkswagon,” he swore.
“What?” Julianna asked. “Oh.”
“The Laikans must have dropped in more troops,” said Rob.
“Yeah. How’re we gonna get all these people past the APC and then to the ship?”
“What’s happening, Milk?”
***
“Drop ships. Soldiers have moved in and it’s hell out here. The APC’s been bombed, you’re gonna have to run for it,” he replied as The Wild Rover swerved over a roof to dodge a missile. 
He blasted the building where the rocket came from 
“How close can you get to the APC?” Julianna asked.
“To land? Not close enough.”
***
Hendricks and Chase stood amongst five dead bodies and looked around the control room.
“Ever fired one of these before?” Chase asked.
“No, I thought you might have.”
“Me? Nah,” Chase shrugged. “Jimmy, you got those comms up? We’re about to start shooting.”
“Got them, patching through now.”
Chase sat in the gunners chair as Hendricks looked at the computers. He began switching things on.
“OK, there seem to be readings, I think the computer is scanning space.”
“Yeah, OK, I’ve got readings on my radar, but which ones are enemies?” Chase sat in a swivel chair with a joystick on each arm.
Hendricks pushed another button and the room seemed to vibrate. 
“I think I’ve just turned the guns on.”
“Chase,” Jimmy came over the radio, “still trying to get through to the command ship. Use the scopes.”
“What scopes?”
“Above you.”
Chase looked up and saw what appeared to be a pair of binoculars on a metal arm. He pulled them and they swung down over his eyes.
“Whoa!” he exclaimed. Now he was looking directly into space, his eyes tried to give up and take a short holiday, but Chase focused and made out a ship.
“Left stick for focus,” Jimmy said over the radio.
Chase played with the stick and managed to zoom out and could see the battle playing out in space. Many ships floated silently, huge rents in their sides as specks of fighters buzzed between them.
“OK, I’m through; dey be ready for you to shoot. I’m heading down to join de udders.”
“Be careful, Jimmy,” Hendricks warned pushing buttons and pulling levers. “OK, looks like the barrels are warmed and the laser turbo is primed. Ready to shoot.”
Chase took aim on the remaining Bombarder and squeezed the trigger.
***
Milk was still trying to hit Laikans firing missiles at him and The Wild Rover wasn’t too nimble. Again Cherry had to pull back.
“Valkswagon! How’re we going to get those people out?”
Just then the huge Planet Defence Guns vibrated to life and a massive green bolt of laser exploded out and into space.
***
“BOOM!” cried Chase as the Bombarder flared into fire until the internal oxygen burned out. 
***
“We have to get past the APC,” decried Julianna.
“And how are we going to squeeze twenty people past there without getting shot?” asked Dave.
“I don’t know,” she fumed.
“Hey, it’s OK,” he put a hand on her shoulder.
“I’m sorry, I just feel so useless.”
“You’re not useless, none of us are yet. We can do this.”
“Strangely, I believe in Chase,” said Rob.
Julianna smiled. “Strangely, so do I.”
***
Chase took aim at a mothership, hoping it might be the command ship.
“Guns are ready,” said Hendricks
“Then boom,” and Chase fired again, the massive laser blast fired into the sky and through the scopes he saw an explosion at the front of the ship.
He lifted the scopes.
“We need to get down and get out of here; secure the base and then others can fire these guns.”
“Rightey-o,” agreed Hendricks and he and Chase rushed to the stairway.
***
“OK, Milk, how about landing?” Julianna asked.
“Tough, but not impossible. With enough covering fire from you guys.”
“OK, I’ll be in touch.”
“Make it soon.”
Milk swivelled the guns to fire at Laikans firing on UTN soldiers only for Cherry to have to duck away as another missile came flying.
***
“What be de situation?” asked Jimmy.
“Not fun,” replied Rob.
“Seems to be the way we like it.”
“Don’t let Milk hear you say that,” Julianna warned.
“I heard it and I’m about to be shot down so move it!”
“No fear, Chase is here!”
“Ah, the ever chirpy one,” Milk sarcastisised.
“Ever hopeful, hey, Milk?”
“What’s your plan?” asked Milk.
“There isn’t one. You need to land and we need to fight off those Laikans and get these people to safety.”
“Brilliant,” Milk sighed.
“No other plan, my man. Rob, Dave? You’ve got rear guard; we’re going out shooting as Milk lands. If all goes wrong you get these people to the ship.”
“You expect it to go wrong?” asked Dave.
“Me? Nah,” Chase said casually. “OK, Milk, you have to land.”
“You’re insane.”
“I have twenty innocents here and those Laikans want the guns back. You give me another option.”
“Valkswagon. We need to take out those missile launchers first.”
“Can’t guarantee anything, Milkster.”
“We going on natural flair and ability?” Milk asked
“Aren’t we always?”
“Well I got buckets.”
“See? That’s the Milk I love.”
***
“OK, Cherry, we’re landing,” Milk said.
“You’re insane.”
“Get ready with those anti personnel guns.”
“They will never get everyone.”
“Then let’s hope Chase and the guys will get the rest.”
“You think you’re not like him, but you are,” Cherry said grumpily.
***
“Cherry, give me a scan wit’ de positions of de missile launchers,” Jimmy said.
“Well, this is only based on last trajectories, so it may not be true.”
“It’ll be good enough; don’t land till you get de word.”
“OK, we move fast, fan out and blast everything furry we see. Except for the Doc here,” Chase said.
“Thanks.”
“De missile launchers should be in dese four buildings. Make dat de aim,” Jimmy said pointing to the map on his screen.
“As soon as you see the ship land, get those people going.”
“Got it,” Rob and Dave said together.
***
Chase, Jimmy, Hendricks and Julianna ran out around the APC and began shooting Laikans who were shooting UTN troops. They took a building each and ran for them. Chase knew he was in luck as a missile launched from the upper window of the building, barely missing The Wild Rover. He snuck in the door and eased up the stairs.
“That’s my ship, buddy,” the Laikan tried to turn but the shoulder launcher was too heavy and Chase shot him. “One down.”
He took the launcher to the other window. From there he could see the barricades stopping UTN APCs getting in and fired at them. They blew, sending concrete and Laikans everywhere.
Jimmy’s job was easier as the launcher was in a one storey building. He came up low, popped his head up face to face with the Laikan and shot him.
“Another down.”
“Got mine,” Julianna came over the radio as another missile headed toward Milk and the ship jinked left.
“Sorry, bit slow up the old stairs, mine is down,” said the good Doctor.
“Safe to land, Milk,” Chase said. “Well, safe-ish.”
***
The Wild Rover changed to atmospheric mode and started to land. This wasn’t missed by the Laikans who opened fire on the now unarmed ship. 
“Get those people going,” commanded Chase, “we’ll mop up here.”
The four of them took up the positions the launchers had been in and began sniping the Laikans as Dave led the first of the people around the APC and to the now landed Wild Rover. Dave reached the ship and started ushering people up the ramp, but wild laser fire made the line drop to the floor.
“Take them out,” shouted Dave getting people inside.
“Where’s it coming from?” asked Chase.
“Got not’in’ here, mon.”
“Can’t see,” added Julianna.
“Plenty of people here, but they’re not getting the chance to shoot at the hostages,” Hendricks said.
“Valkswagon! I’m going out to find them,” Chase said, “cover me.”
The laser bursts stopped and Rob started pulling people up and shoving them toward the ship where Dave pulled them up the ramp, but another burst of fire dropped them again wounding one Albertine man.
“Where’s that fire coming from?” Chase asked desperately.
“Not sure,” said Dave, “maybe not just one place.”
“Valkswagon!”
“The building nearest the ship, I think.”
“Is anyone going to ask me?” Cherry asked.
“Cherry, yes, where was my head?” 
“I can make suggestions.”
“I’d rather you tell me where the lasers are coming from.”
“Dave is right, the building nearest us, and the one behind and to the left of it.”
“Hear that? Someone get the back building, I’m on the nearest one.”
“On my way,” confirmed Julianna.
***
Milk sat at the controls ready to take off as soon as he could.
“You know why they are not attacking the ship?” Cherry asked him.
“No, why?” Milk asked tensely.
“Their guns wouldn’t pierce the hull.”
“That’s wonderful, Cherry, but can we focus on the problem at hand.”
“You mean the incoming jeep with a heavy cannon that will pierce my hull?”
“What!?”
***
Chase ran across open ground as Jimmy blasted nearby Laikans from the roof of a building. He burst in the door blasting two Laikans and then bounded up the stairs, tearing the upstairs room open with laser.
“Clear.”
“Clear,” responded Julianna.
“Then get those people going.”
***
But as Chase and Julianna cleared the snipers and Rob was trying to get the terrified remaining few off the ground an armoured jeep skidded around the corner fitted with a heavy cannon on the back. 
“They’ll never make it,” shouted Dave when the huge bulk of Chubbs MacFarlane shoved him out of the way and ran down the ramp.
“Chubbs, no,” screamed Milk.
He ran past a woman protecting a boy who couldn’t believe her eyes, to the burnt out APC. He jumped on the APC and with all his brute strength ripped the twin heavy lasers from their mount and jumped down.
He ran and took position in front of the jeep as it screamed toward him. One Laikan leant out a window with a machinegun while the cannon rotated to take aim on The Wild Rover; Chubbs planted his feet.
The Laikan opened up with the machinegun taking Chubbs in the leg, but he stood and as another laser hit him in the chest he squeezed the triggers and the twin lasers opened up, blasting the front of the jeep, sending it into a ball of careening fire. 
Dave was already down and grabbing hostages as was Rob, the jeep burning toward them. Chubbs opened up again, this time at the ground under the jeep, flipping it to its side and altering its course. The remaining hostages fled up the ramp and Chubbs ran toward the ship, scooping up the woman and her son in his massive arms.
***
UTN APCS were now in the compound mopping up Laikans and Julianna, Hendricks, Jimmy and Chase ran to the ship. They watched as the lumbering form of Chubbs MacFarlane fell at the base of the ramp.
“NO,” screamed Chase as he took to a sprint.
***
Chubbs fell on his back to protect those he carried. They got up and looked down.
“Daddy?”
“That’s me, Mikey,” Chubbs wheezed.
“Oh, Chubbs, when… How?”
“I, I escaped. I wanted to see you.” 
“I never thought,” his wife started, “I never came to prison, I, I didn’t want Mikey to know…” she trailed off in tears.
“It’s OK, I understand,” Chubbs smiled.
“No, I was a fool, a proud fool, you were innocent and you took the fall, I hated you for that.”
“Never seem to get anything right do I?”
“No, you did everything right, you always did, it, it was me, I…”
Chubbs lifted a hand to her cheek and she fell on him sobbing. Mikey, seeing his mother, started to cry.
“No, it’s OK, Mikey. Come to your Dad,” he held out a hand and Mikey gingerly took it. “You’re growing up to be a fine young man. Better than your Dad, that’s for sure. Make,” he took in a long wheezing breath, “make sure you look after your Mum.”
Chase fell to his knees as Chubbs wife sat up covered in blood.
“Chubbs, no. Don’t you die on me. Come on, big man get on your feet!”
“Thank you, Chase, you gave me a new life.”
“No! Don’t you do it, man, don’t you do it,” Chase screamed at him. 
Jimmy arrived.
“Oh, Chubbs, no, mon.”
Hendricks and Julianna got there and she sucked in a gasp.
“Seems we’ll have to finish our discussion on Jaintranian literature another time, Doc,” Chubbs said.
“I’m afraid so,” Hendricks said quietly.
“Without you, Chase, without all of you I would never have seen my boy. Martha? Martha, I’m sorry. I made some, nay, many wrong decisions in my life, but marrying you was never one. You’re still as beautiful as our wedding day,” he smiled a painful smile.
“Oh, Chubbs.”
“Mikey? Mikey, make sure,” he coughed up blood, “Make sure you read.”
And with that Chubbs MacFarlane, one time prison librarian, died. 
And in the night skies of Chinap, a star went out.

 
THE CONVOY OF HALLAN

The Wild Rover had dropped off the exhausted hostages and soldiers had gone in to arm the PDGs, the battle for Chinap was far from over, but the odds had evened out somewhat and it was time to get to the Great Council with the Trimedian plans. Rob and Dave Heskin had persuaded Commander Jenkins to let them go as protection; she’d said they would go anyway and they had agreed; she had sighed and waved a hand and the Salvation had followed The Wild Rover through it’s star-gate. 
***
Andrew Forster, one time President of the United States stood in front of the World’s combined military leaders.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, the politicians at this moment still argue out a peace treaty; they do not realise two things, one: the leadership of individual countries means nothing anymore and two: there is a war going on out in the stars. They know these things, but they are locked in their ways. We have more pressing matters and that is the defence of our world; it may not come to that, but we cannot sit around in deadlocked arguments when the bombs fall. You simply have two choices, stay here and form a world military or join the Universal Trading Network’s Space Navy; either way you may lose rank, but I am asking you to think not of yourselves and the titles that we bestow on each other, but of this World on which we live. 
“I am asking you not to argue who is at the top, who is the most qualified, nor to argue at losing rank if you join the Space Navy, but to argue how best to organise things, how best to win a war. One of the reasons we have been brought into this war is that we may be a target; the other is that we are the best military minds in the Universe. Think about that.
“We will reconvene in two hours, to give you time to think, to choose. 
“Thank you.”
***
Chase Darkstaar took a seat in the dimly lit room.
“Our job is done, you have the plans,” he said to the gathered.
“We are grateful for all that you have done,” said Hopkirk.
“It was nothing.”
“Not true,” said Fong-Gan.
“Either way, we are finished, our job is done.”
“Yes,” said Mark stretching his very long arms indeed, “and no.”
“No?” Chase hated to admit it, but he was contrigued.
“No,” said Hikcet.
“The beauty of the Trimedian is that it is made from materials from all over the Universe,” Hopkirk explained, “and so we need to get all of those materials.”
“And there’s a war going on,” added Sir Jeffery.
“Sounds like a job for the Space Navy.”
“We can’t spare any, we are already hard pressed.”
“So you want us to put our necks on the line again?”
“Who else could pull it off?” asked George the Albertine.
“Appealing to my ego? I like it. I’ll need to talk to my crew.”
***
“Better dan fighting in a WAR,” Jimmy said.
“I can think of better things to do,” sighed Milk.
“So you’re not in?” asked Julianna.
“Of course I am; someone has to look after this lunatic.”
“Doc?” Julianna asked.
“You already know that answer, my dear.”
“Looks like you have some companions, Chase,” she said.
“Wouldn’t leave home without you guys.”
***
“I am glad to hear it,” said Hopkirk.
“We just love being shot at,” Chase shrugged.
“You will be joined by a scientist, Dr. Angela Frost, who knows what we need and where to get it,” Sir Jeffery said.
“And Commander Jenkins has given the Heskins leave to add to your protection.”
“Good. Then I’ll be off.”
“Good luck, Darkstaar,” Hikcet said.
“You guys need better lighting in here,” Chase commented as he got up and left.
***
Dr. Angela Frost was tall, blonde and wrapped in a white lab coat. She was also contrigued as she walked around Chase’s Vulcan class ship. 
“It’s a beautiful ship isn’t it?” asked an Oncolutian engineer.
“I’ve never seen one, is it a new class?”
The old engineer chuckled.
“No, it’s a very old one. Last of its kind no doubt,” he said as he ran his hand along it. “I used to look after these babies, back in the day.”
“I don’t understand.”
“This baby is from the Laikan War, the first one; I used to maintain these ships before they were all destroyed.”
“Destroyed?” she asked.
“Really?” asked Chase.
The engineer turned. 
“This is yours?” he asked.
“Certainly is.”
“You don’t have the mods on it.”
“Modifications?”
“How long’ve you got?”
“What do you want to do?” asked Chase.  
***
Our, now seven, intrepid heroes sat around a table looking at a screen at one end of the, surprisingly, dimly lit room. The screen showed the galaxies currently being attacked by combined Laikan, Cantorvial and Merrick forces.
“Shabbus be going down,” commented Jimmy.
“And we’re going into it, are we?” asked Milk.
“Looks that way,” shrugged Chase.
“You’re loving this aren’t you?”
Chase looked at him over the table.
“Further adventures in space? Tell me you don’t,” he smiled, but Milk looked away, refusing to let his friend be right.
“If I can continue,” Dr. Angela Frost said from next to the screen, “these are the galaxies under attack and these,” the screen changed, “are the galaxies we need to get to.”
“I would say the next screen combines the two,” whispered Dr. Hendricks to Jimmy.
“It won’t be pretty, mon” he replied.
“This screen shows the overlap,” Dr. Frost said and there was a collective groan.
“As you can see, many, but not all of the galaxies we need to get to are under attack.”
“So we have a problem,” Chase spoke up, “do we grab it from the peaceful planets before they come under attack, but risk the other planets falling into enemy hands.”
“Or go into war zones first and risk the other planets coming under attack while we do,” finished Julianna.
“What are the Laikans planning? I mean they must know we have the Trimedian,” Milk said.
“They want power, and they know they only have to shut down one planet to stop us making the Trimedian fuel,” said Dave.
“No, look at the galaxies they are attacking, not all of them make sense,” said Chase.
“We do know what dey be planning,” Jimmy said.
He got up and plugged his computer in. The screen changed and the Laikan WAR PLANS popped up on the screen and they read in silence.
“None of this mentions the Trimedian,” observed Dr. Hendricks lighting his pipe.
“No,” agreed Chase, “it seems they were intent on WAR, Trimedian or no Trimedian.”
“But why?” asked Julianna. “Chase’s right, there seems to be something more than extending the galaxies that they control.”
“Not necessarily,” said Rob. “They’re attacking galaxies rich in resources.”
“Not all of them,” said Hendricks.
“So what’s the aim?” asked Milk.
“Earth,” said Julianna. “That’s what’s wrong with this, the plans seem focused on reaching Earth.”
“Makes sense, that’s where we can turn Trimedian fuel into a weapon,” said Chase. “So they’re shutting down Earth while taking resource rich galaxies.”
“No,” replied Julianna, “no. It makes no sense; we’ve already said that they only need to shut down one galaxy to stop the Trimedian being made and remember, these are old plans. Earth was the target even if they had the Trimedian plans.”
“Why?” asked Rob.
“Something else to find out,” said Chase. “Now where do we go first?”
“For a sleep,” said Milk and everyone agreed heartily.
***
A few hours later they were back at the Wild Rover and the old Oncolutian engineer was wiping his greasy hands and smiling.
“How’s tricks?” Chase asked.
“Oh, but it was a pleasure working on a Vulcan class again,” he replied wistfully.
“You’ve extended the tail fins.”
“Yup, they will give you better manoeuvrability when in weapons mode in atmosphere.”
“What else?” Jimmy Jazz asked.
“Engine upgrade; tweaked the Lechance for faster operations, recalibrated it too, almost doubled its field. Weapons upgrade, those Merrills will really dance now,” he smiled mischievously. “And a few weapon additions.”
“Really? What?” asked Julianna, now a true gunner.
“Oh, those you can find out,” he winked at her. “I gave your Bomber a once over too; got you an engine upgrade so you can keep up with this bad boy, tried to give you some extra manoeuvrability too, see how that works out.”
“Thanks,” said Dave.
“You’re all fuelled, reloaded and ready to go.”
“Then let’s get going,” Chase said, turned and shook the engineers hand. “Thanks again, you may have helped save our lives.”
“It was my pleasure, you look after her,” he said through moistened eyes.
***
And BOOM! They were back in space.
“OK, let’s see what these mods are all about, Dave,” Chase said from the cabin.
“What’re you thinking?” Dave asked from his cockpit.
“Take her up to full speed.”
“Here we go.”
The Salvation’s engines shot orange flame as it pulled away from The Wild Rover; the flame turned yellow and then, as it hit light speed, white. “Shabbus, what did that engineer do?”
Chase throttled forward, The Wild Rover’s flames turning to white as it roared through space and past the Salvation.
“You’re just showing off now,” Dave said.
“Real shabbus,” Chase said as he pulled a, quite frankly ridiculous, U-turn at light speed and hurtled back toward the Salvation. 
Dave hit the brakes and pulled 180 degrees before running back up to full speed again, The Wild Rover blurring up behind him. 
“Keep up with me,” Chase said as they bled past.
“No way in hell I can,” he laughed.
Chase pulled back on the throttle until both ships were blitzing through space together.
“I feel like a new woman,” chirped Cherry.
“Then it’s time to set a course; where to Doc?”
“I don’t know,” said Hendricks.
“Not you.”
“I know,” he replied sheepishly.
“We better get to Alvantian,” Dr. Frost said, “the Cheeneel sand we will collect there will take the longest to phase.”
“To Alvantian it is,” Chase said.
“Gotcha,” Rob came over the radio. “You realise it’s under attack?”
“So much de more fun,” said Jimmy.
***
Trillo hadn’t been forgotten, honest, he had been a busy man. He’d pulled his most trusted troops together and taken a number of ships while people still thought he was working under orders of the Commandant. They were now on a mission to find Chase and save Trillo’s fur. He still wanted the glory that would come from the Laikans winning and to do that he needed to prove himself, right that which had gone wrong. Oh, yes, he wasn’t going to admit he was righting his mistakes, no, it was Darkstaar, not him. Yes, really, come on, how could it be him? He’d done his best, but that never was good enough for the Commandant was it? Nooooo. 
The real fact, the sad fact in Trillo’s mind was that though he was a field agent and not a General stuck in an office, he knew more of what was going down than any of them. You couldn’t rely on intel, you had to gather your own and Trillo knew about the Trimedian and he knew that anyone with any sense would go to Alvantian first. He also knew through his spies that Darkstaar was on the mission. Payback time, he thought from his chair in the Heavy Cruiser’s cabin.
“How long to the star-gate?” he asked the pilot.
“Another thirty minutes, sir.”
“Good. In that time run a weapons check on all ships, we have to go in hard and fast,” yes, this time he would have Darkstaar.
***
At that same time The Wild Rover and the Salvation had entered the Albertine galaxy of Hallan, to find a similar situation to that which they found in Chinap. A massive space battle was underway, but it was obvious that the Cantorvial forces were winning, everywhere floated the hulks of destroyed UTN ships and though Planet Defence Guns threw lasers into space, the Cantorvial vessels were staying out of range.
“This is Wing Commander Robert Heskin of the bomber class ‘Salvation’ requesting information, over.”
“This is base: Alvantian, heard you were on your way.”
“What’s the situation?”
“Not good, we’re being overrun here. Reinforcements are on their way if they get through from the star-gate.”
“Is the base breached?”
“No, not yet. They are focusing on getting to the political HQ.”
“You know our plan?”
“Yes.”
“Anything else to do while we’re here?” Chase asked.
“Who is this?”
“Just a friend. A friend with a heavily armed space ship.”
“I’m just getting an ETA of two minutes for reinforcements, can you usher them through?”
“Least we can do,” Chase said with a grin.
“You love this too much,” said Milk.
“And under your grumpy exterior so do you,” Julianna said as she hit a button and the chair locked as the gunner screen descended.
Milk gave one of his now, well hopefully now, famous sighs and did the same.
“How many do you think we can get through, Doc?” he asked.
“How would I know?” asked Dr. Angela Frost.
“Not you.”
“Oh.”
“I’d say no more than forty percent,” Hendricks said.
“Sixty,” said Milk.
“A tenner on it.”
“You, sir, are on.”
“Bring de Lechance into attack position, Cherry, here we be going again.”
The Wild Rover sped up toward the fray with the Salvation in tow.
“It’s all about the fighters,” Chase said.
“Got that in one,” Rob replied.
The Salvation peeled off and began blasting fighters with its top mounted FOBG gun. The Wild Rover’s Merrill guns span around the ship blasting.
“Smooth new action to the Merrills,” Julianna commented as she blew a fighter to bits.
“Handles well,” Milk noted.
The Wild Rover flew between two huge ships blasting at anything that moved as the ships dwarfed them. Anti-fighter guns from the ships blew all around them as Chase dodged and dived.
“Salvation, we’re taking a hanger run,” Chase said.
“Oh, no,” breathed Jimmy.
“What’s that?” asked Dave.
“Watch this.”
“Don’t do dis,” Jimmy begged. 
“Too late,” Chase said.
He swung The Wild Rover around and shot full speed into the hanger of one of the massive motherships. Suddenly they were surrounded by metal walls as Chase pulled back on the throttles. Julianna and Milk were taken by surprise, but began blasting at the ships that were still docked. Everywhere Cantorvials began shooting at the ship, but to no avail; fighter ships began exploding.
“Keep blasting,” Milk told Julianna, “seems the engineer gave us an upgrade.” 
He hit a button and Julianna took control of both Merrills. Now the FOBG emerged.
“Heading to the end of the hanger, Milk,” Chase said.
“Oh, yeah.”
Julianna’s Merrill guns span and blasted ships as Milk brought the FOBG to bear at the front of the ship. Three Cantorvials were setting up a heavy lasercannon, but it was too late. As The Wild Rover approached the back of the hanger Milk unleashed laser into the main ship; Chase hung a massive U-turn as Milk swept his gun to the back of the hanger and continued blasting. Inside all sorts of stuff began exploding, who cares what it was, just as long as it made great explosions and I can guarantee you that they were. Least in my mind. Boom, pow-pow, bang… sorry, anyway…
Great flames blew out into the hanger adding more explosions to those already inside. The Wild Rover was being chased by a huge fireball as it, almost literally, exploded out of the hanger. Behind them the mothership was being wiped out by the type of explosions that satisfy blokes and make women wonder why they married him in the first place.
“Impressive,” said Rob.
“You’re not wrong,” replied Milk. “Manly.” 
***
By now the UTN reinforcements were nearly all through the star-gate and The Wild Rover and Salvation pulled back to the lead cruiser. 
“This is Wing Commander Robert Heskin, we’re here to guide you in.”
“Good to hear, we’re not a large force, mainly a landing party so give us a corridor to Alvantian.”
“We plan to.”
The UTN Hanger Ships released a handful of bombers and Missile ships that joined the straggled Hallan forces. In the middle of the convoy were the troop ships and at the back was a Heavy Destroyer fitted with a superheavycannon or SHC. Its sole purpose was to blast at the much larger motherships and that is what it started to do. 
“Better watch de Destroyer, Chase,” Jimmy observed.
“Wilco.”
The Wild Rover swerved from side to side, the Merrill guns spinning wildly, blasting approaching fighters. 
“Fighters approaching de convoy from our left.”
Chase swept The Wild Rover up and back over the convoy and Milk blasted the two fighters approaching the troop ships.
“De Destroyer.”
The Wild Rover braked and flew back along the convoy, Julianna destroying a fighter just as it got into firing range. The Destroyer sent a huge laser blast past them and it exploded into the side of a Cantorvial Cruiser snapping it in half.
“We’re heading inbetween those two motherships,” Chase informed.
“Are you mad?” asked Dave as the Salvation rolled left, dodging laser fire and blasting a Missile ship.
“Gonna take them out with the SHC.”
“They’re bristling with anti-fighters, the convoy will be wiped out,” argued Rob.
“Rubbish, the convoy is packing anti-fighters, we’ve got seven bombers including you; you’re going to lead a bombing run.”
“It’s suicide.”
“If you hadn’t noticed, this Galaxy is about to fall, even if we get this convoy down,” Chase said, “and anyway, it’s not suicide if you don’t mean to die, just misadventure.”
“Dis be de Wild Rover to lead Cruiser, over.”
“This is lead Cruiser.”
“Regroup your bombers, we’re going t’rough de corridor.”
“So I heard over the radio, I agree this is suicide.”
“Misadventure,” Chase corrected.
“We can see more Cantorvial landing ships outbound for Alvantian, gotta get dere quick sharp, mon.”
“And, hey, worse comes to worse,” Chase beamed, “I’ll buy you a drink in Fiddler’s Green.”
“You rogue, drinks are free in Fiddler’s Green,” followed by a sigh over the radio, “OK, regrouping.”
“It’s your lead Salvation,” Chase said over the radio, “three Bombers on each Mothership, we have cover and the Missile ships will take the rear. Good luck.”
The convoy entered the corridor formed by the two massive Motherships, they dwarfed even the Cruisers, it was like being in a street of skyscrapers. The Salvation and its Bomber wing shot forward and split, their bomb laser guidance’s lighting up the Motherships; anti-fighter guns opened up and The Wild Rover pumped laser fire on them, spinning here, there and everywhere between the Bomber Force while the convoy’s own anti-fighters opened up. The Bomber Force sped over the Mothership’s anti-fighters and unleashed their loads, either side of the convoy there were brief explosions as the guns exploded, in some cases leaving holes in the Motherships. The Destroyer’s SHC opened up at one of the holes and ripped it even deeper. A Bomber exploded as it was hit and then drifted there dead. The Wild Rover blasted forward in front of the Bombers blasting at incoming fighters.
“We’re gonna run out of bombs before we reach the other end,” Rob warned.
“Then let’s hope we get lucky,” Chase replied as he whipped The Wild Rover up and above the fighters, pulling a tight U-turn while the Merrill guns blasted at both the fighters and the anti-fighter guns.
The SHC unleashed another volley striking home and explosions could be seen ripping through the inside of the Mothership. The outside explosions stopped as the last bombs fell.
“We’re out.”
“Pull back for defence, send the Missile Force forward.”
There was a swap as the Bombers pulled back to the convoy and the Missile ships rocketed forward and let their missiles fly at the remaining anti-fighters. The Convoy’s anti-fighters kept up a steady rain, but were virtually useless. The Wild Rover took out a remaining fighter, but not before it had destroyed a Missile ship.
And then they were out of the corridor and nothing but clear space lay between them and Alvantian. 
“What’s the damage, lead?” Rob asked.
“Lot of damage, but keeping hull integrity, lost one troop carrier.”
“Better than them,” Chase said.
Looking in his computer screens he could see the huge damage left on the Motherships from the superheavycannon’s point-blank shots. “We’ve crippled only a small amount of their force and they’ve still got a lot of forces on the ground; be ready for a hot landing.”
“Just take us in, we’re ready.”
Dr. Hendricks leant forward and put a tenner into Milk’s outstretched hand.
***
Alvantian was a heavily forested world and the Albertine people of the world had tried to fit as many people into cities so as to deforest as little as possible. Many towns were built into the trees. The planet also had wide beaches extending a good kilometre from trees to ocean and attracted a lot of people who liked lying down to read on irritating, scratchy surfaces.
From the atmosphere they could see the expanses of the trees and the almost forest-like cities of skyscrapers. The cities were easy to spot as they were spewing smoke and Chase could see a number of forest fires raging. It was a deathly shame, he thought. They had done so much to preserve the forests of the world and after this most would probably be ash.
The convoy landed inside the military HQ compound amidst cannon fire from the Cantorvial forces and the UTN Special Ground Force, SGF, unloaded from the carriers dressed in urban camouflage, carrying state of the art machineguns. They looked, frankly, scary and they looked hungry for war. On seeing them Julianna wasn’t sure whether she was scared or aroused. 
“What’s that look?” Chase asked as they stood by their ship.
“Scaroused,” she replied and turned away
 See what I did there? So it’s no ‘contrigued’, but sequels are hard, OK? 
“What’s the plan now?” Milk asked.
“We need to get to the sea, to get the Cheeneel sand,” Dr. Angela Frost said.
“Are you OK?” Milk asked. “You look a bit pale.”
“Yes, well,” she flustered, “I’ve never been in a war before.”
“Ahh, well, you’ll get used to it.”
“I certainly hope not.”
“No,” Milk frowned, “I suppose not.”
***
They sat in a conference room with General Sir James Whitfield, Albertine leader of the Hallan forces. Along with them was Major General Chaplain, leader of the SGF reinforcements.
“To the sea?” Whitfield asked.
“Yes, you know our mission,” Chase replied.
“No, not really, seems a bit top secret.”
“Oh. Didn’t know that, did you know that?”
“Didn’t know dat, mon.”
“Nope,” Milk added. “Anyone?”
“Yes, I did,” Dr. Frost said testily.
“Ah, well thanks for the heads up there, Doc,” Chase replied. “Anyway, we’re on a special mission for the Great Council. That’s our priority.”
“Two worlds have already fallen and Alvantian is on fire, if they take this city and the Government, then we have no hope of holding the Galaxy,” Whitfield said.
“I understand, but that’s not our problem, is it? It’s Major General Chaplain’s.”
“We could sure use your help, that ship of yours is a battle turner,” Chaplain said.
“In urban warfare? No, it’s not precise enough for that.”
“Then we could use your skills on the ground, not just anyone has the balls to get a convoy through that.”
“I’m sorry, but we have a mission that is instrumental to ending this WAR, we must continue with it,” Julianna said.
“Very well,” said Chaplain, “what’s the situation update?”
“Coming through now,” said a Captain. “Not looking good, the Grand Hall is surrounded with a small UTN force being pushed back. Doesn’t look like they can hold out for long.”
“We need to get there now,” Chaplain said.
“Not going to be easy, sir, drop ships would be too easily shot down and it’s going to be a tough fight through the streets.”
“A tough fight is what the SGF is all about, Captain. Darkstaar, I wish your little band was coming with us, but I understand we all have our parts to play. Good luck.”
“Thank you Major General, we wish you luck too.”
***
They took The Wild Rover up and over a city ablaze, a number of Low Altitude Attack Platforms, or LAAPs, were raining down fire whilst dodging missiles and Chase took the ship up higher. They shot across the forest as it gave way to fields; on the monitors they could see the strings of people escaping the city.
“Maybe we should have…” Milk started.
“No,” broke Dr. Frost. “We can save these people by finishing this WAR. Our mission is too important to get involved in brawls.”
“You call that a brawl, Doc?” Chase asked.
“Not really,” said Hendricks.
“Not you.” 
“Oh.”
“Compared to the scope of things you have already seen, yes I do.”
“Seems pretty heartless.”
“If I had no heart, Mister Darkstaar, I wouldn’t be here trying to ignore what I am seeing.”
“Shore line be coming into view,” Jimmy said.
“Taking her down.”
***
“Seriously, this is it?” asked Julianna.
“How do you mean?” Dr. Frost asked back.
“I mean, just the sand on the beach?”
“That was the beauty of Trimedian; it came from all over the Universe, simple matter.”
“Well let’s get some of it and go then,” said Milk
“Yeah, how much do we need?” Chase chimed in.
“One hundred kilograms.”
“Should be light work for you, Milk,” Chase grinned.
Milk responded by throwing him a shovel.
They dug into the soft sand as the azure blue sea lapped gently on the shore (no doubt Trillo’s fault) and Chase thought about the information they had taken from the Laikan HQ. He hadn’t had time to read all about himself, but he’d seen some and it posed more questions than it answered. He looked at Milk digging away next to him.
“Can I ask you a question?”
“Is it, by any chance, about doing your work for you?” Milk asked not looking up.
“I’ve been reading about myself and something’s not right.”
“A lot about you wasn’t right,” Milk stopped digging and looked at Chase. “Sorry, that wasn’t cool.”
“No, it’s OK, but what about you? I mean, I’m reading about how you were the go-between. People contacted you to get me to do jobs.”
“About right,” Milk nodded.
“But I can’t put the Milk I know and that guy together. Why would you be involved in such a business?”
Milk leant on his shovel and sighed.
“I was in a bad way. I was lost. I’d been a bit of a wild child and it had caught up with me; I tried to straighten myself out, but I couldn’t get a job, my history followed me around like the stench of a Doundan hamster. 
“I was big, intimidating and I needed a job. I was perfect for you. Or those who handled you. No one would mess with me and I was willing to do what I had to in order to survive.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Meh. I never liked it, I got sick before every meeting, but it was my choice. I took the easy way out, I guess. I could have worked from the bottom up in some job, but I didn’t want to.”
“What happened to the people that ‘handled’ me?”
“You shot them a long time ago. But by then I was in. I wasn’t leaving your side, valkswagon, I certainly couldn’t get a straight job anymore,” Milk smiled at him.
“Earth was an escape for both of us.”
“It was,” Milk nodded again. “A new start.”
“Maybe this exonerates us both.”
“Let’s hope so,” Milk shrugged and got back to digging.
Chase looked out to sea to see what looked like large whales breaking the surface and then disappearing. Could this exonerate him of his sins? Could anything? What he was doing now couldn’t change the past, change the hurt he had caused, the grief and loss. But could he let the past colour the present or the future? Shouldn’t he put it behind him, move on? Or at least leave it until this mission was over. He sighed and began digging again. 
***
Sweat and sand laden they headed to the ship.
“I didn’t sign up fo’ dis.”
“You didn’t sign up for anything, Jimmy, we dragged you away,” Chase sweated.
“Yeah, I can’t help remembering having my heart dragged away.”
“C’mon, you’re having fun.”
“Very sensitive, mon.”
“You know the situation and anyway when all this is over we’ll find her again.”
“Stick to what you be good at.”
“And what’s that?”
“Not heart to hearts,” Jimmy strode forward under his load.
Good work, Darkstaar, he thought.
***
“We cannot just leave,” Cherry informed them back in the cabin. “We’d fly out into the middle of a space battle.”
“So where we go?” Jimmy asked.
“East. Until I tell you,” Cherry said.
“You don’t trust us?” Chase asked.
“In a word? No.”
“Dis is going to take us back over de city.”
“Not if we fly around it,” Chase replied.
“Not if you listen to de radio,” Jimmy said and switched it on.
“We’re close, but pinned down, no way through to the Grand Hall. Losing men fast here, sir.”
“What about LAAPs?”
“Getting shot down at an alarming rate, we have to conserve them, sir.”
“The Grand Hall is going to fall, Major General.”
“I’m aware of that, sir, but Cantorvial forces far outweigh our own.”
“And I thought you were our backup.”
“My men are dying here for your Galaxy…sir.”
“Indeed, I’m sorry. Sorry and at a loss.”
“And what are we going to do?” Chase asked Jimmy.
“Dunno, bro, like you say we’re too heavily armed for dis, we’d end up killing the SGFs.”
“Then we have to land,” said Julianna.
“What we have to do is get this Cheeneel sand out of here,” said Dr. Frost.
“No can do, Doc,” Chase retorted.
“Then we’re landing?” asked Milk.
“Yup.”
“Time to suit up then, our friendly engineer left us some armour.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, it looks pretty cool too.”
“Cool,” mused Jimmy.
“You could just use the new snipers,” Cherry interrupted.
“Excuse me?”
“She be right, Chase, it’s in the inventory; another of the engineer’s additions.”
“Are they light enough for this?”
“Of course,” said Cherry, “or I wouldn’t have mentioned them and they wouldn’t be called ‘snipers’.”
“Fair point. Juli, Milk, get ready.”
“So no cool armour?” asked Milk.
“Don’t worry, I think we’ll still be landing,” Chase said as the Lechance moved into attack position.
Straight away Chase could feel the controls get sluggish, but not as much as they had, the engineer had done a good job. 
“Coming over de area where de SGFs be locked down.”
The snipers were long and thin like a pool cue and both Milk and Julianna were having trouble lining up a shot.
“Gunners ready?” asked Chase.
“No,” replied Julianna.
“Well get ready fast, here comes our first run,” Chase dropped altitude between skyscrapers and slowed slightly, a second later a laser blast shot up and Chase dodged.
***
The Special Ground Forces were trapped at one end of a square with a now ruined statue in the middle; rubble lay all across the square and Cantorvial troops held the other end with snipers in the buildings. 
This was an older section of the city with four storey buildings forming a continuous line on two sides of the square with a major road running through the other two. It was possible for troops to move from one building to the next, but the SGF were being held back by entrenched Cantorvial troops.
“We’re not getting across, sir, we need another route,” Captain Jones said.
“If there was another route, Captain, we would have taken it,” Major General Chaplain gruffed.
“Men are trying to move through the buildings, but are being caught up in heavy fire.”
The troops fired across the square as laser fire hailed back, the air was thick with smoke and ozone.
“We have to pull back, sir,” Jones said.
“And leave the Grand Hall to fall?”
“It’s going to fall whether we die or retreat, Sir.”
Suddenly the wind hit them and The Wild Rover flew overhead firing tight laser bolts at the enemy’s positions; some Cantorvials fell, but not many.
“Valkswagon, this is hard,” cursed Julianna.
“Take her back round, Chase,” shouted Milk.
The Wild Rover pulled a sharp U-turn narrowly missing another laser blast.
“Dat was close.”
“Indeed.”
The Wild Rover hummed over Chaplain’s head and more sniper shots flew, this time with better accuracy.
“Darkstaar? This is still going to take too long!”
“No need for thanks, Major General.”
“No time, those buildings are crawling with the enemy.”
“Then pull your men back and let us flatten them.”
The order went out as The Wild Rover flew back over, dodging laser bolts and firing more sniper bolts at the visible Cantorvial troops.
“It’s all in the twist,” Milk said.
“Yeah, and keeping streamlined,” added Julianna.
“Are you clear, Chaplain?”
“We are, I hope clear enough.”
“So do I.”
The snipers retracted and the Merrill guns burst forth hungrily.
“Aim for the buildings on the far side and edges, try and keep the explosions from the SGF,” Chase commanded.
“Really? No shabbus,” Milk said not looking from his attack screen. “Just give us a good run.”
The Wild Rover buzzed over the retreating SG Forces and the Merrill guns let rip smashing into concrete and steel, the four story buildings disappearing in dust as the SGF pushed forward with full fire. The remaining Cantorvial troops had nowhere to hide and began pulling back in the face of the SGF’s hail of laser fire. 
Switching back to snipers The Wild Rover hovered, taking down more troops and clearing a path for the SGF the best they could.
“I can see de Grand Hall, Chase, look like we need to get dere.”
The Wild Rover pulled up and turned in one motion and sped towards the Grand Hall.
“Well, well, The Wild Rover.”
“Rob is that you?”
“Certainly is. In the LAAP to your left.”
“And I’m to your right,” Dave said.
“How’s it going?”
“Not good, spend more time dodging than firing.”
“I can see that.”
The Grand Hall sat in a large park, surrounded by water features and gardens. The Botanical Gardens here were famed throughout the Universe as the one place to see plants and trees from all over the Universe as well as one of the last places to see the endangered Hilston Bees. 
The air was ablaze with heavy laser fire, too thick to get a ship in, but it was still obvious how many troops surrounded the Grand Hall and how few men were inside the outer perimeter walls defending it.
“There’s too many, even with the snipers we wouldn’t get them all before we were shot down or the Grand Hall fell,” Milk said.
“I agree,” agreed Juliana.
“But we could take out those anti-aircraft lasers.”
“How do we do dat widdout getting blown up?”
“Natural flair and ability,” Chase smiled. “And bait.”
***
“This is suicidal,” Rob said to himself as he flung his LAAP into the deluge of laser fire. 
He dodged and pulled up, jinking through more blasts. As he did so The Wild Rover sped in with snipers out and sent bolts to where the anti-aircraft lasers were coming from. They too then pulled up and back as Dave Heskin flew into the melee.
“Misadventure,” Chase said to himself.
“Calculate the arc,” shouted Milk.
“I’ve got three more,” Cherry shouted back for no reason other than she didn’t like to be shouted at. See how he likes it, I mean what happened to common politeness? Really.
The Wild Rover pulled a tight arc and the snipers fired at the anti-aircraft cannons.
“All three down,” Cherry informed as The Wild Rover pulled up, a laser blast scraping the hull.
Rob took his LAAP back in as The Wild Rover swung low and around. As Rob pulled up, another four cannons exploded under the sniper’s fire.
“De SGFs are nearly in position and more LAAPs are heading in.
“Good,” Chase said as he pulled his ship up and around. 
Dave swung in low with his LAAP lighting up five anti-aircraft guns for Milk and Julianna.
“You’re too low,” shouted Rob as Dave pulled straight up.
The Wild Rover blazed in as Dave’s engine coughed and a laser blast hit his ship. Pulling right he hit the burners and sped away trailing fire from his engines.
“Boys and girls I’m going down.”
“Eject, Dave, eject,” cried Rob.
“Too late, little bro, taking her in. Come find me sometime, huh?”
“On it,” said Chase into the radio. “Milk, Juli, take as many troops out as you can in one minute.”
“Got it,” replied Milk and started blasting with the sniper.
Chaplain’s men were in position and began firing into the massed ranks of Cantorvials. Chaos erupted as they were suddenly caught on two sides and four LAAPs turned up to rain fire.
“We have to get to my brother.”
“Let’s move.”
The two ships pulled up and accelerated, following the remaining smoke trails of Dave’s ship.

 
NO TIME FOR ELVIS 

Wing Commander David Heskin stood next to the wreck of his ship in what was now a clearing in a forest. He looked around and shook his head clear; it had been a wild crash, but then he was good at such things, you don’t become a good pilot without being a good crasher. Though in the interest of balance, you can be a good crasher without being a good pilot.
The woods stirred around him and he pulled his pistol as he made a slow 360 degree turn.
“I would put that away unless you want to die,” a voice said from the trees.
“That means I believe you wouldn’t shoot an unarmed man.”
“It would.”
“How can I know that without knowing who you are?”
“If we were your enemy we would have shot you already, no?”
“True enough, my man,” he said and holstered his gun. “So who are you?”
“You are not in the position to ask questions.”
“I’m not the one hiding in the trees.”
“Who are you?”
“UTN Wing Commander David Heskin.”
“Then we are on the same side,” the Albertine said as he stepped out of the shadows.
“Well, that’s a relief, I must say.”
More Albertine soldiers stepped into the clearing and Dave could see more in the trees. Fifty he reckoned.
“And who am I talking to?”
“Major Horstus, Alvantian Marines.”
“Normally hang out in forests when your World is on fire, Major?”
“We were pushed back by Cantorvial forces.”
“But you’re not hiding.”
“No, we had heavy losses and we have a mission that must be completed.”
“Cool, what is it?”
“That is none of your business.”
“So you’ve been pushed back from your mission and you don’t want help?”
“I don’t think one more man will help.”
“How about eight?” Dave asked as The Wild Rover hovered above.
***
“Special mission you say?” Chase asked with glee.
“Stop right now,” Dr. Angela Frost interrupted, “we don’t have time, we need to get out of here and find the other Trimedian components.” 
“Cheeneel sand? No good to you,” said Horstus. 
“Oh, and why not?” asked Frost tautly.
“You know how to phase it?”
“Of course.”
“How?”
“What? Well that’s all back at the lab.”
“You don’t know because we never told you.”
“Yes, we know, we accelerate it with carbon dioxide and Sinthine gel,” Dr. Frost glared.
“No you don’t. That is what you think.” 
“So tell us,” Chase said.
“When the UTN were looking for an energy booster they saw how we used Cheeneel sand and took some from us and phased it. What they didn’t know was that we had already processed it.
“We were never asked so we never said, but when we learned of weaponisation, it was decided to keep our secret, well, secret.”
“Rubbish,” said Frost, “we have all the specs.”
“Phased Cheeneel has been a power source in this galaxy from before the UTN. When the Trimedian was created,” Horstus continued, “we knew what we were doing, but your haughty UTN scientists never bothered to research. They were too blinded by new inventions and weapons.”
“And your mission is to get the processing plans before the Cantorvials can,” said Julianna.
“Exactly.”
“Oh really,” piped Dr. Frost, “and how does an army Major know all this?”
“We were given a mission, miss.”
“Looks like we have a new mission then,” said Chase. “Where is it?”
***
From the woods to the city was clear, the Cantorvials had more pressing engagements than to hunt down Horstus’ men.
“It is fair to say that we boobed,” Horstus said to Chase as they entered the city limits.
“Really?” asked Chase surprisedly.
“Yes, in trying to get to the plans before the Cantorvials we led them straight to where they are.”
“No, I mean, people actually say ‘we boobed’?”
“You are not a serious man, Mr. Darkstaar,” Horstus intoned.
“I take sleeping pretty seriously.”
“Where are the plans?” Julianna broke in.
“Not far ahead, in the Cheeneel Scientific Processing and Phasing Laboratory Building.”
Chase stopped.
“Wait a minute; you go to all this trouble to hide how to process the sand, even from your allies, and then you name the building that?”
“You point being?”
“You boobed.”
***
The five storey CSPL Building was unsurprisingly guarded, but the three guards seemed more intent on the explosions going on around the city and didn’t notice Dr. Hendricks walking up until he greeted them. Guns swerved to point at him.
“Who are you?” one growled from under his hood.
“Major Obarr, I’m with Captain Trillo, sent by the Commandant.”
“Never heard of either of you,” another snarled.
“And you never will,” Hendricks said as Chase’s laser beams shot across the open and downed all three.
The group, minus Milk and Dr. Frost who stayed with The Wild Rover, ran to the entrance and readied for a hot entrance.
“How many do you think?” asked Rob.
“No idea, a lot,” replied Horstus. “OK, men, we go in hard and fast and we don’t stop until we have the schematics. GO GO GO.”
Horstus’ men stormed through the doors blazing fire and fire blazed back from the Cantorvials inside.
“What floor are the schematics on?” shouted Dave over the din.
“Fifth,” Horstus shouted back.
“We should have just flown in!”
“Would have given us away too quickly,” Chase shouted.
“True, they have noooo idea we’re here now.” 
“Chase’s plans aren’t always the best,” Julianna helpfully pointed out.
“Enough, already, let’s go,” Horstus shouted and ran into the building.
The lobby was secure, but not without the loss of five Albertines. The rest of the troops had already headed up.
“OK, Julianna and I will head straight to the fifth, Jimmy and Doc take the fourth and work up, Dave and Rob the same for the third. Don’t let anyone get down past you. Horstus keep some men down here to stop anyone who does,” Chase commanded and they bolted for the stairwells either side of the lobby.
***
The Heskin brothers walked straight into a firefight on the third floor corridor and took a break in the firing to dive into a doorway. They found themselves in a large computer lab and took cover. They could see several Cantorvials sneaking in through the far door, keeping low.
“I’m left, you’re right,” said Dave.
“She’s gone,” replied Rob.
“No time for Elvis.”
They broke off and snuck around to the corners. Rob rolled to another computer bank and peeped around the corner. A Cantorvial was about to do the same thing and Rob pulled back, readied himself and then leant around the corner and fired. The Cantorvial’s head exploded and he fell back; Dave raised himself and fired at another Cantorvial hiding behind a computer monitor, the monitor exploded and the Cantorvial fell, but not before others returned fire.
“Cover me,” shouted Rob and Dave raised his gun and started blind firing.
Rob snuck up further into the room surprising a hiding Cantorvial who couldn’t even look ashamed at being found so easily before Rob dropped him. 
Dave moved up, dropping another two as Rob reached the far end of the room shooting the last two Cantorvials, but not before getting a laser burn across his shoulder.
“You OK?”
“Yeah, just a burn, let’s see if we can get behind those Cantorvials holding the men down.”
***
“They don’t make this easy, do they?” mused Chase. 
“Thought that was your style,” Julianna retorted from behind a desk in a large conference room.
“It is, it is.”
“You’re trying too hard to be all style, no substance.”
“I don’t think anyone has ever been told that before,” Chase mused. “Come on let’s get this done.”
***
A Cantorvial ran across the laboratory and Jimmy fired wildly at him. The Cantorvial dived for cover amongst the shattered beakers and test tubes. Too late he realised he was lying in a corrosive puddle, jumped up and was shot by another surprised Cantorvial.
Doc Hendricks tried shooting that Cantorvial, but managed to hit only more beakers which flung their contents through a Bunsen burner and onto the Cantorvial which flailed around on fire until Jimmy shot him. In fact, the Cantorvial wasn’t the only thing on fire now, it had flailed around enough to set a corner of the lab on fire. Something exploded.
“Er…” said Jimmy.
“Indeed,” replied Hendricks. “Time to leave.”
They ran for the stairs meeting Dave and Rob coming up.”
“Follow us,” shouted Dave as he ran past.
“No, follow us,” Jimmy decried as he and Hendricks ran in the opposite direction.
Rob and Dave took one look at the fiery infernal in the lab and then followed them down the stairs.
***
“What are we looking for, Major?” Chase asked.
“Should be on the main computer,” Horstus said.
 “Why didn’t Jimmy come with the computer?” Julianna asked.
“Didn’t think of that,” shrugged Chase. “Hey, Jim, can you get up here?”
“Negative.”
“Why not?”
“Well, the lab on the floor below you is on fire.”
“You set the lab on fire?”
“No…”
“You did, didn’t you?”
“Maybe.”
“Valkswagon. Right, how do we get into this computer? Where do we look?” Chase asked.
“I know nothing about computers,” Julianna shrugged.
“We have Cantorvials incoming,” Milk told them.
“And flames climbing the stairs,” Julianna warned.
“OK, pick everyone up and then meet us at the window,” Chase told Milk.
“The window?”
“Yup. Right then let’s get these computers unplugged,” Chase said as an explosion rocked the floor.
“We need to open them,” Julianna argued.
“No time,” retorted Chase. “Plus I have no idea how, when or where to look.”
***
Cantorvial ground forces were moving through the ruined city and missiles began to fly at The Wild Rover as it descended.
“We be off then,” Jimmy told Major Horstus. “Want a lift?”
“Thank you, but no thank you, we need to head off the approaching Cantorvials. Keep them busy.”
“A little outnumbered aren’t you?” Hendricks asked.
“I think, in this WAR, we always will be. Get those schematics to safety.”
The Wild Rover landed as Major Horstus saluted and he, his men and the Heskins moved out. Everyone else jumped in and The Wild Rover took off to hover at a fifth floor window. Hendricks took control as Milk launched the snipers to give the Albertine troops advancing fire.
“Here we are,” Hendricks said.
“Other window, Doc,” Chase said.
“Righty-o,” The Wild Rover moved backwards.
“Open the side doors and get people ready to receive bountiful gifts.”
 As the door slid open Jimmy Jazz saw Chase standing at the open window with a computer in his hands.
“What you be doing, mon?”
“Catch,” Chase grinned and threw the computer to Jimmy.
He caught it and put it aside as Julianna approached the window and then jumped across. Straightaway turning to catch another computer.
Four computers came across the open gap as the fire spread behind Chase who turned, chucked a grenade into the room and then jumped.
“Go, go, go,” Jimmy nigh shouted into the radio and The Wild Rover pulled up and away as the grenade exploded, buffeting the ship and knocking over Chase, Jimmy and Julianna.
“Why?” Jimmy asked as Chase reached up and closed the door
“I cover daring do, you cover computers,” Chase shrugged.
“Where to?” 
“Cherry will find you a safe exit and then up, up and away,” Chase said and grinned at Julianna.
“One down,” she said.


THE CRAP PLAN GANG

Jimmy had the computers linked up in the make shift lab Dr. Frost had set up. They had found the schematics and were starting the process as The Wild Rover blasted into space.
“And we are clear,” Hendricks declared.
“Not quite,” Cherry corrected.
“What is it?” Chase asked as he entered the cockpit.
“Heavy Cruiser coming into scan range.”
“What’re the Cantorvials doing over here?” Julianna asked no one.
“Well, they’re not are they?” Cherry put Julianna in her place. “It’s Laikan.”
“One Laikan Heavy Cruiser out here?” Chase mused and then grinned. “Hello, Trillo.”
***
Trillo sat on the bridge looking out of the large front windows.
“Launch battleships,” he commanded.
“Sir, won’t a squadron of fighters be enough?” asked one Laikan stupid enough to ask questions.
“Not for that ship,” Trillo growled, “but send one out as well.”
The ships launched and flew toward The Wild Rover as Milk and Julianna took up gunnery positions.
“Time to leave,” Dr. Hendricks noted from the co-pilot seat.
“Tap the comms channels first, Cherry, I want to get through to the Heskins.”
“I agree with the Doctor,” Cherry noted.
“Then do it quick.”
“Fine. Here we are.”
“Salvation do you read me?” Chase asked.
“We’re here. What’s your situation?”
“We’re about to run away. We’ll keep you in the loop through HQ comms.”
“Sounds like a plan, we’ll be here blasting Cantorvials till then.”
“Have fun,” Chase told them. “OK, time to leave.”
The Wild Rover pulled up and away from the oncoming Laikans. The faster fighters reached target distance and opened fire and the trailing Merrill guns retorted.
“The fighter won’t do much, but those battleships will,” Cherry noted.
“Where now, Doc?” 
“Somewhere peaceful?” Hendricks suggested and Chase gave him a look.
“I agree, let’s go to Zaph in the Kolly Galaxy,” Dr. Frost said.
“Right you are,” and The Wild Rover retracted guns, created a star-gate and was gone just as the battleships reached target distance.
“Valkswagon,” Trillo screamed and everyone on the bridge dived for cover.
***
 The Prime Minister, Defosimo and Ateksos sat in Buckingham Palace with the Queen.
“So that’s about it, Your Majesty,” the PM finished.
“Intergalactic war?” she asked.
“It seems so,” the PM looked at the floor.
“And you two knew about this, did you?”
“Some of it,” Defosimo admitted.
“It’s for the best,” Ateksos said.
“Really?” asked the Queen.
“The Earth could be a target, it was better to get you on board.”
“Perhaps,” the Queen admitted.
“It would only take one stray fighter getting through to Earth to cause chaos,” the PM explained.
“So why are you telling me all this? Where is the President?”
“He’s back in space,” Defosimo told her.
“He’ll need a nice cup of tea,” Ateksos supposed
“He is an American,” the Queen retorted, “He would drink ghastly coffee.”
“Poor chap,” Ateksos agreed.
“Anyway, Ma’am, you are still, in the eyes of the UTN, Head of the World and when the time comes you will have to let everyone know,” the PM almost apologised.
“Very well,” the Queen conceded. “I need a good cuppa.”
***
They sat in a small conference room on The Wild Rover, hanging in the Kolly Galaxy.
“As you can see,” Dr. Angela Frost pointed to the screen in front of them, “Now nearly a third of the Universe is in all-out WAR and we are struggling to keep in control.”
“That’s bad,” noted Milk seemingly genuinely upset.
“Don’t worry, Big Guy, we’ll get the Trimedian together and it’ll all sort out.
“Yeah,” Milk grunted.
“So let’s get on with it,” Julianna said.
“Not so fast. The reason I point this out is that once we get the bantham stone from Zaph we will need to get Oranontium from Kargus VI which as you can see is under heavy attack.”
“Great,” sighed Jimmy.
“And then I’ll need to get back to Headquarters…”
“What?” Chase asked.
“I need to start phasing the Cheeneel sand and processing the rest.” 
“Did you say Kargus VI?” Milk sat up and asked.
“Yes”
Milk got up.
“What’s going on, Milk?” Julianna asked.
“I’ll be back,” he said and walked out.
***
They flew on in silence.
“Ever been to Zaph?” Chase asked Jimmy.
“Nope, you?”
“Not that I remember.”
“Give us de low down, Cherry.”
“Mainly dense forest, size of Earth, oxygen atmosphere, blah, blah, blah, oh, you’ll love this.”
“I get the feeling we won’t.”
“Home to the Konja race.”
“So?” asked Jimmy.
“Cannibals allegedly,” Hendricks piped in cheerily.
“Great,” said Chase. 
***
 They set up the scanners for bantham stone and then flew around trying to find somewhere to land close to a good outcrop. Finally they were on the ground and out. The dense forest surrounded them, dark and foreboding.
“Cannibals, you say?” Chase asked.
“Allegedly,” Hendricks answered. “Few have ever been here. Or maybe only a few have ever returned,” he shrugged.
“Great,” Chase said and looked over at Milk who was strangely silent.
They hefted their machineguns and began walking into the forest.
Jimmy and Dr. Frost walked at the front following the scanner. 
“So how long you worked for de UTN?” Jimmy asked her.
“Long enough to know who you lot are,” she replied. “Well not the girl or the Laikan. Can we trust him?”
“So you know who Chase Darkstaar is, but it be Doc you don’t trust because of his race?”
“Well, yes, I mean, no, I mean, I don’t know,” she looked at the ground and then back at Jimmy. “I’m sorry, I’ve just never known war before.”
“It’s cool.”
“I guess that’s why the Great Council sent you lot, you’re probably the only ones who know how to fight.”
“You lot?” Chase asked from behind. “We have a name you know.”
“Do you?”
“Erm, no.”
“The Crap Plan Gang,” Julianna suggested.
“The One Step Closer to a Painful Demise Crew,” Milk chipped in.
“Dr. Hendricks’ Appreciation Club,” the Doc tried.
“The Death Cheaters,” Chase said gleefully and everyone groaned.
“De Somet’ing be Stalking Us in de Trees Club,” Jimmy said.
“Well, that’s just rubbish,” Chase said as a fanged, green, hairless beast leapt out of the forest. “Oh, I see what you did there.”
Juliana screamed, but Milk calmly turned and punched it in the snout. The beast fell to the floor stunned and then struggled up and slouched back into the trees. Milk walked on as they all looked at each other. 
***
“How are the preparations going?” Hikcet asked Andrew Forster.
“Good, the starfighters are not unlike airplanes.”
“Aeroplanes,” Sir Jeffery said.
“Pardon?”
“Aeroplanes.”
“Enough,” said Hopkirk, “we need you to come and talk to our Generals and look at our own WAR PLANS.” 
***
The outcropping of shiny black bantham rock stood nearly as high as the trees and went below the ground. They were busy hacking at it with pick axes having already tried to blast it with laser. The ricochet had nearly beheaded Jimmy.
“So a lots changed then,” Chase said casually to Jimmy.
“Apparently not.”
“I mean before this whole war thing.”
“What you be driving at?”
“Well, I was reading a little bit of that information about me.”
“I’d delete it, mon, I truly would.”
“But what about you? I mean, you don’t seem to be the type of guy to hang out with a hitman.”
“I’m not. Not anymore. Same way you not be dat hitman anymore.”
“It’s just hard to piece it all together,” Chase said as he hacked away at the stone.
“I was an illegal racer, you remember dat?”
“Something like that, yeah, OK.”
“So I was young and wild and so were you,” Jimmy paused. “Well, you weren’t just wild, you were calculating. You were wiser than the rest of us.”
“I dunno if that’s a good thing to know,” Chase mused.
“Delete it, mon.”
***
“OK, that’s everyone’s backpack full,” Dr Frost (who had done no digging) said.
“Finally,” bemoaned Chase.
“Big girl,” Milk said.
“What is wrong with you at the moment?” Chase demanded.
“Nothing. Let’s just go,” and he turned back the way they had come.
“What is wrong with him?”
“Leave him,” Julianna said.
“Whatever.”
They traipsed back with their heavy load.
“Glad we not seen cannibals,” Jimmy mentioned as four men swung out of the trees. 
One grabbed Julianna; one grabbed at Jimmy but missed one took Dr. Frost; one grabbed Chase who promptly shot him and two got a Milken arm each. Without breaking their momentum they swung off into the forest.
“You were saying?” Chase asked picking himself up.
“Ah, well. Back to de ship?”
“Yup.”
“Gentlemen!” decried Dr. Hendricks.
“Just kidding, Doc. Where are they Jimmy?”
Jimmy Jazz played with his scanner until he found three moving groups of bantham rock.
“Dis way,” and they started through the forest.
“Finally I get to be on the rescuing committee,” beamed the Doc.
“Dis be de second time we rescued Julianna.”
“I know right, and what do we get for it?”
“Not’ing.”
“Nothing,” he shook his head sadly.
***
Trillo was impatient and that made him unhappy. Despite having lost Darkstaar when he inexplicably vanished into an inexplicable star-gate, he had an idea where he would be heading. 
This was the thing, Trillo had used the spies within the UTN to find out everything he could about the Trimedian before beginning his hunt and that meant two things.
Firstly, he knew the planets that contained the ingredients needed and so as soon as Darkstaar had vanished he had contacted invading forces to see if they had appeared in those galaxies. No one had seen anything and when a Vulcan class ship appears on your scan, or worse, out your window, you tend to exclaim: ‘What the hell is that thing?’ Therefore they had headed to a galaxy not yet under attack and Trillo had dispatched scouting strikeforces to each of those planets. 
Secondly it made him angry. He knew everything about the Trimedian, more than his superiors. When he had tried to give all the information to the Commandant he had been brushed away. It was as if no one really cared about the Trimedian anyway. And so he was the one who was an outcast, he was the one running and hiding despite being the only one to have any real knowledge of what the UTN was up to. He was the only one who could stop the UTN building a weapon that could destroy Laika and yet he was the one who was seen as good for nothing. He was sad and cross and angry. And impatient to hear from his scouts.
He would bring the Commandant the Trimedian and the head of Chase Darkstaar. But then he wondered if the Commandant would care.
***
Chase, Jimmy and the Doc burst out of the trees into a small village of wooden and grass huts. All around were humanoid men and women dressed in loincloths, some holding wooden sticks with a bantham rock tied to the end.
The Konja people looked a lot like Humans except that their eyes were bigger, their nostrils were bigger and so were their mouths, filled with hundreds of sharp little teeth. Across their torsos they had slits a lot like gills. When the wind blew through the forest hundreds of spores, seeds, leaves and moisture were blown into the air and vacuumed into these gills. It was this that sustained the Konja, a lot like whales and krill, and actually meant they had no reason to be cannibals. They just were.
To our heroes’ right were a number of stakes two of which held a naked Julianna and Angela Frost. Their arms were bound behind them and their feet bound together meaning at least some of their modesty was unseen. To the left was a gigantic vat of broth on a fire with Milk tied up in the middle of it.
“Ha! More food,” a more elaborately decked out Konja said. Because of their big mouths each syllable was elongated.
“Well, no,” Chase said and raised his machinegun.
Three of the men raised their sticks and a blast of energy shot out of the bantham rock, hitting their weapons which promptly vanished.
“Very impressive,” Dr. Hendricks said, very impressed.
“Thank you,” said the Konja. “Now you will strip off and find a stake. 
“Hi there, Julianna,” Chase said.
“Stop looking, dammit!” she despaired.
“It’s getting hot in here,” Milk complained.
“Cortian Knot Trick™?” Chase asked.
“Oh and then what would I do?” fumed Julianna.
“Anyway, so no, you can’t eat us,” Chase said.
“Well, you are in no position to bargain,” the Konja chief replied.
“He always be in dat position, mon.”
“Look, we’re on a mission to save the Universe from WAR, so we need to get going.”
“Well you can’t, we need to eat.”
“Well you don’t have to eat us, do you?”
“You don’t really understand the term cannibal do you?”
“No, I get that, but, well, why do you need to eat them? We need them.”
The Konja Chief sagged a little.
“Look, I’m sorry, but look at us, there’s nothing left of us. Our tribe is being eaten out of existence.”
“Well, that’s no good,” mused Hendricks.
“Really starting to get hot in here,” warned Milk.
“No, it’s no good at all, we’re lovers not fighters,” the Chief frowned.
“Not a mental image I needed,” Jimmy said.
“Well, look, if you eat us a lot of other races are going to go the same way as your tribe,” Chase explained.
“Eaten out of existence?”
“Well, no, but kinda, so we need our friends,” he looked at Milk who made a get-on-with-it-I’m-in-a-vat-of-slowly-heating-broth face; he looked over at the women. Dr. Frost had her head down and he could see tears dropping to the floor.
“Stop looking,” Julianna seethed. “Valkswagon.”
“It seems a noble cause,” the Chief mused.
“It is, very much so,” Hendricks said and the Chief nodded.
“But then we may starve. You are asking us to sacrifice our tribe for the greater good.”
Chase sighed. “I’m sorry it has to come to this.”
“OK, let them down.”
“And put out the fire,” shouted Milk.
“Yes, yes, that too,” there were cries of disdain from the rest of the tribe. “I’ll need to discuss this with the rest of the tribe, until then you will be guarded.”
“Clothes,” demanded Julianna as she let herself free of the ropes.   
“A ship is coming into land, they’ve spotted me,” Cherry informed them over the radio.
“Who are they?”
“Mixed group. Mainly Laikans by my scan, but some Merricks, some Cantorvials, the odd Byfrok, a Jobru.”
“There we go then,” said Chase. “You can have them instead.”
The Chief thought. “Laikans are a lot of work for not a lot of meat.”
“Which is why you didn’t try and grab me,” noted Hendricks.
“Yes, sorry about that.”
“No, no, that’s more than fine.”
“But Merricks make good eating,” mused the Chief.
“How many are there?” Chase asked.
“Around ten, maybe a few more. They are landing now.”
“How about it?”
“Well we could just have them and you. Then we would survive a lot longer,” thought the Chief.
“But they’re coming for us. If they find us they will kill us or radio for more troops.”
“They will not have time.”
“But if they are not heard from, the person looking for us will assume we killed them and send more and more troops.”
“You are a pain in the arse aren’t you?” asked the Chief.
“Oh, more than you know,” Milk said finally dressed.
“OK, OK, what is your plan?”
“Well they are looking for us so we’ll be bait, draw them into the forest.”
“We will?” asked Julianna also dressed. “I’ve had enough fun for today thank you.”
“We’ll be fine,” soothed Chase and the group as one let out a loud sigh.
***
The scouting strikeforce was still walking around the ship trying to find a way in and relaying to Trillo that they had found the ship at least. Trillo looked at his map and decided to play a wager and move somewhere halfway between Kolly and the Kargus Galaxy. If they escaped and didn’t go there next he would very angry, but they were the three main ingredients. He wasn’t going to be wrong because he couldn’t be. Not anymore.
That was when Chase and his gang walked out of the forest as if they knew not the ship was compromised. They did their best at making surprised faces and the strikeforce scrambled to organise. By the time they had weapons raised their quarry had run back into the trees and the strikeforce, caught completely off guard, blindly ran after them to become lunch.
The gang had swung left and come back to the ship and they were in and away before an unarmed and confused ‘lunch’ had arrived at the village.
***
“How about ‘Trimedian Search and Rescue’?” Chase asked.
“Are we still on this?” asked Julianna who was huddled up in her chair.
“Better dan anyt’ing else,” Jimmy agreed.
“Fine,” spat Julianna.
“Whatever,” said Milk. “Are we heading to Kargus VI or what?”
“What is wrong with you?” Chase demanded.
“Valkswagon,” he exploded. “It’s my daughter, alright? She’s on Kargus VI, at University there.”
“Are you sure?”
“I’m sure, so let’s go,” he stormed and then stormed out.
***
He wandered through the corridors thinking, but not really thinking. After all this time he had a chance of seeing her again, of reconnecting with her and then there was this shabbus war and she was caught in the middle of it. Dead maybe. He’d made all the wrong choices in life, just like Chase. He couldn’t blame anyone but himself, he could have settled down, but that was too boring. He’d tried and then he’d upped and left. Left them to suburbia and office work. He’d wanted an exciting life until he had it and then it had been too late to go back. He’d thought that ‘normal’ life was boring until he left it and then he realised that it might have been happiness. But it was too late and so he’d agreed to go to Earth with Chase. Start a new life. A new quiet life, try to capture the life he had given up. But that hadn’t happened, he’d been rejected and sent back into adventures in space. Maybe he could never have that life.
He found himself in the conference room and pulled up as he saw Dr. Angela Frost sitting in there alone looking at a screen showing the extent of the WAR. She didn’t look up as he walked in.
“Er, hey. Are you OK?”
She looked up at him, tears streaming down her face.
“What do you think?”
“I’m sorry, I’ll leave.”
“I was naked. You saw me naked. They were going to eat me,” she blurted. “It wasn’t even the war.”
“I know; I’m sorry. They were going to eat me too.”
“Oh, but this is your bread and butter, isn’t it? Just another day for you.”
Milk sat down next to her, but she pulled away.
“It shouldn’t have happened. It is this WAR; war is no good for anyone, it affects everyone even those not involved.”
“I hate it,” she sobbed. “But they would have eaten me war or no war. They didn’t even know there was a war on!”
“But you wouldn’t have been there if it wasn’t for the WAR. None of us would.”
“I don’t care,” she spat and hugged herself tighter.
“I’m sorry and I really am. We chose this life, Chase and I and now I wish I never had,” he looked down at his gigantic hands. “No one, not even Chase, wants to drag others into this.”
She looked at him looking at his hands and realised that she had put in for this mission, had thought she was up to it, but she wasn’t. And she realised that maybe none of them were, they were just trying the best they could. And for as much as she hated Chase’s cavalier attitude, maybe it was that that was getting them through, making them succeed. Him and his natural flair and ability.
“You have big hands,” she said.
“I, oh, er…” Milk stuttered embarrassed as he always was about his size.
“You knocked away that beast as if it was a fly.”
“Well, I didn’t really…”
“Are they as good at hugs?” she asked coyly.
“Well, erm, I don’t know.”
“I really need a hug,” she said and shivered at the memory of everything that had happened and then Milk engulfed her in his arms.
***
“Yup, Kargus VI, fancy it?” Chase asked as Milk and Dr. Frost entered holding hands.
Dr. Hendricks raised his bushy eyebrows at Julianna who gave a little shrug.
“Do you need to ask?” Rob Heskin replied.
“That’s what I like about you kids,” Chase grinned.
“We’ll see you there.”
“Jimmy, ask Cherry to locate Milk’s daughter.”
“You can ask me yourself, you know.”
“Yeah, but then Jimmy’d have nothing to do.”
“I have plenty, mon, plenty.”
“Well, I dunno, do some more,” Chase turned to Milk. “We’re on the way.”
He looked at Milk and Dr. Frost sitting close together and then looked questioningly at Julianna who glared at him and then got up and left.
***
“Does this make any sense to you?” Andrew Forster asked.
“Well, yes and no,” the Commander of Combined Forces replied.
“But they don’t seem to be attacking anywhere specific.”
“They are just trying to extend their territory,” Sir Jeffery explained.
“Yes, but they aren’t, are they? I mean this galaxy next to Tegariff Major has been left untouched, why would they do that?”
“Laikans, huh?” the Commander shrugged. 
He’d never been in a war before, let alone a WAR, and didn’t really know what to do.
“No, that’s not it. There is a method to this madness. Why haven’t they just attacked Hadess to get to this planet of Tookkon? Take out the HQ?”
“Now that I have an answer to,” replied Sir Jeffery happy to finally have an answer, or at least an answer he was allowed to give. “This is the most defended galaxy in the Universe, if the Laikans sent their whole force here we would send half in defence and half to Tegariff Major and hold their galaxy hostage. If they sent less than their whole force here we would send our whole force to defend it. Either way they would lose. So they are wearing down our forces before a direct attack.”
“So if you know their plans, why not pull back your forces, keep them at strength for the attack?”
“Because then we would be letting galaxies fall and they would either turn against us straight away or, perhaps worse, after the WAR. We could be in civil war for decades.”
“Politics,” spat Andrew Forster.
“Politics and war go hand in hand, my good man, you of all people should know that,” Sir Jeffery reminded him. 
***
Chase found Julianna in her quarters.
“Leave me alone.”
Chase sat on the bed next to her.
“I’m sorry.”
She started to cry.
“That’s twice now.”
“I know.”
“No, you don’t. And even then you couldn’t help looking, could you?”
“I’m sorry. It’s just…”
“It’s just what?”
“Well, it’s you.”
“How is that good enough?”
“It’s not,” he looked at the floor.
“What the hell are we doing?”
“I don’t know.”
“But you do, this is you, this is your life,” she pushed.
“We told you this wasn’t a game, OK?” he angered
“Oh, don’t throw that back at me again,” she angered back at him.
Chase stood up.
“Well what do you want?”
“I want to know it’s going to be OK,” she fumed. “It’s OK for you, you don’t get captured, you don’t get stripped; you don’t get nearly eaten or imprisoned; you just get to swing into the rescue. All with a smile because nothing ever touches you does it? It never did, you haven’t really changed.”
He slumped back down next to her.
“I don’t, you’re right, I don’t know why, but if you think this is who I am and not just a brave face, then you’re wrong.”
She looked at him and she knew that she had chosen this, but she wanted to be angry at someone. It wasn’t his fault or Milk’s or anyone but her own and what did he mean about ‘it’s you’? Could she keep going like this, but what did she have to go back to, even if there wasn’t WAR? 
The whole Universe was messed up, but then wasn’t it even before this war? The UTN had preached peace and happiness, but it wasn’t really true was it? And she had seen even more cracks in the UTN façade since she left the bar. What was she fighting for then?
“I’m sorry,” she said.
“No, no, I’m sorry, Julianna,” Chase said and wrapped his arms around her.
***
In the centre of the Kargus Galaxy is the Kargus Prime Solar System with a sun and in a circle around that sun are the imaginatively titled Kargus I to VI. As they revolved around the sun the A.R.S.E forces had deployed to bombard one planet and let the rest revolve into their sightlines. Six planets with very little effort.
As The Wild Rover arrived in the galaxy the A.R.S.E battle fleet were completing their bombardment of Kargus V. In less than thirty minutes Kargus VI would come into range.
“Looks like we be in luck,” Jimmy told them as they re-entered the cockpit. “Kargus VI is, as of yet, not under fire.”
“Do they have ground teams?” asked Chase.
“Yes, they have deployed troops to each planet,” Cherry told them.
“OK, so we skirt around the attack force, land, get the Oranontium and Milk’s daughter and leave. Easy.”
“We can’t just leave the galaxy to be taken, innocents killed,” Angela Frost protested.
“I thought you were all about the Trimedian, Doc?”
“Things have changed.”
“Why are they unchallenged?” Milk asked. “Where’s the UTN Navy?”
“The Kargus Galaxy is one of peace loving scholars,” Dr. Hendricks told. “They refused to have a Naval force here.”
“Peace loving scholars, huh?” Chase said. “No wonder I’ve never heard of the place.”
“What about Planet Defence Guns?” Julianna asked.
“I believe they were forced to have them,” Hendricks said.
“Well dey not be firing.”
“No,” Cherry said. “When WAR was declared the UTN pulled out all their troops.”
“What?” asked Julianna. “They left the galaxy undefended?”
“There are more important galaxies tactically,” Cherry said. “It is a WAR, you know?”
“I can’t believe it,” Julianna incredualised.
“Well, we can’t man those guns and collect the Oranontium,” Chase said.
“And your window is closing,” Cherry told them, “soon it will be Kargus VI and not V under attack.”
“Then we have to move now.”
“This is the Salvation.”
“Just in time,” Jimmy said.
“What’s the plan?”
“Erm, try and take out the battle fleet?” Chase suggested.
Laughter crackled across the radio.
“Two against a whole battle fleet? Nope, that’s stupid even for you.”
“We don’t have much choice.”
“Look,” Dave came on the radio, “we left an important battle to help you, but this is suicide anyway you cut it. We could be doing something to turn the tide of battle, not be here on one of your harebrained schemes.” 
“He sounds pissed,” Jimmy noted.
“Cherry give us a scan, are there any other UTN ships in the area?”
“Scanning… Sorry, no. Only a Durden Raider Mothership in deep space outside the galaxy.”
“What’s its name?” Julianna asked leaning forward.
“Ha! The Greased Lightning. What a stupid name.”
“I liked that film,” Milk mumbled.
“Patch me through,” Julianna demanded.
“Ooh, look at you, miss demanding.”
“Cherry,” warned Chase.
“Please.”
“Please?” Julianna asked.
“Patching you through then. If I must.”
“Hello, who is this?” the man asked from the video screen.
“Me again.”
“Oh, no, not you. How did you get this number? We changed it after last time.”
“Look, we need your help.”
“Who is this?”
“This is The Wild Rover, Chase Darkstaar’s ship,” Julianna explained.
“Well the answer is no, whatever you want. We helped you, you helped us; we are even.”
“But this is an emergency.”
“There’s a war going on, or don’t you know? We’re sitting here in deep space, nice and safe until it’s all over,” and with that the video screen went black.
“Valkswagon,” Julianna breathed.
“I’m sorry, Wild Rover,” Rob said, “Dave’s right, there’s nothing we can do for you here.”
“We need to get to Kargus VI to pick up Trimedian ingredients, at least watch our back as we skirt this battle fleet?”
“OK, OK, that we can do,” resigned Rob.
“We can’t leave these people,” Angela protested.
“Not’ing else to be done, Doc. I’m sorry.”
And then they received a video call.
“Terd Ferguson,” Chase beamed.
“What do you need?” Terd asked.
“Terd?” Angela whispered to Milk who just shrugged.
“What can you offer?”
“Anything. I command this vessel now.”
“Yeah? Since when?”
“Since I just shot the Commander.”
“Okaaay. Can you fire PDGs?”
“We’re fast learners.”
Chase filled him in with what was needed.
***
“Look I’m sorry for what I said earlier,” Dave said.
“Worry not, my man, WAR is hell,” Chase reassured.
“So we’re finding out.”
“Come on, we need to get to Kargus VI,” Milk pleaded.
“In just a little bit, we need reinforcements, Big Man.”
Milk sighed and looked at the floor. Angela put a hand over his and squeezed it. Well she squeezed the little bit she could cover. A knuckle, basically.
“Twenty minutes,” Cherry warned and then two Durden cruisers and a mothership entered through the star-gate.
“TSAR to the rescue!” shouted Chase and accelerated.
“You what?”
“Trimedian Search and Rescue,” Jimmy said.
“Fair enough.”
“Is it? Is it?” he asked.


OUTMANNED, OUTGUNNED, UNCONCERNED

Durden fighters flew all around The Wild Rover and Salvation as they neared the battle fleet. A.R.S.E fighters flew in to dispose of them and a dogfight began.
“Keep the course,” commanded Chase.
A larger Durden ship pulled close to The Wild Rover.
“We’re with you,” Terd said.
“Concentrate some fire on the bombarders.”
The Durden cruisers opened fire on the bombarders as The Wild Rover and Salvation closed in.
“A quick run?” Dave asked.
“Why not?” 
They accelerated over the rear boosters of the nearest cruiser, The Wild Rover’s FOBG tearing into the ship as the Salvation followed and unleashed its bombs. There were internal explosions, but not much. It was all they could do as they headed to Kargus VI blasting fighters and Missile ships in their way.
***
The PDGs were in the city of Tulmus and this wasn’t going to be as hard as last time. There were no civilians or UTN troops stationed there and the A.R.S.E forces had strolled into the compound.
They screamed overhead and lashed it with lasers.
“We’re landing,” Ferguson said.
“Wait, let us clear it for you,” Jimmy returned.
“Negative, you have other worries. Hell, we’re all fathers here.”
“Really?”
“Don’t sound so surprised.”
Chase shrugged at Jimmy. “Everyone’s a father now.”
“I hope I get de chance,” Jimmy muttered.
They laid down another layer of fire, making sure the defences were ruined and then pulled back as the Durden ship landed.
“Good luck, Terd,” Chase said.
“It’s not about luck, man.”
“So I’ve been telling them.”
With that The Wild Rover and the Salvation pulled up and accelerated away.
***
A dozen heavily armed Durden Raiders poured out of the ship and ran toward the main building. Amongst them Ferguson, Bones Castille, Not John Roberts who looked like John Roberts, but wasn’t and Big Nick the dwarf. Immediately they were set upon by laser fire and all leapt to cover.
“Take out those bloody snipers,” Terd shouted. “We’re going in; follow us when it’s safe.” 
With that the Durden Raiders flung a volley of laser as Terd, Bones, Not John and Big Nick sprinted into the main building.
***
“Chants City coming up. Got a lot of enemy forces here,” Jimmy told them.
“Why?” bemoaned Milk.
“The Grand Hall is situated here,” Cherry informed.
“Where’s the University?” Chase asked.
“Plotting co-ordinates now.”
“We don’t even know if she’s there,” Milk moaned, obviously in great pain. 
Julianna got up and gave him a hug and Dr. Angela Frost’s eyes turned a little green.
“Milk,” Cherry said tenderly, “there is a greater density of people at the Grand Hall, it is more likely she is…”
“Just take us down,” Milk shouted and the cockpit rattled.
“I’m getting word that a Laikan cruiser has come in the star-gate, flanked everyone and is heading toward the planet,” Terd informed them.
“What’s the tag?”
“130979.”
“That’s Trillo’s ship,” Cherry said.
“Valkswagon,” they all said.
“Heading back,” Rob told them.
Then they landed and Milk was running off the ship. The rest of TSAR grabbed weapons and sprinted after him.
“How’re we doing, Terd?” Chase asked as he ran.
“Not good.”
***
In fact it was worse than that. Such an easy galaxy meant that there were a lot of ground troops concentrated in a few areas. 
Bones Castille threw Big Nick through a door and he blasted all he could before dropping on top of a startled Cantorvial who he promptly shot. But now he was surrounded and the others dived into the room blasting where they could. 
“You may have company,” Chase warned.
“Great,” swore Ferguson.
Two of Trillo’s troop carriers landed right in the compound and twenty Laikans ran into the buildings. 
***
The University of Marlik the Thinker as one of the largest in the Universe and the second oldest. It was a sprawling campus of buildings set in gardens. It had been in the Garden of Fotium that the philosopher Vilmat had espoused his theory of naturally occurring star-gates that led to the theory of other universes based on the ‘Shrinking Universe’ theory.
None of this bothered Milk as he ran into the main University building which was a scene of devastation. Laser holes in the walls and debris and bodies scattered around.
The others ran in and Jimmy shot a Merrick who was about to shoot Milk.
Milk was running desperately from room to room whilst the others took pot shots at the remaining A.R.S.E. troops.
“Why?” Julianna decried. “It’s a University.”
“Seats of learning are more a threat than the biggest army,” Angela Frost replied.
***
The Durdens moved into the main building as the new Laikans opened fire. This was not going to go well, Ferguson thought as they ran up the stairs. Caution was to the wind who thankfully decided to keep it and they were nearly up to the gunnery.
“Why are we doing this, boss?” Bones Castille asked as they hid around a corner.
“You don’t know? I gave a speech and everything,” Ferguson said peering around the corner.
“Yeah, I get the whole WAR over/get on with Raiding thing, but I don’t buy it.”
“He’s right, man, you’ve changed,” Not John Roberts said.
Terd leant around the corner and shot the two Laikans there. A Merrick leant around the opposite corner and fired back.
“I’m still cool,” Terd complained.
“Not like that, I mean, you’re doing this because it’s a good thing.”
“Well?” Terd asked before shooting the Merrick and ducking back. “Is there anything wrong with that?”
“If you’re a Durden Raider, yeah, probably,” Bones shrugged.
“Come on,” Ferguson said and ran around the corner.
***
Milk cradled a wounded Enthusian professor.
“Do you know Helena Ghosh?”
“No.”
“No, no, Helena Baker.”
“Yes,” the Enthusian coughed. “She went to defend the Grand Hall.”
“Valkswagon,” cried Milk.
“Professor, change to your real form,” Chase pleaded.
“No, I lived with my students, I will die with them,” and with that he did.
Julianna and Angela collectively gulped a sob.
“Let’s go,” commanded Chase.
***
Terd and his gang had to double back to take on the Laikans entering the building. They were caught up in two rooms of computers and seriously outnumbered.
“We need reinforcements,” shouted Terd.
“They’re not getting through the Laikan battle fleet,” Not John shouted back. “We need to get the hell out of here.”
“No. We do what we said we would do,” Terd shouted back. 
They were right. He had changed, too long in prison, too long with uneducated scum bags had made him question what he was doing anything for. Ultimately wasn’t it for the kind of people he despised in prison? He and those like him thrived on the misery of others. They took their possessions, their family and friends; they killed without thinking just so they could have what they wanted. This WAR was for the same reasons. The misery he had caused others was now writ large upon the face of the Universe. Maybe this was a chance at a new life? A pardon from the UTN? 
He shot a Laikan sneaking around a corner.
***
The Wild Rover flew over the Grand Hall. It was surrounded by A.R.S.E. forces and there were people shooting out of the windows and throwing homemade Molotov cocktails.
“It’s a homemade militia, they won’t last long,” Julianna warned.
“Snipers,” Chase said simply and Julianna and Milk took their positions.
***
And then Kargus VI came into firing range and the bombardment commenced. Craters opened up around the Grand Hall and close to the PDGs.
“They’re going to hit you,” Chase warned.
“No shabbus,” Terd growled. “Let’s go!”
And with that Terd, Big Nick, Bones Castille and Not John ran up the stairs amongst laser fire. Castille was hit and went down and they stopped. Big Nick opened fire as the other two grabbed Bones and dragged him up.
“Come on, Bones, you can do this,” Not John urged as he slung an arm over his shoulder.
“Maybe it’s better to die doing something good,” Castille murmured.
“No one’s dying today,” Ferguson ordered as they dragged him up the last few stairs.
The Laikans were pushing up through the Durden Raiders as they reached the gunnery.
“Hold them off,” commanded Terd as he sat in the gunnery seat and did what Chase had told him. Suddenly ships were up close in his vision and he scanned for a Bombarder. The room shook as the craters got closer. He even saw the Bombarder fire and aimed in on it.
A new man, he thought, new and improved. There wasn’t any pardon waiting for him, only an arrest warrant, but this was good. Better. Doing good was better, he thought to his own surprise. I have changed. But I’m still cool, man. Still cool.
***
The Wild Rover flew over the enemy troops and the sniper guns took them out.
“There’s no time,” Milk shouted.
“He be right,” Jimmy agreed and Chase took The Wild Rover in to land on the roof.
“I’ll be exposed,” complained Cherry.
“No choice.”
“I have a number of them,” retorted Cherry. “Not landing on the roof would be my number one.”
Another shot from a Bombarder hit even closer to the Grand Hall and the firing from inside stopped as the whole building rocked. Enemy forces moved in.
“Land, dammit, land,” shouted Milk.
***
And then heavily armed Merricks arrived at the doorway and shot in. There was nowhere in the gunnery to hide and Ferguson was still aiming, completely exposed in his chair. The Durdens shot at them and took a few, but more seemed to appear. And then they fell and Not John nearly shot Dave Heskin.
“Good guys,” he shouted and held his gun aloft.
“Are we?” Not John asked.
“Er, yeah, I hope so,” Rob said.
***
Doctor Hendricks lifted The Wild Rover off again with Julianna manning the guns. Or womanning.
The rest of TSAR charged down a stair well and entered a room full of young people of different races. Some were cowering next to windows with laser guns, some were just cowering. They were helplessly outgunned.
Chase and Jimmy ran to windows and began firing as The Wild Rover did the same. The attackers were confused at who to shoot at. Even Dr. Frost took a gun and wildly fired out of the window.
Milk ran through the crowd looking.
***
Terd Ferguson took the shot and the bombarder, completely unprepared for PDGs, exploded half way down its hull. The bombarder gun fired once again, but came unattached in doing so.
***
The final shot from the Bombarder landed next to the Great Hall destroying a corner of it.
“Leaving time,” Chase shouted.
“There you are,” Milk said softly and raised the head of a young girl. She looked at him strangely.
“Dad?”
“Yeah.”
“What took you so long?” she tried a smile and he enveloped her in his arms.
***
Terd was aiming up again and fired straight at the other bombarder’s gun blowing it to pieces. The Bombarder ship pulled up and out of his range.
***
“Job done,” he said.
“Good work, man,” Chase replied as the Salvation screamed over the attackers dropping bombs.
“Let’s get out of here,” Julianna said.
“The Oranontium,” Dr. Frost reminded.
“To the roof,” Chase commanded, dramatically pointing up with both hands.
***
No Wild Rover, no Chase and so Trillo had already pulled out and was heading to reports from the Grand Hall.
***
“I’m getting reports that the battle fleet are pulling away to the star-gate,” Terd told them as they flew across the planet.
“That’s good enough for now,” Chase said.
“Shall we give chase?”
“No, why risk your men on a retreat?”
“You know they’ll repair and be sent somewhere else, this isn’t a win if we don’t destroy them.”
“Yeah, I know, but it’s as much of a win as we can hope for,” Chase sighed. “What will you do now?”
“This galaxy is safe for a while, we’ll stay and repair, maybe recruit.”
“Once a Durden Raider…”
“Hey, having some scholars on board can’t be a bad thing. You need us, we’re here.”
“Thanks, man, the UTN could use all the help it can get.”
Terd laughed. “I’m not doing this for the UTN.”
***
They landed in grassy plains as far as the eye could see and got out.
“Thanks for the help out there,” Chase told Dave and Rob.
“It’s cool,” Dave said.
“We’ve actually been told to help you wherever and whenever we can,” Rob told them.
“Well you’re welcome to stay with us.”
“No, forces are spread pretty thin, we better get back to the fight,” Dave said. “Where are you off to next so we can be close by?”
“So we can ride to the rescue again,” Rob grinned.
“Funny,” said Jimmy.
“We need to get back to Headquarters after this,” Dr. Frost said.
“You heard the lady.”
“OK, well you have our number,” they shook hands all round and then the Salvation departed.
“So what are we looking for?” Julianna asked.
“Mushrooms,” Dr. Frost told them looking back at the ship.
“Mushrooms?” Jimmy asked.
“Yes,” she looked back at them. “Oranontium comes from crystals that form inside the Oranon mushrooms. They act as a stabiliser.”
“So how many mushrooms do we need?” Chase asked.
“Lots,” she replied.
“Well, let us start farming then,” Dr. Hendricks said lighting his pipe.
***
Milk sat with his daughter, Helena, in the conference room.
“Are you hurt?”
“No.”
“Well, er, I…” Milk tried.
“It’s been a long time, Dad.”
“Yes it has,” he replied as he tried to find something, anything to look at other than his daughter.
“Why did you leave?”
“I don’t know, it wasn’t right. Your Mum didn’t love me,” he looked at her. “I wasn’t the best person to be a Husband and Father.”
“How could you know that? You left.”
“I know, I know. Your Mum and I talked about it. Really, she didn’t want much to do with me.”
“Because of who you were. You could have changed.”
Milk looked at his hands. “Yes, I know that. Now.”
“And then you completely disappeared for what? Five years?”
“Yes, well that, that was a secret mission.”
“Oh, please, Dad.”
“No it was, it was; in fact we’re still on it.”
“With Chase Darkstaar? Come on, Dad.”
“No, he’s different now, we’re on a UTN mission.”
“And what is that?”
“We’re trying to stop this WAR.”
Helena got up and walked to the door.
“So you haven’t changed, have you? Still full of shabbus.”
“Please,” he stood up, “it’s true, you can ask any of them.”
“A bunch of space pirates?”
“Hey,” Milk suddenly chided. “Do not say that, these are good people on a mission that they didn’t have to be involved in.”
“Sorry,” it was her turn to look at her feet. “Thank you for saving me back there, saving all of us.”
“What of your Mum?”
“She’s OK; she married a computer technician from Tollo.”
“Is he a good Dad?”
“Yes, yes he is. I’m sorry.”
“It’s OK; I just want you to be happy, Helena. Are you happy?”
“I was, I was until this WAR, until the Dad I thought dead turned up in the middle of a siege. I mean why us? We’re just Universities, we’re not soldiers.”
“I know, I know. Innocents suffer the most in any war.” 
“So you don’t suffer?” she tried to smile and then heaved up a great sob.
Milk shoved chairs out of the way to get to his daughter and wrap his trunken arms around her.
***
“It’s a glamorous business, saving the Universe,” Chase said stooped over in the grass.
“All gun battles and farming,” Hendricks smiled around his pipe. “Still we have one benefit.”
“Yeah, what be dat?” Jimmy asked from ahead.
Hendricks stood up with a mushroom. “Well, I’m a ‘fungi’ to be with.”
They groaned and threw mushrooms at him.
“Hey,” Dr. Frost shouted. “We need all we can pick.”
“It’s OK, Doc,” Chase said. “I’ve not got ‘mushroom’ left in my basket,” and even Angela Frost pelted him. 
***
They were walking back to The Wild Rover as Milk and Helena came out and stood at the top of the ramp.
“Hey, guys,” Milk shouted, “Check it out,” and he pointed behind them.
They all turned to see a herd of Walapians moving through the grass. Walapians look a lot like Giraffes but are mottled greens and browns. Suddenly one shot out a long, thick tongue covered in tiny barbs and scooped up a Chanlukine weasel. The bottom jaw extended down to reveal sharp teeth as the tongue sucked the weasel into its mouth.
“And they look like such graceful, peaceful creatures,” Julianna noted.
“Appearances can be deceptive,” Chase said. “Take the Doc here, he’s actually quite intelligent.”
“And Mr Darkstaar is actually funny, but he hides it so, so well,” Hendricks replied.
And then a Laikan ship came out of the blue, hovered and landed close to The Wild Rover.
“Valkswagon,” swore Chase and pulled his pistols.
Milk hustled his daughter back inside, Laikans led by Trillo exited the ship and the Walapians took no notice. The sun began to set.
“Put the guns away, Darkstaar,” Trillo warned amongst ten heavily armed Laikans. Chase holstered his guns.
“Trillo.”
“Come out of there, Milk, or I shoot someone,” Trillo shouted. “In the leg. Definitely somewhere painful. Maybe this innocent looking scientist.”
Milk emerged and stood at the top of the ramp again.
“Finally,” Trillo breathed. “Now you will die, Darkstaar, finally I will have no more thorns in my paw and I can return to the Laikans.”
Return? Chase thought. He’s acting alone. Escaped punishment for letting us escape? 
“I wanted it to be slow and sweet, but just kill them already,” Trillo commanded.
“No,” another Laikan said emerging from the ship.
“What? How dare you!”
“How dare you, Trillo,” the Laikan said. “Word has just reached the Commandant that you are using Laikan forces for your own ends, that you divert resources from our Glorious WAR.”
“No, I, I’m trying to make things right, stop the Trimedian being built.”
“You have been officially excommunicated and stripped of your rank.”
“Like I was ever given a rank,” Trillo spat angrily.
“Cover him,” the Laikan said and those around him turned their guns.
“I did my best,” Trillo shouted. “I only ever did my best and I never got any recognition for what I have done. I only wanted to be part of something, to be more than what they all said I would be,” he looked to the floor. “Nothing.”
“We’ll by dealing with you, I will be promoted to above any rank you could or would get,” the Laikan sneered. “Kill him, but save the face.”
And then Trillo looked at Chase and his face was a mixture of apology, anger, sadness and pleading.
“Oh, really?” Chase asked the sky and then lightning fast pulled his pistols and shot the Laikans surrounding Trillo. 
For himself, Trillo pivoted and shot the Laikan that had sentenced him. 
When the laser smoke had cleared Chase and Trillo faced each other, guns aimed for the kill.
“Trillo.”
“Darkstaar.”
“There’s a Durden Raider ship in galaxy, I’ll let them know you’re coming.”
Trillo looked at his feet and then back at Chase.
“Thank you.”
“Get out of here before I shoot you.”
Trillo backed away to his ship keeping his gun fixed on Chase and then disappeared inside.
They all stood there silently as the ship took off.
“Mercy?” Julianna asked him and Chase shrugged.
She walked over, hugged him and then kissed him briefly, but strongly and with that the others followed her into The Wild Rover.
Chase looked over at the Walapians who had ignored the whole thing and then up to the sky. Perhaps your past didn’t have to define you; not when the present gave you shots at redemption. 

 
THE QUEEN OF STROTIUM

“So to HQ, then,” Chase said.
“No,” Dr. Frost said. “I didn’t realise the tech you had on board, we could get ice crystals from Strotium; I could get further ahead with the Trimedian process than I thought.”
“OK, then, Strotium it is,” Chase said and Jimmy plotted the course.
As they exited their star-gate Milk and his daughter entered the cockpit.
“What is this ship?” Helena asked. “Did we just go through a star-gate?”
“It be a Vulcan class,” Jimmy told her. “Far as we know it be de only one of its kind left.”
“I’m special,” Cherry said.
“How come you’ve got it then? Shouldn’t the UTN own it or something?”
“It’s a long story,” Chase said.
“He stole me,” Cherry cooed.
“Stole is a strong word,” Chase replied.
“Well?” Helena asked.
“Ever heard of The Lost Technology?”
“Nope.”
“Well… back in the day the Greys invented a technology to jump through space and it was fitted to all their spaceships. It’s the same stuff that they made the star-gates out of. 
“Once they had discovered all the galaxies that were in scanner distance of each other, and along with the Victorians had created the Universal Trading Network, they decided to retire the technology. Focus on strengthening the power of the Councils and the Network, with the plan of then going out and finding further galaxies.
“So, in their wisdom, they stowed all the ships and all the technology in one place. They did this so that they would have more power. They didn’t want other races using the technology to find other galaxies and maybe set up a powerbase to challenge their own.
“And then along came the First Laikan War and the Vulcan class was created. It took a long time to make but when it was ready it was what turned the war. They were heavily armed and could pop up anywhere, the Laikans couldn’t fight against them. Their only safe haven was the edge of the Universe.
“When it was all over the Lost Technology was in the public eye, or at least in the eye of those who hadn’t known this technology existed and wanted it. 
They stowed all the ships again where others couldn’t find it and then set about killing anyone who knew about the technology, mainly scientists who had worked on it. Can you believe that? Killing off the people who could run the technology? They were so greedy for their own power and believed that the technology would be there for them when they wanted it.
“So as scientists were dying from accidents or disappearing, the rest did their own disappearing act. Now what I’m told is that someone found out where it was, because the secret base was destroyed along with all the tech. Hence it now being called The Lost Technology. No one know who did it or why, it’s generally theorised that they stole at least some of the technology, but as it’s never appeared that seems unlikely.
“Of course this would be a major scandal, the idea that the Councils are run by a few races, that they kept other races back and killed those who might get in their way, well… Anyway they continued to hunt for the stray scientists and about, well I can’t remember how many years ago they got a lead on one of them, a Grey called Dr. Kino, and I was hired to find and kill him.
“I still remember standing in the shadows of his hotel room, the Hollis Intergalactical, and I think he had a deal with someone to blow the lid on the whole thing. He couldn’t know I was there, but he spoke to the shadow I was in, told me that he wasn’t scared, that he had expected this, that he knew he couldn’t ever blow the story, but had to try. 
“I stepped out of the shadows at that point and he looked into my eyes. I’ll never forget the deep wells of sadness that were his own eyes. He stared into my eyes and then he told me that the Lost Technology wasn’t lost. It would be with his death, unless someone else knew. He smiled a tired smile and told me that ‘she would like me’. I made him explain and then take me to a small moon where the ship was. 
“He told me that on that fateful day they had been running tests and had, quite against the rules, taken one of the Vulcans out into space. As they returned, him and another, they saw what was happening and turned back. 
“Turned out that he had appeared now because he was dying. Some kind of heart problem. We flew the ship from where she was hidden and he was so happy to be on it again, to be talking to Cherry. We travelled to places he had always wanted to see. We got into some scrapes with bounty hunters and others that were searching for him, but he didn’t care, he trusted me. 
“And then once we had spent a night on the beaches of Gurin, watched the Dance of the Suns as they rose, he died. We were flying out of the galaxy and he seemed happy, rested and content and then he said ‘goodbye’ to Cherry and died. She’s never been the same since.”
“But you continued on as a hitman,” Julianna said.
“Yeah. I wasn’t going to join the UTN was I?”
“And that’s why you wouldn’t accept some of the jobs that came your way,” Milk said.
“After that, only the scumbags, those that fed off innocents. Well mostly, I have to admit.”
“And dat’s why No Fingers had it in for him,” Jimmy smiled.
Chase barked a laugh and then choked on a sob.
“I’ve been a Wild Rover for many a year. Anyway, entering Strotium atmosphere,” Chase shrugged.
***
Strotium’s Sun was in the midst of a solar wind called Horsfelt. It meant that the heat the Sun generated was blown away from Strotium and the planet was almost completely frozen. Utien, another planet in the solar system was entirely uninhabitable desert for the same reason.
 Dr. Frost asked Cherry to do a scan and chose a landing spot that gave off the highest density of Strotium ice cores.
Stepping out of The Wild Rover they looked at the bare mountains that had them in shadow. In the distance they could see dunes of ice and snow and the wind blew flakes into the air, shining in the Sun that failed to warm them. 
“The shadow of the mountain keeps it even colder here, good for the cores of the ice crystals,” Dr. Frost explained.
“So we just shovel some of this up?” Jimmy asked.
“Basically.”
“Easy money,” Chase smiled.
And then they were surrounded by people none of them had ever seen. And they were holding spears made entirely out of ice.
“Again,” Chase said, “we have lasers; spears are not going to cut it.”
“Don’t,” Dr. Frost said stepping forward and then the aliens fell to their knees and buried their faces in the snow.
“Do we leave?” Milk asked.
One alien stood. He was a lot like a Grey alien, but was completely covered in thick white fur. I believe they call it evolution. Or just good sense.
“I apologise for my erect posture, Our Salvation,” he said.
“Not a problem,” Chase replied.
“Silence in her presence,” the alien commanded.
TSAR looked around at Juliana and Dr. Frost, but the alien only looked at Angela.
“Me?” she asked.
“We have waited for your coming for many generations. Thank you, Our Salvation.”
“Could you make the others stand up?” she asked.
“Of course. Be upstanding!” he commanded and the rest stood.
“You are going to have to explain this one,” Chase said.
“Kill the infidel and take Our Salvation to the village,” the alien said and the rest raised their spears.
Chase pulled his pistol and shot into the snow, which melted.
“He has The Heat,” a number of them whispered in awe.
“Yes, the heat. Now explain to us why our friend here is Your Salvation.”
“Very well, come with us,” the alien said and turned.
“Wait,” Angela said and he turned again. “What is your name?”
“My name is Entain, Our Salvation.”
“It is nice to meet you, Entain,” she said.
“The pleasure is ours and ours alone, Our Salvation. Come and see your Prophecy.”
“Prophecy?” Milk asked her.
“As if I know,” she whispered back and they all followed the aliens.
They walked to the mountains and to a rent in the stone. They passed through and into a cave, but it was too dark to see anything.
“Please be waiting,” the alien said and they stood there for five minutes before the Sun moved to shine through another rent higher up in the mountain. And what it lit dumbfounded them.
The walls had intricate carvings all over them, pictures and words in the Grey alien’s script.
“Can anyone read this?” Chase asked.
“I can,” Dr. Hendricks said.
“I’m pretty good,” Jimmy said.
“Really?” Julianna asked.
“Books, cover and all dat, Julianna.”
“Sorry.”
“So what is it?”
Jimmy scoured the walls.
“It be schematics. Schematics for de Lost Technology.”
“You’re joking,” said Milk.
“No, I agree,” Dr. Hendricks agreed. “That’s exactly what it appears to be.”
“So what does this have to do with me?” Dr. Angela Frost asked.
“Here,” Entain pointed to another wall covered in pictures.
As with the other wall the pictures were carved and had solid colouring. There was a rough picture of a woman with striking yellow hair; next to it was a circle with what appeared to be a spaceship flying away. There were pictures of food and drinks and happy faces. Most of these pictures were repeated again and again.
“Make anything of it, Doc?” Chase asked.
“No,” Angela said.
“Other one,” Chase said.
“Oh. Right.”
“This is Our Saviour,” Entain said pointing to the woman. “She will then take us off of this cold, barren planet and take us to a place of happiness, food and drink.”
“Doc?” Chase questioned.
“Well, it seems that someone was stranded here and carved these pictures, someone who worked with the Lost Technology.”
“Oh, come on,” Milk protested. “What are the chances of Chase telling us that story and then we come across one of the scientist’s hiding places?”
“Quite high apparently,” Chase shrugged.
“Well, we don’t know when this was done; it could be one of the scientists or, for all we know, this could be the original drawings for the technology. Hundreds, maybe thousands of years old.”
“But what of the other pictures? The prophecy,” Angela asked.
“Doodles,” Dr. Hendricks replied putting his pipe into his mouth. “Whoever was here was quite possibly stuck. Forever or for a self-imposed amount of time; either way when he or she wasn’t carving the schematics, I assume he, they were carving what they looked forward to. The woman represents company, or is a fantasy. Maybe a wife or daughter. The circle and the ship is of leaving this planet and of course eating good food and drinking. See this glass? It is what Chokdee cocktails used to be served in. Still are in some expensive restaurants. Very flimsy glass,” he nodded to himself.
“Why would a Grey fantasise about human women?” Milk asked.
“Why not? And anyway, the technology was Grey, perhaps the person was merely copying a handbook. Or was fluent in the language? We know nothing about this.”
“We be knowing more once we get back, I’ve scanned it all into de computer,” Jimmy said.
“Then we need to get back and get more ingredients,” Julianna said.
“No.” Entain protested. “You are Our Salvation. You must save us.”
“How many of you are there?” Angela asked.
“Two hundred.”
“We don’t have a big enough ship.”
“You must. This is the Prophecy.”
Dr. Angela Frost took a deep breath.
“No, you have mistaken the prophecy, see here the pictures are repeated?”
“Yes, I see that.”
“There is a war going on in the Universe, do you understand war?”
“No.”
“Do you ever fight anyone?”
“Pontar Bears,” Entain said.
“Right,” Angela continued. “Lots of planets are fighting the same way you fight Pontar Bears. Now is not the time to take you away.
“The pictures are repeated for they tell of my coming to let you know that your suffering is not much longer and that I am coming back, I or one of my emissaries who are with me,” she spread her arms to take in the rest of TSAR. “Soon we will come for you, you may rejoice that it is not much longer, but now I have to go to prepare the way, to finish the Great War so that your people have somewhere to live and thrive.”
“Thank you, Our Salvation, we never stopped believing,” Entain said and then they all fell to their faces again.
The Sun began to move away from the hole and they left, leaving the aliens to scramble to their feet and run after them.
“When, Our Salvation?” Entain asked.
“When the time has come. I take some snow from your planet so that you are ever in my thoughts,” she gave the rest of them a stare and they began desperately shovelling up snow.
“May I speak with you, Emissary Milk?” Angela asked.
“Of course, my, er, Queen?” he stood and walked over to her.
“How much of the Universe have you seen?”
“Not as much as I thought, it seems.”
“I’ve spent most of my life in a laboratory, even as a child.
“My Father was a scientist and he thought everything revolved around science; not fun or imagination.”
“My Father thought everything revolved around Carute whisky,” Milk said looking at the horizon.
“I never got toys for my birthday, just science sets and I grew up to believe the same things he did.
“Once when I had a summer job I secretly bought a doll. I played with it in secret in a copse of trees, but I couldn’t enjoy it, I felt silly and guilty and so I buried it,” she frowned.
“You can’t blame yourself,” Milk looked down at her.
“But he was wrong, wasn’t he? I was wrong. There is so much more to the Universe, so much more than just science and tests and hypotheses.”
“I guess nothing out there can explain everything, the Universe is too big, too crazy,” Milk went to put an arm around her.
“Do not touch Our Salvation, minion,” Entain screamed at him.
“Right, right, sorry,” Milk apologised.
***
Dr. Angela Frost stood at the top of the ramp with Chase Darkstaar as Entain and his men watched.
“Soon,” Angela called back down. “Keep the faith.”
She stepped in as the ramp retracted and looked at Chase.
“You will go back for them, won’t you? When all this is over.”
“I will.”
“Promise me, Darkstaar.”
“I promise,” he smiled. “We all need some Salvation.”

 
PRISONERS OF WAR

Milk stood and watched Angela at work.
“This ship is quite incredible,” she said looking down a microscope. “And Cherry is a real blessing.”
“Well, it’s nice to finally have someone who appreciates me,” Cherry said.
“The calculations she can do are incredible and she can regulate the machines within a thousandth of a second,” Dr. Frost continued.
“What about what just happened?” Milk asked.
Dr. Angela Frost looked up from the microscope.
“I’m trying not to think about it. Getting captured by those cannibals was so horrid, the idea that they would kill me war or no war, but the idea that those aliens needed to be saved, not from this WAR, just from circumstance. The Universe just keeps surprising me,” she looked at him.
“Yeah. It’s big and weird alright.”
“There’s good and bad out there, war or no war. No, that’s not right, those cannibals weren’t bad, were they?”
“No. Just doing what they do. That’s most of the Universe, to be honest. Just people doing what they do.”
“And that’s you too, isn’t it? And Chase and Jimmy and all of you. Just doing what you do. Hide the Trimedian? OK. Find it again? Alright. Collect the ingredients in the middle of a war? No problem.”
“We don’t have much else. Not like you, Angela; you don’t need to be a part of this.”
“No. I told you, I had science, but there is more to it all than just that. Science isn’t people living lives.”
“Don’t try and be us, Angela, I don’t want that for you.”
“Don’t try and protect me, Milk,” she chided.
“Why not? Some people need protecting. That’s why we’re doing this. Let me tell you a story from the past…
“I’d just started with Chase. I was the go between, you see? It was too dangerous for Chase to meet clients in case they were there to kill him. Plenty of people wanted that by then, he’d assassinated some pretty important people. He was so good at it, you know? He just didn’t care. Imagine that attitude he has now, but focussed on killing people. He just didn’t care, he seemed to have a death wish, like he wanted to be caught and killed, but he was too good for that to happen.
“Anyway, I used to hang out in this bar in Welpine City, it’s a scummy city, shame the Laikans haven’t flattened it. It’s like a classless Ictopia and that’s saying something. So these men come up to me and tell me they have a job and straight away I know it’s serious. These guys were obviously Shen Mi and some guy was trying to sell them out, sell information to a rival group. I heard it was the Desard Family, but I dunno about that, they disappeared not long after. Anyway, I met Chase and the job was on.
“We didn’t know Julianna that well then, but Chase roped her in on the hit, to get the guy in a hotel room with his pants down and she needed the money. A hotel full of his bodyguards and just me and Chase to get through them all. Not that that was an issue, we took them out slowly, ambushing or surrounding them, appearing at both ends of a corridor. It took us a long time.
“We’d told Julianna that it wouldn’t take long, but it did. I don’t know what she had to do to keep him occupied, she wouldn’t tell us, but I now know that he had some kinky fetishes. When we finally got to him, he pleaded that it wasn’t what we thought, that he knew things. We never found out what, or at least I didn’t, I think Chase found out. But it was a trap, you see?
“The Shen Mi knew that Desard or whoever else wanted this information, they were trying to cut into their business, extending their empire, right? So they used us to try and lure out the buyer and take them out. Destroy their organisation and make a point about not trying to muscle in on their operations, I don’t know the point of it all. The fact for us was that we were in a shabbus storm and had to fight our way out of that hotel. It was a blood bath, poor Julianna had never been in something like that, neither had I, and she was never quite the same again. A little harder. But Chase waltzed through it, killing people here there and everywhere.
“We finally got close to the roof and Chase made us protect a room, shooting down the corridor, while he talked to the man. He then shot him. That’s what I say, I think Chase found out what he knew and then shot him so that the Desards or the Shen Mi couldn’t get to him, but the threat to the Shen Mi still existed. Just killed the guy before we shot our way up to the roof and Jimmy picked us up in The Wild Rover.
“We took Julianna back to her bar and she pleaded to come with us, not to be left there, but Chase took no notice. He left me there too.
“He was angry at being used and him and Jimmy went off, went to take on not only the Shen Mi, but some say they destroyed the Desards too. That, along with everything else is hearsay and what I pieced together from news articles, but I think they got to the top, I think that’s how he met Evangeline. He messed up there operations pretty badly and brought them to the attention of the InterG. The Shen Mi didn’t officially exist until he went after them, they still don’t to be honest.
“What I’m saying is that we have violent and unhappy pasts, we’ve done bad things for bad reasons that we’re trying to get away from. That’s not you, Angela.”
She smiled at him.
“I’m not sure what I’m to make of that story, Milk.”
“It’s not me anymore, it hasn’t been for a long time.”
“I know that,” she took his hand. “But is that why you’re doing this? I don’t think it’s to make amends, I think you’re doing this because this is what you do now.”
“Because we don’t have anything else.”
“You do now,” she smiled.
***
“It’s nice to arrive in a galaxy and not find a space battle,” Chase said as they arrived in the Riugh galaxy.
“How many galaxies are under attack?” Helena asked.
“Not as many as it seems,” Jimmy said. “Dey started out wit’ about a third of de galaxies and dat number is about the same now, but many galaxies have fallen and de A.R.S.E forces have moved on.”
“They’re not staying? Reinforcing their positions?”
“No. That’s the weird thing. I mean, they are leaving troops, but seemingly not consolidating,” Chase said. “As far as we can see from here, but we’re not getting all the info.”
“So the attack on the University was for nothing?” Helena asked.
“I don’t know,” Chase said. “I don’t believe that they are doing anything without reason.”
“We should be finding out,” she said.
“We should be getting Helena to UTN HQ,” Milk said entering the cockpit.
“Doc’s orders, Milk. Get the Belic gas before we go back. Urdovit isn’t under attack and it will help her back at the labs.”
“I still don’t like it.”
“And that’s what makes you a good Father, Milkster.”
“Fine. Let’s just get it done.”
“Ever been here?” Jimmy asked.
“Nope,” replied Chase. “Went to a party two planets away though. Nice people, great party. What I can remember of it; Torreen Mud Fight, I remember that bit.”
“You would,” Julianna said.
“I would, wouldn’t I?”
“I’ve been here,” Hendricks said.
“Yeah?” Chase asked. “What’s it like?”
“It’s a mining planet. I came to inspect some artefacts they had uncovered.”
“What were they?” Julianna asked.
“Amazing, an ancient civilisation, but I didn’t have time for it so I gave it to a student of mine. He might still be there, though I think the mining companies might have stopped any digging. Interrupts productivity, you see?”
“That’s sad,” Helena said.
“I think there is a more important part to my story,” Hendricks said.
“Mining world,” Chase said.
“Yes. Lots of Laikans.”
***
As they approached they were met by mining company ships of the Falst Mining Company.
“State your business.”
“Just here to pick up some Belic gas,” Chase said.
“On whose authority?”
“The Great Council.”
“Wait.”
Chase powered back as the ships surrounded them.
“We have no such communiques.”
“Well you can ask them yourselves, they’ll vouch for us.”
There was silence for nearly five tense minutes.
“I’ve just been scanned,” Cherry complained haughtily. “How rude.”
“Follow us in,” they were told over the radio.
Chase shrugged at Jimmy and then followed the ships into atmosphere.
***
To keep a world running on fuels there are places in that world that cannot be inhabited because there is whatever fuel there to be dug up. To run a Universe there are fuel rich planets that are taken over for mining. A lot of the time the fuels that made up the planet made it pretty uninhabitable anyway and others were asteroids that floated into the known Universe and needed to be mined quickly before they left out the other side. That still left a great number where the inhabitants were shipped off-world with ‘generous’ payments.
As with anywhere the, at best amoral, at worst illegal activities of mining companies were largely overlooked by Governments due to the need for fuel. And as long as it didn’t affect them, people were generally happy not to have to walk everywhere.
***
They landed on Urdovit in a large compound and straightaway it was clear that something was wrong. Firstly there was a lack of Laikans. Laikans are impressive miners with an uncanny ability to dig and so make up the majority of any mining workforce and from what Chase and Jimmy could see out of the cockpit window, there weren’t any around. 
OK, so maybe they were all away mining. Except that there were a lot of the giraffe-like Tarancorts, and a lot of them were carrying guns. There were hastily erected towers at the corners of the compound’s wire fence and others dotted along it, each carrying an armed man.
“Lot of Tarancorts,” Chase noted.
“It be an Tarancort galaxy,” Jimmy noted back.
“I think,” Chase pondered, “that you should stay in the ship, Doc.”
“How come?” Hendricks asked.
“I’ve got a bad feeling about this.”
***
Chase was considering just taking off again when they were hailed and told to come out. Chase could see armed men around the ship and his contriguement got the better of him.
“OK, Doc, go and hide; Helena go find a room to chill out in. In fact, go to the lab with Dr. Frost, let’s keep this landing party to a minimum. Milk go to the door, I don’t want anyone coming up before we’re ready to come down.”
The ramp lowered and Milk looked out on ten armed Tarancorts and another wearing a suit standing in front of them.
“Well, hi there,” Milk called cheerily.
“We are coming up,” the suit said.
“Nope. You’re not invited,” Milk shrugged at them.
“We have the weapons, we are in charge here,” the suit said angrily.
“Weapons don’t make you in charge,” Milk shook his head sadly. “Why don’t people get that?”
“What’s happening?” Chase asked cheerily. “Hi, down there.”
“They want to come in,” Milk explained.
“Nope.”
“They have guns,” Milk waved his hands in ‘fear’.
“Ooh,” Chase replied equally scared.
“How many of you are there?” the suit asked.
“Four. We’re coming down,” Chase called back and the two of them walked down the ramp, followed by Jimmy and Julianna.
Behind them the ramp retracted as the two groups eyed each other.
“What do you want?” the suit asked.
“We told you.”
“Right. Mission for the UTN, problem is we don’t follow orders from them anymore.”
“Well, that is interesting,” Chase replied. “But not as interesting as armed Tarancorts on a mining planet.”
“It is none of your business what is going on here,” the suit said sternly.
“No, you’re right. Except you’re the ones who made us land here instead of getting the Belic gas and being on our way.”
“You really don’t think we’re going to fall for that, do you?”
“Have you been in contact with the Council?” Julianna asked.
“There is no need,” the suit replied.
“Obviously there is,” Milk said.
“What is of more interest is your ship.”
“What is of more interest is that this is obviously a military operation and you’re not a military man,” Chase said. “What are you? Office supplies manager?”
“Tea boy?” Jimmy asked.
“Logistics,” the suit replied angrily.
“Why we be talking to you den?” Jimmy asked.
“Because your ship is of interest to my department.”
“You have a department?” Chase asked.
“Fancy,” Milk remarked.
“This is getting us nowhere,” Julianna said. “You’re not getting our ship, we don’t care what you’re doing here; we just want the gas and if you don’t like the situation take us to someone with real power.”
“Yeah, and get us some tea too,” Jimmy added.
“I will not be talked to like this,” the suit fumed.
“Well, you are. Get used to it,” Chase said. “Now take us to your boss.”
“No. You will open the ship or we will shoot you. One by one.”
“Except,” Chase said, “you’ll notice the ship’s anti-personnel guns are trained on you.”
As the suit looked up at the guns one of the troops put his hand to his earpiece. He then whispered something to the suit.
“It looks like you have a reprieve,” the suit said. “The General wants to see you.”
“Like I said,” Julianna said.
***
They walked through the compound to a larger building in the middle and as soon as they entered the General shouted at the suit.
“What were you thinking?”
“Sir, the ship is something else, something new,” the suit whined.
“I don’t care. What are you doing bringing these people here? Did you verify their claim?”
“No, Sir, it is obviously not true. Look at them.”
“I don’t need to, all I did was put through a call. They are who they say they are.”
“But, Sir that could endanger our mission. If the UTN found out…”
“Don’t talk to me about the mission, and do you think I am stupid? Stupid enough to go through official channels?”
“No, Sir, sorry, Sir,” the suit said to his feet.
“Now get out,” the General said and waited until he was out. “I assume it is too late for you to leave and forget about this.”
“Sorry, General, but I can’t leave a mystery unsolved,” Chase said.
“I am not ashamed of what is going on here, it is for our protection.”
“Lots of Laikans in your galaxy. Here on this planet.”
“It was our planet before we got turfed off,” the General said.
“You can’t take it back from de mining company,” Jimmy said.
“No. That’s not it,” Chase said.
“Oh, valkswagon, you struck first, didn’t you?” Julianna asked in horror.
“We couldn’t risk it,” the General agreed.
“Wait. You killed the Laikans?” Milk asked.
“No,” the General shook his head. “We’re not murderers.”
“So where are they?” Julianna asked.
“In camps. Look you have to see it from our point of view; there is WAR with the Laikans and we have an army of them already here, ready to follow orders.”
“No,” Chase shook his head. “They’re just miners, not soldiers, there’s no saying they would just jump into a war.”
“There’s no saying they wouldn’t,” the General countered.
“That doesn’t make it right,” Milk thundered. “You have to give them the chance.”
“No. No I don’t. Nor do I have to give you the chance.”
“Don’t threaten us,” Chase warned.
“But wait a second,” Julianna said. “Suit guy said about the UTN not knowing. This isn’t sanctioned. This isn’t part of the WAR.”
“Young lady, governments go to war, businesses don’t. You think that just because the UTN and Laikans are at WAR that changes the mining operations? The UTN needs the fuel, the mining companies need the money. War changes nothing.”
“So we’re making a deal,” Chase said.
“You need this Belic gas, we can’t have the UTN knowing about this,” the General agreed. “I can assure you they are more interested in the mining than the WAR. Or the safety of this galaxy and it’s people.”
“You can’t hope to pull this off,” Milk said. “Once production stops you’ll have the UTN and the mining company gunning for you. It’s madness.”
“War is madness and we have no intention of letting the mining here stop,” the General said.
“If we be going now, we can help stop dis WAR, den no one gets hurt,” Jimmy said.
Chase sighed. He was right, they had to complete their mission above anything else.
“We go now, we get the gas and we leave. Our lips sealed.”
“Chase,” Julianna urged.
“Jimmy’s right, Juli, our mission can stop the WAR, stop all this.”
“I don’t like it.”
“Neither do I, but Chase is right,” Milk said putting a hand on her shoulder.
The General nodded to himself.
“I do not want to stop your mission, I do not want the weight of war on my shoulders. Go.”
***
They walked back through the compound to the ship. It struck Chase that this was still a mining operation, which the Tarancorts were trying to keep the running to avoid detection and make the money. He wasn’t sure how to feel about it, he could understand the fear of invasion, but that could not justify striking first. Whatever the reason or excuse, if you attack or invade first you are the bad guy, the aggressor. And of course there was the question of who was doing the mining.
They walked up the ramp and were met by a frantic Helena.
“He’s gone, he’s gone,” she cried.
“Calm down, Helena. Who’s gone?” Milk asked, hands on her shoulders.
“Doctor Hendricks. He locked himself in the cockpit and wouldn’t let us in. We could hear him talking to Cherry and then he stormed out. Angela tried to talk to him, but he wouldn’t reply. He took a gun and left.”
“Where’s Dr. Frost now?” Chase asked.
“I’m here. I didn’t know what to do. Go after him or stay here. I’ve been trying to raise you and Hendricks on the comms.”
“Dey must have blockers set up, good ones. Stop de UTN listening in,” Jimmy said.
“Come on,” Chase said.
***
“What’s happening, Cherry?” Chase asked in the cockpit.
“She won’t tell,” Angela said.
“The doctor told me not to.”
“But you can tell me.”
“He wanted a scan of the area, everything I could give him. He got very angry and then very sad. I only did as I was asked,” Cherry said remorsefully.
“It’s OK, Cherry,” Chase soothed. “He found the camps, didn’t he?”
“Yes.”
“Shabbus,” Julianna breathed.
“But you kept track o’ him, girl,” Jimmy said.
“Yes. I’ll feed it to your computer.”
“No need. We’re going to drop in while the others collect the gas,” Chase said.
“Why?”
“Because we can’t be seen to be doing anything other than what we said. The Doc will get locked up for being a Laikan; it’ll affirm everything the General thought.”
Jimmy took The Wild Rover up and away from the compound before circling back around to Hendrick’s position. Chase and Milk were hooked up to ropes, and as The Wild Rover passed close by a hatch opened and they abseiled down the ropes.
They unhooked themselves and The Wild Rover flew off before the ropes had retracted. Milk pulled his pistol, but Chase waved at him to put it away.
“No guns.”
They ran through light scrub to find another compound, this one obviously recently and hurriedly built and with the gates hanging open, two Tarancort guards laying shot dead.
“Oh, Doc,” Milk breathed.
They walked in and could see, despite the gates being open, scraggly, thin, exhausted Laikans milling about.
“Hendricks,” Chase shouted.
“Chase. Go away,” he shouted back.
“Not happening, Doc,” he called and walked along between makeshift tents to reach him.
“Look at this, look at what they’ve done,” Hendricks said angrily.
“I’m seeing it, Doc.”
The Laikans had been rounded up and put in camps where they were kept like criminals. It was obvious that they were still being worked in the mines, but barely fed and with no washing facilities or recreation. Chase could see blood stains on matted fur and Laikans laying on the floor presumably dead.
“How long have they been here?” Chase asked.
“Too long,” Hendricks replied.
“Doc, I’m sorry, I really am, but we have to go,” Milk said.
“No. You think this is because they’re my people, but it’s because they are people. No one should be treated like this. No one.”
“What can we do, Doc?” Chase asked.
“Free them, tend to them.”
“The Tarancorts did this because they feared they would be a threat. If we let them go, they will be.”
“I care not for the people who did this,” Hendricks spat.
“We’re in a no win situation, Doc,” Milk said.
“As are these poor people. This isn’t just fear, this is brutality.”
Chase rubbed his eyes.
“I can see that, but I can’t make this right. Milk’s right, we’re in a no win situation.”
“You certainly are,” the General said as Tarancort soldiers surrounded them.
***
“So… Belic gas come from volcanoes?” Jimmy said.
“Yes, didn’t I mention that?” Dr. Frost asked.
“No. No, you didn’t.”
Urdovit had seven major volcanoes along with numerous smaller ones all over the planet. None of the seven major volcanoes had erupted since the formation of the UTN which was both a blessing and a curse to the Falst Mining Company. The pressure from the volcanoes created the fuel they mined and made it high quality, but they also had to mine as fast as they could in fear that any or all of those volcanoes could erupt. Scientists believed that at least one was overdue for a big eruption.
One of the reasons the volcanoes hadn’t erupted was that they were continuously venting gas. Belic gas to be exact, which is why Julianna had the helm as Jimmy Jazz dangled from a rope in a space suit that he hoped was heat proof. Dr. Frost had knocked up a simple box that held a vacuum and Jimmy gripped it as he was lowered over a small gas vent.
Below him he could see the crater full of bubbling molten lava and all around him were great spumes of gas. Below him gas vented and when it stopped he counted until it vented gas again. He did this three times until he was sure and then counted to just before the next vent, pressed the button on the vacuum and lowered it down just as the gas vented, letting the box fill before pulling it up.
***
“So I was right. We were right,” the General said.
“It’s not what it looks like,” Chase said.
“You’re here under false pretences, the UTN sent you to take back the mine. Or are you here with the Laikans?” he gestured to Hendricks. “Here to free the army.”
“I did this. We came here for the gas, but I could not sit by and let this happen,” Hendricks said.
“So what am I to believe? Either you are all in on this or you have a Laikan spy in your midst.”
“It’s neither,” Chase said.
“You said you were imprisoning them, you said you feared they would attack, but you’ve been abusing them,” Milk spat angrily.
“I can’t control what my soldiers do,” the General shrugged.
“Some General you are then,” Milk said.
The General swiftly pointed his gun at him.
“Watch your tongue. I could have let you go, except the Laikan scum, but now I think none of you are going anywhere.”
“You know we are here to stop the WAR,” Chase said.
“I don’t care if the Universe burns as long as my galaxy is safe.”
“You’re mad,” Milk said. “He’s mad.”
“War is madness, isn’t that what you said, General?” Chase asked.
“Enough of this, you will call your ship here and it will land in the main compound and your friends will surrender or you will die.”
Chase looked around him, surrounded by armed guards; the Doc had been forced to drop his machinegun and though Chase and Milk still had their pistols they couldn’t shoot everyone without being shot back. It was a no win situation. 
But then he’d been doing some reading about no win situations.
***
Jimmy had pulled up the now full vacuum box and was about to radio to be pulled up when his radio crackled.
“Jimmy? You over a volcano?”
“Unfortunately, mon.”
“Well we’ve been caught trying to free the abused Laikan prisoners.”
Abused? That wasn’t the story the General had spun.
“You’re asking for a rescue?”
“No. They’ll shoot us if you don’t agree to land at the compound and surrender. It’s a no win situation, just like Kivet’s Crossing.”
Jimmy looked down at the crater and its bubbling death. He had to be joking. Jimmy swore to himself and once again considered that he should have kicked Darkstaar out of his garage and taken his chances with No Fingers. Freddy was crazy and dangerous, but not half as much as Chase.
“OK. The gas is playing havoc with our engines, we won’t be quick, but we’re coming. Tell them, we’re coming, don’t shoot anyone; that could cause a chain reaction they wouldn’t like.”
Jimmy told them to pull him up and as soon as he was back in the cockpit asked Cherry for a scan and got Dr. Frost to work.
***
“So we’re at an impasse,” Chase said.
“Not from where I am standing,” the General said.
“But you see around about now a bomb is being dropped into a volcano, into a specific spot that will cause a chain reaction. This world is about to be blown apart.”
“What have you done?” the General shouted.
“It’s a no win situation, so I’m ending the game. I noticed alarms in the compound, the mining company will be alerted to an imminent eruption, no doubt my friends are warning them too. They’ll be here to evacuate the workers very soon and there will be hell to pay if they find you here and know what you’ve done.”
“If what you say is true these warmongers will tell them anyway.”
Chase shrugged.
“But at least you’ll be prepared for it.”
In the distance they could hear alarms starting to ring.
“It seems you are not bluffing. But what’s to stop me killing you now?”
“The fact that my ship is waiting to destroy your transporters. We’ll die, you’ll die, but my friends will be able to continue with our mission.”
The General stared at him.
“Why are you doing this?”
“This is wrong. These Laikans were innocent, but you gave them a reason to hate you, a reason to attack you if we freed them. Whether I choose to free them or not, someone loses. Maybe better that everyone does.”
“But how can you? We’re the good guys here, can’t you see that? We just wanted to protect our people.”
“No,” Dr. Hendricks said angrily. “You attacked first, you imprisoned and tortured innocent people. That makes you the bad guys, doesn’t matter how much you wrap it up in excuses and reasons. You are the aggressors, these Laikans are innocent until they prove themselves guilty.”
The General stared at him and then raised his gun. The Tarancort soldiers were getting antsy, they had heard what Chase had said and could hear the evacuation sirens. They started to move away slowly.
“Stay where you are,” the General commanded, but they took more steps away.
The General lowered his gun and the soldiers fled.
“I just wanted to do what was right,” he said.
“This wasn’t the way to do it,” Chase said gently.
“Says you,” the General said and blew his own brains out.
“He was right,” Milk said sadly, “war is madness.”
“Let the transports go, come pick us up,” Chase said into the radio.
***
Chase had been right about all, but one thing. The Tarancorts fled leaving the mine empty; the mining company sent out craft to evacuate the miners (well, let’s be honest, all the important and/or expensive stuff under the guise of evacuating the workforce); but there was no chain reaction. That became apparent rather quickly. There had never been a bomb, just a hijacking of the systems to report an imminent eruption. You didn’t really think Chase was going to blow up a whole world of innocent people, did you? You didn’t, right?



THE ANKARIANATOR

 The Hadess Galaxy was quiet, no A.R.S.E Forces attacking here and The Wild Rover flew to Tookken and the HQ of the Universal Trading Network.
***
They sat together in the dimly lit room.
“So work on the Trimedian has begun?” Sir Jeffery asked.
“Yes,” replied Fong-gan
“Then it is nearly over,” breathed Mark.
“It’s not and you know it,” George told him crossly. 
“We are blind men groping for a prize that we have only been told is in the room,” Hikcet said.
“Probe information has so far turned up nothing,” Hopkirk scolded. “We know nothing at this juncture.”
“More than you’re letting on,” Chase Darkstaar said walking out of the shadows.
“How long have you been here?” demanded George, the Albertine.
“Long enough. What’s really going on here?”
“Good day, gentlemen,” Andrew Forster greeted coming through the door.
“Ah, Andrew,” Sir Jeffery greeted back. “Have you met Chase Darkstaar?”
“Well, no, glad to finally make your acquaintance,” Forster smiled and shook Chase’s hand.
“As well you.”
“Come sit down, Andrew,” Hopkirk offered. “What of Earth?”
“Everything is progressing well.”
“Earth, Earth, Earth,” mused Chase.
“Is there something we can do for you Mr. Darkstaar?” Fong-gan asked irritably. “Shouldn’t you be out finding the rest of the ingredients for the Trimedian?”
“All in good time. First I want you to go and pick up a woman named Jermima Baker and her husband on Tollo. Bring them to safety here.”
“We will do no such thing, there is a WAR going on,” Mark the Oncolutian fumed.
“You will if you want the rest of the Trimedian.”
“Are you blackmailing us?” George asked.
“Nope,” Chase pulled his twin pistols and Jimmy emerged from the shadows with a gun. “I’m threatening you.”
“How dare you, sir,” protested Sir Jeffery.
“In so many ways,” Chase countered.
“It will be done, Darkstaar,” Hopkirk announced. “Put the guns away and be on your business.”
“We leave once a ship has been sent to Tollo,” Chase said and walked out, Jimmy in tow.
***
“So you’re going again?” Helena asked.
“I have to,” Milk replied.
“You don’t have to; you could stay here with me.”
“Your Mum is on her way here.”
“So?”
“So the three of you will be safe.”
“But you will be gone again.”
“I have to.”
“Whatever,” she turned her back on him to look out of a window.
“Helena, please,” begged Milk.
“Just come back to me when this is all finished.”
“I will.”
***
“How’re you doing, Doc?” Chase asked walking in the room and sitting.
“I don’t know. How could they do that to those people?”
“I don’t know. Fear, I suppose.”
“You think that justifies it?” Hendricks asked angrily.
“No. There is no justification with fear.”
“How many camps did we liberate?”
“All of them.”
“And you saw the state of those Laikans. Fear subsides, they had spent months torturing and abusing them.”
“Yes,” Chase sighed. “You’re right. We make enemies out of people and then think that is a reason to do unspeakable things.”
“You never take sides, do you?” Hendricks asked pensively.
“You know who I was, I can’t.”
“So what will you do when this is all over? Is there a place in the Universe for you?”
“I dunno, Doc. I hope so. What about you? Back to Rarbar?” Chase asked.
“No other choice, I suppose,” Dr. Hendricks replied.
“You don’t seem too excited by the idea.”
“After all these adventures in space? But what other option is there? I don’t know, maybe after this I need to bury my head in the sand.”
“You could work for the UTN, they’ll need someone like you in the peace negotiations.”
“And you? Could you join the UTN after all you’ve told us? After what we learnt about them and the mines?”
“I don’t have an answer to that, Doc,” Chase looked at his feet.
“What happened back there with Trillo?” Dr. Hendricks changed the subject.
Chase shrugged.
“Come now.”
“I dunno, Doc. He looked kind of pathetic.”
“But how long has he been trying to kill you?”
“Long time, Doc, long time.”
“And so you let him live to try again?”
Chase shrugged again. “I don’t think he will. I don’t think he has it left in him. He’s a broken man.”
“Why?”
“It seems that our escape left him ostracised, the only thing he had was hunting us down and getting the Trimedian. Look, I don’t know what’s happening or why I let him go, OK?”
“Still, it was a noble thing you did.”
“I guess.”
“Maybe there is a future for you after all,” Hendricks laughed.
Chase got up and walked to the door.
“And, Doc?”
“Yes?”
“It was a noble thing you did back there, but don’t go running off alone again, huh?”
“No more heroics. I promise.”
***
“I just came to wish you luck,” Julianna told Angela Frost in the lab.
“Thank you, so far so good.”
“Well, I hope it all works, without you our mission means nothing.”
Angela Frost smiled and Julianna walked over and hugged her.
“Does it bother you? What happened?” Dr. Frost asked as Julianna reached the door.
She turned. “What happened to us?”
“Yes. We were… naked… and tied up.”
“Yeah, it bothers me. But I’ve had worse, I guess.”
“That sounds terrible.”
“It’s life.”
“So, what? I just put on a brave face?”
“For now, Doc, for now. After all this is over, then I will get some Carute whisky and feel something about it. Until then we have jobs to do.”
“Maybe we could share a bottle?”
“Sounds good, Doc, sounds good.”
***
 Chase and Jimmy sat in the cockpit of The Wild Rover waiting.
“Jimmy, I want you to go back over the Laikan WAR PLANS. Pore over it.”
“Looking for what?”
“Anything and everything to do with Earth. When we scanned it Julianna pointed out that it seemed to be about Earth, but they haven’t attacked there; there doesn’t seem to be any reason to do so.
“Check through, look for anything online that might connect and shed some light.”
“Will do.”
“Ready for the off,” Dr. Hendricks walked in. “Julianna is in her quarters.”
“Just be waiting on de Milkman.”
“How have we not called him that before?” Chase wondered.
***
“So, they’ll be waiting for me,” Milk said from the lab door.
“Yes, I suppose so,” Angela replied.
“You sorted here?”
“Yes, the process has started.”
“Well then…”
“Milk,” she walked over to him and he thought she looked stunning in her white lab coat. “Come back in one piece, OK?”
“Yeah. Yeah, I will,” he said and she gave him a brief hug.
“I’ll be off then. I guess,” he hesitated looking at her and then turned and left.
Dr. Angela Frost put on her brave face and went back to work.
***
“Warring or peaceful?” Chase asked as they flew to the heavily defended star-gate.
“Is anywhere peaceful?” Julianna asked.
“Fair point.”
“How about the blood of an Ankarian?” Dr. Hendricks asked.
“Really? Is that on the list?”
“’Fraid so.”
“What’s an Ankarian?” Julianna asked.
“It’s not nice,” Chase said.
“That doesn’t help.”
“The truth won’t help either.”
“I have but two questions,” Jimmy said. “One, why de blood of an animal and two, how messed up were dese scientists to t’ink of it?”
“The Ankarian has something in it’s genes that allows it to regenerate parts of its body,” Hendricks explained.
“Well that’s not exclusive in the Universe.”
“No, but the Ankarian are by far the biggest animals, I think they’re technically lizards, to do it.”
“So how does dat help the Trimedian?”
“No, idea” Hendricks admitted. “Perhaps it is something to do with regenerating the power source.”
“Either way, let’s just get this done,” Julianna said.
***
Later they landed at the spaceport of the planet Oswith, a known Ankarian planet.
Oswith was a beautiful planet full of forests, fields, rivers, lakes and waterfalls. Any brochure you picked up used the word scenic at least once every sentence. But that wasn’t the reason it wasn’t under attack. Due to its position in the galaxy it was a perfect stopping place on the trade routes and so was now home to some of the best shopping in the Universe. The Laikans might want to rule the Universe, but when they did they wanted a decent place to shop. Nothing said ‘rulers of the Universe’ than the latest, most expensive fashions and there was only one place to be seen buying them from. The city of Prantz.
Which is where our heroes touched down.
They decided they needed information on where the Ankarians were, they assumed they weren’t in the city, but then the Universe is a weird place. Tourist information would do. 
It was obviously a well to do city, the wide boulevard they were on was busier than Oxford Street at Christmas with lots of big, posh department stores and people of all races in expensive clothing.
“You know it’s weird,” Chase said as they walked down a busy shopping street. “I still expect Trillo to turn up and make life difficult.”
“He still might,” Milk returned.
“Maybe, but I don’t think so. Certainly not the way he used to.”
“You sound almost sorry,” Julianna said.
“Maybe. It sure made life more fun.”
“If certain death is fun to you, I can help you out,” Milk offered.
“Tourist information this way,” chirped Dr. Hendricks.
They walked in and waited in line to get to a desk behind which sat, or floated, a Carute in his (Or maybe her, it’s hard to tell without getting your hands wet) HoverSphere.
“Ankarians, eh?” the Carute said. “Very dangerous, wouldn’t bother.”
“But that’s why we’re here,” Chase told him.
“Yes, yes, but have you seen the Inverted Mountain? Very nice this time of year.”
“Ankarians,” Chase said.
“Yes, or swimming with River Tankeens, lots of laughs there.”
“Ankarians,” Milk said.
“So you say. The Singing Forest is in bloom, now that’s our number one attraction this time of year.”
“Ankarians,” Julianna said.
“Look you probably won’t even see one on the tour; they don’t just frolic in the fields. Live in caves, you know.”
“We don’t want to see them, my good man, we need some blood,” the Doc told him and the Carute laughed bubbly.
“Wouldn’t we all? Patch up the body, patch up our machines. This HoverSphere could use some Ankarian blood run through it, I can tell you that.”
“Why don’t you?”
“Very expensive. Dangerous to get.”
“Wait, you can run the blood through machines?”
“Oh, yes, regenerative properties, helps fix tears, scratches, you name it.”
“And people drink it?” Julianna asked.
“Only those who can afford to,” the Carute shrugged two of it’s tentacles.
“So where can we find some?”
“Looking at the state of you, I would say Janxom’s; here I’ll mark it on a map for you,” the Carute used a little waterproof console in his HoverSphere and then a map printed out from his desktop computer.
“Take it and go, but come back when common sense returns and you want to swim with the Tankeen.”
“Expensive to buy, dangerous to get. This doesn’t look good,” Chase said as they walked out.
“It never does, does it?” bemoaned Milk.
***
Janxom’s was in a rundown neighbourhood away from the central business district. 
“HoverSpheres,” Chase said.
“What about them?” asked Milk.
“Just never knew that’s what they were called.”
“Really?” asked Julianna.
“Yeah.”
“How long have you been in this Universe? I mean how have you not heard that before?”
“Dunno.”
“Dis be it,” Jimmy stopped in front of a rundown house.
“This is it?” Dr. Hendricks asked.
“Be seeming so.”
“Wonders never cease,” mused the Doc.
The sign above the door read ‘Janxom: Professional Ankarianator’ and it was through this door our intrepid heroes walked.
Inside was dim and musty. There was a mangy lounge suite by the window and a counter toward the back of the room. Beyond that Chase could see a corridor with maybe a kitchen at the end. On the walls were plaques with the stuffed heads of various animals from throughout the Universe.
“That’s disgusting,” Julianna whispered looking at the heads.
“Quiet,” warned Chase.
“Quite the trophies,” a voice spake from the counter and they all jumped and turned like an 80s dance routine.
“I’m not sure I can agree,” Julianna said and Chase poked her.
“That’s fine. I’m sure there is much about you I would dislike,” said the Albertine who was by all accounts rough, rugged, and unwashed. He was missing an eye and the hair had never regrown around it. 
“Fair point,” Chase said.
“So what do you want, I’m a busy man.”
“Ankarian blood.”
“Well go down to the bloody Department Stores and buy some.”
“I doubt we can afford that, my good fellow,” Dr. Hendricks told him.
“No, you don’t look the rich types.”
“Thanks,” said Julianna with a face.
“We’re not hitting it off, you and I, are we?”
“Apparently not.”
“OK, enough. The fact is we need five litres,” Chase told him.
The man laughed. “That would take at least a week and would cost you nearly as much as to buy it in the stores.”
“Well we’d do it ourselves, obviously,” Chase stated the obvious.
“Oh yes, of course you will. Just go up there and ask nicely will you?”
“Is this a Farngorian Bitterswatch?” asked Milk.
“It is.”
“I’m impressed.”
“Milk!” Julianna chided.
“What? I am. They’re vicious creatures and brilliant hunters.”
“A beautiful creature,” the Albertine agreed.
“So beautiful you had to kill it?” Julianna asked.
“Julianna,” Chase warned.
“It was him or me, I tell you that. Wasn’t even supposed to be on that bloody planet in the first place.”
“I don’t think I can do this,” Julianna complained.
“We need this.”
“We don’t need him.”
“I reckon you need me more than I need you,” Janxom commented.
“True,” Jimmy agreed.
“Jimmy!”
“Sorry, Julianna, it be true.”
“That’s it,” she stormed to the door.
“Julianna,” Chase demanded. “Stow it, we need to do this.”
Julianna looked around at all of them.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry, Mr. Janxom.”
“It’s just Janxom and I take no offence. I didn’t kill most of them anybloodyway. Just looks good for the customers.”
“Doesn’t always work,” Hendricks noted.
“Obviously not,” Janxom agreed. “Look you’re all bloody serious about this aren’t you?”
“Deadly,” Chase agreed.
“Well it could be that, it could be that indeed.”
“We be heavily armed.”
“Blasters? They won’t help you. You see the Ankarian have a web of scales that close up on impact.”
“So how do you get the blood?”
“Swords,” Janxom nodded to himself.
“I’m sorry, but how is this profitable? Killing all these Ankarians?” the Doc asked.
“Oh you don’t kill them, they regenerate.”
“Hm,” Hendricks thought aloud. “I knew that; someone else should have asked.”
“So let me ask you this. Why do you need so much blood so quickly?”
“To stop the WAR,” Milk told him looking at some of the other trophies.
“There’s a war going on, is there?”
“You hadn’t heard?”
“Don’t have much for the news and all that UTN politics. Laikans is it?”
“Yup,” Chase said.
“Would have thought so, only ones with big enough balls.”
“Thank you,” Dr. Hendricks beamed.
“Be here at sun up, no later,” Janxom said and left the room.
***
“How does the WAR fare?” Andrew Forster asked.
“As we suspected it would,” Mark the Oncolutian replied.
“And how is that?”
“You need to focus on Earth,” Hopkirk told him.
“I need to know what’s going on,” protested Forster.
“We are losing Naval ships faster than we can build them, we are replacing killed pilots with draftees. Planets are falling, galaxies,” George the Albertine told him.
“We need to buy some time, we need a diversion,” Andrew Forster said.
“And what do you propose?” Sir Jeffery asked.
“Chase Darkstaar,” Forster grinned at them.
***
“I’m sorry for the way I talked to you,” Chase said having been allowed into her quarters.
“And I’m sorry for acting like that, it’s the stress, you know?”
“No. I haven’t been through half as much as you have.”
“No, you seem to come through all of this unscathed don’t you?”
“I’m just trying my best, Julianna.”
“I know you are, come and sit down.”
He walked over and sat on her bed.
“It’s going to be all over soon.”
“No, it isn’t,” she said laying there. “Then we’ll be asked to fight in the WAR.”
“But we can say no, we can find somewhere left alone, we’ve done our duty.”
“And then what, Chase? Then what will you do?”
“I don’t know,” he looked at the floor. “I’ve been trying not to think about it.”
“Come lay with me for a while.”
Julianna dimmed the light and they lay there.
“What about you? What will you do after this?”
“I don’t know,” she replied. “What do I have to go back to?”
“But you don’t have to go back, you could go forward.”
“Into what? I’m not sure my past will ever be far enough away.”
A little later she mumbled, “I’ll go where you go,” but Chase wasn’t sure if she was awake or asleep.
***
The next morning he awoke while she was in the shower so he got up and left for his own quarters, but not before he bumped into Dr. Hendricks who gave him a wolfish smile.
“Shut up, Doc.”
“I didn’t say anything.”
“I didn’t do anything.”
“Of course not.”
“Well then,” Chase said and walked on.
“It’s still beautiful though,” the Doc said and Chase made a hand sign over his shoulder. The Doc just laughed. 
***
They were back at Janxom’s as the Sun arose above the distant mountains.
“All here then,” Janxom said looking at Julianna.
“Let’s just do this,” she said.
“Swords,” Janxom said and pointed to the floor in front of him.
They went through them, trying this one or that one and selecting their preference.
“Right then, as I said the Ankarian has scales that will retract on a blow making impenetrable armour. So you need to attack like this,” and he showed them how. “Now practice.”
And they did so with Janxom shouting and kicking them until they got it right. And then it was against a tree trunk with more shouting and kicking.
“OK, OK, that was shabbus, but it’s going to have to be good enough. Now this is the plan,” Janxom told them.
***
They took a jeep into the forest, heading towards the mountains. It was deep lush vegetation dappled in the rising Sun, dark in its recesses hiding who knew what?
And then the road ended and Janxom got everyone out. This was when, with no engine sound, they realised that they were in the Singing Forest after all. It really sounded like singing, well like a lot of people humming and going ‘ahh’ melodically. But there were tenors and basses and sopranos all singing the same tune.
“It’s beautiful,” Julianna said as they followed a hunter’s track single file.
“It sure is,” replied Janxom from the front. “Best part of the job.”
“But they’re not really singing,” Milk stated. “Are they?”
“No, it’s the Gesko Beetle, known as the Vibrating Bug. They live inside the trees and they vibrate the trunks. Then the wind has an affect and the size of the tree.”
“So the tune changes with the wind?”
“It does, it does. Also the heat of the day.”
“It’s amazing,” Julianna said again.
They walked on through the shade, listening to the singing and Julianna felt more at peace than she had for a long time. She wished Angela was here to enjoy this, it was so calming. Like a massage from Devino’s. 
Sometimes, after a hard night at the bar she would go there and get the full treatment and all the worries and aches and fears of the day would be lost and she could pretend they never happened.
She’d never go back to Devino’s, she’d never go back to the bar or the city of Columbino. Maybe not even the world. She had lived so long there on Tacker, but she had never gone out of the city, never had the chance to travel. Or the money. She knew of the Reikan Falls and the ancient city of Growf, but they were in different countries and she hadn’t even seen the Temple of Char and that was only two hours out of the city by train.
She wondered where she would, or could, go after all of this and realised that she couldn’t go anywhere without Chase. Only he could get her far enough away, only he could make sure she was settled and safe before she embarked on her own new life. She shook her head; would she ever get away from him? Did she want to?
“OK, we’re coming up on an Ankarian cave.”
There was a rock formation that was little more than a large cave entrance. The mountains were much closer now and they all assumed this cave led back into them. Outside of the cave was a large square of material, about a metre thick. Janxom had told them about this. It was a hard plastic base covered in absorbent foam. When the Ankarian stood on it any blood let would soak up and enter the hollow base.
“So how do we get it onto the base?”
“We put down some food and then we annoy the hell out of it,” Janxom said as he walked over, climbed on and got a large piece of meat out of his rucksack.
“So how do we annoy it?” Chase asked.
“Pick up some rocks and throw them into the cave.”
“Really?”
“Really.”
“Wonderful,” Milk muttered.
“The rest of you attach your containers to the base.”
They had each carried a large plastic container on their backs to carry the blood and they set about attaching them as Dr. Hendricks, Milk and Chase collected large rocks.
“She’ll be too far in to smell the meat, we have to bring her closer to the entrance,” Janxom said slowly stepping backwards. “Time to attract her attention.”
They started pelting the cave with rocks as the others pulled their swords and then suddenly a great beast leapt from the cave knocking Chase, Milk and the Doc over. It was around fifteen feet high with a large scaly body, four powerful legs with claws and three heads, each on a long neck. It looked around and then smelt the meat. It bounded onto the foam and began to eat.
“Now,” screamed Janxom and they all leapt in, slicing the great beast. 
Its heads lashed around trying to bite and blood poured out of wounds which healed as quickly as they could make them.
“Cut off a head,” shouted Janxom.
“No,” protested Julianna even as she ducked a great snapping mouth.
“It’ll bloody well grow back, dammit,” Janxom shouted back.
Milk ducked another head and then thrust his sword up into the fleshy underside of the neck and pushed sideways. The head was separated and blood poured into the foam. But then through the gore a mouth appeared and then a whole new head pushed up from the neck reattaching as it went.
“Unbelievable,” shouted Chase as he dodged a kicking back leg and hacked again at the Ankarian.
Dr. Hendricks leapt a swinging head and sliced down from mid-air. Another head went flying, more blood poured out and then the new head started to poke through.
Jimmy was knocked aside by the tail and leapt back up sliding under the great beast, slicing its belly.
“It’s in pain,” protested Julianna while still cutting where she could. One of the heads bellowed to the sky as if in agreement.
“We’re nearly there,” Janxom shouted back taking a shot at one of the necks, but not quite slicing it off. Skin and sinew reknitted together.
Chase jumped on the swinging tail and ran up the body. He sliced here and there using Janxom’s technique, running up to the necks. One head came around and snapped at him. He dodged. Another head came from the other way and he dodged back and then took a jump slicing off the middle head. As the right head came back round Milk sliced it off.
“There’s more than enough,” Janxom shouted. “Run into the bloody trees.” 
And he was off.
They followed, glad to be away from the beast. The Ankarian itself tried to walk forward, but staggered a little. Instead of following its attackers it slowly turned itself and staggered back into its cave with the meat.
They all crouched in the undergrowth for a good five minutes and then Janxom slowly crept out.
“Grab your containers,” he whispered and they slowly moved up. Once they had detached them and hefted them onto their backs, Janxom took out more meat and hurled it into the cave.
And then they were off through the Singing Forest, exhausted and bloodied, but alive and with one more ingredient for the Trimedian.


THE COST OF WAR

“You are not putting that inside me,” protested Cherry.
“It’s really good for you,” Chase replied from on top of the ship.
“I don’t care, it’s blood.”
“But good blood, to keep you healthy.”
“Then you drink it,” she challenged.
“Er… OK then, I will,” Chase said and glugged back some of the foul tasting blood. “Mmm, it’s good,” he said trying not to gag. 
But then it was good, he could feel it going through his system, feel a warm glow in his stomach and then he felt a little light headed and then it was gone.
“I can’t believe you did that,” Cherry said and Chase took the opportunity to pour the rest of the blood into an engine inlet.
***
“That is good,” sang Cherry as they made a rare legal exit and headed to the star-gate.
“Is she alright, mon?”
“Not sure,” Chase replied.
“She seem a little drunk.”
“I’m not drunk,” protested Cherry. “I’m just happy to be… something. I’m something, right?”
“You sure are,” Chase told her.
“I love you,” Cherry burbled.
“Should we be flying with a tipsy computer?” Milk asked gripping his arm rests.
“I’m sure it’ll pass,” Chase said, adding ‘I hope’ in his mind.
They flew on and got into line for the star-gate.
“Message coming t’rough from HQ,” Jimmy told.
“Now what do they want?” Julianna asked.
“Let’s find out, put it up full screen.”
The windscreen in front of Jimmy changed to an image of Andrew Forster.
“Hello, all. Sorry I have not made your acquaintances.”
“I know who you are,” Milk said.
“Well, that’s good; you were on Earth, correct?”
“Yes, we visited the White House once.”
“Well, that’s good.”
“We were protesting one of your wars.”
Andrew Forster’s face fell. He picked it back up and continued, “Well yes, not a glorious past, but perhaps some of us are in the same boat there.”
Milk shrugged. “Fair point.”
“I am Dr. Hendricks,” the Doc introduced.
“And I’m Julianna.”
“Jimmy.”
“Excellent, well I am Andrew Forster and I was the President of the United States and now I am the Earthen envoy to the Great Council.”
“I’m Cherry,” Cherry burst out and then giggled.
“Who is that?”
“The computer,” Chase told him.
“Is it OK?”
“She,” shouted Cherry. “I’m a ‘she’!”
“My apologies.”
“Look, what do you want?” Chase asked.
“Well, the WAR is not going so well, they just have too many ships.”
“We noticed,” Jimmy commented.
“I’m sure. Look we need a distraction.”
“A distraction?” asked Chase.
“Yes.”
“Well, we are already on the trail of Trimedian ingredients” Dr. Hendricks pointed out.
“I realise that, but it could be worthless unless we can get some breathing room.”
“What are you asking exactly?” Julianna asked.
“Tegariff Major isn’t heavily guarded,” Forster started.
“Oh, wait, no, absolutely not,” Julianna told him.
“Wait, you want us to fly into Laikan territory?” Milk incredulised.
“Draw some of the Laikan fleet away from UTN galaxies,” Forster nodded.
Chase laughed. “We’ve got a great ship here, but it’s just one ship.”
“I am great, aren’t I?” Cherry beamed.
“Are you sure your computer is OK?”
“The point is,” Chase continued, “that one ship won’t draw any ships away.”
“No, but the Heskin brothers are attached to you and we are hearing reports that a Durden Raider ship might have helped you on Kargus VI. And maybe you have more friends out there?”
Milk just laughed.
“Look, I don’t know,” Chase said. “We can ask, but I can’t promise anything. We’re not going solo.”
“It’s all I can ask of you, I wouldn’t if there was anyone else who I thought could pull it off.”
“We’ll all die,” beamed Cherry and cackled to herself.
“For once I agree with her,” Milk bemoaned.
“Anudder message coming t’rough.”
“Ok, Forster, we’ll get back to you,” Chase said. “Bring up the other message.”
“Oh no,” Milk groaned as Freddy No Fingers appeared on the screen.”
“Turn it off,” Chase commanded.
“No, wait, please hear me out,” No Fingers pleaded and there was something in his voice that made Chase stop.
Giving another old enemy a chance, was he going soft? War is madness, he thought.
“What do you want?”
“Heltian Major is under attack,” No Fingers said.
“Lots of galaxies are under attack,” Chase said.
“It’s a war, don’t you know?” Hendricks added.
“My daughter is there.”
“What?” Jimmy jumped in his seat.
“Yes, you see, I thought you would care, I thought you would help.”
“Whoa, wait a minute,” Julianna protested.
“Yeah, why us?” Chase asked.
“No one else will go into a war zone for my daughter.”
“But what of your loyal henchmen?” Milk snided.
“They would leave my side rather than go on such a mission.”
“We’ll do it,” Jimmy stated.
“Jimmy, wait,” Julianna started.
“No, Julianna,” he said back. “Where she be, Freddy?”
“Heltian, in the Core City of Heltian.”
“They do love that name,” Dr. Hendricks mused.
“Thank you,” Freddy No Fingers said and seemed to be genuine, tears popping in his eyes.
“Hang on, Freddy,” Chase said. “We’re making a deal here,” and Chase explained.
“I can’t make that happen,” No Fingers protested after hearing Chase out.
“Then you can go to Heltian yourself.”
“OK, OK, it’s a deal. Be in contact,” and with that the screen went blank.
“Let’s do dis.”
***
It was their turn at the star-gate and Jimmy punched in the co-ordinates.
 Heltian Major was, as Freddy No Fingers had helpfully noted, under attack. This time it wasn’t just focussed on one planet, but most of them.
“We haven’t seen a battle fleet like this,” Milk said in wonder.
“No, we haven’t,” agreed Chase.
“Heltian Major be an important galaxy,” Jimmy told them. “Lot of banking and business. Number of Mining Companies have headquarters dere.”
“They must have bolstered their numbers from other galaxies,” Doc surmised.
“Which means those galaxies are now under Laikan control or worse,” Julianna said sadly.
“I see the need for that distraction,” Chase said.
“Not before we rescue Matilda,” Jimmy warned.
“Well, no, obviously.”
“Den let us get into battle stations,” Jimmy said seriously.
The whole of space was filled with UTN and A.R.S.E ships: cruisers, bombarders, destroyers, bombers, Missile ships and fighters. Bombarders were firing on planets as said planets fired their PDGs back. It was a hopeless mess.
“It’s a hopeless mess,” Milk agreed with me.
“Which may help us sneak through,” Chase pointed out.
“Well, well, The Wild Rover to the rescue.”
“Thought you two would be here,” Chase grinned.
“We like to stay in the thick of it,” Rob replied. “A little help?”
“We be busy,” Jimmy informed.
“And we’re dying up here.”
“OK, a little help as we fly through,” Chase said and angled into the onslaught.
Julianna had both Merrills while Milk took the FOBG out for a run. Chase flew straight into a swarm of fighters and Julianna pounded them as Milk took aim on a bombarder. Exploding fighters surrounded them like a short lived firework display and then they were going up and across the top of a cruiser. Milk laid down point blank fire across the hull while Julianna juggled fighters and anti-fighter guns.
“We can’t do much,” Milk exclaimed.
“How about the thrusters?” Dr. Hendricks asked. “Leave them sitting ducks for the PDGs?”
“Good call, Doc,” Milk exclaimed again. It was an exclamatory moment. 
Chase spun The Wild Rover and sped along the cruiser. Towards the rear they laid as much fire into the hull hoping to damage engines and did the same as they came over the giant thrusters. There were pops of explosions but they couldn’t tell if they had done enough.
And then the Salvation screamed up behind them dropping bombs and flew off as the back of the cruiser exploded.
“Hitting the engines?”
“At least the thrusters; give the PDGs a chance.”
“Relaying that back to them now.”
As the Wild Rover accelerated away through another swarm, the massive PDG laser bolt hit the stricken cruiser and it imploded.
“Swinging past a hanger bay,” Chase told them and Julianna swung both Merrills inside and blasted as many fighters as she could before The Wild Rover swung away. 
“You with us, Salvation?”
“Coming up on your tail.”
“Taking out the bombarder gun, same as last time,” Chase told them as he swooped under a Bombarder and commenced the run along the bottom. Lasers blasted and bombs were dropped. The massive gun hung at an angle, but didn’t detach.
“As good as it gets,” Rob said.
“Good enough, it’ll detach itself soon enough.”
“Can we get to Heltian?” Jimmy pleaded.
“We’re getting closer.”
“Sorry, guys, we need to go and re-arm.”
“You’ll miss all the fun,” Chase grinned.
“Fun,” grunted Milk.
Chase raced The Wild Rover behind a destroyer that was moving toward the UTN forces. The flames from the exhaust were too hot to get close, but they concentrated their fire into it. Chase had to pull the ship up and accelerate as something exploded and a massive gust of flame shot out, nearly incinerating The Wild Rover. The flame died and the destroyer found itself floating helplessly towards the UTN forces. Again the PDGs were able to target it as it floated into range and it was ripped in two.
“Come on,” pleaded Jimmy.
“Going, going,” Chase promised as they flew through more fighters and headed toward Heltian. 
“Troop carrier ahead,” Cherry said. “Erm, sorry about earlier.”
“No worries, let’s stop them getting to the planet.”
They came up behind the troop carrier, blasting at its protective fighters which now turned to face their attacker. They were useless against the Merrill guns and Milk blasted the carrier with the FOBG. It drifted to a standstill, a massive rent in the side with Cantorvial ground troops being sucked out into space and imploding.
They shot forward and burned into the atmosphere of Heltian. And it was a mess.
From the atmosphere they could see cities and towns burning, the flashes of laser fire and Low Altitude Attack Platforms of both sides raining down fire.
“Without wishing to rain on the parade, how are we going to find her?” Dr. Hendricks asked.
“Deus ex machina I would think,” Chase replied and the message light starting flashing.
“I’ve found her,” Freddy No Fingers told them from the screen.
“See?” Chase asked no one.
“How?” Jimmy asked.
“Well,” No Fingers looked uncomfortable, squirming his massive frame, “Thin Tony has just messaged me, the bastard has kidnapped her.”
“Oh well, that’s great,” Milk exasperated.
“He wants money and power, using a war to further himself? Even that’s beneath me.”
“Is it?” Chase asked.
“No,” admitted Freddy.
“Where did de message come from?” Jimmy asked.
“We’re still unravelling it, but don’t worry I will let you know. I’m patching through a map with the radius we have so far.” 
And with that the screen went black.
“OK, got it,” Jimmy said.
“We’re going to have to go on foot,” Chase said. “Doc, you’ll be flying back up with Julianna.”
“Very good,” the Doc beamed.
“Then let’s land,” Chase said grimly.
***
They landed in a large deserted park and Chase, Jimmy and Milk got out fully armed in their cool new armour. All around them they could see flames and laser fire. The Planet Defence Guns sent up a massive laser bolt and the ground rippled. A bombarder returned fire and they could see the forceshield around the PDGs spark.
The Wild Rover dusted off as they ran out of the park and into the streets. In front of them was a mixed troop of Merricks, Cantorvials and Laikans covering as they shot at UTN forces. The three of them ran up and blasted anyone they could see from behind. 
“UTN forces know you are here, but still watch yourselves,” Dr. Hendricks told them.
“Cool, Doc,” Jimmy replied. “OK, according to de map it be dis way.”
They ran down a narrow street and saw a unit of UTN troops run past the far end, one soldier falling to a laser blast. They ran to the end to see the UTN troops diving for cover as laser shots poured from windows. Chase took aim at one of the windows and blasted it. Milk ran out and across the wide street hiding in a doorway and blasted another window.
The UTN soldiers took the opportunity to find better cover and started blasting, but not before another two fell. 
The radio crackled. “Incoming enemy LAAPs.”
“Be ready.”
“We’re sitting ducks,” another soldier warned.
The Wild Rover screamed overhead towards the LAAPs and Julianna blasted them as The Wild Rover pulled up.
“What the shabbus was that?” the radio crackled.
“Friends,” Chase said over the radio. “We’re coming up to your position on foot.”
“Roger that.”
Chase ran forward to cover, blasting at windows as Jimmy and Milk covered him and then moved up. There was silence, no one was shooting from the windows and they risked running up to the covering UTN soldiers.
“Who’s in charge here?” Chase asked a soldier.
“I am,” an Oncolutian said as he ran over. “Major Tointan.
“What’s the situation?”
“Dire.”
“Isn’t it always?” Milk asked.
“What’s your mission?” Chase asked.
“They have civilians trapped in a building up ahead, but no one can get to them and we’ve lost radio contact. We’re trying a flanking manoeuvre.”
“Show us on the map,” Chase told him and Jimmy handed over his computer.
“Here.”
“Let me look,” Jimmy said and Tointan handed the computer back. “OK, dere be a subway tunnel running under de building, we might be able to get up.”
“Are you sure?” Chase asked.
“Computer say so.”
“No, I mean about deviating from the plan.”
“It be in de radius, mon, and we can’t ignore innocents in trouble.”
“You’re becoming a good man, Jim.”
“Shut up,” and they grinned at each other.
“OK, The Wild Rover will help clear a path for your men, Major and we’ll take the subway.”
“Not much of a plan,” the Major noted.
“It never is,” Milk shrugged at him.
“You got that, Doc?”
“Jimmy’s sent the co-ordinates through, see you back above ground.”
The Wild Rover hovered back down shooting at unseen targets.
“Ready when you are, Major.”
“OK, let’s do this. Move out, men!”
“Dis way,” Jimmy said and they sprinted across the street and down a side street lined with small boutique clothing stores. 
***
Major Tointan led his men behind The Wild Rover and took over as the street turned into a large circle surrounded by tall buildings with an equally large roundabout. In the middle of the roundabout lay the crashed remains of a UTN troop carrier and there were UTN soldiers amongst the wreckage as well as along the buildings. The A.R.S.E. forces held the buildings and were laying down heavy fire.
“Those men are trapped,” Major Tointan said.
“We see them.”
Tointan’s men ran to the nearest cover and started firing at buildings and laser fire returned to them. The Wild Rover pulled up and flew above the roundabout and then slowly descended. Cherry noted her disapproval of events and was roundly ignored. Julianna opened fire on the buildings with the Merrill guns, trying to hit anything she could. Rubble and Laikans fell from the buildings and UTN soldiers had to run to avoid getting hit. The Wild Rover pulled up as all the laser fire came it’s way and three soldiers ran for the wreckage, but only one made it there to be trapped with his wounded cohorts.
“Tanks,” a soldier shouted and Hendricks pulled up further to see three tanks coming down one of the streets.
“Don’t let them hit the troop carrier,” Tointan commanded.
“Wilco,” replied the good Doctor and swooped down the street. One tank fired and blew away half of a building killing soldiers from both sides. Julianna laid fire across the tanks, but did little damage as they rolled forward.
In the circle, UTN soldiers were trying to get into the buildings and meeting resistance whilst laser fire still rained outside. A tank shot another massive blast that took down a whole building regardless of who was inside. The Wild Rover turned and flew back over the tanks, this time with the FOBG and Julianna hit each tank as they flew over. They ground to a halt, the guns swivelling to find the target when the middle tank exploded, ripping through the other two with pieces of red hot armoured shrapnel. 
The Wild Rover continued into the circle and once again the Merrill guns were out and blasting at buildings. With depleted men and not knowing whether to shoot at the Vulcan or the soldiers, a window was open for a medic team to race to the wreckage. More UTN soldiers appeared and the tide was turning as soldiers managed to get into the buildings and take out the A.R.S.E. snipers.
“Secure,” a voice came over the radio and men rushed over to help the medic team.
“Let’s move on,” Major Tointan commanded and he and his men moved across the circle and down a street with The Wild Rover hovering above them.
***
“How is construction going?” Fong-gan asked in the gloom.
“Well,” replied Hikcet. “They are working on the gun at the same time as the base so that whatever else, they will be ready to fire.”
“Are there any objections?” Hopkirk the Enthusian asked.
“No. To them this is another Planet Defence Gun.”
“Good. Good. And what of Forster?”
“He is with our Generals, already a number of Earthen Generals are here and new plans and tactics are being drawn up,” Sir Jeffery told them.
“Then perhaps we have a chance,” Fong-gan said.
“We’ll see,” Mark said sagely.
***
Chase, Milk and Jimmy had had more luck. They had met only one fire fight and their added numbers had just tipped the balance. Now they were running down the stairs to the subway where they found people of all races huddled in little groups, hiding from the bombardment that continued above.
They moved through trying to ignore the blood and wounds; the terrified stares they received, the pleas for help and water.
“This is awful,” Milk said.
“I know,” Chase agreed through gritted teeth.
It was the first time they had really come into contact with the full impact of the war. With terrified, innocent people. Of homes and loved ones lost for reasons they did not understand. 
Up until now they had been barrelling through the Universe on their mission and it had all been good fun, exciting. 
Adventures in space. 
They had rescued people, sure, but it had all been caught up in the whirlwind of the mission. 
Chubbs had been lost and Chase was washed over by guilt and anger that he could have forgotten that so quickly; could have moved on to the next exciting part so easily. And while they had been battling monsters and cannibals; swooping in to rescue Milk’s daughter, Chubb’s wife and son had been mourning the loss of a husband and father only just returned.
And here they were on yet another rescue mission, bravely charging in to save the day. Untouched and untouchable and yet here were scared innocents very much touched by the WAR and the senseless brutality. People who were cowering underground begging for the simple provision of water. 
And all I have to offer is natural flair and ability, Chase frowned to himself.
“Dis way,” Jimmy said, his face pale, his eyes straight ahead.
They jumped turnstiles and headed down to the platform where more people, families with wide-eyed children, cowered.
“I feel sick,” Milk said.
“I know,” Jimmy agreed. 
And then they were on the tracks and heading into the tunnel with their flashlights.
They walked along letting their lights flicker along curved walls and train tracks. Jimmy felt sick in his stomach not only from seeing the impact of the WAR, but also knowing that Matilda was out there, possibly just as shocked and scared as the people in the subway. 
No, she was hard and brave, she wouldn’t be scared, but what might Thin Tony do to her? Had they beat her? If they had, Thin Tony and all his men would pay. He should be there instead of here trying to rescue other people. Yes, they were in the radius, but it was unlikely it was Tony and his men. And yet at the same time he couldn’t abandon innocents.
In a way Matilda was safer with Thin Tony, she wouldn’t be somewhere in the middle of a battle. But then it would only take one bombarder shot to take them all out. Even underground he could feel the vibrations from the bombardment, this WAR was no good for anyone; did the Laikans think that at the end the other races would kowtow to them? That there wouldn’t be recriminations? And so in the end, it was the innocents who suffered for no reason, it was people like him worried sick about loved ones, either civilians or soldiers. He wished he could be like Janxom, not even knowing there was a war going on. Him and Matilda on a far flung planet, enjoying a quiet life with a farm and cattle, or a little mechanics shop. 
But it wasn’t to be so, he had been dragged into this WAR and it wasn’t Chase’s fault, if anyone it was Freddy’s for not letting them be together. But he was in it now and that meant that it was his job to see an end to it; there would be no peace for anyone until that happened.
And so he trudged on, sick in his stomach, but resolved to see this adventure through.
“What was that?” Milk asked.
“Probably rats,” Chase said.
“Sounded bigger,” Milk said having learnt his lesson.
“Down dis tunnel,” Jimmy told them and they turned left away from the noise ahead of them.
They hadn’t gone far when there was a loud scurrying noise ahead of them and they stopped.
“Rats,” Chase said weakly.
“Valkswagon,” Jimmy swore. “Gantys.”
“What?” Milk asked, eyebrows raised.
“Some of dese subways have problems with gantys. Dey usually fumigate, but wit’ de war…”
“What’s a ganty?” Chase asked and then a rat shaped creature the size of a dog launched itself into their torch beams. Chase pulled his pistol and shot it in mid-air. The ganty fell and slid to a stop by his feet. It was furred and had a long snout full of sharp teeth. Its feet had long flat claws for digging.
“Great,” sighed Milk as he pulled his own pistol.
“Let’s move quicker,” Chase suggested and they started jogging.
And then there were screeches from ahead and suddenly a number of gantys were running and leaping at them. Flashlights dancing and lasers blasting, the whole tunnel was filled with noise and then it was over and they stood in a pile of dead gantys.
“How much further?”
“Not far, come on,” Jimmy started jogging forward.
A ganty came up behind them and Milk shot it. Another leapt from above and Chase shot it just before it landed on him. Jimmy blasted ahead of him trying to scare anymore off. Some were not deterred and he shot two as they ran into his torch beam. 
“Here,” Jimmy said and skidded to a stop.
“Right. Milk let me get on your shoulders and plant a charge.”
Milk knelt down feeling very vulnerable to gantys as Chase climbed on his shoulders.
“Watch out for gantys,” Milk warned Jimmy as he stood up.
“OK, keep still,” Chase said.
“Not easy with a man standing on your shoulders. Have you put on weight?”
“Funny,” Chase said as he reached up and planted the charge. “Steady. OK, done.”
Chase jumped down and all three ran back away from the charge which went off five seconds later, dropping rubble and dirt in a pile. Light shone through the hole and they could hear people screaming.
Chase ran up the rubble and Milk lifted him up to the hole. He put his head up and got kicked in the head. He dropped.
“Hey, we’re friends,” Chase shouted up. “UTN!”
“Really?” a voice called back down.
“Yeah, we’re here to get you out.”
“Right, sorry about that then.”
“No worries. I’m coming up again, OK?”
“OK.”
Chase climbed up and pulled himself through the hole. He found himself in a large, windowless room packed with people of different races all of whom appeared to be dressed in work clothes.
“You went to work during a war?”
“Well,” a younger man in a suit spoke, “we didn’t have much choice; the Universal Bank of the Trading Network never closes.”
“We’d have lost our jobs,” another voice piped up as Jimmy emerged through the hole.
“What’s de situation outside?”
“Not good. We’ve barricaded ourselves in.”
“OK, well ladies first, down the hole to our compadre.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” an older gentleman in a pinstripe suit said.
“I’m sorry what?” Chase asked.
“We are safe here.”
“Not for long though,” Chase said amazedly.
“We’ve been safe this long,” a woman agreed.
“Yes, but this is a war zone, you understand that, right?”
“Of course we do,” the older man sparked. “Don’t talk down to us, young man.”
“I think we should go,” a young Grey female said and there was some agreement.
“Look, here or not, we are going through that door to help UTN soldiers break through,” Chase told them.
“UTN soldiers dat’re risking dem lives for you,” Jimmy added shaking his head in wonder.
“Well, that won’t be happening,” the older man said.
“What’s happening up there,” Milk called up.
“Not a lot,” Jimmy called.
“Great.”
“Look, this is not a discussion,” Chase warned.
“What? Will you shoot me?” the older gentleman asked as Chase pulled his twin pistols.
“It’s an idea.”
“How dare you?” the man raged. “You are no better than those outside!”
“OK, OK,” Jimmy shouted. “We be going outside like it or not; those that want to escape to the subway go now, those who want to stay, stay and lock yourselves back in once we’re gone.”
“Anyone who leaves here will lose their jobs,” the older gentleman shouted and Jimmy and Chase exchanged an exasperated look.
Despite his warning people started shuffling to the hole and climbing down into Milk’s crane-esque arms.
“Milkman?” Chase shouted down. “You’re going to have to lead them back yourself. We’re meet you back at the ticket office.”
“What’s going on?”
“Idiots,” Chase called back.
“Universe is full of them,” Milk shouted back. “Take me, for example.”
“Right. Now we are going out of that door,” Chase told the older gentleman.
“No you’re not,” the man said brandishing a laser pistol. “No one is going anywhere.”
“Valkswagon,” Chase sighed and then stepped in, sliding an arm under the man’s gun arm and raising it. The man shot the ceiling and bits fell on him as Chase punched him in the stomach.
The laser shot freaked people and they all started pushing and shoving to the hole, some jumping before Milk was ready and spraining ankles. One poor fool broke a leg.
“Come on, Jim,” Chase said and they headed for the door, pulling away furniture until they could open a crack and slip out. 
Down a corridor they found the atrium with all the glass windows blown out. UTN soldiers lay dead everywhere amongst shattered furniture and rubble. Outside a major battle was going on; as they found shelter behind the stout, long reception desk a LAAP crashed and burned in the street.
“Major Tointan, what’s your status?” Chase asked.
“Arriving at rendezvous, it’s not looking good.”
“We’re in the reception of the UBoTN behind enemy A.R.S.E forces,” and Jimmy sniggered. “What? Oh right, I’ve never said that out loud before. What were they thinking?”
“Is this the time?”
“Is it ever?” Jimmy asked.
“OK, can you draw fire so that we can take them out?”
“So we’re bait now?”
“What did you say?” Chase realised.
“So we’re bait now?”
“Jimmy, hold that thought,” Chase said urgently.
“What?”
“Bait.”
“Are you ready for this or not?”
“Do it, we have superior forces now.”
Major Tointan’s squad moved in and began firing. Laikans, Merricks and Cantorvials returned fire and as they popped up Jimmy and Chase blasted them. 
And then The Wild Rover hovered into view.
“May we be of assistance?” Dr. Hendricks asked as chirpily as ever.
“We need food and water,” Chase told him blasting another Laikan.
“Plenty aboard.”
“No. A shabbus load. Go find some and then get back here to pick us up.”
“Okey-doke.”
“And blast dose incoming LAAPs.”
The Wild Rover rose up as the Merrill guns turned and blasted three incoming A.R.S.E. LAAPs.
The city was swarming with troops from both sides, eager to control the banking planet and the firefight lasted a long time.
LAAPs swooped in and out, blasting at ground troops and each other as soldiers ran from cover to cover and sometimes back again. The air was electric with laser fire as Jimmy and Chase continued to pot shot as enemies showed themselves.
“We have a clear line in.”
“Is it safe?”
“No, more enemy troops inbound, but we have to get to those people. This is turning into the worst battle of the WAR so far.”
“Most left through the subway.”
“The others?”
“Refused to leave.”
“We’re coming to you.”
Chase and Jimmy moved forward picking off the few remaining enemies as UTN LAAPS swooped overhead. Somewhere else in the city something big exploded. Jimmy and Chase could see LAAPs flying around in the distance. 
Something exploded in midair.
It was everywhere.
They could fight battles, but not the WAR.
Major Tointan and his men arrived and Chase pointed the way.
A soldier, unable to shift the door, set a charge. It exploded and the men ran in.
“Wait,” screamed Chase and ran for the door.
It was too late for one soldier who was shot. Chase leapt through the door to find the older man brandishing his laser pistol with at least twenty people cowering against a wall behind him. 
“No one is going anywhere,” the older gentleman in the pinstripe suit screamed, spittle flying from his mouth.
“Take it easy, we’re UTN,” Major Tointan said.
“Nowhere,” the man shouted again and shot another soldier in the head. 
Tointan took aim.
“Wait,” Chase said. 
“We need to get these people out of here,” Tointan said.
“You’re a military man, a man of honour.”
“You’re right, I am,” and lowered his gun.
“But I’m not,” Chase said and shot the older gentleman in the pinstripe suit.
“That was a civilian,” Tointan said sadly.
“Just get these people out of here,” Chase said quietly and left.
Tointan listened to his radio.
“Troop ships inbound, hell is about to get a lot hotter. You better leave now if you are.”
“We have to,” Chase said.
“Thanks for the assist,” Tointan saluted.  
Chase and Jimmy went outside and Chase radioed The Wild Rover for immediate dust off.
“I have a smaller radius,” Jimmy told him.
“Just a little bit longer.”
***
The Wild Rover had found a supermarket and had landed on the roof. Julianna and Dr. Hendricks made their way down to find disarray. In every aisle lay dead bodies, people who had been trying to grab whatever supplies they could; they had been mown down with no remorse.
“This is awful,” Julianna put a hand to her mouth.
“All they wanted was food,” Dr. Hendricks said shaking his head in sadness.
“Let’s get what we can and get out of here.”
They found a trolley and started grabbing things. Out the back they found pallets of water and wheeled them to the front door. 
In one aisle Julianna found a Carute, his HoverSphere smashed and leaking water.
“Kill me quick,” the Carute pleaded.
“No,” Julianna wept, grabbed some food and went to find the Doc.
She found him in front of a slumped ant-like Byfrok.
“I’m a doctor,” he was saying.
The man gurgled a laugh. Two of his four arms had been severed and one was holding his stomach.
“Won’t help me now, Doc,” he said and lifted his hand. Guts popped from a slash in his stomach.
“Who did this?” Julianna asked horrified.
“Laikan, Cantorvial, UTN? Does it matter? Do me quick, Doc.”
Dr. Hendricks raised his pistol.
“No,” shouted Julianna.
“Thanks, Doc,” the man grinned a bloody grin and Dr. Hendricks shot him.
“Doc,” Julianna wailed.
He kept his head down. “I’m a doctor; the least I can do is stop suffering,” and a single tear sploshed on the ground. “I’ll bring the ship to the front door.” 
And he walked off, head still down.
Julianna ran down this aisle and then that, corpses everywhere until she found the Carute.
“Please,” it begged her from the floor, its water half gone.
She shot it, coughing up a sob.
***
And now The Wild Rover, laden with water and food, was landing outside the subway entrance.
“Get it all downstairs as fast as possible,” Chase commanded and they started rushing down and distributing food and water to those who hid. Milk saw them and joined in, going deeper to the platform with Chase.
At first people squabbled and our heroes had to draw their guns. Then people saw that there was enough to go round and they collapsed back, too tired to actually fight for food. There were timid thanks and thankful eyes. Young children were fed milk, water and biscuits before the adults took their share. Exhaustion permeated the subway.
Our heroes stood at the subway entrance and watched the Sun slowly sinking. The horizon was dotted with thick plumes of smoke and distant LAAPs glinted in the sky. They could hear distant guns and somewhere something exploded and the ground rumbled.
Chase looked at the darkening skyline that was lit from below by explosions and fires and he realised the true extent of the WAR, the depth of it. It wouldn’t be finished soon, nor neatly. It was all out war, such as the Universe had never seen and yet he still didn’t even know why it was happening.
He thought about bait, but then thought about Forster’s plea. Yes. They needed a diversion, they needed to pull these troops away from innocent lives, but then he thought of the Tarancort General on Urdovit and he wondered who exactly the bad guys in this war were; who had really started it?

 
 
THE MARRIAGE OF JIMMY JAZZ

“Are you sure?” Chase asked.
“Yes of course, I wouldn’t mess this up would I?” Freddy No Fingers asked from the screen.
“Dunno,” Chase shrugged.
“Let’s get dis done,” Jimmy almost pleaded and shut down communications.
“OK, I’m tired of all this, let’s just blow a hole in the roof and abseil in.”
“You could kill her,” protested Jimmy.
“Well we won’t, will we?”
“It does seem rather spurious” Dr. Hendricks agreed.
“Does anyone have a better idea? Does anyone want to coax them out, or knock on the door pretending to be selling biscuits?” Chase asked angrily.
“Valkswagon,” Milk swore, “in and out seems the best thing to do.”  
“OK, it be dat two storey dere.”
“OK Cherry, give me structural and life form scans.”
“There we are. Ten people on the ground floor, one seems to be sitting in the middle of a loose ring. Lots of pacing about, the body scan suggests agitation.
“As for the structure, it is old, but well made. I could make holes in the roof and then ceiling without the whole building coming down. Though I’d still get out in a hurry.”
“Thanks, Cherry, you’ll be doing everything for a bit.”
“I think I can handle that,” he replied testily.
“Then let’s do this,” Milk said as he stood.
***
Thin Tony’s men were restless; the WAR was getting closer despite their boss’ assurance they were safe. The ground rumbled again under another bombardment.
Even Thin Tony was nervous. No Fingers had said a ship was coming to do the exchange and once the girl was released, a number of lucrative activities would be passed into the controlling hands of Thin Tony. After this shabbus war was finished so Freddy No Fingers would be. He rubbed his hands together in glee until the room shook again. Where the hell was this ship? They needed to get off this forsaken rock and safely into deep space. He checked his men once again; they were restless, hands fluttering around their pistols. They want to shoot the girl and escape, short sighted fools; there would be no place for them in his new Empire.
The building shook again, this time harder and the men looked around spooked.
“Valkswagon, it’s nowhere near us,” Tony shouted at his men and then the ceiling in the left corner exploded and five people appeared on ropes.
Lasers blasted half his men before they could even turn around and then the other half fell trying to unholster their guns.
“Thin Tony,” a blond man said walking toward him, gun pointing at his legs.
“Well, well, Chase Darkstaar, thought you were dead.”
“It’s a common mistake.”
“Working for Freddy No Fingers? I’d never have thought it.”
“You and me both,” Milk commented.
“Try anything and I’ll blow your leg off,” Chase warned him and made a hand signal to Jimmy who ran over to the chair.
***
Matilda had closed her eyes a long time ago as staring at the blindfold made them ache. She had listened to the prattling of the men and to Thin Tony trying to keep them in order. They were more scared than she was. She knew who her Father was, she knew what he did. She didn’t like it, didn’t agree with it, but she knew the situation she was in, that this day could come. They hadn’t hurt her, hadn’t looked after her either and though she could hear the men’s suggestions of things they could do to her, Thin Tony wasn’t stupid enough to have her Dad wreak vengeance. Stupid enough to kidnap her, though.
It was weird, she didn’t like what her Father did, but she didn’t like the idea of him relinquishing his control to this man because of her. He might be a criminal, but he had still worked for what he had and now he was losing that because of her. She wished Robert was still around, but she had tried to forget about him. 
She couldn’t. 
She couldn’t believe that he would just up and leave her, she couldn’t believe he was scared off by her Dad and she couldn’t believe that Dad would get rid of Jimmy. So she had to believe it was something else, but that was foolish, stupid to keep hope in a man that had disappeared on her.
It was her Dad’s fault, of course, he didn’t like Robert, but would never say why. Oh, yes, she caught the looks they gave each other. But it didn’t matter, they had planned to run away, everything was set, so why would he leave her just then?
And then there was a much louder rumble and she wondered if the fighting had finally reached them, perhaps this would be the chance to escape? And then a much louder explosion and laser fire. The war was here? She struggled at her ropes wishing she had mastered the Cortian Knot Trick™. And then there were voices.
Chase Darkstaar? Working for her Dad? Was this a rescue? No, she had heard her Dad curse the name Darkstaar late at night when he was drunk. Sometimes in the morning over breakfast. Really anytime he had a spare moment.
And then someone was fumbling with her ropes and then they were off and she jumped up whipping the blindfold off. She blinked in the light and turned to the someone behind her.
***
Jimmy ran over to the chair and got behind, his hands were shaking too much to get the knot undone and he cursed in his mind. Stop. Calm down. So close. And then the knot came undone and Matilda was springing up snatching off her blindfold. He looked at her body, her thick hair that splayed over her shoulders, the marks in her arms where the ropes had cut in; and then he was walking around the chair and she was turning to him.
“Robert,” she exclaimed and threw her arms around him. “Is it really you?” she sobbed into his shoulder.
“It’s me, I’m here.”
“Oh, Robert. I knew you’d never leave.”
“So now you shoot me?” Tony asked.
“Nope. I’ve killed enough people today.”
“You don’t think I won’t come for Freddy again?”
“I really don’t care. We’re not doing this for him and I’m under no illusions that he will come for me after this war.”
“So a thorn in his side is a rose for you?” Thin Tony asked with a sneer.
“Something like that. Everyone ready?”
“We’re all hooked up,” Julianna told him.
“And I’ve got this slimy bastard in my sights,” Milk said.
“Jim, hook up,” Chase commanded and then they were being winched up by Cherry.
***
The Wild Rover blasted into space and back into the maelstrom of spaceships.
“Wondered where you’d been,” Rob said.
“Search and rescue, Rob, it’s in the name.”
“Fair enough. You up for another round?”
“Sorry, guys, we have other orders. In fact be ready to join us on another madcap mission.”
“Madcap is putting it lightly,” Milk noted.
“We’ll be there when you call, over and out.”
***
Jimmy and Matilda sat in his quarters. She had showered and Julianna had lent her some clothes.
“I thought you had left me,” Matilda told him.
“I know, I know, I had no choice.”
“My Dad?”
“He wasn’t best pleased. Sent Chase to kill me, but instead he enlisted me to save de Universe.”
“He wanted you dead? No, wait. What? Save the Universe?”
“I know, I know, I wanted to come for you, I should have come for you, but, but de WAR and, and, I dunno, I shoulda put you first,” Jimmy looked at his lap.
“Oh, Robert, no,” she lifted his face to hers. “If you had chosen me over saving the Universe then you wouldn’t be the man I love.”
“And you love me?”
“Of course,” she took his hands.
“Den marry me,” Jimmy stood up still holding her hands.
“What?”
“Dis WAR, who knows what will be happening, or when. Let’s do dis now.”
“But you will have to leave again, I don’t know if I could do it.”
“I have to leave, Matty, our mission not be over, but we could do dis, have dis.”
“Maybe for one day, maybe for life?”
“It be all I can offer you now,” and then he sank to one knee. “Will you?”
“Yes, yes I will,” she gushed and then they were hugging. 
***
“They’re doing it for cash and loot,” No Fingers was saying on the screen.
“Blah, blah, blah,” Chase said, “just get it done.”
“What I’m trying to say, Darkstaar, is that if it’s not worth it for them they’ll leave you high and dry.”
“All we need them to do is turn up; we’ll be in touch when we’re ready.”
“Is she there?”
“Hello, Daddy,” Matilda said as she entered the cockpit.
“Oh, Matilda, thank goodness,” No Fingers visibly sagged with relief.
“There we are, happy reunion, we’ll be in touch,” Chase breezed and switched off the comms.
“We be getting married,” Jimmy told them with a grin.
“What?” Milk asked.
“That’s wonderful,” Julianna said.
“Congratulations,” Dr. Hendricks said getting up to shake Jimmy’s hand.
“Nice one,” Chase said. “Something to look forward to.”
“No, we be getting married now.”
“That’s not overly viable is it?” Chase asked.
“We need to get back to UTN HQ, find a ship’s captain,” Jimmy told them.
“We need to get the rest of the ingredients first,” Dr. Hendricks told them. “Sorry, Jimmy.”
“Doc’s right, Jim, it can wait.”
“No, it can’t,” Jimmy argued. “We don’t know how long dis WAR will go for; we don’t know if we’ll survive it.”
“Especially with Chase’s plans,” Julianna added.
“Fair point,” Chase nodded.
“So to the HQ,” Jimmy prodded.
“And you think they’re going to stop having a war so that you can get married?” Milk asked.
“Voice of reason,” Doc noted.
“Screw ‘em, I have a better idea,” Chase said.
***
The Prime Minister paced his office while Defosimo and Ateksos sat eating HobNobs with some tea.
He wasn’t ready for this, it was the kind of thing the President would be better at. I mean, I am the leader of a country, but that doesn’t seem to matter anymore; all the politics and the squabbling and the deals and arms races now seemed quite pathetic. But it turned out that it was the pathetic that he was good at. It’s like being good at a video game; it’s fine, but ultimately pointless. It would be better to be good at medicine, something with a much wider range of usefulness. 
Plus, of course, running a country was one thing, running the World was quite another. And telling said World that there was an intergalactic war going on was another thing entirely.
“You will be fine,” Ateksos told him.
“Yes, yes, just get up say there’s a war, introduce the Queen,” Defosimo agreed.
“Well, it is a bit more monumental than that, don’t you think?” the PM asked testily.
“We certainly do,” Ateksos agreed and went back to nibbling his biscuit. No lips, remember?
“It’s time, Sir,” an aide popped his head around the door.
“Very well,” the PM sighed.
***
“Terd, how’s life?” Chase asked.
“War is no good for Durden Raiders, the men are restless,” Terd replied from the screen.
“Yes, and it won’t end without a UTN victory.”
“No, no it won’t, is there anything we can do to help?”
“Funny you should ask,” Chase grinned. “Two things, actually.”
***
 The PM and his alien cohorts drove across London towards Buckingham Palace where Earth’s press was waiting.
***
The Wild Rover came through its star-gate next to the Durden Raider Mothership and continued on and into one of its massive hangers. They were shown up to Terd in his quarters.
***
The PM, Ateksos and Defosimo were shown into Buckingham Palace and into the Queen’s rooms.
“Well this is a turn up, is it not?”
“Yes, Your Majesty, it is.”
“So just a good old pep talk is it?”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” the PM said. “I’ve written something for you,” he fumbled through his jacket.
“I’ve actually written something myself,” the Queen smiled.
“Really, Ma’am?”
“Well, yes, to be honest I get a little bored reading Prime Minister’s speeches. No offence, of course.”
“No. Of course not, Majesty.”
“It is quite fun having some power again, don’t you think, Prime Minister?”
“If you say so, Ma’am.”
“Oh do cheer up,” she scolded.
“Yes, Your Majesty.”
***
“Two very good reasons for a feast,” Terd triumphed.
“I’m not sure we have time, Commander Ferguson,” Chase said.
“Rubbish, Captain Darkstaar, I won’t send my men into battle without a feast beforehand. Might be the last they get.”
“Fair enough, Terd,” Chase grinned.
“And you don’t have a wedding without a feast, you’ve been in space too long,” he laughed and punched Chase on the arm. “Come on, let’s marry some people!”
***
“Ladies and Gentlemen of the press, to all those who are watching around the World and perhaps the Universe,” the PM spoke.
***
“Ladies, Gentlemen, Durden Raiders we gather here to wed these two people, to celebrate the union of souls,” Terd pronounced to the full dining hall. There were whoops, cheers and a belch.
***
“We gather here with grave news. Only recently have we joined the Universal Trading Network and I’m afraid to tell you that things have developed…”
***
“And so by the power invested in me as Commander of a Durden Mothership and with the witness of Chase Darkstaar and his assorted cadre…”
***
“And though Earth is not directly affected at this time, it is my sad duty to inform you that the Universe is officially at WAR.”
***
“I pronounce you husband and wife.”
***
There was stunned silence.
***
There was great cheering and clapping and someone threw Big Nick in the air.
***
“Ladies and Gentlemen, the Queen.”
The PM shuffled to the side as the Queen took to the podium.
“One and all, these are strange days for us all. One day we were quite unaware of the Universe that surrounded us, the next our eyes are opened by guests from the stars.
“In one day everything changed, our wars and politics became nothing more than the petty squabbles of the school playground. Our differences became similarities, our heritages joined. Squabbles for land became obsolete as sharing and uniting became the order of the day and people of Earth, you have done a fine job of it. 
“As Humans you have taken it all in your stride, you have abandoned racism for acceptance of other races from throughout the Universe. We have all seen the errors of our ways and taken the hands of those around us in peace and unity.
“Now there is once again war, war between races. A war that has nothing to do with us, but a war that may still reach us, that may suck us in as wars do. But we have seen the folly of war, we have grown above such things and we will not let ourselves be dragged down to such a base level again. We are brave and true, we seek peace, but will fight to defend it. This is a brave new world and I ask you all to join and be ready for what may become. 
“To stand up and say, I am of Earth, a great and prosperous world, with a history of greatness and mistakes. We will not go backwards, we will not lie down; we will not let those of evil intent take this World of ours.
“So I ask you now to prepare, and to be prepared, to stand up for a future we can believe in. 
I ask you to fight.
Thank you.”
***
“Really? On a Farngorian Bitterswatch?” Milk asked Bones Castille.
“Oh yeah, they tried to trick me, said it was the only mount left, didn’t think old Bones could win without getting eaten,” he laughed and slapped his thigh, then grimaced from his wound.
“How didn’t you get eaten?”
“Oh, it tried, you bet it did, but I smacked it on the nose every time. That’s how you get them, very sensitive nose.”
“Very big mouth below it.”
“Oh, yeah, sharp teeth, but it got tired of nose punches and as soon as we caught up to the nearest rider, it ate them instead.
“I was the only one to cross the finish line,” he laughed again and they both drank Durden Ale, which is not for the light hearted.
Or weak livered.
***
“No, no,” Big Nick told Chase. “Carute Whisky has the strength, the body.”
“Yeah, but Skyewalker,” Chase replied holding up his glass. “It’s refined, you know?”
“I don’t want refined, I want good whisky,” Big Nick countered.
“Well that’s, that’s because you’re unrefined, isn’t it?” 
“I’ve drank more Ryffinger’s Champagne than you’ve had, had, well, Ryffinger’s Champagne.”
“No, no, no, it’s only champagne if the grapes are grown in Champagne. That’s in France. You’re talking about sparkling wine.”
“Well what does it say on the bottle?”
“Yes. Champagne, but it’s wrong, you see.”
“The point is, Carute Whisky is better than Jonny Skyewalker. And you’re a big girl.”
“If I was a big girl, I wouldn’t get out of the bath,” countered Chase.
“I’m sorry,” said a voice.
“Trillo,” Chase beamed. “How are you? Sorry about the eye, man.”
“That doesn’t matter anymore.”
“Well, it might in winter, am I right?” Chase clinked glasses with Big Nick.
“I wasn’t sure if I could come here tonight,” Trillo said.
“OK, alright,” Chase pushed his hand through his hair. “But this isn’t over,” he said to Big Nick.
“No, but I’ll come back,” Big Nick said and wandered onto the impromptu dancefloor.
“You saved my life,” Trillo said.
“It’s cool, man.”
“It’s not. I owe my life to you; I am at your service.”
“That’s not how it works with me, Trillo.”
“It is now.”
“Ladies, Gentlemen, Raiders,” Terd Ferguson said into the mic. “Listen to me now.
“This WAR is no good for us, I for one am tired of fighting into galaxies just to get supplies,” there were cheers. “Chase Darkstaar, the man who freed me and many of you has a mission, a mission to help finish this foolish WAR. I say we give help, what say you?” 
There were cheers of ‘aye’ and ‘we’re with you’.
“Then you have spoken, Raiders, we follow Darkstaar. So tonight eat, drink and be merry for tomorrow the Durden Raiders go to WAR.”
There were whoops and cheers and clinking of glasses, the woman Big Nick was dancing with threw him in the air.
“It’s to war then?” Trillo asked.
Chase looked at him seriously. “Yes, it is. Can you do it?”
“I have found a home here that I never had before. Yes, I am in. In to the very end.”
“So be it,” Chase extended a hand and Trillo took it. “Welcome to the adventure.”
***
“Now I have you,” Matilda said smiling up at Jimmy as they danced.
“For tonight.”
“Do you have to go?”
“You know I do, I can’t leave dem.”
“Why not?”
“Dey be useless.”
Matilda smiled. “My husband saving the Universe.”
“Trying to.”
“You have to come back to me.”
“He will,” Chase said as he passed with a glass of Carute and one of Skyewalker. “Who’s seen Big Nick?”
“And he’s in charge is he?”
“Dat’s why dey need me,” Jimmy smiled down at her.
“You’re a good man, Robert.”
“Only because I met you.”
“I love you so much,” she smiled and hugged him tightly.
***
“Where are you going?” Julianna asked.
“Seen Big Nick?”
“Is that whisky?” she asked and took a glass, downing it.
“That was a, did you just down that?”
“Was it unladylike?”
“It was awesome.”
“Come dance with me,” she took his hand and led him onto the dancefloor.
***
“It’s a legend,” a scholar said.
“It’s not, I found a map,” Dr. Hendricks protested.
“Well where is it?” another scholar asked.
“Back in my office, I’m afraid.”
“Of course.”
“No proof.”
“I assure you the Castle of Rebart exists.”
“The castle made of gemstones lighter than air? Come on, Doctor.”
“How about the Star of Finitse?” Dr. Hendricks asked.
“Now, there is evidence,” one scholar started.
“Oh, so that which you have evidence for exists, does it?”
“At least none of us believe in the Toskey of Carnupance,” another scholar laughed and they all cheersed.
“Nope, not that one,” Hendricks agreed. “Though I did come across a tribe of Konja.”
“No,” protested a scholar.
“Now look here, you are all so unbelieving, but let me tell you it was I and my team who helped save you from Kargus VI and if I say I met Konja then I damn well did. Nearly cooked the big Indian fellow over there,” and he had their ears then.
***
The next day Chase awoke leadheadenly and walked out into the corridor and into Dr. Hendricks who either didn’t drink or was too oblivious of hangovers to get one.
“Morning,” he beamed.
“It is,” Chase mumbled.
“Isn’t that Julianna’s room?”
“I didn’t do anything.”
“I didn’t say anything,” reprimanded Hendricks.
“Of course not.”
“Well then,” Hendricks said and they walked on. “It’s still beautiful though.”
Chase hit him on the arm.
***
After a number of Ventrwistian coffees for all they were sitting in the cockpit of The Wild Rover. Matilda had stayed on the Durden ship as deep space was a lot safer than The Wild Rover. 
“What now?” asked Milk.
“More Trimedian ingredients while the Durden’s make ready,” Chase told them.
“What do we need?” asked Dr. Hendricks with an unlit pipe in his mouth.
“Jantite Basalt,” Milk said. “Should be able to get it from a number of planets.”
“Let’s find one without a war going on,” Julianna suggested.
“OK. Cherry? Nearest planet?”
“Well, er, that would be Tonix in the Falm Galaxy.”
“What?” Jimmy asked. “No, Rontin is closer.”
“Oh, but we don’t want to go there,” Cherry urged.
“It’s not being attacked,” Jimmy noted.
“Rontin, eh?” Chase asked. “Seems we may have a navy after all.”
“No. No, I don’t think that’s a good idea,” Cherry protested.
“What’s going on here? Julianna asked.
“Cherry’s jealous,” Milk said.
“I am not,” fumed Cherry.
“Then let’s set the course,” Chase said.
“Fine. Whatever. I’m just a computer after all.”
The Lechance slid forward and created a star-gate and then they were in the Vallit Galaxy close to the planet of Rontin. From there they could see the three suns that drifted around the galaxy seemingly at random, sometimes drifting out of it completely.
“So, I am still in the dark,” Dr. Hendricks said.
“With three suns?” Chase asked.
“Very funny, but what was it you said about having a navy?”
“Evangeline,” Jimmy said.
“Yup,” Chase agreed.
Cherry harrumphed and Milk laughed.
“You really think she’s going to join our little war? You’re mad.”
“Why not?”
“Why not? You do remember Evangeline, right?”
“Mostly,” Chase admitted.
“Oh, this is going to be fun.”
“Well, let’s get the basalt before we do anything,” Julianna said. 
“Scanning now,” Jimmy told her. “OK, I have a lock on a good outcrop.”
They flew through Rontin’s atmosphere to be greeted by land seemingly entirely covered by forested mountains.
“How do we land in country like that?” Julianna asked.
“It’s deceptive,” Chase said. “There is actually quite a lot of flat land in valleys and plateaus. It just doesn’t look like it from above.”
“It’s quite the place of legend actually,” Dr. Hendricks told her. “The Chonbium people allegedly lived here. The Cave of the Ancients is said to be located on a planet very much fitting the description of this one. Oh, and it is also one of the suggested resting places of the Toskey of Carnupance, though no one believes that is real.”
“Who are the Chonbium people?”
“Were,” Hendricks corrected. “They were an ancient people, one of the few who could travel intergalactically.
“You see ruins ascribed to them all over the Universe. The deepest levels of Rarbar for instance.”
“Cave of Ancients?” Milk asked fascinated.
“Yes. Don’t know much about that one. It gets mentioned in ancient texts a lot, but no one has ever fully explained what it is. As if it was common knowledge, not worth explaining.”
“OK, going in to land,” Chase told them and they descended through giant trees of greens, browns, golds, silvers and yellows.
“It’s beautiful,” Julianna breathed.
“And probably dangerous,” Milk pointed out.
“You been here before, Milk,” Jimmy said.
“OK. Definitely dangerous.”


THE TIGER OF RONTIN AND THE CAVE OF ANCIENTS

Rontin was an interesting place. The continent of Jadan, where our heroes were headed, was covered in thick forest, so thick and dangerous that no one had ever tried to cut it down. Not that they needed to if they wanted treeless land as the Rolling Plains of Ge were also on Rontin. As were the Frief Mountains, containing two of the highest peaks in the Universe and chock full of the bones of climbers. None of which had ever reached the peaks. The oceans here were the deepest in the Universe and were home to the Flaid people. They had so much water to live in they didn’t bother to join the rest of the Universe, even when the Carute people offered them HoverSpheres. Some of the buildings in their underwater cities dwarfed those on dry land.
What every continent on Rontin, whether forest or desert, had in common was the amount of dangerous flora and fauna it held. It was consider the second most dangerous place to visit in the Universe, after Australia.
***
The descent was tight amongst the trees, but Cherry had found a clearing big enough and Chase slowly eased her down to land.
“Be alert,” Chase said pulling a pistol.
“What’s out here?” Julianna asked.
“Rontin Tigers,” Jimmy said.
“Big and mean,” Milk nodded.
“You’ve been here before?” she asked.
“Once or twice on business,” Milk said. “Never out in the wilds though.
“Dis way,” Jimmy said looking up from his computer.
They walked through the ginormous, densely packed trees, the canopy, which was hundreds of feet above them, stopped much light and the undergrowth was mainly waist-high ferns and bush. What undergrowth they couldn’t push through was Chase hacked at with the sword Janxom had given him. After only twenty minutes the trees became less dense and the undergrowth grew thicker as they pushed through into a clearing with a flat topped slab of sparkling black Jantite Basalt. On top of that lay a giant snake.
“Cantata snake,” Hendricks breathed. “Saw one in a zoo once.”
“Must be fifty foot,” Jimmy whispered.
“Fifty-five,” Milk whispered.
“How are we going to get the basalt from under that?” Julianna questioned.
“Shoot it?” Chase asked.
“Too fast,” Hendricks said. “You wouldn’t kill it before it killed one of us.”
“Is there any more basalt close by?”
“No, mon.”
“Maybe we could lure it off?” Chase asked.
“Oh, no,” Milk said. “I’m not being bait for that thing.”
“Not I,” Doc agreed.
“Look,” Julianna pointed across the clearing where the undergrowth was shaking a little.
“What is it?” Chase asked.
And then slowly a Rontin Tiger stalked out of the bushes. It must have been twenty foot long and had a tail half as long as its body ending in some kind of hardened skin or bone that looked like a black knife. With its head down it slowly stalked toward the Cantata snake. 
“This is incredible,” whispered Dr. Hendricks.
The tiger had nearly reached the basalt table and it tensed ready to leap. The snake seemed not to have noticed it at all and then as the tiger leapt the snake suddenly sprang up and met it in mid-air.
 The Cantata snake was fast as lightning and wrapped itself around the tiger as they both fell to the ground. The tiger writhed and lashed at the snake’s head with its long tail while the snake dodged and hissed.
“Go! Go!” Chase whisper-shouted and crouch ran to the edge of the basalt and started desperately chipping it away. Milk, Jimmy and Hendricks ran over and did the same while Julianna stayed back to keep an eye on the fight, gun drawn.
“How much do we need?” Chase asked desperately.
“Just keep going,” Milk hissed.
The Rontin Tiger had somehow slipped out of the snakes coils and was trying to grab it in it’s massive jaws while lashing out with its tail.
“Come on, come on,” Julianna said under her breath as the mighty snake whipped its tail around and managed to grab the tiger again. It started to coil around further as the tiger lashed it with it’s tail. The tail whipped, but the snake dodged and lunged, grabbing the tail in its jaws. The tiger roared and Chase dropped his small pickaxe. The snake was now coiling further around the tiger and it couldn’t get its head around to bite.
“Time to go,” Julianna whisper shouted and one by one the four men sprinted back into the undergrowth. They turned back in time to see the Rontin Tiger go limp and the great snake unhinge its jaws to swallow it.
“Let’s get out of here,” Chase urged.
“Two steps ahead of you,” Milk said from two steps ahead.
***
Safely back in their ship they took off.
“Well, good job, we should probably go,” Cherry said.
“Not yet,” Chase replied.
“Fine.”
Chase flew above the trees which seemed to be one unending, dark green canopy until he came to a higher mountain and instead of going up he flew down and into the canopy.
“So who is this Evangeline and why does she live in a place like this?” Julianna asked.
“Her father is the head of the Shen Mi, or was. He was pretty old,” Milk explained.
“The Shen Mi? The crime gang?”
“That’s the one,” Chase said.
“Supposedly they owned the bar I worked in.”
“Wouldn’t surprise me.”
“I’m not sure I want to meet the head of a gang that uses people for profits,” Julianna thought aloud.
“No, I’m not a fan,” Milk said.
“But dey do have a lot of ships,” Jimmy pointed out.
“Yup,” said Chase swaying the ship between trees.   
They landed on a large landing pad at the foot of the mountain that was completely obscured by the canopy. In the side of the mountain was a giant cave entrance.
“No one around,” Milk noted as they stood by the ship.
“Not a good sign,” Chase said.
“Why not?” the Doc asked.
“Guards should be on us by now, surprised we didn’t get shot down.”
“Well that is surely a good thing,” Hendricks said.
“No, it means we be expected.”
They walked into the cave which was pitch black until they got further in. Once there was light they could see that the walls were smooth and apparently carved out or widened by machine. After a while they came to a hanger that was filled with sleek black fighters, but otherwise deserted. Except for the tall Enthusian, cloaked in a robe that completely hid his face and two armed Albertines.
“Chase Darkstaar,” the Enthusian stated.
“Toby,” Chase greeted with a smile.
“My name, as you well know, is not Toby.”
“But you look like a Toby, doesn’t he look like a Toby?”
The Enthusian sighed. 
“This way,” and the trio of greeters turned and they followed.
“Seriously, is there anyone in the Universe you don’t annoy?” Julianna asked.
Through a door at the back of the hanger they got into much more comfortable territory. Thick carpets and Chinese wall hangings. The odd vase in lit recesses.
“What language is this?” Julianna asked.
“Mandarin, I believe,” Dr. Hendricks said.
“Cantonese,” Chase corrected. “When the Victorians went back to Earth to pick up Milk’s ancestors, Hong Kong was under British rule and doing great business so they took some Cantonese into space to help with trading.”
“I stand corrected,” Hendricks said. “You know, I know so little about Earth.”
“So do most Earthens,” Milk said.
“But I am realising on our adventures, I know so little about the Universe. The snake and tiger was just fascinating.”
“Fascinating isn’t the word, Doc,” Milk said.
“You could spend a life time exploring and not see everything, not truly understand,” the good Doctor mused.
“Plenty worth missing, Doc,” Chase said.
“Yeah, like de Shen Mi.”
They got to the end of the corridor and went through a door into a large, tastefully lit reception area. The dim bulb business was obviously doing well.
“Empty,” Julianna said.
“Oh, dere be people watching us, no doubt.”
They followed the Enthusian to another door where he stopped.
“Surrender your weapons here,” he told them. Could be a she, hard to tell with Enthusians.
They did as they were told and then the Enthusian opened the door and they entered, the Enthusian closing the door behind them.
“Well, well, Chase Darkstaar,” said an Asian woman sitting on an almost throne like chair on a raised dais at the end of the room.
“Thought I was dead?”
“Not at all,” Evangeline said. “The only two people who could kill you are in this room.”
The four of them looked at each other.
“Her and Milk,” Chase said.
“So what brings you here?” Evangeline asked standing up. She had long, thick black hair, a large bust and curved figure fitted into a long red silk dress with a dragon climbing up it. She fitted the room which was covered in silk wallpaper and decorated with vases and terracotta statues amongst couches. Lots of reds and greens with spotlights highlighting the treasures and statues.
“We could use some help,” Chase said and she laughed.
“You think I’m going to help you?” she walked up to Chase and put a finger under his chin.
“I was hoping.”
“Told you,” Milk said.
“Still the optimist, Milk?” Evangeline looked at him.
He shrugged. “You know me.”
“I would have thought all that time on Earth would have done you good.”
“How do you know?” Chase asked.
She tilted her head and looked at him.
“OK, stupid question,” Chase agreed.
“You want me to help you in this war, correct?” she asked as she went back and sat back down.
“You seem very well informed, Madame,” Dr. Hendricks said.
“I am, Doctor, I am,” she agreed.
“Should we be presuming you are now in charge?” Jimmy asked.
“You should, Mr. Johnson, poor Daddy died three years ago.”
“My condolences.”
“And my congratulations on your wedding.”
“T’anks.”
“So are you going to help?” Chase asked.
“Why worry about a little war, my love? Come and be by my side where you belong,” she replied and Julianna felt her heart begin to race, her cheeks flush.
“I didn’t accept back in the day, I’m not going to now.”
Evangeline sighed.
“This is useless,” Julianna said.
“The WAR must be bad for business,” Chase pressed.
“Oh, a girl can be flexible, there is profit in war.”
“That’s despicable,” Julianna spat.
“Get off of your high horse,” Evangeline burned. “I know who you are, valkswagon, you used to work for me.”
Julianna sagged a little and looked away. Dr. Hendricks put a paw lightly on her back.
“But I will help you; in fact we have been preparing to join this WAR in our way.”
“Why?” Jimmy asked.
“It could be seen that there is more to this WAR than meets the eye,” she replied.
“Like what?” Chase asked.
“Oh, honey, I’m not going to help you more than I need to for my own ends. I learned to hate you over the years.”
“I’ve changed.”
“Obviously, but your heart has not,” she grabbed her breasts and ran her hands down her body. “Look at this, it could have been all yours, we could have ruled this Universe together, pulled every string. Together.”
“I’m sorry, Evangeline.”
“No,” she shouted and then calmed. “No, you’re not.”
“Is the offer open to anyone else?” Dr. Hendricks asked hopefully and Evangeline flashed him a smile.
“Well you’re a cheeky one, aren’t you? I like that; there’s hope for you yet, Doctor,” she stood up. “But I have something I think you’d rather see.”
***
They took a shuttle from the hanger that was now busy with people of all races. They flew for an hour before landing in a small clearing. As they got out a Rontin Tiger emerged from the trees, took one look at Evangeline and ran away.
“From here we walk,” she told them, now dressed in loose trousers and a tight white shirt.
“I hope it doesn’t rain,” Chase suggested.
“I’m rather hoping it does,” mused our good Doctor.
“It will rain when and if I tell it to,” Evangeline said without looking back.
They set off through the trees, Evangeline and Chase at the front.
“Call me a fool, but,” Chase started.
“You are a fool.”
“OK, but you hate me, but you’re helping me, but you won’t tell me everything.”
“That’s right.”
“That makes absolutely no sense.”
“Then you are still dense, Darkstaar.
“I hate you, but I love you. I am lonely, don’t you see? Sitting alone in my secret kingdom and the only man who is a match for me, who could satisfy me, is not interested.”
“It’s not that I’m not interested, Evangeline.”
“It’s that once you were too interested in roaming the Universe and now you are too interested in saving it. And you have that little twig of a woman.”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“Oh, honey, are you still so blind?” Evangeline exasperated. “I’ll give you what I know for sure, I’ll help you, but only because what might come to pass will be worse for all of us.”
“What do you mean?” Chase pleaded.
“Here we are.”
They stood at yet another cave entrance.
“The Cave of Ancients,” Evangeline declared.
“Can this be?” Hendricks asked excitedly.
“I told you I had something you would prefer,” Evangeline winked at him.
They walked in and Evangeline hit a switch that lit bulbs strung along the ceiling. 
“Gambling, prostitution, protection rackets as well as protection, my Father ran it all, but his real life’s work was hunting for this cave. He found it only six years ago, he spent the last years of his life in here.”
“This is unbelievable,” Dr. Hendricks breathed as he looked at the walls.
On one side was writing, on the other pictures.
“What is it, Doc?” Milk asked.
“Well you see here,” Hendricks ran to the writing wall and peered at it, “this seems to be a history. The tales of the Chonbium people. This is incredible, look here, it is the Saga of Yonchip. And here something about a book. And here about a portal, like a star-gate. Here again, The Book of Five Worlds, whatever that is, I’ve never heard of it. And here at the end, the Wars of the Great End.
“And look at this, sorry, what we know of the Chonbium language is pieced together, but it seems to be a poem. I can’t make out that, here is something about the death of worlds, here about the end of reason for the sake of power,” he read silently. “Yes and here, the ending, their last writings:
“Will you weep for me when I am gone?
Will you weep for the loss of knowledge?
The loss of reason, for the hate of hearts?
Do not weep for me, for I am lost.
Do not weep tears of sorrow, for I do not.
I weep
Yes, I weep
Not tears of sorrow nor joy
I weep
Yes, I weep
I weep
The tears of war.”

Dr. Hendricks stood back.
“It’s beautiful,” Julianna said.
“It is,” Evangeline agreed as they looked at each other.
“And what of this other wall, Doc?” Chase asked.
“Well this,” the Doc got all excited again as he ran to the other wall, “this, look at it.”
“It looks like de Universe.”
“Right you are, Jimmy, it is, it is. It’s a map of the Universe, but look at this here.”
“I don’t recognise it,” Milk said.
“No, but here, this seems to be Tegariff Major, here Tegariff Minor and here?”
“Looks like a star-gate,” Milk said.
“Right, but not. They didn’t have them. The portal that they mentioned? And here above it another galaxy and over here,” Hendricks ran along the wall, “here, is this Earth? I think it is, look at this red smudge, it must be Mars, but beyond, look beyond.”
“Another galaxy,” Chase said in awe, “but that’s impossible, Earth is on the edge on the Universe.”
“Known Universe, my boy, known Universe,” Hendricks enthused. “I could spend a lifetime in here.”
“But not now,” Evangeline said. “Don’t you have a Universe to save?”
“She’s right. Maybe you can come back.”
“Could I?” Hendricks asked.
“I think that can be allowed,” Evangeline agreed. “I am not the one to finish Daddy’s work.”
“But what is the point of all this?” Julianna asked. “How does this help?”
“If it does, it does,” was all Evangeline replied.
***
They sat aboard The Wild Rover as Chase and Evangeline stood at the bottom of the ramp.
“We will be ready soon,” she told him.
“And come to the Hadess Galaxy.”
“Yes, you have said. Just make sure the UTN know we’re coming.”
“I will.”
“Then go.”
“Tell me what all this is about.”
“You want my information, but not my heart. Leave,” and she turned her back on him.
He stared at her as she walked to a group of armed guards and then walked together to the cave entrance. He felt guilt and loss and longing. He felt sorry for her and her loneliness, he felt guilty that he was the only one to make her happy, but he couldn’t bring himself to enter her world. He thought of Julianna and what might be growing between them. Nothing had happened outside of falling asleep together and he could turn his back on that. She hadn’t expressed any feelings and this wasn’t the time. She was part of the team, a friend. They had to finish this WAR before they could think of anything else. There could be no thinking of the future when there was no future to think of.
He headed up the ramp. 
***
They exited the Vallit Galaxy and entered the Faler Galaxy.
It was a graveyard. UTN and A.R.S.E wrecks floated in space. Dead.
Chase flew on to the planet Konivivre.
Before they had left, Evangeline had given Dr. Hendricks scans of the walls of the Cave of Ancients and he now poured over them at a computer while Cherry scanned all known databases for help in translation and context.
“It’s quite fascinating,” he said.
“Yeah,” Milk said, but he wasn’t really listening. He was thinking of Evangeline. 
There had been a time when he had wanted her, wanted to be with her. Thought that he could be. But she had laughed him off. She was only interested in Chase and he had never told anyone of his solo trip to see her. He thought of her feelings for Chase and felt sad for her, for her loneliness. No one could tame Chase Darkstaar, at least not back then. 
And so his thoughts turned instead to Dr. Angela Frost. Someone who did seem to be interested in him, to see through his giant build and into the man inside. Could there be something there? A future? Was there a future beyond this WAR? He hoped so, he hoped there was a future with Angela. He smiled to himself, thinking of her name. Angela. He would see her soon.
Jimmy’s thoughts had also been on Evangeline, Beauty and the Beast Chase had always called her, but he didn’t seem to remember that now. And what a beauty and what a beast she was. Too much for him to even dream of handling. But he had once; every man who met her had the same thoughts. 
But now he was a married man. He didn’t need someone like Evangeline, he needed someone like Matilda and he had found her. He couldn’t believe it.
Yes, there was the question of her Father, but it was never going to be easy for a man who had lived the life he had. Still, that was behind him now, she had changed him, she had shown him the simple pleasures in life. Had given him a love of nature and reading. She had opened his eyes to new worlds and experiences and made him see old ones with new eyes. And he would see her soon, but he would have to leave again, finish this WAR before they could ever be happy.
Julianna wasn’t sure what she was feeling. That woman had made her feel like nothing. The leader of the Shen Mi while she was just a girl in one of their bars. She was nothing while Evangeline sat in silk on a throne.
But Evangeline wanted Chase and she couldn’t have him. She could. Or could she? They had slept together twice now, nothing more, just sleep. Well, they had kissed after the wedding, but she didn’t know if Chase remembered. Maybe they had done more, she couldn’t remember, she’d drunk a lot of Chokdee cocktails that night. 
She didn’t even know what she felt for Chase. Did she want something or not? She couldn’t just jump in and find out, he was a friend and he was part of the team. Caring for someone and loving someone were two very different things. She cared for Milk, Jimmy and the Doc, but she felt something different for Chase. But then didn’t all the women who met him? Weren’t Evangeline’s feelings stronger than her own?
But did it matter at this point? If they couldn’t finish this WAR then there wasn’t a future for any of them.
The same thoughts occupied them all for though none could see a future beyond the WAR it was the War and how it had brought them together, that made them think of tomorrow. There had been no hope and now there was. Hope of life and happiness and each of them became more determined to finish their mission. To find out what could lie ahead for them.
They burned through the atmosphere of Konivivre.

 
AN ENDLESS REST IN THE SPOILS OF WAR

The planet was devastated, buildings were on fire everywhere and the skyways had fallen down in numerous places. Rising above the other buildings was the Intergalactical Hotel and as they flew across the city there was an explosion and the top quarter of the hotel slid off to the ground. The Wild Rover swooped lower and they could see bands of people moving through the streets. Some were scavenging, some were fighting over food or water. Maybe territory. There were no Laikans, no Cantorvials nor Merricks. No UTN forces either. The fight for this galaxy had ended and both sides had abandoned it.
“It doesn’t make any sense,” Julianna said. “I thought they were trying to get more territory”
“Maybe they lost the battle here,” Milk suggested.
“So where are the UTN forces?”
“You’re right,” Hendricks agreed. “This makes no sense, why destroy a galaxy and not claim it?”
“There’s something more to it; Evangeline does nothing without reason. She is cold and calculating, always working on an angle. She showed us that map of the Universe for a reason,” Chase said.
“How is it possible that an ancient race with no star-gates could know of more galaxies than we do?” Julianna asked.
“All through histories, technology has been discovered, lost and rediscovered,” Hendricks said.
“Lost technology,” Chase mused.
“What are you t’inking?” Jimmy asked.
“Thoughts. Just thoughts for now.”
He took The Wild Rover down to land.
“What are we doing?” Milk asked.
“I want to see,” Chase said.
***
They landed and got out. Smoke and dust billowed through the streets. As they disembarked they saw people scattering. There were bodies in the street, both A.R.S.E and UTN as well as civilians. Something exploded in a shop and a Jobru crawled out and died. They walked a little further to see a UTN LAAP crashed in the street, bodies strewn about it. 
“What did they gain here?” Dr. Hendricks asked.
“I don’t know, Doc,” Chase replied.
Suddenly a Human, no more than a teenager, ran out to the LAAP, grabbed a gun and then disappeared back down an alleyway.
“The WAR is finished here,” Julianna said, “but the misery has only just begun.”
“Why are we doing this?” Milk asked again.
“I want to see, I want to see the real WAR. Not just our adventures, but the true cost of war,” Chase said.
“I saw enough of that in the subway,” Milk replied.
They could feel eyes on them, from broken windows and dark alleyways. They heard distant gun fire and somewhere a baby was crying.
Chase looked around at the rubble of destroyed buildings, there was a random toilet laying in the street. The WAR didn’t make any sense, but there had to be a reason behind it all. Maybe it didn’t make sense because they were looking at it wrong. They had to start again, look at what was happening and then come to a conclusion, a reason, instead of trying to get the events to fit their presupposed reasons.
There had to be more to it because Evangeline was holding back on him, she knew more which meant there was more to know, something that they weren’t seeing. Things began to tumble and click before a building’s façade finally gave up and slid to the floor, nearly burying our heroes and uncovering people cowering in the rooms behind.
“Come on, let’s get this, what is it?”
“Water from the River Das, some kind of plankton in the water,” Milk said.
“Whatever, let’s get it.”
They walked back to The Wild Rover that was now surrounded by a loose group of people trying to find a way in. Chase shot his pistol in the air and they fled, but once the ramp was down and they were halfway up the people came back.
“Take us with you,” a Reutorgian female begged.
“We can’t,” Chase said.
“We can’t stay here,” an old Merrick pleaded.
“It’s your people doing this,” a Human man blamed.
“Not me,” the Merrick countered, but someone threw a bottle at him. It hit him on the head and he fell.
“Stop,” commanded Chase.
“Then stay here, give us your ship,” an Oncolutian shouted to cheers.
“Stay back,” Milk warned.
“We can take them,” someone else shouted to cheers of agreement.
“Up, up,” Chase shouted and they ran as Chase fired across the mob’s head.
A Carute flew up above the ramp, but the cracks in it’s HoverSphere couldn’t take it and the glass shattered sending the Carute flailing to earth where it splatted.
They pulled up as the baying crowd increased and Chase could only watch as they turned on each other, fighting and screaming.
***
They flew up and out to the countryside. Even here there was fire and craters from the bombardment. No one had come away unscathed. Except the River Das, that flowed and sparkled in the sun.
Nothing stops water, Dr. Hendricks thought. It doesn’t care about anything but flowing. Wars and politics and natural disasters never stop it. It just goes on and on. 
He wondered again how he would go on after all this had ended. If indeed it did. He couldn’t go back to his book. He could, but it would no longer be living. 
The others had nothing to go back to either, or so they thought, but Jimmy was now married, Milk had his daughter and perhaps Dr. Frost. Chase and Julianna would stick together, he knew that. They might separate for a while, but they would return. They couldn’t live without each other anymore. 
But what of him? An old man? Where would he go?
He watched the river flow. His own life was flowing to the sea.
They landed next to it and took out the containers Dr. Frost had supplied. They dunked them in the river in silence. Filling and taking to the ship, getting another, filing and taking back until they had enough. 
Chase’s mind was on all that he had seen of the WAR, but more-so on the poor older gentleman at the bank. The man that he had shot. What was he supposed to do? Those people needed to get out and the man had gone quite mad. What he did was justified, this was war and that man was endangering innocent lives no differently from the invading forces. 
Still.
It wasn’t his fault he got caught up in a war; it wasn’t anyone’s fault, but those who started it. 
But then who did? The Laikans physically started it, but not for seemingly no reason. Perhaps the UTN had started it years before in the way they treated certain races. Or perhaps that was justified because of the way the Laikans were. Ultimately politics start wars, but it is not politicians who fight them. It is innocent men and women who volunteer or have little choice in life but to make the military their home. And ultimately it is innocents like the gentleman in the pinstripe suit who suffer at the hands of people like himself.
“You must be tired,” a soothing voice said.
“I am,” Chase replied.
“What?” Milk asked.
“Huh?”
“You must be tired,” the voice said again. “Come here to me and find peace.”
“Mission,” Chase mumbled.
“You are tired and in need of a rest, your mind is weak and in need of sustenance.”
“OK,” Chase said.
“Chase!” Julianna shouted and ran into the river after him.
She grabbed him and pulled him back just as a large shark-like mouth burst from the water snapping its teeth-filled jaws.
Julianna pulled him onto the bank where he flopped to the floor.
“What happened?” Milk asked.
“What?” Chase asked groggily.
“Hmm,” hmm’d Dr. Hendricks. “Psiren Quaterorb. Gets in your mind, lures you in.”
“Time to go,” Jimmy suggested.
But Chase didn’t go, not quite yet. He flew over the world, looking down at the lines of people escaping the cities, seeing the black smoke that poured out of said cities.
“Where are the camps?” Julianna asked.
“What camps?” Milk asked.
“Well surely the UTN is setting up camps to tend to the wounded, to house those who have lost their homes.”
“Nothing I can see,” Chase said.
“Why aren’t they helping?” Julianna asked desperately.
“Yes,” Chase said pensively. “Why don’t they help?”
“Still be time to go,” Jimmy said.
“Yeah,” Chase said.
And it was. Time to head back to Tooken and the UTN HQ.


THE FORMATION OF THE UNITED TSAR BATTLE FLEET (Or What You Will)

Milk walked through metallic grey corridors toward the laboratories. He was nervous; would she be happy to see him? Was what happened between them simply a product of what she had been through? Like she said, this was his bread and butter, it wasn’t hers. Had she thought of him? Had she come to a realisation that she wouldn’t want to be with someone like him?
He would find out now, here was the door.
***
The room was as dimly lit as ever, really, no one likes change, do they?
“The gun is progressing?” Fong-gan asked.
“Let us not talk of this now, Darkstaar will be here any minute” Hopkirk chided.
“Already here, boss,” Chase said stepping out of the shadows.
“How do you do that?” Sir Jeffery asked with not a small amount of awe.
“You got our message?”
“We did,” said Mark. “Do you think Forster’s plan will work?”
“You don’t agree with it?” Chase asked surprised.
“It is the best we have at this time,” George waved a hand.
“But you have reservations?”
“We are not sure that a rag tag navy will be much of a distraction to the Laikans,” Hikcet said. “But we’ll try anything that gives us an upper hand.”
“You don’t have much faith in us, do you?”
“You’ve done exceptionally well so far,” Sir Jeffery said.
“We’re losing this WAR, Mr. Darkstaar,” Hopkirk, the Enthusian said. “Or should I say Commodore Darkstaar? Either way a distraction isn’t going to turn the tide.”
“You haven’t seen my navy,” Chase grinned.
***
Dr. Angela Frost should have been working on the Trimedian, but had spent the best part of the day pacing a gully into the floor. She’d heard that The Wild Rover was coming with more ingredients for her to prepare and she couldn’t hold her nerves. She was excited and nervous and these mixed feelings contrigued her. She was excited to get on with the Trimedian, but it wasn’t that that was making her heart race. No, it was Milk. She was excited to see him again, but nervous about how he might feel. I mean, he was basically a space pirate for most of his life, right? What if he had just been using her? But no, that didn’t sit right; he was too kind, too gentle. But he was also in a war, maybe he had forgotten about her, maybe he had met someone else, maybe, maybe, maybe wasn’t going to help her. She had a comms patch linked to the hanger and heard that The Wild Rover was landing. She went to her lab bench and started working furiously to distract herself.
***
Chase was in a frankly huge room called Space Control: Hadess also known by the much more awesome name: Space Control: Prime. It was, like similar rooms in every galaxy the place where the galaxy was monitored, every ship that passed in and out of the star-gate was logged, every ship within the galaxy was monitored. But being part of the UTN Headquarters it was also linked to every other Space Control. This was the room that monitored the whole of the Universal Trading Network and in charge of it was Admiral Bowser.
“Too many blank screens,” Bowser said to Chase, pointing to one huge wall full of screens. Each one was a Space Control.
“Yeah,” was all Chase could reply.
“Space Control: 12 reports enemies are pulling back, Sir,” someone said from a console. The room was full of computer consoles. Seriously, the IT jobs came with danger money and a will was signed along with the contract. When you rang the IT department a pre-recorded message asked if you had turned it off and back on again before you could even get though.
“That, Commodore Darkstaar, is a rare thing,” the Admiral told him. “Unless you’re in the galaxy it seems.”
“Sir, a Durden Mothership has appeared through the star-gate.”
“We’re expecting them, but run the checks first,” the Admiral commanded. “I never thought I’d be letting Durden Raiders through our defences.”
“They’re here to help.”
“You are a source of wonder, Commodore.”
“They are clear, Sir, the Greased Lightning under the command of a Terd Ferguson,” someone said from a console as someone else sniggered.
“It’s spelt with an ‘e’,” Chase scolded absentmindedly.
“Well then show them to their holding pattern. Seems you have a fleet to organise, Commodore.” 
“Good luck, Admiral,” Chase said and left.
“Commodore?”
“Yes?” Chase turned at the door.
“Does any of this make sense to you?”
“How do you mean?”
“The galaxies they attack? The fact that they are either wilfully driven back or leave once they have won.”
“No it doesn’t,” Chase said and thought again about bait. He had told Jimmy to remember that. Bait. “They’re not interested in galaxies, they’re wearing us down.”
“It’s a trap,” Admiral Bowser said. “Mark my words, it’s a trap.”
***
Milk stood before Angela who stood before Milk. They just looked at each other, both unsure as to how the other one felt. They studied their eyes, their expression, their posture; neither one wanting to say or do the wrong thing. Angela read Milk’s feelings from his eyes.
“Nervous?” she asked.
He saw the same feelings in her face as he felt in the pit of his stomach.
“But excited too,” he replied and then she grinned. 
“Nerxcited.”
And he grinned and then she was in his arms.
“Still in one piece,” she said into his chest.
“It’s been close.”
“What have you been doing?” she asked as she pulled away.
“Well, there was the Ankarian, of course, and a Cantata snake at one point. Oh, and Gantys and the Cave of Ancients,” and so Milk started to fill her in.
Nerxited. To be nervous and excited at the same time. Bet we’ve all felt that way. Probably a word in German for it. Anyway, you’re welcome.
***
Matilda had been shuttled to the HQ and now sat with her husband. They held hands, but didn’t speak, just happy to be together for a brief period.
They were doing something stupid, forming a battle fleet. They’d always known they couldn’t help everyone, couldn’t go to war, but by retrieving the Trimedian they could help bring an end to the WAR.
But now they were going to war.
But sitting there, Jimmy knew that they could finish this WAR, but more than that. He had something to come back to. They had to do this, had to finish this WAR so that he could come back to her.
Chase had found an observation room that had a large screen that showed the star-gate and had pulled up a table and chair next to a window. He was unaware of the people bustling around the room at desks and computers. He didn’t care.
He looked out at his slowly forming battle fleet, but this wasn’t war. He wasn’t going to war, it was just a distraction, that was all. He wouldn’t go to war, despite all that he had seen. He wanted to, he wanted to go out and crush them all, all those that caused this misery, both A.R.S.E and UTN.
He didn’t notice until Julianna was sitting opposite him.
“Commodore,” she greeted.
“Don’t.”
“How’re you feeling about this?”
“It’s no different from what we’ve been doing, just something else to stop the WAR.”
“This is different.”
“It’s just a diversion.”
“And then? I’m sorry, I know that this is far from over, but what next?”
“It’s too far from over.”
“I know, but I keep thinking about it. What then? What happens when this is over, when there is now longer a need for TSAR?”
“It’s a good name, isn’t it?” Chase smiled tiredly.
“Not really,” she smiled back.
“No. Nothing really has been has it?”
“But we’ve succeeded.”
“By luck,” he said dejectedly.
“By natural flair and ability,” she took his hands. 
***
“Sir,” someone called, “I don’t believe it, but Freddy No Fingers has just arrived through the star-gate with a large fleet of random ships.”
“Show them to a holding pattern,” Admiral Bowser sighed.
“But, Sir, he’s a wanted criminal.”
“I know, I know, war makes strange bedfellows.”
***
“Look at that, people coming here to be part of your fleet,” she said. “People who believe in you.”
“Somewhere quiet,” Chase said.
“What?”
“After all this is over. Somewhere quiet.”
“And alone?” she asked tentatively.
***
Dr. Frost was now busy with the new Trimedian ingredients and Milk had left to find his daughter.
“Is your Mother here?”
“Yes, should I call her?”
“No,” Milk shook his head. “Let’s leave the past to the past.”
“And what about the future?” she asked tenderly.
“I can’t think about that now.”
“But you are,” Helena smiled. “I’ve met Dr. Frost. She seems very nice, very pretty.”
“I don’t know about that,” Milk blushed and Helena laughed a little and threw her arms around her Dad.
***
“Matilda,” Freddy No Fingers said from the door.
Matilda and Jimmy stood up, Jimmy’s hand reflexively going for his gun.
“Calm yourself, Jazz, I’m not here to fight.”
“Sorry, but you did try an’ assassinate me.”
Freddy shrugged. “And here you are married to my daughter anyway. I guess even I can’t beat love.”
“You be cool wit’ it?”
“Cool, no, but if Matilda is happy then what more can I do?”
“It’s my life, Dad,” Matilda said.
“Yes, yes. Anyway, welcome to the family,” and he extended his hand.
Jimmy took it and shook. “T’anks. I t’ink.”
***
“This is incredible,” Sir Jeffery said looking at the screen.
“He has done better than we could have thought,” agreed Hikcet. 
On the screen was the Durden Mothership, a loose collection of Space Pirates and a fleet of Shen Mi ships that had just arrived to the astonishment of everyone in the awesomely named Space Control: Prime.
“I wasn’t even sure the Shen Mi were real,” Mark the Oncolutian said.
“The extent of Darkstaar’s influence throughout the Universe is troubling,” Hopkirk noted.
“Are you worried we have created a beast to kill a monster?” George asked.
“Perhaps,” Hopkirk said. “Perhaps.”
***
“The fleet seems to be gathered,” Julianna said.
“Yes,” Chase answered looking out the window. “It’s time to do this, time to take action.”
“We’ll be alright,” Julianna said.
“You think we’ll make it?” he asked looking up at the screen.
“Hell, yeah,” Julianna beamed, squeezing his hands.
“Not alone,” he said.
“What?”
“I don’t want to be alone anymore. Come on, we’ve got a war to finish.”
He smiled a tired smile at her and she smiled back before they got up and left the room hand in hand.
***
The five members of TSAR were in the hanger when Andrew Forster walked over and shook Chase’s hand.
“So this is the legendary TSAR,” he said.
“We’re short two,” Chase told him and then, as if on cue, the Salvation entered the hanger and landed.
The Heskin boys walked over to the group.
“Now we’re complete.”
“Well I guess you will be adding more to your number this day. Look, are you sure about this?”
“It’s your plan,” Milk pointed out.
“I know, but it’s not a good plan is it?”
“We’re used to that,” Julianna told him.
“Then why are you doing this?” Chase asked ignoring her.
“We’re losing out there and none of it makes sense, there doesn’t seem to be rhyme or reason to the Laikan WAR PLAN and the council seem to do nothing.”
“They don’t think this is worth it either,” Chase said.
“No. I don’t think they trust me,” Forster looked around the room. “I keep thinking they know something that I don’t. But they won’t tell me, nor do they seem to try and counter the A.R.S.E forces.”
Dr. Hendricks chuckled.
“Well, I believe in this plan, Sir,” Chase told him. “We’re no longer just a distraction, but a fleet to be taken seriously.”
“Then good luck to you all, may this WAR soon be over.”
***
The Wild Rover flew into space followed by the Salvation and headed to where the ships waited. They flew through the swarm of ships until they came out the other side, near the star-gate and there they stopped.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” Chase said over the comms. “You are all here for different reasons, but one thing unites us. An end to this WAR. 
“We may not agree with each other’s reasons for wanting the WAR to end, but like it or not, it is our common goal, the only thing that matters.
“So we fly into Laikan controlled space in the hopes of not only distracting them from their invasions, but to also cripple them as best we can. It’s going to be tough, it’s going to be bloody, but I believe we can come together to victory not only for ourselves, but for every man and woman who is suffering right now.
“My name is Chase Darkstaar, some of you know me, some of you may hate me, but if you choose to follow me, I will do my best to see you through. I and my crew, along with the Salvation, are known as Trimedian Search and Rescue. I ask you now to join us under the TSAR banner to form the United TSAR Battle Fleet. This is your time to leave, if you do not I will take it as assent to my leadership as Commodore.”
Not one ship moved.
“Well then, you will still get your commands through your leaders, though my orders supersede them if need be. Bombers and Missile ships are also at the command of the Salvation. 
“This is the time, we are the people. 
“We fly into war not for ourselves, but for everyone. We fly not only into war, but into History; and those of you that make it can stand proud knowing that your deeds this day changed everything. And those of you who don’t… 
“I’ll see you in Fiddler’s Green.”
***
And with that The Wild Rover turned to the star-gate and accelerated with a battle fleet in tow.
 

THE TEARS OF WAR

They appeared in Tegariff Major and began to fan out.
“OK people, stay out of range of Planetary Defence and watch that star-gate. If all goes to plan we’ll be having plenty of guests.”
“What of PDGs?” Terd asked.
“We’re going down to sort that now.”
“Incoming fighters,” Jimmy informed.
“Then let’s do this,” Chase grinned.
As soon as the first ships entered through the star-gate the alarms went off and Laikan fighters were scrambled. No one really thought about what was going on, training took over. No one had dared attack Laikan space since the end of the last war.
***
The Wild Rover flew straight through the first wave of fighters blasting as it went. The Shen Mi fighters were already out of their motherships and met the rest in aerial combat. The Durden Mothership started unloading its fighters, bombers and Missile ships and they headed to the next wave of Laikan fighters.
***
“This is insane,” barked the Commandant. “Are they attacking us?”
“It appears so,” a scanner operator said.
“Send out everything we have, man the Planet Defence Guns.”
“It might not be enough, Sir.”
“Where has the UTN got a battle fleet from?”
“It appears to be Durden Raiders, Sir. Wait, there are Space Pirates out there too and is that? I think there are Shen Mi out there too.”
“What? What are the Shen Mi doing attacking us? Who could…” his eyes widened. “Darkstaar.”
***
“OK, we have cruisers, destroyers and assorted ships coming our way,” Jimmy informed.
“Got any bombarders there, Terd?”
“No, never needed them.”
“This is Captain Hain of the Shen Mi, we have one.”
“Well, keep her well back and guarded, we’re going to clean up the PDGs, aren’t we Salvation?”
“We are?”
“Oh, yes, get a bomber squad together.”
“Is this the right time to have an open discussion about Darkstaar’s mental health?” Rob asked.
Milk barked a laugh from behind his attack screen. “How about his plans?”
“That’s Commodore Darkstaar to you brigands and you’re under my command.”
“Bombers forming up, got a couple of Missile ships in there for luck,” Rob said.
“Then let’s go a-hunting,” Chase grinned.
***
“Bring ships back,” screamed the Commandant. “Damn you, Darkstaar.”
“Which ships, Sir?”
“Any! Anywhere where we are winning, valkswagon, we need protection!”
***
Laika’s PDGs boomed into life and giant lasers shot into space as ships moved and twisted to dodge them, but they were generally keeping well out of range. There were dogfights between every class of ship as The Wild Rover and its bomber detachment sped into Laika’s atmosphere.
***
“They are in atmosphere, Sir.”
“What? They’re going for the PDGs! How dare they do this? How dare they attack us! Release LAAPs now!”
***
“Gonna soften it up for you, Salvation.”
“Roger that.”
“Then let’s start the run.”
The Wild Rover blasted across the countryside, forests and fields, rivers sparkling in the sun; the twin Merrill guns blasting away at anything at all.
“How d’you like that, huh?” Julianna shouted. “How does it feel?”
“FOBG, Milk.”
“On it.”
“I have both Merrill guns,” Julianna acknowledged as they approached the PDG compound.
“Incoming LAAPs,” Jimmy said.
“You getting LAAPs?” Dave asked.
“Focus on your run, we’ve got them.”
“I’ve got them,” Julianna said twisting the Merrills to blast at the oncoming LAAPs which ducked, dodged and weaved.
“We’re coming up,” warned Jimmy.
“Take them out, Juli,” Chase stressed.
“I’m trying,” another LAAP went down, but one burned past them.
“Get him, get him,” Dave said frantically and Julianna finally got it in her sights and blew it away.
Anti-fighters opened up from the ground and the formation weaved through it. They lost a Durden Bomber and then a Shen Mi.
“Valkswagon,” cursed Chase as Julianna and Milk laid down heavy fire. “Keep on course, here we go.”
The compound grew large and the anti-fighters denser. Chase pulled up and over the control building and along the massive gun barrels. Julianna pumped laser into the defences while Milk blasted the building and guns with the FOBG. Behind them the bombers were in a line and they followed The Wild Rover, sighting with their Bomb Laser Guidance and unleashing a torrent of bombs. Each ship covering the area the one before had missed and then they were pulling back up into the atmosphere. They lost another Shen Mi bomber before the Planet Defence Guns blew. The Missile ships then swooped in and fired missiles into any rent they could see.
***
“Planet Defence Guns down, Sir.”
“Valkswagon! How long before the next are in range?”
“Five hours, Sir.”
“We’ll be dead by then, where are the ships?”
“Should be coming through the star-gate now, Sir.”
***
“Pulling up,” Chase told them for no reason.
“Wait,” said Jimmy, “scanners be picking up de relays.”
“The whats?” Chase asked.
“Be a big dish dat sends communications to de fleet.”
“Going back down,” Chase said. “Good job, bombers, get back up there.”
As the bombers and Missile ships flew up The Wild Rover flew across the dense forests and the three massive dishes came into view. They sat above the tree line all pointing in the same direction.
“We can cut off their communications to the rest of their forces,” Dr. Hendricks said. “Plus that seems like a radar dish, they wouldn’t be able to find us.”
“What are you driving at, Doc?” Chase asked.
“Cut off the head, dear boy.”
“He’s right,” Julianna said. “If they can’t see us we can sneak in. Again. And finish it in one swoop.”
“OK, so get back into attack positions.”
“Won’t work,” Milk said. “Even the FOBG won’t breach the armour enough.”
“But the dishes will be the weak point,” Chase said.
“It might be enough, it might not be,” Dr. Hendricks said.
“And?”
“Well, we might be able to destroy them, but I would think that there will be more dishes around the planet. This one would be connected to the HQ though,” the good Dr. mused aloud.
“OK, so to be safe, we get inside.”
They were coming up on the compound, really just one building, but heavily guarded. Even as Julianna and Milk were getting back into attack positions, a missile screamed up into the air at them followed by two more.
“You know how much I love this?” Cherry asked acidly.
Chase dodged one then two and then three, just barely and now the Merrill guns were firing back. Chase dodged into range and then out as more missiles were fired. 
“Dey’re gonna secure de main door,” Jimmy warned and Milk flew the FOBG close to the large, closing slab of a door and fired inside. 
The door continued to slide closed and then stopped. And then started to open again and then stopped for good.
The Wild Rover pulled up again and Milk and Julianna targeted the missile batteries, blowing up one then two. Laikans were scattering as The Wild Rover began to hover lower and lower. Lasers fired, but were no match for the Vulcan class armour and more Laikans fell to it’s guns.
***
Up in space A.R.S.E ships were coming through the star-gate and TSAR forces were engaging.
“We won’t be able to hold them all off,” Terd said.
“We have to do our best, we have to buy some time,” Dave Heskin told him.
“Bombarder is ready, Sir,” Captain Hain said.
“OK, we’ll escort it into position, Raiders give us a destroyer for protection,” Dave said.
“On its way.”
“Then let’s clear the air, follow us,” Dave told them.
Shen Mi and Space Pirate fighters flew around the Bombarder as the Salvation took the lead, blasting with its FOBG. Laikan fighters flew in and the TSAR fighters peeled off to engage them.
“Don’t get too far from the bombarder,” Dave warned.
The Durden heavy destroyer carved through space firing its superheavycannon, blasting at a nearby Laikan cruiser. Explosions exploded and Missile ships swooped in to try and finish it off.
More ships poured through the star-gate and there were Shen Mi ships gathered around to blast them as soon as they emerged, but there were just too many.
***
The Wild Rover had landed and they had all jumped out blasting. Cherry had taken off immediately to go and land in a nice sheltered spot she had found. Out of harm’s way. She could do with some of that lovely Ankarian blood and a nap.
“Go, go, go,” Chase shouted as they ran toward the now broken armoured door.
They blasted as they ran into the wide tunnel and up to a holding bay filled with containers. Jimmy decided they were for electronics as he ducked behind one to fire upon the retreating Laikans. Mostly due to the labels that read ‘electronics’. There was one box that held a hopeful piece of rope.
“Now what?” shouted Julianna.
“Follow them, I guess,” Chase shouted back before he leant over a crate and shot across the holding bay.
Which is what they did. They charged across the room dodging between crates and crouched along a small crane until they reached a door at the back. Chase shot the two Laikans waiting there and Milk and Hendricks fired laser blindly down the corridor beyond.
They grouped either side of the door as more fire came back.
***
In space the fighting was intense, but the TSAR forces seemed, for now, to have the upper hand as the super-fast Shen Mi ships flitted around the others. The Heskins had learned a trick or two from Chase and were leading the bombers on wild runs backed up by space pirates who really wanted to board the larger ships. 
***
Now they were in a massive room of computers. Which they seem to find themselves in a lot. Noticed that? Anyway, Laikan technicians were cowering as soldiers fired and our intrepid heroes crouched behind over turned desks.
“Just blast the computers,” Chase shouted. “Anything that looks useful.”
“Cover me with de bombs,” Jimmy shouted back.
“Here, throw some to me,” Dr. Hendricks shouted from behind another desk.
Julianna and Milk opened fire on where they thought the soldiers were as Chase started blasting at a wall or whirring computery looking things.
Jimmy went left, Hendricks went right and crouched along planting explosions where they could. Julianna shot a soldier just before Hendricks reached him. Milk took down another two. Jimmy had to shoot another soldier he startled and Chase had to duck back down to narrowly avoid having a laser haircut.
Computers were exploding and now the wall of whirriness did the same.
“Pull out, pull out,” Chase shouted.
“Finally a half decent plan,” Milk shouted back as Hendricks and Jimmy came crouching back.
“Go, go,” Jimmy shouted.
Julianna and Chase laid down fire as the others ran out the door and then they too, with a last blast at the walls, ran out.
***
More ships came through the star-gate and they were becoming overwhelmed. The Bombarder continued to rain destruction on the planet, not taking the time to aim on anything, but it was now the prime target and the TSAR forces were struggling to protect it.
***
Running back along the wide entrance tunnel they got to the end to find Laikan soldiers outside and pulled up short.
“There is nowhere left to run, Darkstaar,” a Laikan shouted at them. “We have you surrounded.”
“Well, not really,” Chase shouted back, just out of sight. “I mean, you’re not behind us are you?”
“Well, no. Not really surrounded, I suppose, but there is no escape.”
“He’s got you there,” Milk said.
“Well, we’re not giving up without a fight,” Chase shouted.
“I hoped you would say that,” the Laikan shouted back.
“Well then we’ll come peacefully.”
“Oh, come on,” the Laikan pleaded.
“Take us to your leader,” Chase shouted walking into view.
“He doesn’t want to see you, I’m afraid,” the Laikan sneered and all guns focussed on Chase.
“Shame,” Chase shook his head.
And then The Wild Rover came screaming overhead. Even with stationary targets Cherry managed to hit next to nothing.
“She really is a bad shot,” Julianna said as she came out of cover and started blasting.
The Laikans were in disarray, not sure where to aim, and our gallant heroes had the chance to take them out.
***
“Pull back from the star-gate, it’s getting too hot,” Chase commanded as The Wild Rover blasted back into space.
“There be no escape,” Jimmy said.
“Do we want to escape?” Dr. Hendricks asked.
“Hold that thought, Doc,” Chase said. “We need to lure them away from the star-gate,” he said over the radio.
Space Pirate fighters flitted in between the larger ships, taking out other fighters, looking for a chance to board and loot. Now they swarmed around the star-gate before pulling away and pulling the ships out with them.
“Dat bombarder might as well have a target on it.”
“I know, I know, we’ve got to protect it.”
“It can’t just sit dere, we’re not gonna win dis thing.”
“Right, right,” Chase said stressed.
“That bombarder isn’t going to last,” Terd warned.
“Alright, alright, I get it,” Chase exclaimed at no one.
Space Pirate fighters surrounded the destroyer and took on enemy fighters whilst the bigger ships engaged in a slower dance of destruction.
The Wild Rover took a run across a Laikan destroyer trying to destroy its superheavycannon, with only little success. The bombers and Missile ships were taking turns going back to reload.
The Salvation swept over a cruiser unleashing its bombs across the engine area and thrusters. A swarm of Shen Mi ships hit the stranded vessel causing internal explosions. 
The Wild Rover was concentrated on another destroyer that had just blasted a Shen Mi cruiser. It swarmed with fighters, too many for just Julianna to destroy.
“I can’t do it,” she shouted. “Pull out.”
“We’re not going to make it,” Chase shouted to the cockpit.
And then a Durden fighter flew in blowing up numerous fighters and saving The Wild Rover’s arse.
“Whoever you are, thank you,” Chase said as he pulled up.
“An eye for an eye?” Trillo asked.
“Trillo, you old dog,” Chase beamed. 
“Get back in there and finish it off, I’ve got you covered.”
The Wild Rover dived back in and Milk once again hit the destroyer with the FOBG. Trillo, behind them, took out fighters that Julianna couldn’t and eventually the Cruiser started to explode.
“We can’t protect the bombarder much longer,” someone said.
“Pull out. Valkswagon, everyone protect the larger ships and pull out. Hit the star-gate.”
The bombarder let off a final massive blast into the surface of Laika and then started to turn.
The Wild Rover, followed by Trillo and the Salvation, sped through the masses towards the star-gate blasting everything it could to give a clear run. The Durden Mothership was already hanging close to the star-gate gathering its flock. But the Laikans, sensing victory were giving it hell. The Wild Rover flew over the top blasting away and then the larger ships pulled back to cover Laika.
“This is our chance, get out while you still can,” Chase said. “Pull them after you.”
“Now we’re not diverting them?” Rob asked.
“Nope, now we need them gone.”
“You’re scheming,” Rob said.
“We are. Now be gone and do some good out there.”
“Good luck.”
The Salvation pulled away and took the lead to the star-gate, calling the others to them. The pilots didn’t need to be told twice and ships sped through space and into the star-gate as the Laikan ships pulled back to protect Laika.
The Wild Rover pulled away to a distance, hoping no one saw them. The last of the TSAR fleet made it through the star-gate and the Laikan fleet hung there as if not sure what to do.
Then it too began to move to the star-gate, hearing nothing from HQ, going back to WAR.
***
“Let them go, let them go,” commanded the Commandant having no communications. “No doubt the Vice-Commandant has ordered them. They still have galaxies to destroy.”
***
“Do we want to escape?” Dr. Hendricks asked again.
“What do you mean, Doc?” Jimmy asked.
“I mean I’m tired of WAR and here we are back in Tegariff Major. Back close to the Laikan Headquarters. Can’t we finish this?”
TSAR ships were rushing to the star-gate as the Laikans poured fire and held back and Chase took the chance to pull away.
“Destroy the HQ?” Chase asked.
“Kill the Commandant,” Hendricks said.
“What do you think?” Chase asked.
“Sounds like the Doc has spent too much time in your company,” Milk said as his battle screen slid up.
“Cut off the head?” Chase asked.
“As long as it’s not an Ankarian,” Julianna said.
“Any dissent?” Chase asked and there was a heavy silence. “OK.”
“You’re turning to Laika,” Trillo said.
“What’re you still doing here?”
“Following you.”
“OK, we could use an extra set of hands. Paws.”
“This isn’t a plan,” Julianna said.
“When has it ever been?’ Milk asked.
“Shabbus.”
“This is our chance, get out while you still can,” Chase said into the radio. “Pull them after you.”
“Now we’re not diverting them?” Rob asked.
“Nope, now we need them gone.”
“You’re scheming,” Rob said.
“We are. Now be gone and do some good out there.”
“Good luck.”
***
The Wild Rover with Trillo in tow, powered through the atmosphere right on top of Laikan HQ. “Those windows are too strong for my guns,” Cherry informed them.
Julianna blasted ground troops and they came to land on the open area between the hanger and the main building. They ran from their ship to the emergency exit and into the computer room. Trillo met them there and Cherry, not a happy bunny, set the automatic anti-personnel guns that Jimmy had fitted.
“We need to set the bombs down here,” Chase said once they were into the computer room. “Blow these computers to smithereens.”
“I’ll do it,” Dr. Hendricks ventured.
“I’ll stay with the Doc,” Milk volunteered.
“OK, the rest of us need to get up to the Commandant as quickly as possible, make sure it’s done.”
“I can override the lifts,” Trillo said.
“OK, we go up and take down the Commandant, once you’re done here get back to the ship.”
And with that Chase, Jimmy, Julianna and Trillo ran for the door.
The four of them stood in the lift listening to the muzak. They got nearly half way before the lift stopped and the doors opened.
“They’ve overridden my override,” Trillo growled.
“Well can you override their override of your override?” Chase asked.
“Maybe.”
“We’re taking the stairs then,” they all got out. “No, Trillo stay in the lift, try to override it.”
“What if I can’t?”
“Just stay, we can’t risk the Commandant calling the lift to escape.”
***
“I’m done,” Hendricks called.
“Nearly there,” Milk returned.
Dr. Hendricks went over to the computer.
HELLO AGAIN. YOU MUST REALLY LIKE IT DOWN HERE.
COMPUTER, CAN YOU PATCH ME INTO THE COMMS?
OF COURSE I CAN.
WELL PLEASE DO IT THEN
HERE WE ARE. I HOPE YOU ARE HAVING A GOOD DAY, IT’S RATHER LONELY DOWN HERE. HELLO? HELLO? 
The computer sighed to itself.
Dr. Hendricks was already listening into Laikan radio traffic.
“Valkswagon, they’ve got us tracked,” he shouted to Milk.
“I thought we…”
“They must have their own scanning network for the building, plus we did land outside…”
“So what about the others?”
“They must know they’re here.”
Milk tried his radio, but got nothing but static.
“Nothing! We’ve got to move, Doc.”
***
“Anything?” Chase asked.
“Still be static,” Jimmy replied.
“Then they know we’re here,” Chase sighed.
“Well, we were under no illusion that this was a good plan,” Julianna comforted as they ran along a corridor.
“They never are, are they?” Chase asked dejectedly.
“Dis not be de time for you to start doubting yourself, mon.”
“But it’s all crap, isn’t it? The Crap Plan Gang back in Laikan HQ. Didn’t end well last time either.”
Julianna slapped him. “Pull yourself together, we have a mission to complete.”
“Right, right,” he shook his head before peering around a corner. “Laikans ahead.”
***
“We need to get to the control room,” Dr. Hendricks shouted to Milk as they ran.
“Why?”
“To control the doors, to destroy the communications.”
***
The rest of TSAR were running up the stairs only to be greeted by Laikan troops. The three of them dived into a corridor as the Laikans opened fire.
“Dis way,” Jimmy shouted and they ran on. More Laikans around a corner and Chase blasted them.  
They ducked into a room as Laikans came up behind them and used desks for cover. The Laikans tried to get into the room, but were blasted as they did. A lot of desk sin one room can only mean there is going to be a firefight and you’ll need something to hide behind. Remember that the next time you’re at the office.
***
Milk and Hendricks were similarly blasting at Laikans who were thankfully more concerned with stopping Chase, Jimmy and Julianna reaching the Commandant. It meant that they took a number by surprise and stopped them coming up behind the rest of TSAR.
Then they were off of the stairs and into a network of corridors.
***
Chase, Jimmy and Julianna had managed to get out of another door, but were now on the wrong side for the stairs. 
“Dis way and dat way,” Jimmy shouted and they ran to another corner and covered, shooting Laikans running their way.
“We’re getting bogged down,” Julianna shouted.
“I know, I know,” Chase retorted.
***
Milk and the Doc were slowly fighting their way forward through a network of rooms. Most of the Laikans here were unarmed technicians who fled once Milk waved his machinegun at them. It was a reminder to both of them that not all Laikans were soldiers, not all of them wanted conquest and violence; some were just as much caught up in it as Milk and Hendricks were.
Troops however were coming in from the far door and they were back hiding behind desks. Again. Laikans apparently make laser-proof desks. Good for them, I say.
***
Our other three heroes were running through another corridor, but most of the doors were locked.
“That door there,” Julianna shouted, but it slid shut as she reached it. “Shabbus, it’s locked.”
“Then keep going,” Chase shouted as he fired at the oncoming Laikans.
“De doors be closing,” Jimmy shouted.
“Shabbus, are they doing this?” Chase shouted back. 
They were going to be hoarse if they ever got out of this mess.
***
Milk and Hendricks jumped over the Laikan bodies and continued.
“When will this destruction end?” the Doc asked.
“When we kill the Commandant.”
“Killing to stop killing, war to stop war, our enemies are soldiers whose only crime was their job.”
“I know, Doc, I know, but what can we do? Hide out in deep space and hope the Universe is a better place when it’s over?”
“No,” he shot another soldier, “but to do this, to be these people, I don’t know if my future can ever be better.”
Milk stopped and looked at him.
“What is it, Doc?”
“The death, the destruction, all those innocents suffering and is it really the Laikans fault? Isn’t it also partly the UTN’s? Isn’t it merely chance which side we fight for?
“You and Jimmy have found new life in this adventure, a wife and a daughter. Chase has found himself. What have I found? That I am a bringer of death?”
“We need,” Milk shot an oncoming soldier, “to talk about this later, Doc. We need time to reflect and heal,” he shot another Laikan. “But this isn’t the time or place, my friend.”
“You are right, of course, we have friends to save.”
***
They were running down another corridor, towards the stairs once again. Laikans were chasing them and they hoped there weren’t any on the stairs. Each took turns to turn back and shoot, but there were too many flocking out of rooms.
***
Milk and Hendricks hit the comms room.
“Down,” shouted Milk and the operators ducked. Soldiers ran down the corridor behind them and Hendricks ducked out and blasted at them.
“What do we do?” Milk asked.
“Find a way to open comms.”
Milk looked around at all the computers on desks and along walls and then opened fire on a console. Laikan operators cried out in terror and tried to get closer to the ground.
Milk stopped and Hendricks joined them.
Milk shrugged. “It had jammer written over the monitor.”
“That’s one way, I guess,” the Doc shrugged and grabbed a mic. “Chase, can you hear us?”
“Welcome back to the party.”
“Where are you?”
“Who knows? We think we’re nearing the stairs, but the doors keep closing on us, Doc.”
“Valkswagon, they’re corralling them, Milk.”
“What do we do?”
“I’m going to try and find them on the scanners. We’ve got to find a way to open those doors.”
***
Laikans were still pouring down corridors from all directions as Chase, Julianna and Jimmy fled through the few doors that were open to them.
“They’re controlling the doors, they’re trapping us,” Julianna panted as they went through another room.
“What choice do we have?” Chase shot back angrily.
Jimmy laid down fire as the other two exited cautiously.
“I’m sorry, Julianna,” Chase said.
“Shut up, mon, dis ain’t yo’ fault,” Jimmy replied.
“He’s right,” she said quietly.
“Valkswagon,” Chase cursed.
***
Milk and Hendricks looked at the room.
“What do we do?” Milk asked.
“We need to create a private channel to the others,” Hendricks told him. “And I think the Laikans are controlling the doors, we need to override that.”
“What do I do?”
“Get on that computer there and work on the doors, I’ll find a map and open a comms. channel. Then help you.”
“You got it, Doc.”
They went to work.
***
The others were blasting around a corner at Laikans, but they could hear more coming from behind. And then a door slid open.
“Really?” shouted Julianna over the gunfire.
“That or dying here and now,” Chase shouted back.
“Oh, the choices,” she replied and they dived through the door into another corridor.
***
Hendricks and Milk worked quickly.
“Ahh, think I have it,” Hendricks piped up. “How are you doing?”
“Not well, there’s a lot of code here,” Milk replied not looking away from the screen.
“Be there in a jiffy. Chase can you read me?”
“I do, Doc.”
“The Laikans can’t hear us.”
“Great then get these doors open.”
“We’re working on it.”
“Then work faster. We’re trapped; they got us pinned down, all doors are locked.”
“Milk?”
“I heard it, I heard it, nearly there.”
***
The three of them had nowhere left to run, nowhere to hide. All they could do was blast the Laikans trying to come through the door. At their backs was a locked door. The room was bare.
“The perfect trap,” Chase said bitterly as he shot at the open door.
“Nowhere to go, clips are low,” Jimmy agreed.
“What? No natural flair and ability?” Julianna sparked.
Chase shook his head sadly.
“Not this time.”
“Doc?” Julianna asked into the radio.
***
“Nearly there, nearly there,” Milk said with knitted brows and sweat. “This should do it.”
Hendricks turned from the console to help his friend only to see a Laikan in the door, bloodied, but alive. It raised it’s gun at Milk.
It all happened too fast in slow motion, the pistol aimed at Milk’s back and fired. Hendricks saw the laser erupt from the pistol and sing through the air. Milk didn’t know, was too intent on saving his friends.
He leapt, pulling his pistol and firing at the Laikan, who crumpled, and landed with a thud.
***
“There!” Milk shouted triumphantly. “You’re clear!”
Behind them the door slid open.
“You beauty,” Chase shouted and they ran through the door which slid closed behind them.
***
Milk worked frantically trying to override whoever was controlling the doors. Someone was still closing them and he was desperately trying to get others open for his friends. His eyes flicking from his screen to another that held a map with their whereabouts.
***
Chase, Julianna and Jimmy had found the stairs again.
“Stop,” Julianna commanded and they did.
“What?” Chase demanded.
“Dese be de stairs,” Jimmy merely manded.
“All around doors have been closing and locking and still we’re at the stairs? It has to be a trap.”
“Milk opened de door,” Jimmy said, but she shook her head. 
“There’s no other option, Juli,” Chase said.
“They’ve got us, Chase,” she replied.
They looked around the corner to see Laikans up and down the stairs. Laikans behind them and a small landing for the lift in front.
They were trapped.
They waved their weapons up, down and along the corridor from whence they had come. It was useless, there were just too many of them. They had failed.
And then the lift pinged.
Trillo leapt out firing downstairs with his pistol, upstairs with his machine gun. When the smoke cleared he was the only Laikan standing. Chase and Jimmy sent laser fire back down the corridor.
Chase laughed and looked at Julianna.
“Not yet,” he said.
“What now?” Trillo barked.
“You saved us,” Chase exclaimed.
“Yes, yes, I told you I was all in.”
***
“No,” screamed Milk and dropped to his knees, cradling Dr. Hendricks.
“Milk,” the Doc smiled.
“You’re gonna be alright, Doc.”
“No. No, I’m not. May I have my pipe?”
Milk searched through his pockets seeing now the gaping wound in Hendricks chest. He found the pipe and tobacco and lit it before putting it in Hendricks mouth.
The Doc smiled around it.
“No more death and destruction for me, a time to reflect and heal. Someone else will have to finish my book.”
“No, Doc, come on,” Milk said through great tears.
“Ahh, I don’t care about the book. Never did.”
“But it’s important work,” Milk choked.
“It’ OK, Milk, my friend, I had nothing but a dusty office until you all walked in. You gave me life and meaning once more. I die saving that which is most precious to me. Friendship.”
“No, please, Doc, you can’t go, I need you; we all need you, who else is going to be chipper in the face of danger?”
“I’ll miss you, Milk,” he reached up painfully and removed his pipe. He put it back into Milk’s hand. “Tell me old shipmates, I’m taking a trip,” he smiled his wolfish smile. “And I’ll see you all, someday, on Fiddler’s Green,”
“You can’t go, you’re my friend, I don’t have many,” Milk sobbed.
“How many people can say they have a true friend? You’re my friend and I yours, forever. I’ll miss adventures in space with you.”
And Dr. Hendricks, famed Archaeologist, fighter pilot, husband and friend died.
***
“They’re not tracking us anymore, Trillo, give us two minutes and then take the lift up. Hopefully they will believe it’s all of us.”
“I better not die listening to muzak, Darkstaar,” Trillo growled, but grinned.
“Let’s go.”
***
The lift pinged and the doors opened to armed guards.
“Well, well, Trillo,” the Commandant said. “Hello and goodbye.”
But then the guards fell to laser blasts as Chase, Jimmy and Julianna emerged from the stairs.
“It’s over Commandant,” Chase said.
“Don’t be ridiculous. You think killing me will stop this WAR? Everyone knows what to do; my second in command is already in space in the Mobile Command Unit.”
“Without your leadership, no one will know what to do,” Chase said and the Commandant laughed.
“Me? Me? Has no one told you? I’m not in charge, I never was.”
“What do you mean?”
“Oh, precious, the Great Council never trusted you. For all your adventures in space, you are still just a pawn.”
“What are you talking about?” Julianna asked waving her pistol at him.”
“Kill me then, you won’t get anything from me. They are coming, nearly here even as we speak and I will go down in the history books as the one who helped make it happen, who raised the Laikans up to their rightful place.”
“Tell me,” Chase growled. “Who’s coming?”
Suddenly the door smashed open and a berserk Milk charged in.
“Milk, no,” shouted Chase, but it was too late.
Milk charged across the room and grabbed the Commandant. He lifted him over his head and roared. The Commandant went limp and Chase thought he saw a smile on his wolfen face. And then Milk strode to the window and crashed the Commandant through the unbreakable glass. 
“Milk,” shouted Julianna and he turned to her. He turned to them all and sagged.
“The Doc, the Doc,” he breathed. “Dead.”
***
They sat in the cockpit of The Wild Rover and flew through Tegariff Major. Dr. Hendricks body was laid in status for burial. For a while no one spoke. 
“Bait,” said Jimmy quietly.
“What?” Chase asked.
“You told me to remember ‘bait’.”
“And?”
“I dunno. I researched like you asked me. About the Laikan WAR PLANS and Earth. You know what you said about those people who stole the Lost Technology? They escaped beyond Earth; that was about everything I could find beyond the importance of spas. Does it even matter anymore?”
“Bait,” Chase said. “Distraction. Valkswagon!”
“What? What is it?”
“A distraction, it’s all a distraction. He said that others were coming, others in charge. Evangeline showed us the map of the Universe. They’re coming from beyond Earth, the whole war has been a distraction. Valkswagon.”
“Are you sure?” Julianna asked.
“No, not at all, we need to get to HQ and get us some answers.”
“This is not the time,” Milk decried. “We need to bury the Doc, we need to mourn.”
“No, Milk, I won’t cry tears of mourning yet. We need answers.”
“What will answers help?” Milk begged. “What can we do anymore, it’s over.”
“With answers?” Chase asked. “With answers I’m going to do what I should have done in the beginning. I’m going to war.”
“This isn’t you,” Julianna pleaded.
“It is now. They took the Doc.”
“I’m with you,” Trillo said from the back of the cockpit.
“You’ll never survive without me,” Milk sighed.
Jimmy looked at his friend, he had a wife now, but he couldn’t go back to her now. There was no peaceful life for them until this was over.
“To war then,” he said.
“I’ll never leave you, you know that,” Julianna said.
Chase smiled a sad smile at her words, but it twisted into a wicked grin.
So be it.
They wanted WAR? Well now they’d have it. He looked back at his crew and quoted the good Doctor:
“Will you weep for me when I am gone?
Will you weep for the loss of knowledge?
The loss of reason, for the hate of hearts?
Do not weep for me, for I am lost.
Do not weep tears of sorrow, for I do not.
I weep
Yes, I weep
Not tears of sorrow or joy
I weep
Yes, I weep
I weep
The tears of war.”

 
EPILOGUE

Well, wow. That was a lot darker. I mean the innocents in the subway, the cost of war? The Laikans in prisoner of war camps? The death of Dr. Hendricks. Man, I can’t believe that happened, how can he die? He’s one of my favourites. And Chubbs too, only just rejoining with his family as he died. Man, what a crappy way to start a book.
Still, there have been good things too, right? The marriage of Jimmy Jazz, finding Milk’s daughter, a blossoming romance. The return of Terd Ferguson and his crew, the joining of Trillo to TSAR.
But what of Chase and Evangeline? Or Chase and Julianna, are there feelings there?
And what of these ‘others’ that the Commandant spoke of? Is it true that the whole war has been a diversion? That there are others in charge that we have yet to meet? And what does it mean to the Universe that Chase Darkstaar, now a Commodore of his own battle fleet, is going to WAR?
Find out the answers to these questions and more in the final part of 


Part 3: Strangers can be downloaded HERE   
 



WELCOME TO THE LIBRARY OF THE UNIVERSES

WHAT IS THE LIBRARY?
The Library was built at the centre of the Multiverse and contains histories, biographies, treaties and stories from all the Universes. Particularly those involving the likes of the Righteous, the King Imminent and those that play their parts in this wider story such as the Ten Kingdoms and the Five Worlds.
Read the book sand you will find clues and truths of this greater story within them. But beware that you don’t’ gain too much knowledge as knowledge is power and power gets you noticed by dark and terrible beings.

THE BOOKS
Each book is written to be read as a single story (or series), but there are overlaps so that the more books you read the more information you build of other stories.
Not only that, but they gradually build a bigger picture, a meta-narrative, a greater tale of good vs evil.
Find them here:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DangerousWalker

FACEBOOK
Join the fun at: 
www.facebook.com/dangerous.w
or get news, updates and message the author at:
https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Walkerverse/220839738099078

THE VIDEOS
“Extracts with Dangerous” is a series of (comedic) videos where the author reads extracts from his books as well as poems, songs and how to tie a bowtie.
Have a watch here:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5_wfTGLScjma4IxmF9nB0A

TWITTER
Literally everything above goes up on the twitterfeed:
https://twitter.com/DangerousWalke1

