
BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >



Blackfella Bloodsucka

Written by Dr D. Bruno Starrs and published via Smashwords.
Copyright D. Bruno Starrs 2012. ISBN: 9781301048984.


Smashwords Edition License Notes.
This E-book, entitled Blackfella Bloodsucka, was written by Dr D. Bruno Starrs, published via Smashwords and is licensed for the individual buyer’s use and enjoyment only. All illustrations are by the author and he retains copyright over those as well. Although it is not protected by Digital Rights Management, it may not be resold to or copied for any other person/s in any form, electronic or hard copy, whatsoever. Please!
It is easy enough to steal, but if you’d like someone else to also enjoy Blackfella Bloodsucka then the author beseeches you: purchase an additional electronic copy for each recipient (maximum price: US $0.99) - or at least recommend to your friends that they download the free sample!
If you’re reading this E-book and did not purchase it, then kindly, as a matter of conscience - if nothing else - take yourself to www [dot] smashwords [dot] com [forward slash] books [forward slash] view [forward slash] 243548 and buy your own copy, because, after all, it only costs one measly buck, and then no-one can say you are that lowliest of all human scum: An Intellectual Property Internet Pirate!
And if you do buy one of Dr Starrs’ publications, then post or otherwise publish a review and earn a free purchase of your choice of one his many other books (email Dr Starrs [with evidence of the review] for the relevant coupon code at db [dot] starrs [at] gmail [dot] com
So, here’s to thanking you in advance for respecting the long, hard work of a self-publishing author. See more of Dr Starrs’ creative writing (and read free samples of his work) at www [dot] smashwords [dot] com [forward slash] profile [forward slash] view [forward slash] BrunoStarrs. And while you’re online, why not pay a visit to the author’s latest novel’s page at www [dot] facebook [dot] com [forward slash] BollywoodExtras - Things will get pretty interesting there in the forums - possibly even controversial - once the Hindi version of Bollywood Extras comes out in India!

TABLE OF CONTENTS.
PROLOGUE.
CHAPTER 1.
CHAPTER 2.
CHAPTER 3.
CHAPTER 4.
CHAPTER 5.
CHAPTER 6.
CHAPTER 7.
CHAPTER 8.
CHAPTER 9.
CHAPTER 10.
CHAPTER 11.
CHAPTER 12.
CHAPTER 13.
CHAPTER 14.
CHAPTER 15.
CHAPTER 16.
CHAPTER 17.
CHAPTER 18.
CHAPTER 19.
CHAPTER 20.
CHAPTER 21.
CHAPTER 22.
CHAPTER 23.
CHAPTER 24.
CHAPTER 25.
CHAPTER 26.
CHAPTER 27.
CHAPTER 28.
CHAPTER 29.
CHAPTER 30.
CHAPTER 31.
CHAPTER 32.
CHAPTER 33.
CHAPTER 34.
CHAPTER 35.
CHAPTER 36.
CHAPTER 37.
CHAPTER 38.
CHAPTER 39.
CHAPTER 40.
CHAPTER 41.
CHAPTER 42.
CHAPTER 43.
CHAPTER 44.
EPILOGUE.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR.
OTHER NOVELS BY THE AUTHOR.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >


PROLOGUE: THE GODS HAVE TEETH.



“Wrong colour for ink. Their lives weren’t worth staining pages for.” - Jennifer Martiniello, “Unboxed”, in Writing Us Mob: New Indigenous Voices, Canberra: Abreaction, 1996: 84.

Yea and verily, Good Reader of these blood-tainted, sweat-soiled and unpleasantly stained pages, please be warned! For ye shall soon be entering a strange, perplexing nether-world: a rare nexus between the contemporary existence of the Aboriginal Australian and the squalid world of The Undead.
And know ye too, that the broad, sun-abraded continent from which this tale takes its geography, is vastly different to the traditionally superstitious realm of tiny … Transylvania. Ah ha! Didst ye not involuntarily gasp upon reading the name of that evil-racked, war-torn country? Yea, and didst not that same name produce (as it nearly always does), an immediate intellectual association in ye poor, suffering cerebellum with the reddest of blood so horribly and unnaturally spilt?
Relax ye, Good Reader, please do not overly fret, for such vexation is a common response and that is as it should be. But know ye too that this vast nation is now (as compared to that sorrow-drenched European home of the despicable, bloodsucking Vampire), a wonderfully lucky country: blissfully free, it would at first appear, from primordial curses and fates inescapable.
Indeed, this bright, promising land has - in what the majority of ye would call the 21st Century of Christendom - a standard of living the envy of many other countries, even with their considerably older histories of human occupation. For those misguided ‘civilised’ peoples are to be remembered best for their fervently murderous attempts at appeasing we vengefully petty old bastards who are known to ye humans as … The Gods.
That’s me and my celestial companions, in case ye are slow in the uptake.
Know ye too, that due to its isolation, the nation of Australia is still just an innocent and mewling babe in arms, as nations go. Unless, of course, one considers the experience of the first inhabitants. For the Land Down Under has been the home of the Indigenous Aborigine for somewhere between 40,000 and 60,000 years, according to the learned archaeologists and their carbon dating methodologies, that is, and they are the most ancient of all surviving cultures.
Unhindered by writing skills or the inconsistent rules of English grammar, the tribal Elders pass on their accumulated knowledge diligently, through song-lines and traditional melodic verse, as they have done for millennia, and the Aboriginal children are well-taught and respectful.
Yet none of the Aboriginal seers had ever imagined the stories of the Virgin Mary who gave birth to a saviour - with the now famous name of Jesus - a man who performed miracles and came back from the dead. Nor had they imagined the much sadder stories their children would one day learn of the White Man infatuated with notions of ethnic superiority, who perfected his plans to profit from the First Nations of Australia under the fraud of Terra nullius. Nor had they imagined the ignoble trade in slavery that made the subjugation of dark-skinned people so very lucrative for those pale-skinned merchants without a conscience to trouble them (but with a gun beneath their pillow during sleep).
These inequities were completely unknown to the Aboriginal Australian storytellers, and in their case, one might argue, this pre-invasion epoch of ignorance was bliss.
But so very cheerless as it is to tell, in the 19th and 20th Century their descendents were fated to lives of despair and sorrow. All too soon they were to learn the horror-filled stories of the European man’s exploitation of the coloured man, once the white-skinned Captain Cook’s sea-going vessel named The Endeavour suddenly appeared (with its portentously white sails catching the sky like the canvas wings of an offshore flying monster) in the natural harbour that the English would impertinently name ‘Botany Bay’ and then, finally, label with the demeaning tag of ‘Sydney’.
James Cook landed and he arrogantly claimed the entire continent for his distant sovereign so they could begin setting up the jails for her hordes of transported convicts. ‘First Contact’, the university-educated anthropologists now call that momentous event, as if Australian history only began at that fateful first Whitefella footfall. It was to prove to be a gut churning lurch of history, one that would propel Aboriginal Australian humanity into pages no-one had before contemplated. Meanwhile, we gods continued to indulge in our celestial rumbles and punch-ups, with ye mere mortals at our feet serving as lowly pawns, simple playthings, like little wind-up toys we had created for our occasional amusement.
Yea and verily, Good Reader, know ye that the European invasion of the late 18th Century quickly changed all the Australian Indigene’s notions of the world as the population of invading Europeans swelled dreadfully, like a pus-filled boil, into a full-blown armed attempt at genocide. A sustained and lethal force was unleashed, a governmentally approved National Policy designed to heartlessly eradicate the inconvenient truth of Aboriginal Sovereignty.
Subjected to a pseudo-official agenda of extermination (not to mention the non-intentional biological agents of tuberculosis, influenza, smallpox, syphilis and alcohol), it wasn’t long before the original inhabitants of this unforgiving terrain learnt of the perils, paradoxes and hypocritical pratfalls of Christianity.
The White Man was intent on forcing the ‘truths’ of European religion down their black throats and into their innocent psyches and so the different tribes of Aborigines then each responded by insolently giving the White Man with his lethal barking sticks a label: Balanda is perhaps the most common today, although many other names have since disappeared from use as they too, the speakers of their own distinct languages, disappeared from Country.
Know ye, Good Reader, that those targeted in these massacres were not just the proud Aboriginal warrior men, who nobly leant their braces of spears against the immobile gum trees in cautious displays of wary truce, only to then be cowardly mown down by the European invader’s musket and sword. Not only these Aboriginal barefoot soldiers were slaughtered, but the Lubras and Piccaninnies, too: all were regarded by the cold, murdering colonisers as feral pests, nothing more than noxious, annoying vermin to be brutally eradicated.
The Whitefellas preyed on the Blackfellas of this land ruthlessly. All Aboriginal Australians were treated with an officially dispensed administration of careless, casual pogrom, for the Aboriginal people were considered by only a precious few to be human. Not until the government’s referendum of 1967 were they considered to even be of equivalent biology to white people, and, unlike the nation’s sheep, until this time the Aboriginal Australian wasn’t included in the national census. It would still be years from this date, however, before the last Aboriginal child was stolen from its mother’s arms in the hate-filled, racist name of assimilation.
Naturally, the untamed and resentful Blackfellas struggled with Christianity’s illogic, its self-serving duplicity and its outdated misogyny. But regardless of the original inhabitant’s allegedly pagan, non-Christian history, the Terra firma named New Holland on the first maps and then re-named Terra nullius when it came to staking out ownership of farms and townships, was the ancestral home to these First Australian people who have always intuitively known that this island continent hosts numerous denizens of the Underworld.
These evil entities are hiding there, dry and dust-like in its mulga plains; unseen in the cold recesses of its limestone cliffs and granite boulders; sequestered in the bubbling, seething brown scum that floats upon the calm surfaces of its billabongs; and nestled safely where the water is molecular and warm amongst the roots of its tidal mangrove swamps. All these Australian landscapes - and many others, too - contain at least some vaguely tenable memory of long past and distant inequity, and it is waiting, waiting, waiting, like a dormant, genderless virus.
Waiting for the opportunity for its evil to be expressed as if a chemical equation: base elements metastatically changing into dangerous states, unstable compounds catalysing into paranormal activity. For there is malevolence in this sad, weeping world that knows no cartographer’s borders, no politician’s gerrymandering, no carbon-dater’s research figures. This evil has many names and this evil cunningly knows that its devotees are best cultivated from a distance.
Thus, Good Reader, it must be known, that even for an olive-skinned, part-Aboriginal child lovingly brought up as a good Catholic Australian, there was never any guarantee against that promising lad encountering - and eventually becoming himself - the most irrevocable and pitiful incarnation of malice, for the suffering of his forebears is a sub-conscious knowledge within his psyche, and the conflict between it and his outwardly civilised, White Man ways must eventually erupt, like the lancing of a suppurating carbuncle.
Lo and verily, Good Reader, whilst growing up as an impressionable youngster that troubled part-Aboriginal boy might read the Holy Bible studiously and go to Sunday Mass dutifully at the local country church in the outback of Queensland, where, with well-rehearsed guile, he lisps through missing front teeth a tactfully abridged confession re his schoolyard crimes to the bored, local priesthood.
The cloistered White Man would retire later that evening, guiltily masturbate in the non-seeing silence of his lonely quarters (trying not to think of little boys), imbibe a little too much Chateau Tanunda, and wonder if his life was being well-lived, ministering as he did to the Aboriginal fringe-dwellers that he deluded himself into thinking were as obedient as a flock of pure white Merino sheep.
Lo and verily, Good Reader, whilst growing up into a teenager that callow part-Aboriginal youth might pray to a selection of we gods come annual exam time, anxious to win that scholarship and get out of that small outback town and into the big smoke of Anywhere.
Lo and verily, Good Reader, whilst seeking guts, glory and girls that fully-grown part-Aboriginal adult might bless himself with the sign of the cross and mumble a quiet entreaty to the Virgin Mary before running out onto the paddock for the desperately important footy finals. For out on the sporting field waits magnificence, and the local newspaper photo-journalists capture him, up there like Cazaly, flying, taking the mark.
And, perhaps, Good Reader, if that part-Aboriginal adult graduates and marries and eventually becomes the doting father at the head of a table of laughing children and gurgling grandchildren, then lo, that boy slash man might say a heartfelt grace for the bounty of good tucker and good family. And despite the lower life expectancy of most Aboriginal Australians in this Lucky Country, this was a dream many black and nearly black boys aspired to, even if the bottle waylaid their plans half the time.
Certainly, there are hardly any well-meaning Catholic Aboriginal boys who make it to that last contented stage of life. There are so many delectable temptations for the too weak flesh along the way. Associated with these enticements are powerful chthonic, super-natural forces against which eternal vigilance must be maintained if one hopes to earn the salvation of the eternal soul. For many Australian Catholic boys, Aboriginal or otherwise, the Anti-Christ was, is, and always will be the ultimately malignant temptress - a wily, sex-charged femme fatale - but we gods know all that, and we can forgive all of that, too.
For what matters most is whether that boy willingly permits the Angel Satan (in whatever guise that child understands him) to take his soul when he finally dies or whether he seeks the love, forgiveness and the grace of his Messiah (in whatever guise that child understands him) - even in the very hour he knows his demise is imminent. As the white-whiskered Elders of the tribe will tell him, in that final moment of compunction, a lifetime of fuck-ups can be absolved.
“For all of us mortal humans …,” the middle-aged, part-Aboriginal boy slash man named Sterling de Bortoli intoned to himself as he aimed the syringe loaded with the anabolic steroid Sustanon 250 at his bare muscular backside in the after hours campus toilet (his makeshift altar, if ye will, to the corporal functions of bodybuilding, a sport in which contestants strive for the hardest physique and, ironically, the darkest skin colour possible).
He continued his homily with a truism; “For all of us, life is fleeting. A random number of too-short days wrestled from eternity.”
As it is with most of those bound by soul and intellect to the Catholic Church, his was an existence obsessed with the body. The Crucifix and its proud display of Jesus’ broken carcass, the trans-substantiation of the host, and the morbid guilt of sexuality, these were some of the fixations that preoccupied the troubled mind of de Bortoli.
He offered up his miseries to his unique version of God and crooned softly: “For every single mortal one of us, the sinister Goddess of Death looms unfailingly, and one must always be concerned with whatever sins one has committed - and the repercussions such acts might have - come the dark, dark day of Judgement.”
De Bortoli paused. He genuflected. He thought, as usual, a little more than was necessary for an urban misfit such as he, one who was living a near-subterranean and necessarily secret existence on the University of Melbourne grounds where he was enrolled for a seemingly impossible doctorate.
“And, of course, what matters is whether, at that final lonely moment, any real remorse is felt,” he declaimed confidently to his audience of what he incorrectly assumed was none. De Bortoli often spoke out loud when weighing up matters of religion, as if practising a quasi-legal defence for his mortal misdemeanours at his imaginative conception of Heaven’s reception desk.
“Indeed,” he continued, “The Catholic faith excuses ... Yes, it actually condones … the most egregious, the most heinous of sins. For as long as one repents - even as late as on one’s deathbed - one can know that our most gracious God will cut the repenting sinner some Heavenly Slack. Thus we Catholic boys who are becoming Catholic men are capable of the most unspeakable acts of iniquity, aware as we are of this generous loophole.”
Know ye, Good Reader, that the boy slash man convincing himself of this story is a former Catholic altar boy. Yet, unbeknownst to the priests, his baptism had never taken place as claimed and, furthermore, he was the bastard son of a part-Aboriginal woman from the long grass of Mt. Isa and an alcoholic, Italian immigrant father. He was an Octoroon who looked neither black nor white, and who lived a far from untroubled life as he vainly tried to straddle both worlds.
His mother was the granddaughter of an unknown bush Blackfella whose name was never recorded and, like her son, her baptism had been overlooked. She was an illegitimate ‘quarter-breed’, according to those humans who would claim to specialise in such matters. Hence de Bortoli was a miscreant of the very finest cultivation indeed, according to others.
There were otherworldly entities aplenty watching him quite closely, like a transcendent panel of jurists.
Unaware of we divine onlookers or even my own omniscient commentary, de Bortoli concluded his monologue and, with a grimace, sank the needle deep into his powerful Gluteus maximus. Gritting his teeth, he then depressed the plunger, sending the oily suspension quickly, productively into the thick muscle of his arse.
He had a roguish, wide-shouldered look about him for he was a former professional footballer but was now a greying, raging bull yearning for academic acceptance, while still clinging determinedly to the hedonistic lifestyle of his collapsed youth. In his middle-age now, general practitioners of medicine prescribed him testosterone-based anabolic steroids to supplement his own naturally diminishing endogenous hormonal output, as they did for many middle-aged men such as he across the nation. And yet de Bortoli was about to have his middle-aged, chemically bolstered world turned completely inside out.
Now, Good Reader, let it be known that we in the empyrean jury are only too aware that de Bortoli had moments of spiritual doubt but he was still, as far as we could tell, a most-times Catholic. And being born out of wedlock, as he was, by a mother herself born out of wedlock, the unbaptised boy slash man of this story was always destined to be a person of interest to the followers of the Anti-Christ.
Thus, the many powers aligned against Catholic Christianity were very interested in this particular Aboriginal Australian - the self-proclaimed Angry Troll of Melbourne University - who was about to become an actor in a play as old as humanity itself.
Lo and verily, Good Reader, a wine-dark droplet of blood slowly oozed from the puncture wound on his buttock. De Bortoli didn’t notice, of course. But it did not go unnoticed by the afore-mentioned astral entities who were closely observing him, surveying him, and yes, some were actually measuring him. Supernatural lips were licked.
And accordingly, I, who am just one of so very many of we gods with teeth, stretch open my voluminous maw, taste the brand new night air with my glistening, flickering tongue-yawn, and his wretched little narrative commences.
Or does it? De Bortoli was a most creative academic and a writer with a rampant, out of control imagination, a man for whom truth and fiction live mobile lives on an ever-changing continuum. Hence, confirming the veracity of this tale is a task I leave to ye and ye alone, Good but cynical Reader …

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER ONE.



God’s End: Life in a Cottage Near Canberra. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs 2012.

“Does anyone really know where the Christ, or the Anti-Christ … or whoever the fuck is, actually, really, ultimately in charge … where that divine old un Bastardo who oversees this shit we call ‘living’ is gonna lead you next? Affunculo! No wonder I need another bloody drink! Why? Why you think? Because this God fella, he is il Pistolino of the universe!” - Sterling de Bortoli’s Italian-born father, Gino, to himself, alone at night on his mountaintop farm some one hundred and eighty kilometres from Canberra, the lonely bush capital of Australia.

Sometimes, upon idle reflection, a man thinks about himself too much and then unhappily concludes that his life has been no more original than a rerun of a Hollywood B-grade movie, with plots as inane and predictable as that which any two-bit drunken hack could churn out on their battered old Remington. Ah, but there’s always the ending … that’s yours and yours alone to write. Nevertheless, every unique ending has had an equally unique beginning … and here is mine.
G’day, friend Balanda, how’s it going, eh? My name’s Sterling de Bortoli and I’m a homeless fella from the Kalkadoon mob up Mt. Isa way. But before you get all judgemental on my cute part-Abo arse, let me tell you this much: life as a homeless down and out on the inner city streets of Melbourne is pretty easy for a bloke of my well-honed ingenuity and who is fortunate enough to have no nagging wife nor bawling kids dependent upon his fortnightly pay packet. Yep, that’s good old, lucky old single me. In fact, in some ways, it’s a damn sight better, I’ll gladly wager, than your typical nine to five job, unna.
Well, that’s what I’d tell my good old, lucky old Dad if he ever found out the truth about me. ‘No soul-destroying mortgage to pay off and no bosses whose hairy arses demand kissing,’ I’d say to my Beloved Pop if he sighed in disappointment. ‘No backstabbing so-called colleagues to battle with,’ I’d say if my Respected Father shook his head in disgust. ‘No snotty-nosed kid’s birthdays and violin recitals to apologise for missing,’ I’d persist in my defence if the Old Bastard’s shoulders slumped for whatever possible reason they might slump. Ah, but then would come my clincher as I reached for the flag I would plant at the apex of my argument: “Dad, regardless of what you think of me, your first-born son, I am an urban hunter and gatherer. My modern-day tools are not the spear, woomera or boomerang but my Blackfella resourcefulness and limitless courage! I am proud to be a 21st Century Aborigine!”
You see, Balanda, I believe that I thrive in this, my singularly anarchic lifestyle choice, as a modern day hunter and gatherer. Each council garbage can and St. Vinnies clothing bin provides the exciting prospect of a new bounty, and often a new revelation, from or about contemporary nouveau riche Melbourne society because, of course, these stupid city people throw out so much of value. Unspoilt food. Still useful furniture. Designer-brand clothing. It’s all mine for the minor inconvenience of occasionally being spotted dumpster-diving by sneering passers-by. And let us not forget that there are always the handouts from the welfare professionals and professional bible-thumpers who ply the back-streets of Melbourne with their mobile soup kitchens. A man can get used to day old bread when it’s gratis and served with hot beef consommé. And if one is really desperate and hungry, then vacuum-sealed plastic packets of smoked chicken or turkey breast can be smuggled out of the local Woolworths or Coles supermarkets if you stuff them deep into your underwear, and wear your shirt untucked to hide the tell-tale bulge in the groin that is, this time at least, not an erection (sorry, folks, but I gotta tell it like it is).
Most importantly, however, is the exquisite reality associated with the incontrovertible fact that even though my Indigenous scholarship has finally run out, I can still be a student and get the lovely dole every fortnight by admitting to a kindly doctor (medical doctor, not philosophical, that is) the obvious and self-evident truth that I’m a raging alcoholic. Had my first drink when I was seven. You can blame the church for that. Holy friggin’ Communion!
Anyway, the good doc bulkbills the cost of the consultation to Medicare, then writes a medical certificate for another three months and suggests, yet again, that I try attending Alcoholic Anonymous.
His optimism is well-practised but not really that convincing as I’ve heard it all before and done, well, some of it before. Not the full rehab trip, of course, but I did do an inpatient detox once. Just like a catered hotel it was, but with daily Thiamine injections and heaps of intra-venous diazapam loading to stave off those dreaded DTs. So after a week of that I was clean and sober but they discharged me back onto the streets with a position on a three month waiting list for a bed in rehab and so what d’ya reckon happened? Yup, a full-blown relapse right back to where I probably belong. Which is here.
And so Australia’s governmental welfare agency known as Centrelink deposits my ‘arts grant’ payments (as a wanna-be writer that’s how I avoid answering any questions about my occupation with the more truthful words ‘dole bludger’) every fortnight in my bank account, and I am Free. I am Free. I am Free. I will always be Free in this great land of Australia, where I can go walkabout anywhere I like just as long as there’s a Centrelink office I can get to every three months or so. Thus, each morning I wake up to a brand new day: the shiny, unblemished promise of a wealth of possibilities as yet untarnished by time.
Now for those of you Balanda readers of this unpretentious yarn who are perhaps lacking frequent flyer points and have never travelled so far, the South Eastern Australian city of Melbourne is often described as one of the most liveable cities in the world. And despite reading the many picturesque travel magazines and brightly coloured, glossy newspaper lift outs I’d find after ransacking the back alleys and effluence of these affluent inner city suburbs, I have never really dreamt, as some restless and cashed-up souls apparently do, of winging myself to far away overseas countries.
Certainly I have never before yearned to visit what was to prove to be … One Of The Most Inhospitable And Potentially Dangerous, Religion-Dominated Landscapes On Earth! Such for me were the barren stony shores of North West Africa’s sunny Morocco in September 2008 when I had the misfortune of arriving just days before the month long period of Muslim self-denial known as Ramadan. It was then and there, in the solar-drenched land of the Moors, that I was destined to finish the first leg of my heuristic journey from dreary Melbourne - via the National Capital of Australia (my memory-logged home-town of Canberra) - and prove my worth to my one and only Maria.
Now Maria, ah, yes … my sweet young Maria - I don’t believe there is another soul on Earth quite like her, and it’s about time I described her. For starters, she is so perfectly slim, so athletically toned, she could easily earn a living as a model. Her hands are extraordinary - long-fingered, flexible and elegant. Hair? Let me tell you, this beautiful sylph is blessed with long tresses of black that show only the slightest curl, framing an un-freckled and timelessly beautiful face of pore-less, alabaster complexion. Cheekbones feline, eyes like heavy-lidded almonds, nose an elfin champignon. She is incomparably sexy, Lolita-like, dressed as she most often is in a black, lace-trimmed negligee-like costume.
Oh yeah, she is a Skip, alright. An all-in-black Aussie Skip, through and through, friend Balanda, but she’s a Skip with a gothic velvet choker wrapped snug around her slender Modigliani neck. Her ruby-rouged lips flare incandescently against a backdrop of pale, dead-white skin. Those red, red lips appear to be fixed in a permanent half-smile which seem to only reveal her perfectly proportioned teeth when I give forth with a well-practiced joke and then that picture of feminine perfection throws back her head in candid laughter, letting loose her exquisite mane in a slow-motion sequence of sine waves.
It’s like a perfect wind has just blown an icy-fresh gust of oxygen into her face, like the exhalation of a lofty god.
Her so, so gorgeous face, smiling as if she had just managed to  effortlessly erase all strife in the world and simultaneously elevate human existence to a state of Heavenly Grace, and she beams at me knowingly. She makes me want to collapse into her, to be transported away into the sky, into the sea, into all too foreign lands.
And suddenly, that’s exactly what Maria made happen. The all too foreign land of Morocco, to be precise, was where she deemed to transport me.
But until that day in late ‘08 I was still sleeping rough in good ole Melbourne town, swigging on ‘goon’, that is, cheap Australian cask wine (also known as ‘pinot de cardboard’), and in my resultant alcoholic stupor I’se a dreamin’ of finery wis a capital ‘F’. I’se on me way to a Channel 9 TV studio. Bein’ slowly driven there with th’ utmosht decorum by a uniformed chauffeur in a stretch Rolls powered by a hundred superfluous equines, and there was a man in a good toupee - much better than Bert’s - an’ an even better four button, double breasted bag o’ fruit by Zegna ‘n he was announcin’ into a microphone: “Sterling de Bortoli, THIS IS YOUR LIFE!” and I said wis well-rehearshed but entirely falsh modesty, “No, no, mate, you must be joking!” as I waited for the parade of significant others in my life to tell me jusht how good a man I was. Or had once been. Or perhaps I shoulda been. Or could even shtill be, some glorioush day in the not-so-dishtant future?
I waited for a while, smiling in the midst of these pleasant, swirling fantasies, before my addled mind eventually drifted back, as it inevitably does, to the memory of my teenage hometown. Ah yes, these were the sad moments of sweet inebriation spent hashing over my scarred, seared-black history, but not so vigorously as to disturb the comforting layer of self-delusion, which like a fine dust has settled onto the uneven surface of my personal life story and filled in the ugly pits, pock marks and blemishes like theatrical pancake, smoothing out the ugly complexion of the past. Yes, alcohol worked like heavily applied make-up on reminiscence: it made everything seem like salad days and it airbrushes one’s character flaws til it looks to oneself like the porcelain skin of the models on the cover of a women’s magazine. Or like the skin of Maria.
But oh, the price to be paid! Withdrawals from cheap wine can be hard: we’re talking morning-after-shakes, dry retching and whole body sweats. Very tempting it is, sometimes, to partake of a little of that hair of the dog, just to chase away those awful symptoms. To do so, however, will soon see me slide rapidly down to the most slovenly depths of depravity, to my personal rock bottom of all-day drinking, and so instead I usually try to ride that slimy snake through to the evening at least, before picking up a drink again. I prefer to stake out an after-dark position more akin to bedrock, which, to over-extend the mountaineering metaphor, is a pick-hold up from rock-bottom. Snakes and ladders, that’s the game I play with booze.
Now, where was I? Ah, yes, my teenage hometown. Such sweet and useful memories have I selectively retained! Perfectly planned Canberra - so detached in appearance and demeanour - had always felt safe for a young, uncertain teenager like I once was. What with its nicely ordered and neatly manicured colleges and universities; its refined art gallery culture and implacable governmental monuments; its easy to rort public transport system; its pampered public servants; its legally enshrined cosmopolitan multiculturalism (and therefore its compulsory multi-theology) and, recently, and perhaps most importantly, to me at least; its status as home to my less than half-my-age girlfriend, Maria.
Ah, Maria. Maria. She, who, in the argot of the youthful University of Melbourne set I now and then frequent (if only on the fringes of acceptance), is what they would call “the dope” or “the bomb” or “a bit of A-grade flange” or even “a total freakin’ honey!” If they ever clapped their bulging goggle-eyes on her, that is.
Now, it’s most important to understand that the residents of this inland Australian Capital Territory where she and I were separately raised, are a well-educated lot, their Canberran accents not barbed with the nasal twang of Outback Queensland, but rather softened by the slow, deep tones and drawl of the gentler Southern states. The happy people in Canberra prosper as a result of the continual influx of federal funds to support their clerical activities in the many government departmental office blocks dotted around the city. But their workplaces are no sweatshops: they are air-conditioned palaces meeting OHS-enshrined standards, whose surrounds are dominated by gardener tended lawns, neatly pruned shrubbery and ornamental tree-lined nature strips.
Every suburban street and cul-de-sac in Canberra, it seems, is occupied by public servants or else manned by the people running the service industries that support those government workers, and no-one is perturbed by the proliferation of traffic roundabouts. Similar to the Telecom tower on Black Mountain, gracefully piercing the clouds like a space-aged Greek obelisk, the ‘pubes’ of this apparently sterile city, are upwardly mobile, climbing through the ranks of PSA 7, 8, 9 and higher, until, with a disgustingly generous superannuation payout, they then smugly retire to a beachside mansion in Queensland somewhere and forget all about the miserable Canberra winters. Not for them is the hustle and hectic pace of their more desperate cousin’s lifestyles in either Melbourne or Sydney.
Nestled in the foothills of the cold dark Brindabella mountains, Canberra is also the geographically closest capital city to my elderly father’s sprawling fine-wool Merino sheep farm I call my between semesters home away from Melbourne University and he calls ‘God’s End’. He so named it after the legend of a little-known highwayman, an outlaw from days long gone who allegedly terrorised the highways adjacent to the Tinderry Mountains of the Monaro region. On a clear day these peaks can be seen on the horizon, crushed-plum purple in the distance south of the National Capital. At times these mountains appear to be quite nearby, but in travelling the distance one soon realises it is an annoying deception: undulating, prehistoric folds in the terrain make the journey overly long and arduous, even by the fastest four wheel drive. It takes around two and a half hours to motor from the outskirts of Canberra to the blessed isolation of God’s End.
When I was fourteen I found a sacred spot in the National Park wilderness adjoining God’s End. It’s a Dreaming circle of head-high granite boulders where I discovered three ancient spearheads when hunting foxes whose pelts I would sell for pocket money. Whenever I can I return to that place, although it’s a hard trek into the rough country surrounding the farm. I lower my swag and sit with my back against the largest of the boulders and slowly let the quietness of the bush exercise its soothing influence on my often over-wrought soul. Here I can detach my mind from the immediacy of the present and allow it to identify with the ancient breathing of the hills, in effect making my own usually urban level of breathing seem excessive. After a few minutes in such repose my city life begins to feel just a little vulgar and pointless. I feel I could hermit myself away there for days, if not years, on end. The place is so serene it seems to underline the immense triviality of humanity. I don’t know if any Whitefella would feel the exact same way, but I’m not about to introduce my special Dreaming place to anyone else no matter what, and no-one else is keen on wandering around that out-of-the way wilderness anyway.
The stripling, bearded bushranger I just referred to as the inspiration for the farm’s name was accustomed to long horseback rides, however, and the return journey from the distant dirt highways he stalked was nothing, especially if he’d scored a strongbox of valuables. He used to hideout on the farm’s tallest peak, enjoying the sweet, astringent mountain air at the juncture twixt night and fresh morn, beneath the seven sisters of the Southern Cross, that famous constellation of stars that hangs tilted and twinkling on its axis, like a broken Crucifix on a backdrop of endless, uncaring black.
He knew a short peace there, until, when cornered by the Queanbeyan mounted police (the oldest such constabulary in NSW, apparently), the handsome young criminal gave up the ghost and slipped into obscure history with a single gunshot. With nowhere left to run he naturally blew his brains out in his wattle and daub shack hidden not quite deep enough amongst the stippled grey snow gums, mountain swamp gums and moss-covered granite boulders: a scene of exquisite, indescribable desolation. “Faaark!” mourned the murder of crows that also call the place home. The vindictive coppers burnt down his shack with the words, ‘My God’s End, My Godsend!’ the bushranger had painted in molasses with broad, nihilistic strokes above his camp cot, and thus a local legend was born.
Dad, Desmond and I had moved to the new region from outback Queensland when Mum died unexpectedly from a brain aneurism. I was just turned 10 and her death hit me real bad, as you would expect. Unlike my younger brother Des, I was old enough to know that ‘death’ meant she was never coming back. It was pretty sudden and it shook up Dad so much he quit his job in the Mt. Isa mines and he quit the Catholic Church and then he just climbed into his battered old EH Holden ute with me and the bewildered Des bawling our eyes out on the torn vinyl bench seat next to him and he started driving down South. He just quit the Isa. Quit it like a leaking ship dumps its ballast, and then we were like rats, swimming for our lives, not knowing where we would find land.
Dad had lived virtually his whole life in the Isa. Met Mum there: a half or maybe quarter-blood Aboriginal Kalkadoon. Gave birth to me there (I was lucky: it was in the Mt. Isa hospital). Went to Catholic Mass there, but not every week, of course. Drank cheap plonk with the other loser Abos in the dry riverbed there (they certainly weren’t fussy about the company they kept). Stood by as Mum had Desmond there (in the meagre shelter of the long grass with the help of a surprisingly sober Aboriginal midwife). Broke his leg in the world-famous Mt. Isa rodeo there and, now, still favoured his left leg when walking, always gingerly like he might do the good one in too at any moment.
He started seriously thinking about making an honest woman out of Mum there (after two bastard kids, no less!). As an adult, he’d only ever been as far away from the Isa as seaside Townsville and that was to make tentative enquiries about a proper wedding ceremony on the beach. I reckon it would have been very romantic, with a qualified celebrant and a white laced wedding gown for mum and a rented tuxedo for Dad and all that ceremonial crap. In the early hours, while she gently snored, and he fought his insomnia, Dad planned as he listened to the velvet-pawed nocturnal life outside. External to our Isa bungalow, the soft marsupial stealth of bandicoots contrasted markedly with the disturbing call of the nocturnal Stone Bush curlews (or Weelow, according to the Kalkadoon lingo). The unmusical song of this bird sounds like the shriek of a madwoman, rising through the high-pitched registers of prehistoric terror and orgasm through to peals of maniacal laughter before it subsides into sobs of desperate keening. It is a heart wrenching noise, much like the amplified hysteria of a refugee, and sounds as if they are mourning for lost or stolen children. The source of these unhappy night sounds are ungainly, grey animals, tall and haughty, and they are often spotted in pairs with their long hard beaks held high, regarding their reflections in the night-time mirror-glass walls of the deserted petrol station buildings on the outskirts of towns.
One wondered how they spent their sun-baking days? Perhaps standing and sleeping bolt-upright in the long dead grass? Is that why they sound so wretched, so tortured? Had anyone ever seen the ‘home, sweet home’ of a curlew’s nest? Could my father Gino de Bortoli ever live in a Mt. Isa curlew’s nest after my mother’s death, without Insanity pounding furiously on the door, demanding entry to his already dishevelled mind?
Whenever I come across a curlew I can’t help it: I stop dead in my tracks and just stare. They’re a bird that just makes no sense to me, a very strange bird indeed, that Weelow fella.
But my poor old Mum was dead and buried and that crazy old bird my Dad was driving us all to a new life, whether Des and I liked it or not. He was a wizened old widower with absolutely no plans but to get as far away from anything that reminded him of his late partner and devoted soul mate. For some reason he drove straight past Brisbane, which Mum used to call Meanjin and which forever brings to mind pictures of streets carpeted in mauve Jacaranda blossoms, and then detoured around the fake emerald city of Sydney and suddenly we just stopped in Canberra where he started looking for a block of land to buy. It might have been the fiercely frost-bitten cold of the place that attracted him, being nothing like the Isa’s dry, incessantly baking heat that barely relented for what passed as winter in that part of North Queensland. In Canberra, thanks to its altitude, winter is a long, drawn out, imprisoning affair. Hell, sometimes there’s snow in sheltered gullies on the high slopes of the Brindabellas that never actually melted until late spring! Months and months on end have to be endured before this, the coldest region in the country, swings into a cruel, burnt-out summer. The seasonal extremes of razor-sharp chilled winds, killer frosts, debilitating droughts and all-exterminating bushfires, that’s Canberra, eh.
Or it might have been the rowdy Aboriginal demonstration that was making history in the street opposite Old Parliament House when we drove into the so-called Bush Capital on our very first day there in 1972.
Yep, it was a full-on banner-waving demo and I’d never seen anything like it. There were Blackfellas protesting in their thousands - and even a few Balanda demonstrating in admirable solidarity - and the lousy pigs were laying into them all with their lousy pig truncheons left, right and centre.
I saw the famous activist Chicka Dixon himself, with a megaphone in hand, whipping up the crowd. Most Aboriginal fellas weren’t in on the anti-Vietnam war demos but they - well, we - were realising the relevance of America’s Black Power riots and so there was my brother from another mother making himself heard.
These Aboriginal men and women were brave enough to dream of a similar revolution in human rights happening Down Under, too. It was the fantastic, heady, hippy days of the 70s, after all, and there were what seemed like a million dark fists pounding the sky or raised in defiance at the government condoned prejudices that prevented land right claims and recognition of prior ownership.
Now, Dad wasn’t Murri like Mum (he was a greasy-skinned, bow-legged little man of Italian descent with curly black hair and an olive complexion whose folks brought him over to Ingham as a young tacker to where my Italian Granddad Nino was working the cane fields, alongside many other post-war Italian immigrants), but Mum sure was Murri. Well, part Murri, at least: no one actually knew who her father was, but her mother was definitely a Kalkadoon. The briefest of records show that she was taken to a Catholic mission as a four year old. She was one of the ‘Stolen Generations’. They takem to big school. Gonna be taught proper Whitefella way, eh? Learn all ‘bout Jesus, eh? That’s how I imagine my grandmother’s introduction to the White Australia Policy began.
By the way, ta very much, Prime Minister Mr. Rudd. Apology accepted, although long overdue. And you can go to Hell, Messrs Windschuttle and Bolt. You lousy Stolen Generation deniers. Sceptics. Liars. Revisionists. You Goddamn Whitefella racists.
Although her white father is unidentified in any records, Mum was generally known to be a half-caste. So that makes me a Mestee, I guess. A Mestizo. A ‘Creamie’ as film-maker Baz Luhrmann inventively defines us in his epic comedy film modestly entitled Australia. Or an Octoroon, actually, coz probably only my great gran was a full-blood.
One eighth Abo-digenous! One eighth of the proudest tribe in Queensland whose descendants consider the war against the British invaders to be ongoing and as yet unsettled. Never has there been a treaty! Never has there been any surrender! Sovereignty of this land remains contested so go back to where ya come from, Captain bloody Cook and all youse bloody convicts that followed him!
Unlike the savvy Maoris of New Zealand or the gullible North American Indians, no official agreement has ever been reached. Genocidal massacres of the Indigenous Kalkadoons and other Blackfellas aplenty, however. But enough of our mob has survived and we have technically never given in to the invading European. Yup, that’s probably you, Balanda, although there are plenty Blackfellas will call me Balanda, given my ambiguous skin-tone, until I explain the details of my Aboriginal lineage.
Because you are what you say you are and who cares what name any other bastard calls you. You either recognise your connection to this land, by blood, or you don’t. The actual percentage of ancestry has gotta be irrelevant, right? I mean, there’s no scientific tipping point at which you change from being Indigenous to being non-Indigenous.
But had I been born a generation or two earlier, I know I would have been considered a prime candidate for forced integration into the socially engineered society aiming for a ‘White Australia’. Assimilated. Not being very black, I would have been ‘Stolen’ and they would have forced me to be more ‘White’. Like my Mum had. Never being taught about her Grandfather’s Dreaming. Our Dreaming. The Aboriginal Australian spirituality.
Never knowing where she belonged. Like me today. I have ‘olive’ skin, they say. I have curly, dark brown hair. They don’t have to say that: it’s pretty bloody obvious. My hard, protruding brow juts out over my brown eyes like the overhang of a cliff and my flat nose ain’t no perky lil’ ski-lift affair either: it’s spread out across half my damn face. No denying these facts that cover me like a tailor-made government issue blanket emblazoned with the initials SDB. But still, cos I’m not ‘black’, people in bureaucracy ask terribly important fucking questions about who I think I am. What I identify as. Too much Whitey to be a fair dinkum Aborigine, perhaps, too much Aborigine to be a true blue Whitey. But what colour, Mr. Balanda, is an Octoroon’s heart?
Of course, nobody at my new school in Canberra knew anything about all that and everyone just assumed I was a greasy Wog from somewhere near the Mediterranean sea because I had curly brown hair and an olive complexion like my Eye-tie Dad, Gino, and I was therefore always copping it from my peers. The ethnic sounding surname capped it all off so I got constant racial abuse - it was the ignorant 70s, after all.
Some thoughtful mentors of children will ruminate on how schooling constructs sound character, by chipping off the edges, and the hardships of a new school would qualify as such. My edges were smoothed, granted, but removing the roughness revealed no diamond of character, only shapelessness, like an unintelligible sculpture in a modern art exhibit, and I was roundly mocked by my school cronies.
But the abuse would have been even nastier if the kids worked out that I was actually part Abo, the dirty, bastard whelp of a dirty, treacherous Gin. Such verbal maltreatment would have tempted me irresistibly to point a magic bone at them and turn them into legless tadpoles. That was a joke, Balanda, I ain’t no Kadaicha witch doctor!
So I kinda understand why the demonstrations in Canberra and the subsequent establishment of the Aboriginal Tent Embassy on the lawns opposite Parliament House made such an impression on my Dad. There weren’t many things he took a stance on but racism was one. He himself grew up being called just about every racist name under the blazin’ Aussie sun: ‘Dago’, ‘Wog’ and ‘Eye-tie’ were the most common. But never, ever ‘Skippy’. Oh, no, coz ‘Skips’ are the blessed white Anglo-Saxon Aussies. Bloody oath, mate, those proud Aussies can trace their roots back to convict ancestors transported from England as punishment for their criminal misdemeanours. Woo hoo! Such noble pedigrees! But do they feel so superior when the doctors proclaim their skin cancers on their pink-skinned shoulders to be malignant?
And of course ole Dad himself had gotten a double dose of vitriol when the Isa rednecks learned the woman he was living in sin with was a ‘Boong’. ‘Coon’. ‘Nigger’. ‘Dirty Abo’. I thought it didn’t get to him, but at ten years of age, well, what did I know? So perhaps that’s why, after Mum kicked the bucket, he decided to settle in Canberra when he saw the Aboriginal people protesting so proudly and defiantly near the picture perfect shores of Lake Burley Griffin. Eventually, after a year of working in a quarry across the border near Queanbeyan, in New South Wales but right adjacent to Canberra, Dad found us our big block of land about two hours drive away in the high Tinderry Mountain ranges of the Monaro where Eastern grey kangaroos and brush-tailed rock wallabies provide easy meat, the sheep produce the finest Merino wool in the world and the fat Bogong moths swarm in their millions every spring into early aestivality. Bogong. Boong. G, not much difference, eh, Balanda?
Now let me fill you in, you see, a knowledge of Bogong moths is important for Aboriginal Australians in the Monaro region and although they were entirely different Murris to my Mum’s Kalkadoon mob, I learnt about Canberra’s Waradjuri people who used to join up with tribes from the North East and Upper Murray river regions, after meeting with and gaining permission from the local Yiatmathang people, to feast on the protein-rich Bogong moths resting unawares in the high alpine plains south of Canberra. Needless to say, cooking the little buggers is an art. Eating insects is what birds are reduced to and we are people so we gotta cook ‘em and we gotta cook ‘em right. Because even Aboriginal people get tired of kangaroo meat and wild turnips every time dinner rolls around. The eventually tasty,  high calorie insects wedge themselves in nooks and crannies between the rocks and boulders on the high open plains, in numbers such that they look like vast layers of fuzzy brown fungus, pulsing gently with their measured insect breaths. They were considered well worth the long trek from Canberra or from even further afield.
Other bush tucker you can comfortably live off in the Canberra/Monaro area includes the tiny sweet fruits of the Cherry Ballart bush (known to the botanists as Exocarpus cupressiformis), which you eat raw, and the cooked tubers of the Murnong yam (Microsersis scapigera), easily identified by its bright yellow daisy-like flowers or the Njamang yam (Bulbine bulbosa), which has long, fleshy leaves and delicate little yellow lilies for flowers. Both these totemic yams blossom in summer to autumn on the high mountain ridges and in the sub-Alpine forests of Snow Gums.
Near Canberra you can still find the sacred shapes and silhouettes of wallabies and possums painted on the rock shelter at a place called Yankee Hat in the Namadgi National Park high up in the Brindabella mountains. This region was visited by numerous neighbouring clans, including the Gundungurra, Ngarigo, Wolgalu and Wiradjuri mobs. They’d dig up red ochre from a natural quarry near the now-trendy suburb of Red Hill for the artwork they painted on their bodies and they’d grind grooves in the sandstone outcrops there as they sharpened axe heads and the fire-hardened points of digging sticks. Some places were dedicated to grinding wattle seeds for bush damper and the eggheads at CSIRO did radiocarbon dating of charcoal found in these outdoor kitchens which shows Aboriginal occupation of the area since more than 21,000 years ago. But it was mostly a summer hunting ground: even the furriest possum skins were not warm enough for the sub-zero Canberra mornings in winter.
The name ‘Canberra’ is, of course, just one of numerous Aboriginal words for ‘Meeting Place’. There were more than two hundred different Aboriginal dialects before the European invasion wiped most of ‘em out. A few years ago, when I briefly returned to Canberra in my thirties, I spent a weekend tending to the sacred fire in the Aboriginal Tent Embassy opposite the Old Parliament House, while the magnificent sulphur-crested white cockatoos shrieked in the treetops, the black and white magpies warbled and carolled on the ground and the red, yellow and black banners of the Indigenous flag of Australia billowed in the breeze.
Fire is the gateway to Dreaming. It lies at the very root of all Aboriginal culture and connate lore. Smoking ceremonies accompany any important tribal event. The Blackfellas who camp between the ornamental trees in the Parliamentary triangle always claim the sacred fire opposite Old Parliament House has never burnt out since being lit during those first demonstrations in the 70s and the at that-time Keeper of the Flame (who was related to a highly respected and chest-scarred Wiradjuri Elder) wanted to take his girlfriend away to the coast for a dirty weekend - sly bugger - so I volunteered to keep the ceremonial ‘Sacred Fire of Aboriginal Peace and Justice’ stoked. Yeah, and so I painted myself up and I was stoked, too. The whole thing gave me a hard-on, said one young and overly familiar acquaintance of mine back then. But she wasn’t really complaining, she lustily assured me … Ah, to be young again!
Ask any botanist and they’ll tell you that many species of Eucalyptus trees actually require the heat of a bushfire before their seeds will germinate. A regular occurrence, either through lightning strike or Blackfellas burning off scrub to flush out game, bushfires will storm through valleys, up and over hills, monstering and rampaging, their Hellish embers floating across waterways to start new Hells. And then, immobile in the fiery maelstrom’s unstoppable path, the oil-rich Eucalyptus leaves will shrivel and curl before suddenly exploding into deadly fireballs. Our indigenous gum trees, it seems, have evolved to burn and rise again, like veritable Jesus trees.
Many such Eucalypts line the shores of Lake Burley Griffin, which, with a good tail wind, is less than a day away from the wilderness of the national parks abutting God’s End, into which flocks of up to twenty head of my Dad’s polled Hereford cattle - bearing the distinctive de Bortoli brand and lowing triumphantly - would regularly abscond, trailing fencing wire and bended steel droppers like streamers of heavy confetti and subsequently followed by countless head of our precious Merinos, which would eventually starve to death in the thick brush, blinded by their own overgrown wool.
The Canberran birds on the wing sealed their hegemony over these non-native intruders with sonic affirmations from up high as they rode the breeze effortlessly: corvids including crows and pied currawongs with their melodious peals of bell-like birdsong, brownish mountain wood ducks in pairs, faithfully mated for life, and regal-looking red-billed black swans; all hitched rides with the mid-altitude air currents to wherever they sought new pastures. But many, like the life-long employees of the Public Service, saw no reason to ever leave Canberra, and birdlife swells in abundance, here, by the Aboriginal Tent Embassy opposite Old Parliament House, the centre-piece of Australia’s seemingly omnipotent white rule, and the skies hum and haw with a hundred different avian calls while the streets hum and honk with a hundred different models of new car.
Marred only by the noisy 5.30 am departures of the tourism-driven “Balloons Afloat” launches from the adjoining park, my time at the Aboriginal Tent Embassy site was blissfully serene and yet considerably educational. During that fascinating weekend spent tending the sacred fire I was told some more stories of the Dreamtime and was surprised to hear that the grey whiskered old Aboriginal storyteller, Auntie Carol, had no problem believing in both the Murri view of creation and a Catholic Christian point of view.
But then she told me of the toothless Yara-ma-yha-who, a child sized, red-skinned monster with suckers on its fingers and a body composed almost entirely of stomach and head.
This monster preys on naughty children, or even adults who had been naughty as children, and feeds like a housefly, periodically regurgitating its victim in a sticky mess of stomach acids. But its blood-sucking attacks can be survived if the victim feigns death: more frightening is the Mrart, a fiercely fanged monster that terrorises Blackfella campsites at night, whisking its victims away forever.
These are gods to be feared, unlike Jesus, she explained didactically. Her silvery grey afro seemed to vibrate as if charged with electricity, and she laughed at my surprised reaction to her serene multi-theology.
I guess I am a bit the same with my ambivalent take on Aboriginal spirituality and identity, really. Sometimes I will tick boxes on government applications for financial aid or on university survey forms to identify myself as Indigenous but sometimes I don’t. I’m not actually black and I’m not actually white and what the Hell does olive mean anyway? Skin colour just doesn’t seem that important to me - unless, of course, there is some money in it … so I tend to dance around those Blackfella questions most of the time.
Then Auntie Carol told me, as if this information was easily hers for the telling, that my Dreamtime totem was the Garrawi cockatoo, that big yellow-crested white parrot that looks so beautiful and proud but sounds like a screeching banshee. “That bird, Garrawi,” she said with deadly seriousness, “He be there for you always. Mebbe, you not see him. Mebbe, you not hear him. But that bird your brother. An’ you can be happy, like that fella cockatoo, jus’ flyin’ ‘round. See that one?” I looked in the direction she was pointing and sure enough, a sulphur crested white cockatoo was swinging upside down from a telegraph line, like a spot-lit circus acrobat, obviously cavorting for the sheer fun of it. Then, as I watched, it seemed to lose its grip and tumbled a metre a two, before spreading its wings and flapping off, squawking like a child with a new vuvuzela.
Auntie Carol continued, “That bird not black, but sure ‘nuff, that bird a Blackfella bird. That Garrawi bird your totem bird, Sterling.”
On the subject of words of wisdom, my old man often used to say to me sagely, as I grubbed out serrated tussock at God’s End like some kind of teenage indentured slave, and while the wedge-tailed eagles circled above and the yellow-bellied black snakes evaded my mattock: “One day, Sterling, all this will be yours. You’ll be the landed gentry, you will, my boy.” But his sagacity was utterly irrelevant for he’s vigorously engaged in longevity and still going strong at 87 years young. So I got the government funding called Abstudy to pay my way through my undergraduate studies when I ticked that box and nobody asked me about my ancestry when I scored the game winning goal on the footy field despite the fact I wasn’t quite black and I wasn’t quite white and all that mattered was whether or not I could hold my head high as a man and life was pretty damn good when I was a young-un and I was not Shame.
But around a couple of decades later, almost inexplicably, I was thinking of leaving this familiar territory for an extremely unsafe foreign geography on the absolute other side of the world. A place where my totem bird Garrawi had never flown. It was all quite weird and Un-worldly. Dreamtime-unworldly? Nooo … A bit different. In fact, quite a bit different from my people’s Dreamtime.
But if you pay close attention, friend Balanda, I will try to explain. But prepare yourself. Use the toilet now, if you have to. Get a glass of water.
It is nearing the end of mid-semester break at Melbourne University, which has almost no runic history or even a secret logbook of mysteries unsolved - unlike say, Oxford, Cambridge or Harvard. I’ve been lazily sojourning in Canberra for a couple of weeks. Spent some time up at God’s End until I tired of the thankless, concentration camp-styled labour that Dad put me to. Of course, I’ve been injecting testosterone fortnightly and am training OK. Maybe 6 outa 10. Not great, personal best-type weightlifting but still considerably better than anyone else I know of in my (middle-aged to downright old) age bracket. But most importantly, my Australian passport is in order, my economy class seat is confirmed and I am now at last on my way to North Africa on an audacious and hopefully auspicious expedition, a passage into the great unknown, a journey tainted with a sense of anxious trepidation tempered only by the subconscious knowledge that the itinerary is always to be subject to Maria’s subtle manipulation (but more on that later).
After leaving the gentle caresses from my charming little Goth girlfriend and the rigours of the old man’s farm and the soft cushiness of Canberra and all that they call Down Under, my initial port of call after a gruelling twelve non-stop hours in the air (during which I squinted with difficulty at the three incredibly banal in-flight movies displayed on one incredibly small screen fixed into the back of the seat before me), is the un-glamorous stop-over of Baargghhh-rrain. (Apparently you have to pronounce it as if coughing up a lung-full of smoke-tinged phlegm). This short pause for refuelling of the Gulf Air aeroplane is supposed to be rejuvenating for we passengers too, but for me it simply provides the first inkling of the bizarre culture shock that is to come my way, uninvited, in a less than subtle attempt (I assume with unbridled paranoia), to ‘en-Gulf’ me.
I must endure a ninety-minute hiatus in Bahrain before the connecting flight to Casablanca and the United Arab Emirates airport waiting room seems to be teeming with bearded Sheiks of various shapes and sizes. They are as alike as a population of pond water micro-organisms wriggling on a scientist’s slide that has been slid scientifically beneath a microscope’s viewfinder, I think to myself, with no small degree of condescension. Unlike the usual protozoa and amoebae, however, all these foreign life forms are clad in identical ivory-white Gandooras and all, it seems, are gesticulating widely and wildly to each other. As the oil-rich scholars of the Koran around me stroke their oily black or grey facial hair I watch carefully, trying on for size the anonymising cloak of the seasoned traveller. It does not quite fit.
And so I stare wide-eyed as two Sheiks dressed in pure white, religiously significant suits of cotton and polyester body armour board the ‘Casa’-bound plane, each lugging a wooden rack upon which perch four leather-masked falcons. They are huge birds, the dimensions of a Christmas turkey, and look like pernicious bats only they are sitting bolt upright. With their curved claws as sharp and intimidating as razors, they grip the stand as if with steel pliers, and I watch mesmerised and appalled but, I must confess, utterly enthralled. I half-smile as I imagine the suffering of the poor hares and rabbits those honed talons would lacerate as the rodents tried to run, unsuccessfully, for their lives. Don’t much like bloody rodents. Unless they’re properly cooked, that is. Mmm, underground chicken …
The cool-as-executioners airline staff raise none of their manicured eyebrows at the sight. Unbelievably, they are actually going to let eight of these ferocious predators of the sky aboard with me. Uncaged. The killer birds are uncaged too. Apparently there is a hunting tournament coming up near Casablanca and the two Sheiks are off to pay, play and prey. And the religious zealots will certainly pray, too, to their bearded god, the one they call Allah.
Their glistening birds of the hunt are securely perched on the wooden rails at their handler’s sandaled feet and they watch with rigidly avian ears only. The owners, of course, are hardened blood sportsters from the Gulf and the shrouded men calmly munch through their Gulf Air halal meals unfazed. Meanwhile the winged raptors, blinded by tailor-made double-stitched leather caps with trailing leather jesses, smell the micro-waved food and probably query the olfactory sensation.
Sense the air pressure change in the cabin and probably experience a popping sound in their reptile-like ears with wonder.
Feel the roar of the engines and probably start with alarm, momentarily trying to spread wide their usually trusty wings.
Then, perhaps, they might query the shudder of turbulence when the giant metal bird holding them in its entrails drops for a few seconds and they then probably grip their talons tighter as a shadow of fear clouds their tiny brains.
But their dinosaur instincts tell them - not probably but definitively - to sleep, simply because, hey, birdbrain … it’s dark. Instinct - more powerful than any human tradition or cultural imperative - rules the minds of these feathered predators and they can not waver from their genetically determined behaviour. The temporarily sightless hunting birds deep in the belly of the great silver steel Gulf Air bird cutting through the cloudy blue towards Casablanca at 10,000 metres remain motionless and seemingly unperturbed. I sure have some catching up to do.
Willing myself to relax I breathe deeply and slowly. I deliberately flex in turn my Quadriceps femori (the muscles of my thighs), my Latissimus dorsi (in my back) and then my Pectoralis major muscles (the chest). Clicking bones and stretching tendons, I thus gain some sensory satisfaction from the knowledge that despite my advanced age I am still fairly strong and fit. Some who’re easily impressed might even say ‘buffed’. Shunning the usual social circles, pickup bars and nightclubs, I’d spent many a solitary evening pumping iron in the footy club gym and the results help to define my self-image and sense of identity even into my current middle age. And although the depressing grey of said middle age is advancing upon me and I no longer consider myself impressively ripped, I am not yet slow of limb and I suspect the lingering result of my football-playing years and ongoing weight-training is one of the reasons the gorgeous young Maria finds me attractive … Ah, Maria (♫ Say it soft and it’s almost like praying ♫).
Reassured, I recline the seat to its most horizontal position, eliciting a grunt of displeasure from the passenger seated immediately behind me. Not that I could care one iota less. Watching from my near supine position I admire the veiled and unwaveringly smiling faces of the slim, polyglot airhostesses before reflecting once again on the fundamental differences between my fellow passengers and I. They are apparently all devout followers of Islam and yours truly, Sterling de Bortoli, is their declared (if not necessarily recognised) arch enemy: an Infidel. 
And not just a hated Australian Christian aligned, via our nation’s political relationships, with the US and its so-called War Against Terror - the 21st Century Crusade against radical Islam - but an at most times good Catholic boy, although there are some days, weeks and yes, even months on end when I have doubts. So, I am an almost Atheist. Or is that just an Agnostic? I mean, Darwin’s experiences over his many years voyaging and measuring the natural world aboard The Beagle produced theories which make a lot of sense to me and therefore generate much internal acedia. That belief probably makes me a double Infidel and I can almost hear the chant as if the Sheiks around me have taken up a deadly chorus:
INFIDEL! INFIDEL!
DIE! DIE! DIE!
INFIDEL! INFIDEL!
DIE! DIE! DIE!
And so on and so on to its inevitably bloody conclusion, I guess. Blah, blah, blah ... I just don’t want to know about it. You wanna fight another war over your stupid Koran and our stupid Bible? Then bring it on, you religious tossers! Coz, hey, I’m too old to be conscripted!
But when my scepticism about all that mumbo-jumbo-whatsit about religion and the Heavenly hereafter wanes, as it inevitably does, and when my jobless times become tough, and when I wonder what my life has amounted to, it is my usual practice to take faith in the Catholic Church of my early childhood. Then will you find me humbly kneeling before Our Blessed Virgin Mary in genuine supplication.
If nothing else she fills the void left by my mother, the university counsellor once said to me, after un-steepling her long tranquil fingers and then tapping her pen knowingly on her melamine desk during our first confidential session. “Student Mental Health Services on campus are free, and that’s great, but you only get what you pay for, eh.” I responded, with the better half of a sinister smirk sitting smugly on my lips. She didn’t appreciate my attitude that much and I guess she had some difficulty restraining herself from writing something along the lines of: “Memo to Director: This client must be section nined for his own protection and the good of the community.” Instead, she just smiled wanly, that fall-back look of professional concern on her welfare face as I rolled my eyes at her incompetence and impotent ineptitude.
So, sure, in Melbourne, as a graduate student with a lapsed scholarship getting occasional counselling from professional carers, I am unquestionably poor, but the dole keeps me fed and clothed and all I have to do is read widely and write my brilliant exegesis and then some day modestly accept my award of a PhD from the exalted University of Melbourne, that sandstone and ivy institution nestled safely there in its cosseted courtyards and pseudo-gothic arches in downtown Parkville, Victoria, Australia.
And yet I jumped with surprising enthusiasm when the Catholic reject and firebrand young Maria offered me the unusual prize of – I can still hardly believe it! - a guided camel tour starting from Essaouira (which apparently is a small town of about 45,000 Moroccans and nearly as many rich French tourists, too stupid to know they are being mercilessly ripped off - much to the benefit of the local Arabian pedlars - in Eastern Morocco’s coastal region), across the snow streaked mantle and serrated ridges of the Atlas mountains to the very edge of North West Africa’s awe-inspiring Sahara desert. A trip of a lifetime, she unnecessarily assured me.
She’d won the odd trophy, Maria told me, in a national amateur modelling competition a few weeks before we’d even met. No, not that kind of modelling! Not Picture or People or even Zoo. Something to do with diluted Emo/Goth fashion … I don’t know the precise details … and I somehow couldn’t care and certainly couldn’t resist. She made it sound so exciting, so enticing and even, well ... so necessary.
Indeed, I was just about frothing at the mouth, so gee-ed up I was at the exhilarating but unexpected opportunity. Before even checking out my leave of absence options from the university, I’d met and consulted with the local discount travel agency. My philosophy was and always will be that change is inevitable and rather than fear it and in order to get on with one’s sadly short life I believe one must always enthusiastically embrace said change, without asking too many stupid questions, eh.
So for a while there I was in a constantly nervous state of expectation. Visions of the actor Peter O’Toole in Lawrence of Arabia coursed through my brain and I was known to yell in the days before my departure - quite inappropriately given my age and expected maturity - the catch cry “No prisoners! No prisoners!” Of course, no one except Maria could possibly have understood the powerful claim these images had on my imagination, as they swam the sea of my grey matter like mermaids around treacherous rocks.
OK, but let’s face the facts. Although she knows me better than anyone, Maria is my not quite twenty one year old university student girlfriend who never makes me feel middle-aged: even though she steadfastly says she can’t yet sleep with me and couldn’t take the holiday to Morocco herself due to something she calls “family reasons.”
She can be frustratingly elusive with explanations when she chooses to and I have several times advised her to change her course preferences from botany to studying psychology, or better still, politics.
So, there you have it. That’s my girl, the strictly non-Catholic Goth chick who always wears a pentagram. “Just for shock value,” she says with a wicked smirk. Either that or a tiny messiah on his cross swinging disoriented and upside down between her succulent breasts. Shock value again, I guess. She apparently never goes to Sunday Mass because: “It just gives Mummy and Daddy a smug sense of control over their only widdle daughter.” On such hot-weather Sabbaths we’d loll about with our books in her bed-sitter, prostrate in front of an open refrigerator, blatantly wasting electricity, and there, in such decadent repose, she once lectured me on the correct rendition of the Lord’s Prayer; “Our Father, who wert in Heaven’. She commenced arguing that Satan - as it says in the Book of Isaiah - was the true Father, that Christ’s rule was only temporary, and that one glorious day we’d look back on this era as a fascinating aberration of divinity, but ultimately, nothing more than a cul-de-sac in the highway of human spirituality and righteousness. But I thought she was just kidding me.
Lying with her there on the bohemian floor, I peeled off my reading glasses, rubbed the corners of my eyes clean and then did the same to my spectacle lenses. Finally I worked up the courage to force the question past my reluctant teeth and out of my hesitant mouth: “Do you think I should meet your parents?” Her face blanched instantly, going even whiter than her usually ashen complexion, and she dismissed right away any such insane suggestions. Truth be known, I was kinda thankful for that, for the fact is, after all my 40-something years on Earth I am still just a lowly student - albeit a credentialed and seriously published student - but I am one nevertheless unlikely to impress any overly protective parents of an only daughter who was vulnerable enough to probably be corrupted forever by a dead-set loser such as me.
A dead-set loser who was usually lost in his own ennui and was more than twice her age, at that. But unlike me, Maria had only just finished her third year of a science degree at the Australian National University in Canberra and was well and truly fatigued. She was starting her honours thesis year and really needed the break to recuperate before commencing the research program planned for her fourth and final year, so a trip to the other side of the world was out of the question. Strewth, the poor little thing couldn’t even get up in the daytime; she was so completely and utterly buggered from her late night swotting.
Maria is intending to finish her major in botany at the Australian National University and foresees a lucrative future in genetic engineering and the patenting of new herbs, whereas I am a PhD student of media and cultural studies at the miserably friendless Melbourne University who had first met her late in the evening after presenting my paper at a conference at ANU several semesters ago.
My presentation was a trite discussion on the significance of the Crucifix in the generic Vampire movie, that is, the many screen versions of Bram Stoker’s Dracula, a book that has never been out of print since its debut in 1897, a novel that was to far exceed any of its modest Irish author’s dreams of literary destiny and immortality.
The day of the conference was a day of striking weather in Canberra, it had been raining so hard, the corrugated iron roofs of the older suburban houses were streaming like pub urinals and from a distance the deluge seemed as solid as sheet metal. Angry streaks of electricity racked the sky and more than one Eucalyptus tree was ripped asunder by killer lightning as the wind made them bow obsequiously to their plant gods, the same ones that could uproot the solid oaks as easily as carrots, if they so desired. It was a day fit for naught but indoor adventures of the cerebral kind.
As it happened, that very evening I encountered my own destiny at the university colloquium. For the fickle Goddess of Fate had reserved for me the ostensibly chance encounter with the beautiful young woman of my (embarrassingly wet teenage) dreams. A woman with warm flesh and hot, coursing blood and one who was to prove equally warm against my sweat-stained flannelette shirt when the thermometer plunged and whose direction in life I was set to forever follow, like a slavering hound chasing an irresistible scent. In the process of only a few hours we each came to know that we belonged to one another, not for one fleeting occasion, but for all our lives. Nay, for all eternity, even. I was suddenly cured of all melancholy, all cynicism, and so, miraculously, was the crap-tastic world also cured.
Her proposed thesis would be titled “The Unheimlich Garlic and its blessed blossoms and blooms”, she told me. I had no idea you were vying for the Crap PhD Title Olympics, I goaded good-naturedly, but then she explained a motivation I could easily relate to. Maria explained that few of the words in the title of her thesis had French equivalents and it was just one little way to mess with the Gallic poseurs who had forced the obfuscating work of Derrida et al upon us.
“Nice”, I said, with sincere appreciation. “I hate reading those pompous French deconstructionists.” And what a light-headed, lightning-fast courtship it was, as I now struggle to recall any of the gallant witticisms I must surely have used to win Maria over. How else could I have done it? Not by sex appeal alone, that’s for sure. But I certainly remember that sex-infused half-smile of hers and the way her black locks flew back so lustily and suddenly when something I’d half expected to sound quite dull came out as inspired and germane. And she was so voluptuous, so enthralling, so captivating. So, so ...  So Goddamn Everything!
Nevertheless, at that stage we two were both just very hard-working tertiary students in the highest ranked research universities for our respective disciplines in the country. Two students who just happened to instantly like each other very much indeed. It happens often enough if you believe the magazines one finds in dentist’s waiting rooms, but in real life it was nothing less than unremarkable, eh.
Of course, I still have a lot to learn about Maria. The “family reasons” had, I initially suspected, a lot to do with her youth, her Catholic upbringing, and, well ... her so atypical chastity. She joked to me, “The Catholic Church offers its women only two choices: Perpetual Virginity or Perpetual Pregnancy. Are you really ready for rug-rats, Sterling?” Well, she had me there ... But ever since I climbed off Richard Branson’s Virgin Blue flight from Canberra before boarding that Bahrain bound Gulf Air jet in Sydney I’ve been asking myself why I took up this offer alone. I, too, am an unprepared virgin. A virgin at international travel, that is.
Time check: I am reviewing these notes now on December the 20th 2008, back in Melbourne, just a few weeks since the auspicious All Souls’ Day when supposedly all the world’s good Catholics commemorate their dead, and when certain of said unhappy dead are suspected of returning to Earth intent on wreaking bloody revenge. But such superstitions are little believed, let alone respected, in mostly secular Australia, and the last few days of Christmas (which is more a celebration of materialistic consumerism than the birth of the founder of Christianity, as everyone surely knows) are to be spent back on campus and let me tell you, they’re an austere and unfriended episode of study-obsessed days.
My supervisor, Professor Lewis, is probably the closest thing I have to a friend in Melbourne. If his pleasure at meeting me was ever feigned then he’s one of the world’s great actors: he always seems glad to see me, even if it means yet another heated discussion about my damn near impossible thesis. But his interest in my private life had never been as believable as when I told him about Maria for the first time. I entered his book-lined office as I had a hundred times before, he offered me the usual cheap instant coffee, and as the kettle began to jump and spit he laid out the mugs embossed with the university crest and a stale opened packet of biscuits. Research students represented a risk in terms of an academic’s career hours as so many research students failed to complete or even submit a gradable thesis, and thus the higher quality refreshments were reserved for more influential guests.
The safely tenured Lewis settled his considerable girth into his favourite armchair, the springs of which had long since given out to his weight (I doubt if he has consulted a set of scales for years), and I began telling him all about the girl I had met at the conference I attended in Canberra. I chopped my hands through the air with slow karate-style movements, organising invisible thoughts into nearly visible ideas, and he listened with commendable patience. Finally the good professor nodded wisely, poured another two cups of the bitter, rubbish coffee and said:
“Be careful, boy. Women are The Devil Incarnate. But more importantly, I think you need to rewrite chapter five and excise chapter six altogether.”
I was instantly livid at this outlandish pedagogy and when I left his office twenty minutes later I was still steaming with self-righteous anger. So although I’ve been back home from the Kingdom of Morocco for only a few days now and after handing in the latest draft of my thesis, I’m finally on an overnight bus headed from Melbourne back to Canberra, where my beloved Maria awaits patiently for my report and where the people speak friendly English and where Islam does not rule.
I am thinking of paying a visit to the church of St. Francis Xavier in Hall where the blessed Madonna is also waiting for me, patiently and dependably as ever. It’s a simple old church, but She doesn’t worry that much about style. And she’s not caring if I have had lapses or doubts. She’s not counting my sins nor even adding up my crimes.
But I did not yet know that before I could kneel before her I was destined to make a return trip to curs’d Morocco. Compelled as if by some delirious thirst, I will be back in North West Africa before the first semester of the 2009 academic year has even started. What follows next in these disjointed notes are further details about my journeys, not just in geographical and cultural terms but in terms of religious enlightenment and in terms of my sacrifice too, during the short weeks prior to my second coming in the land of Arabs and Allah. I am going back to Morocco: a land almost devoid of Crucifixes, if you get my drift, friend Balanda.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER TWO.



Vampire Girl 2. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“She then rose and dried her eyes, and taking a Crucifix from her neck offered it to me. I did not know what to do, for, as an English Churchman, I have been taught to regard such things as in some measure idolatrous …” - Jonathan Harker, a somewhat uncertain Protestant on his first journey to Transylvania, and on his way to becoming a true Catholic believer, in Bram Stoker’s world-famous novel, Dracula, a work that has never been out of print since first published in 1897.

Hmm, I feel there’s something amiss here, that is, there’s something absent in my account of those previous events. I think I may have left out some vitally important aspects of the back story so, please humour me, but let’s return again to the 4th of September 2008, just days after my 46th birthday, on my maiden voyage to Morocco, when I left behind me a typically long, rain seeped, bitterly cold Canberra winter made tolerable only by the gorgeously warm (if still frustratingly virginal) company of the wonderful young Maria.
“Sterling,” she cooed to me so seriously and yet so endearingly, “I can’t declare I will never love another - that would be childish and I’m trying so hard to be a fully grown adult - but I can honestly say that right now I love no other mortal man on Earth as deeply and as surely as I love you.” She continued in a voice as sincere and inviting as a cool, clear, wellspring of promise with, can you believe it!, an extended quote from Sheridan le Fanu’s Carmilla, delivered as artfully as any NIDA graduate in full-on audition mode possibly could:
“Dearest, your heart is wounded; think me not cruel because I obey the irresistible law of my strength and weakness; if your dear heart is wounded, my wild heart bleeds with yours. In the rapture of my enormous humiliation I live in your warm life, and you shall die - die, sweetly die - into mine. I cannot help it; as I draw near to you, you, in your turn, will draw near to others, and learn the rapture of that cruelty, which yet is love; so, for a while, seek to know no more of me and mine, but trust me with all your loving spirit.”
Her performance was stunning, mesmerising. I was stunned. I was mesmerised. She continued in a laughing voice: “So bring me back something nice and, of course, expensive from Morocco, OK, babe?”
Maria’s emerald eyes, as green as freshly shelled garden peas, winked seductively at me and I marvelled at the inexplicable, unbreakable hold she had on my sex. From the very start, it had been her green eyes, set so wide apart and glowing, so darkly translucent, like a pale, blonde lager specially tinted for St. Patrick’s Day and held up to the lighted window panes of a postcard-perfect Irish pub. It was her eyes that glowed like exotic polished jade. It was her eyes that made her immediately likeable to me, indeed, so utterly irresistible to me. As I looked at them I realised I was swimming in them, on the verge of drowning in them, and then her eyes changed before me, taking on in turn all the colours of the sea. I kissed her with my eager, part-Aboriginal tongue and she leant her firm breasted white body against mine and noticed my hardness just below the belt. Giggling, her affection enlarged into a touching display of territorialism, a gesture of devotion if not ownership, as she then touched me with her teeth and gave me the sweetest little love-bite, leaving a purple trophy of a bruise on my Octoroon neck for weeks to follow.
I finger the kiss wound from Maria gingerly as the Morocco-bound plane hurtles through the dazzling atmosphere. And thus I eventually find myself, after short stops in Bahrain and Dubai, arriving alone in famed Casablanca - which looks nothing like the movie.
“Humphrey who?” the Casablancans all ask. After eventually exiting customs, which did not slow the two reputable falconer’s egress at all and where I resist the smart arse urge to state the Wildean “Nothing but my genius to declare”, I stumble into the country of heat-stroke and Gandooras and decide to buy a frozen orange juice from a dirt-encrusted young boy on the side of the street outside the airport. He starts with alarm when I catch his shifty black eye as he sits there jealously guarding his polystyrene esky full of potential income.
After the artificial cool inside the airport terminal, the heat of daytime Casablanca is like a king-hit to the forehead, a sledgehammer to the scone, a crash-landing to the cerebellum. It’s so oppressive that I actually feel for a moment unable to breathe. Before leaving Australia I had exercised my formidable google-fu, the premier martial art of this cyber age, and my advanced searches on the Internet had told me that at this time of the year temperatures would rarely drop below 30° C during the day in the country that its 32 million Arab and Muslim inhabitants call Maghreb el-Aqsa, but I shrug nonchalantly. God’s End gets hot, too.
But this Moroccan heat is unreal. This heat is otherworldly. This heat is the real deal that is North West Africa.
The street urchin cringes as I hand over my freshly exchanged coinage for the not quite refreshing enough citrus beverage. I down it in one greedy gulp and soon feel lights swirling in my head, a strange giddiness between my temples, and I figure it’s either the mother of all brain freezes from the slushy iced orange or else my exposure to the novel African microbiology has begun. Feeling a wee bit hazy. My thoughts becoming progressively imprecise and tangential. Things that should not ambulate, like light-poles and kerb-ways, seem to be moving, fluctuating. Sidestepping the world in increments so small most would say they were simply scintillating under the heat. I suspect I am becoming more attuned to the lives of an inanimate reality, a normally unobserved, jejune universe, although the impulses of my mind and body are loath to coincide.
Taking a red robin-breasted petit taxi to the filthy main bus station. Checking in my baggage for the next day’s journey. Gawking at the waiting passengers who are gawking right back at me. Paying for the insurance and it seems fair enough. Pocketing the chit, although swaying on my feet. Ignoring the sliding doors as they accuse me of cowardice. Swimming through an oscillating mirage, full of ghosts and apparitions. Taking down on a scrap of paper a shimmering French woman’s hurried and frightened directions to the Youth Hostel. She doesn’t want to appear rude but she obviously wants scary me to get away from her as fast as possible. I do her a favour and hurry off but I lose my footing on the rolling street.
Around a towering mountain of jacaranda blossoms the two wrinkled black women are softly twittering to each other, as they empty their dilly bags full of the purple flowers onto the breathing, indistinct heap. They are laughing and warm. There is a conveyor belt from the mineshafts delivering more petals to their side, and fumes from the smelter drift into the hot Isa air, while my mother, who was one of the aunties, says: “Weelow. That not a good bird for you, Sterling,” and her dilly bag - although it is woven from bulrushes and is not really entitled to an opinion - pipes up, grinning, and repeats: “Not a good bird for you, Sterling”. Then the wind finds its musical momentum and the educated blossoms fly away in a misty mauve blanket and my mother spreads her wings and climbs high into the solid sky and a man in a tight white turban is helping me to my feet, making chirruping sounds as if I were an injured child.
It all seems to be happening as in a dream, I tell him. A day-Dream. A half-DREAM, and I do believe I’m shouting. But sometimes a dream is all a man has, although too often the nightmares enter and toss you about brutally. Goddamn it, why can’t you understand me, you bastard, all you bastards, and so I meander and spin along the underpinning avenues of Casablanca, unanswered.
After some two to three hours of staring in amusement at the strangely dressed locals and sampling bite by testy bite of the Tajine and giant olives and Couscous and other Moroccan delicacies from the many street stalls where I order my repast with unenthusiastic sign language, I finally find a door to understanding. Quite suddenly, Casablanca opens up for me. Darkness has come and the empty but still illuminated temples of commerce watch innocuously from the otherwise dark skyline. Their floor to ceiling windowed eyes are seeing all but comprehending nothing and I feel superior to every synthetic thing that is there.
Ah, but that, now that smells good, as I sense something truly appetising at last. My bloodstream is suddenly rinsed with adrenaline, the hormone of fight or flight, and I can feel the fine courage crystallising on my lips.
The metallic scent of blood wafts towards me, I guess, from a block or more away, drawing me ineluctably in its direction. As I turn the corner I espy two youngish female tourists. They are under-dressed African-Americans and are both (typically) quite stout, that is, I should not hesitate to say, they are morbidly obese, with tyres of adipose spilling over their belts. Their swollen bodies are slowly but relentlessly obeying the dictates of gravity and are well and truly heading south. If I could ever get my arms to equal theirs in girth I would win Mr. Universe.
The blue-black soul sistas, with their braided faux hair weaves and horn-like painted toenails, are emitting the unmistakeably pungent aroma of menstruation, checked only fractionally by recently positioned lavender scented sanitary pads. Such a funk is emanating from their frizzy Negro apertures, the smell threatens my consciousness and all but overpowers my will to remain standing with its corporeal solidity. I can almost taste the sanguine velvet flowing out from between their cellulite legs and, both confused and disgusted, I turn on my heels and run. Perhaps, though, ‘flee’ is a more accurate descriptor.
Away from the malodorous women and their leaking nether regions I feel calmer, more composed, but even hungrier. Somehow, and not in due course, of course, I find the Casablancan Youth Hostel, so picturesque with its high white-washed walls, blue shuttered windows and gabled roof, looking as if it had been lifted straight from a Bavarian village. And within its European walls are its proprietors who surprisingly speak almost no English, only French and Arabic. They know a little German, however, and I thank myself for having learnt at least one European tongue at high school.
“Ich moechte eine kleine raum, bitte.” is my clumsy Deutsch request for a bed and I hand over the dirham - equivalent to just two and a half Australian dollars - and duly receive a key to a four-bed dormitory, attached to a rectangle of Perspex big and heavy enough to play cricket with. There, in the shared room, I meet my three co-habitants for the evening.
They are all - surprise, surprise - much younger than I. It is a Youth Hostel after all. None of them, it would eventuate, can bat or bowl to save their lives, so the key ring is to remain under-utilised during our conviviality. With his naturally (I assume) blonde hair and piercing blue eyes, Lars is quite obviously Scandinavian. Norway I think he said. He is tall but narrow-shouldered and is headed for Tangiers where he intends to catch the two-hour ferry to Spain before bussing it back to his homeland.
A modern day Viking, he probably likes to think, but the Celtic tattoos criss-crossing his arms have bugger all to do with pre-Christian Scottish or Irish mythology but everything to do with brain-dead, sheep-like fashion, which his trendy wardrobe suggests he spends the best part of his student allowance on. Every item of clothing he wears is prominently emblazoned with a brand name and I cynically advise him, as I mentally itemise the cost of his wardrobe, to send an invoice for his fees to the advertising agents of G Star Raw, Nike, Guess, Von Dutch et al. He doesn’t understand my joke at all and scowls as much as his pretty blonde face will permit, and I realise he will continue, for the rest of his life, to do whatever he thinks the rest of the chichi flock are doing.
So Lars the sheep is on leave from college and despite only being in the country a week has already discovered a cheap source of Moroccan hashish. With red-tinged, glassy blue eyes he giggles girlishly as he explains in his broken English how plentiful the drug is, but how nigh on impossible it is to buy a simple beer on the streets of small town Islamic Morocco.
Lars explains that alcohol is Haram, that is, forbidden by the holy Koran, so he hands around his hash pipe generously. Lars is apparently going to be a hot shot Norwegian lawyer some day and so, while he can, he thumbs dope into the cone like a pro.
And also there in the dorm room is the fashion-challenged Andy, a softly overweight and prematurely balding French Canadian, who is going to be a heart surgeon, but that’s all the information I manage to glean from him in his strangely American and French accented English. He doesn’t know (or at least won’t say) where he is headed and he looks that way, dressed in an orange nylon track suit.
Rounding out the mismatched trio, Pete is a pale skinned, mousy haired ‘pommy bastard’ (as I jokingly refer to him all night). His tee shirt confirms his claim that he has just returned from two weeks of smoking joints in Jimmy Hendrix’s 60s house at Diabat, nearby my seaside destination of Essaouira, and he sings a little of “Castles Made of Sand” until we all tell him good-naturedly to shut it. Pete and I joke a bit about cricket and the Ashes but we discuss little else.
Lars soon becomes bored with our repartee about sports that are not played in his beloved Alps and starts tapping away at his travel diary in his Apple laptop, uploading photos for his friends to envy. He absentmindedly runs an appreciative hand over the aluminium encased computer.
“You seem rather fond of that device,” I observe. “Like a pet, is it?” Once again, my urbane humour goes right over the blonde head of my newly made Norwegian acquaintance, whom I am beginning to suspect is not the sharpest knife in the kitchen drawer.
The sunburn on Pete’s face evens out the fiery red of his acne and as the conversation wears him down he explains he is going to enlist in the British army. What else can he do, he desperately pleads, without even a high school diploma to his name? My body language probably expresses disapproval but I disrespect him not for being uneducated but rather for his choice of life-defining career. He will be Britain’s cannon fodder in Iraq or Afghanistan or wherever the next economy driven war is to be played out next. No, I won’t take down his email address because I will never get around to visiting England, I state firmly. But thanks anyway, good old cobber me mate.
They all ask me many questions about Australia and confess to never having even heard of Australian Aborigines. I take no offence, but. With the help of Lars’ hash pipe and three hostel-delivered, nearly-but-not-quite-pepperoni pizzas we chatter the evening away and in due course we each take to our bunk beds and sleep soundly despite the uneasy tension that inevitably coincides with the close proximity of strangers whom, because of unlikely union, have each revealed just a bit too much about themselves.
I, as usual, after the sporting badinage grew tiresome, had spoken a little too much of my faraway Maria and was already starting to miss her easy, feminine company.
As I enter that timeless pre-sleep zone, I wonder what shade of black she might be wearing tonight and what instructions she would be whispering to me in her lilting, dulcet tones if I were there with her.
Anything but lilting, dulcet tones are issuing from Pete’s nostrils, however, and the stertorousness of his snoring is getting annoying. But as a pure, gentle sleep finally overtakes me in that Casablanca Youth Hostel, I somehow feel comforted by Her Presence.
A dream starts to form and I wonder to myself if, had I not pursued pro footy, I’d have made a good real estate agent back in Australia. Scouting for suburban castles for some rich Whitefella folks, maybe …

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER THREE.


Alpha Vampire Girl.  Copyright D. Bruno Starrs 2012.

“Harker returns to Transylvania under conditions which are the complete opposite of those of his first trip - instead of being alone, unsure, and Protestant, he is now in a group, experienced, and quasi-Catholic.” - Wixson, K. ‘Dracula: An Anglo-Irish novel’, in Dracula: The Shade and the Shadow, Westcliff-on-Sea, UK: Desert Island, 1998: 254.

And lo, Good Reader, that night in the Casablanca Youth Hostel was to be a significant milestone on de Bortoli’s sad and slippery downhill slide. In a perspiration-sheened, semi-conscious daze, with a labouring and confused brain, the part-Aboriginal man who believed in a quaint admixture of Dreamtime and Christian mythology had carried out Maria’s instructions without question. The directives arrived in his head unsought around a quarter past three in the pewter-coloured Moroccan morning, and he conducted himself with machine-like precision.
He awoke and hoped that she loved him. He knew that whatever she felt for him he loved her far more. But then he was the type who would hear a whole future together in the most innocent of sentences and so he was in her thrall entirely. If asked he would state that he believed in love, and he would make the claim the way some men claim to believe in leprechauns. Before him the darkened room turned under his gaze like a jewel and he swung out into the Casablancan night, silent and deadly, with a broken-necked boy tucked under his arm as if it were a satchel. Eyes splintering into a dozen sentinels, he made off like an eager criminal and the whole black sky trembled on his skin.
And then it was eighteen hours before he had his sensibilities back together again. He had politely and quietly bid farewell to Lars, Andy and the French couple behind the counter at the Youth Hostel in Casablanca. But Pete had inexplicably disappeared in the interim and de Bortoli was now the only ‘westerner’ aboard a fume-belching, non air-conditioned bus west-bound for Essaouira (he was of course, being from Australia, technically an Easterner, and he vainly wondered if he was not headed in the direction of home? He also wondered if, as he was now in the country known as al-Mamlaka al-Magribiyya, which translates from the Arabic to ‘The Western Kingdom’, he should perhaps cease thinking of himself as a westerner?).
The creaking old bus seemed to stop every ten kilometres or so, expelling an exasperated pneumatic groan, and then he’d disembark for a cigarette or a quick slurp of some more socially acceptable refreshment compared to that which he’d partaken of the night before.
Upon his arrival in the small city of Safi, where the bus driver was scheduled to take a one hour lunch stop while the passengers could apparently stay asleep onboard or fend for themselves in the frugal waiting room, de Bortoli peeled his sweaty limbs from the hot vinyl seat. It was still only around three quarters of the way to his eventual destination and he asked with good manners to check his luggage in the coach’s baggage compartment below because he needed some cooler clothing. Despite the faded curtains on the bus’s windows, he also wanted his dark sunglasses because the seamless glare of the Moroccan sun, which occupied the whole insouciant sky, was irritating him and threatening all kinds of unhappy consequences.
The primeval, ancient change had begun and was so subtle it felt no less natural to de Bortoli than a slightly feverish headache.
Yea, Good Reader, the malignancy in Morocco was well on its way as a god unknown to de Bortoli began to bare His slash Her slash Its jagged and horribly un-flossed teeth.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER FOUR.



Vampire Girl 4. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.
“In his most basic perversion of Catholic lore, Count Dracula is the figurative Anti-Christ who promises eternal life through the ingestion not of sacramental wine representing the blood of Christ, but of actual human blood.” - Sterling de Bortoli in “Envisioning an Indulgence: Dracula (1897) and Van Helsing (2004),” Traffic, University of Melbourne Postgraduate Association, 5, 2004: 68.

Time seems to have shifted in a rudely belched convulsion of meaning. Points of view had skewed. Tenses are now warped. And yet this thing, which seems a lot like my life, goes on, although now I am looking back on it, as if I have somehow earned the luxury of retrospect.
And I remember that my heart almost stopped when a slow half hour after enquiring re the whereabouts of my luggage the moustachioed Safi Station Master - with his sad, sagging jowls - finally confessed that my kit was no longer on board ... but he thought it might, just might, have been accidentally stowed on the next day’s bus from Casablanca and I should patiently wait here in Safi for it.
“Well. Shit. Fuckety fuck fuck fuck!” I said to myself, ineloquently and out loud, for my good manners no longer seemed necessary. I wasn’t sure of exactly what to do about this unwelcome conundrum: in my possession was only a shoulder bag containing a little cash in mostly US greenbacks; some Moroccan dirham exchanged en route in the Bahrain airport; my emergency fund of five hundred Australian dollars (almost a whole fortnight’s dole payment from my benefactor in Centrelink!); my Australian passport; my mobile phone with its cheap camera app; and the sweat-drenched clothes that clung to my broad and brawny back. Gone - possibly forever - were the rest of my clothing; my 3CCV digital video camera by Sanyyo and my Tooshiba laptop computer (both on loan from the University of Melbourne library’s audio-visual department. Jesus Christ, cheese’n rice, the late fees I’ll have to someday pay!); my ultra-lite sleeping bag; and my range of toiletries (hey, a man’s gotta at least try to be metrosexual!). Also gone was the travel voucher that would permit me to utilise Maria’s prize of the escorted camel trip across the Atlas Mountains to the western edge of the Sahara desert.
The overweight, panting Station Master managed to look shifty and, simultaneously, embarrassed:
“Do not to worry!” he said. And stood there, breathing, as if he had every right to.
Enraged and desperate, I started shouting over and over again one of the few hopefully useful French words I knew; “Gendarme! Gendarme! Get me the Gendarme!” Maria’s travel win didn’t include optional extras and I hadn’t bought any non-compulsory anything, let alone travel insurance. Yes, I know: stupid of me. The Station Master wiped the perspiration from his sloping forehead, hooked his non-opposable thumbs into his pockets and repeated his earlier advice, still without any of the required grammatical corrections: “Do not to worry.”  His one fortunate skill, it appeared, was the ability to banish all relevant or useful thought entirely from his head.
His mealy-mouthed attempts at pacification failed. To use the parlance of today’s American TV culture influenced youth, ‘I totally, like, freaked’, and as subtle as a bulldozer, I immediately but relatively calmly instigated a very serene and composed episode of loudly expressed panic:
“STUFF YOU, YOU STINKING MOHAMMEDAN! YOU MONGREL-ROOTING MOOZ-LIM ARSEHOLE! THAT LUGGAGE IS VERY FUCKING VALUABLE TO ME AND CANNOT BE REPLACED! I AM HEREBY ORDERING YOU TO RETURN IT, YOU GREASY TURD-EATING ARABIAN FUCKWIT, OR … ”
I paused to suck in another big lungful of Moroccan air, before resuming, with the instinctive rancour of a truculent child, to pound the eardrums of that poor Moroccan fool:
“ … OR THERE WILL SOON EVENTUATE A MOST UNPLEASANT INTERACTION BETWEEN YOUR UGLY ISLAMIC FACE AND MY SLEDGEHAMMER AUSSIE FIST!”
The resulting silence from the Station Master sang an oft-heard tune called dishonour played to the syncopated downbeat of embarrassment and it wasn’t particularly musical to my ears. My bilious din, I imagined, cowed the recipient until he was like an institutionalised juvenile miscreant expecting six of the best. He knew not the answers but would take my vitriol on board regardless.
I knew my xenophobic fantod was not acceptable for a man claiming to be civilised, mature and educated, as I occasionally do claim to be, and probably was not going to help me in the slightest but I just couldn’t stop myself. It was if pure malice had been poured into my unsuspecting ear canal, like a draught of warm but infected olive oil (as per Claudius’ doomed brother). I had developed a growing tendency towards recklessness, meanness and incautious abandon. As if the lives of neither myself nor my new Islamic acquaintances even mattered a jot in the grand scheme of things, as long as I could be satisfied, even if I did not yet know where satiation lay. As if I had been possessed by the demented soul of a maddened addict, I was soon seeking out an appropriate stupefacient, desperate enough to try any nostrum offered.
The Station Master flinched at my vicious words, although it was obvious his English comprehension ability was limited. He fawned below me before, in what was obviously the only thing his tiny brain could come up with, offering me a placating Moroccan imitation of a Marlboro cigarette, and although my preferred smoke was a Winnie Red, I succumbed and accepted the fag, for I needed to alter my unhappy consciousness somehow, even if it was just with tobacco. But that didn’t mean I was gonna stop shouting any time soon, oh, no, buddy boy, me old boy-oh.
Thus, I was still ranting and raving but, admittedly, almost out of breath when the Safi Chief of Police and his men arrived. They tore towards us in what probably passed for a V-8 muscle machine here in Safi and rubber-burned to a stop just centimetres from where the Station Master and I were standing on the footpath.
But although it was a dramatic, tyre-smoking, attention-gaining arrival, they came not with stamping and “What’s all this then?, but were rather shuffling, apologetic, all awaiting their next order, any order from the man who was obviously their all-powerful Safi Chief of Police. Obeying each and every letter of rank and stripe, they shifted weight anxiously from foot to foot, huffed and sighed, bit back their nails. Bit back their negative thinking. Bit back their say-too-much tongues. Dealing with foreigners was not a common event and their uncertainty showed and they would do naught until the Chief ordered them.
For the cornered animal in me, however, the Chief of Police’s presence merely permitted a chance to replenish my energy reserves. And so, as I restored my temporarily diminished lung capacity, I waited for the situation to be explained by the Station Master to the local law enforcement officer in his unintelligible rapid-fire Darija, what I have since learned is the neighbourhood dialect of the country’s Arabian language.
But a sweet little voice inside of my head was telling me to stay angry and loud for we are above these lesser humans. Our mission will see us through minor obstacles such as this, she stated, and we must never seem weak or ineffectual. I took another drag on the fake Marlboro, and so, re-activated by her words, stimulated by the nicotine that beat a path through the dense fug of my angry brain and buoyed by the amusement I felt at witnessing the local transport official’s belittling interlude with the local law enforcement official, I then launched again into a blustery, spluttering rage, interspersed with moments of relative despair and despondency. “Look, here’s my frikkin’ receipt! I paid an extra twenty dirham for you to secure my bags and you don’t even know where the bloody hell they are?” And back to victim status: “What am I gonna do now? My whole life is in those bags! Irreplaceable um, well … things!” Swinging like an emotional pendulum, I then ratcheted up the anger even more: “You are gonna pay for this big time! You are gonna get my stuff back or I’ll sue your pathetic lousy arse off!” As an acid afterthought: “I will see you in court and I will bankrupt this entire fucking railway service!” And then - wasn’t this fun! - reverting again to victim status: “My only photograph of my dead mother is in those bags. You’ve stolen my very childhood! My poor, suffering mum, may she forever rest in peace!”
Overall, and despite the victim role I was overplaying in fun-to-do turns, I actually was really quite annoyed about the incident, to say the least, but then the Police Chief had an almost tranquillising effect upon the tumult within me as he squeezed out a smile so serene I could not help but wonder if he was pursuing religious orders in his spare time. But the smile began to give the impression of having leaked out of him and onto his face against his will, as toothpaste does from a split tube, and his appearance grew untrustworthy. He had a part in his hair like the Princes Highway at midnight and his dapper little moustache with waxed tips quivered hypnotically over vanilla teeth as he addressed me in fluent (if French-accented) English. Despite his well-practiced Arabian charm, I nevertheless resented his soothing calmness and, yes, part of me already knew I was going to kill him at the first available opportunity and thence dine upon his faux vitality.
Unaware that his sorry fate had already been sealed and with eyes insincere and glassy like a trout, the Police Chief tried diplomacy: “As-salaamu alaykum. Welcome to Safi, Monsieur de Bortoli. I apologise for the inconvenience caused by the temporary loss of your luggage. It is a terrible embarrassment to the people of Morocco.”
With his left hand, the Safi town marshal conferred conspiratorially with his limp hair, drawing away a thread of something viscous, most likely a strand of congealed Californian Poppy, which was stuck there upon his palm.
He then pushed an ice-cold Pepsi into my still angrily shaking grip, told me his name was Mohammed and gently persuaded me - by way of his oil slickened left hand to my lower back - to accompany him, reluctantly, to a bare but thankfully air-conditioned office at the side of the bus station where a ceiling fan slowly chopped the cool air unnecessarily. Black-uniformed police were now swarming all over the place like hungry little sugar ants and I felt some satisfaction that it was I who had secured all this attention. And then Mohammed gave an inch in our battle of wits as he assured me I would be looked after until I could resume my journey.
Drawing deeply on the cheap tobacco smoke, then exhaling from my quivering nostrils twin plumes that wafted away lazily, peacefully, and then pulling with gusto just as deeply on the caffeinated cola, I wondered what could possibly happen next in this Moroccan boys-own adventure of mine. OK, so if nearly all my gear was gone, could I even continue with this holiday, or rather, I should say, with Maria’s itinerary? Could I truly survive in this strange land until return travel arrangements to Oz were actualised?
The gas from the carbonated drink made me loudly burp and the Police Chief smiled placidly in admiration, the arrogant edge of his lip crawling fractionally higher up his blunt incisors.
I glanced at my watch, feeling the acid surge of cola, bile and some unidentifiable pickled vegetable-like taste combine in my mouth. It was nearly three hours since I had climbed down from the now long departed coach and with this ominous eructation from my belly I reluctantly decided to relent to the slippery charm of my accidental host.
“Well, then, Mr. Mohammed … I suppose you’d better take me to a hotel. And it better be a bloody good one!” I insisted frostily, as I smiled sarcastically with overt resignation and the ever-so-perceptible warning of an unstable yet formidable force which was not to be toyed with.
The Safi Chief of Police said of course, and the Station Master in his embroidered white skullcap, frayed blue collar and sardine-stained black tie relaxed visibly. “Yes, yes,” he whined uselessly. Mohammed immediately scowled at his inferior and the Station Master hurried off with a lowered gaze to make the necessary phone call.
Police Chief Mohammed’s features then unfolded into the oiliest, emptiest of smiles and he explained how genuinely concerned everyone was and how Safi was not a bad place to stay for a day or two and how the beach this time of year was lovely and how he could get me a good price at the ceramics market which was world renown he said, despite the lack of information (he knew) on Safi in my Only A Planet guide-book and how the good folk of his home town would welcome me with outstretched arms.
Would their necks be outstretched also, that rather unfriendly part of me wondered, for what was a micro-second of debauched daydreaming.
Now, I should inform you that the Only A Planet travel guide rated my own home town of Canberra as the world’s second least favourite city, after Ciudad Juarez on the Mexican border with the U. S. of America, with its lawless roads and horror show of narco-mayhem, so I opened myself up to the possibility that the guide was negligent and that Safi might hold some undiscovered treasures their journalists had yet to reveal. If they were so wrong about Australia’s national capital they could be wrong about this town, too. I decided to be happy with my circumstances and soon a genuine grin clutched at my face as I relented to a set of circumstances I couldn’t change. Before long, with said enforced smile on my dial, I was, indeed, as happy as a dog with two tails to wag. A testament to the psychological tenet that action precedes emotion. I smiled and I became happy.
But in the few minutes after the Police Chief’s tourism-inspired spiel ended, whilst I waited for the taxi, grinning there like a retarded drongo, I remembered that what I really needed was some cooler clothing. My Levis were drenched and sticking to my weight-trainer’s thighs like an uncomfortable second skin.
Blue jeans and the red checked flannelette shirt were almost all I ever wore in Melbourne or Canberra, under an insulating layer of thick woollen overcoat against the morning snow and crunching frost if I was hunting for feral wildlife on the old man’s farm in the cold-stinging winter, or untucked and flapping in the dry of the National Capital’s parched summer. And indeed, it was almost my daily uniform at the University of Melbourne where it sometimes seemed unceasingly half autumn and half winter: Observers of my sartorial style would note the eighteen holed, nearly knee-high, steel-toed black leather boots, my black biro graffiti-ed denim jeans tucked into the menacing footwear, and the afore-mentioned ubiquitous workman’s red and black checked flannelette shirt that strained to cover my upper body’s muscularity. Every day, every lecture, every meeting with my PhD supervisor, Professor Lewis. Maybe a bandanna if I couldn’t be bothered with doing my hair. Or, in a nod to Kubrick’s film A Clockwork Orange, a battered black bowler hat.
Yes, my costume made me look like a cross between a country bumpkin hick who liked AC/DC more than Lee Kernaghan and a posturing Nazi skinhead wanna-be who liked death metal music at least as much as Ludwig von, and I guess that was kind of what I actually was. But hey, not a racist like those neo-Nazi skinheads, that is (although I acknowledge that the visage may well have suggested that offensive front to most), and my difficult-to-classify facade caught the eye of more than one or two first year arts girlies.
But my intimidating outfit certainly made people think twice about provoking me. For although I pumped iron regularly, even ‘religiously’ (and isn’t that an inappropriate word for something as prosaic an activity as the repetitive lifting of heavy weights?), I hesitated to repeat the Michael Jackson ‘falsetto’ (and isn’t that an appropriate word for the high-pitched denials of a dead pederast?) mantra; “I’m a lover, not a fighter” - unless unavoidably backed into a corner of the bar by some anaesthetised yobbo looking for a bit of biffo to impress his equally drunken galahs for mates.
Generally I avoid violence on or near campus: it just makes life so much more complicated what with the university authorities and all. I am not by nature a trouble-maker, racist or thug. I dislike no one on account of his or her skin colour or ethnicity, coz I am an Abo crossed with a wog, after all - but it just takes a little unapologetic stupidity to alienate and disenfranchise me to the extent where my pilot flame of umbrage ignites my pressurised storage tank of fury. Then can be expected an explosion of sheer brutality towards the small-minded people with their facile preoccupations and such violence becomes an option I can barely resist.
Of course, if I ever do choose that sadistic course of action, it is an option at which I invariably excel. Sometimes, in previous years, whilst still a gormless undergraduate student, my off-campus brawling actually did take up the best part of an evening’s uncultured entertainment, but I was always careful to keep my acts of pugnacity out of sight from the all-seeing surveillance video cameras the homicide and serious assault detectives can count on, these days, to be constantly recording. If necessary, I could quickly move along, ‘garn on for a gargle’ at another crowded drinking hole and changing into a fresh, pre-packed, non-bloodied tee-shirt from out of my shoulder satchel en route. Sometimes, too, I had to swallow my pride and take a small measure of the blame. For, occasionally a punter effervescently in his cups would try for a conversation.
In pubs, I always listen carefully. Not out of interest but as a precaution. The commas and ellipses in the speaker’s sentences, the brisk intake of a steadying breath or the furtive glance over the rim of a beer glass before a particularly controversial or vivid remark is let loose like a rudderless boat on the churning sea of our conversation: all these cues are mentally noted before my facial expression can change and give away my thoughts. As a practiced listener I can thusly encourage more and more candour in my companion’s confessions by showing no sign whatsoever of being personally offended or scandalised. But sometimes the clues I get indicate a disturbing psychology, a desperate absence of self-esteem, a level of mental retardation that alerts me to the fact I am in the presence of a volatile yobbo.
With neither help nor encouragement that yobbo might persist to the extent his overt friendliness becomes irritating. But he can’t or won’t take the hint when my eyes wander or I become slowly unresponsive. His joviality may have been well-intended, but the long Fuck Off look is either met with his apologetic exit - in which case, problem solved - or his uppity resentment. So then the alcoholised yobbo takes a swing at me and that’s when it is on for young and old. By which I mean on for him and me.
But apart from releasing claret from the faces of disrespectful youths overloaded with testosterone and Victoria Bitter or smashing the egos and self-righteous noses of power tripping footy stars celebrating the day’s win in bars and nightclubs or giving the Samoan bouncer community a bit of their own medicine, I liked art-house movies and hotted-up EH Holdens and shooting big feral pigs or even bigger feral Sambar deer at God’s End (the old man’s farm, remember?) with my scope-fitted little Czechoslovakian Brno .22 and fly fishing for rainbow trout, Murray cod or yellowbelly in and around Canberra and real man sports like Aussie Rules and watching the cricket in stubbies and thongs with a slab or two at my side in the summer and girls with nice - but natural - tits but without too many brains and weight-lifting to the point of failure with drop sets, super sets and forced reps and dreaming of one day building a mud-brick house with an underground wine cellar at God’s End and hard rock slash metal music and I guess all the above showed, especially when I gelled my short brown hair into spikes or rolled up my sleeves to reveal my hard biceps and vascular forearms. Nope, I was never mistaken for a sensitive, naïve first year arts student. Although I actually once was, of course, many, many years ago. But the little people in the bars, gin joints and dance halls always mistook me for something far less intelligent and formidable than I was, whenever I could actually afford to go out drinking. They just didn’t get me and that got me … well, annoyed.
Nevertheless, in metropolitan Melbourne, Australia, I knew the game I was playing at and if survival was winning then I invariably won. If, sometimes, only just. I was still breathing and out of the attention of the police, wasn’t I?
So I waited with my greater than average Aussie arrogance alongside my personally assigned police guide. A few minutes, he said, before we could catch a cab from the bus station into Safi town proper. The Chief of Police had apologised again as he left, thrusting his embossed, ivory-coloured business card with scalloped edges into my still enraged and slightly shaking hands all the while assuring me that his cloying subaltern Abdul would look after my every need and whim.
This weathered looking little man with his traditionally clipped Moroccan beard and turban (not quite looking right atop his gold braided police epaulettes and black tie) was obviously devoted to his job and he obsequiously stuttered out some English: “I take you to hotel near Chateau de Mer? OK?” he said, with a not unexpected degree of fear and astonishment in his eyes, as we climbed into the cab. He continued to scratch around for words: “OK wis you, meestah duh Bootooli? Chateau de Mer?,” poor stupid Abdul queried, hoping for a sign he was doing things correctly, even as he committed an appalling act of orthoepy regarding the pronunciation of my name.
“Chateau de Mer,” I slowly repeated like a caged Indian mynah bird, before wondering silently to myself. Hmm, Chateau de Mer. That’s French, right? Umm, castle? Castle by the sea? What kind of mediaeval place was this town of Safi?
As I speculated, the tiny taxi, which was so dilapidated it would have been decommissioned decades ago in any other country, careered down the wrong side of the road from the bus station, and suddenly the bright blue of the Atlantic Ocean sprang brilliantly into view like the next slide in the world’s best PowerPoint presentation. I instinctively reached into my satchel for my Ray Ban aviators but then remembered the sunglasses were still with my wayward luggage.
I squinted into the dazzling, breathless sunlight that shone through the faint snow of motes and infinitesimally small dust particles suspended in the warm Moroccan air as the taxi laboured on. A bend was rounded, but only barely, and a helmet-less army of Peugeot moped riders swerved the headlong red Fiat minicab and then, suddenly, there it was.
The Castle, The Castle.
I consulted the one page tourist brochure I had grabbed at the bus station. As one of many shiny jewels celebrating the Portuguese conquest studding the North African coastline, the building of Chateau de Mer was completed in 1523, and it sits just two hundred metres from where they built the first cathedral in North Africa (known then and now as St. Catherine’s), right here in the original cradle of Catholic civilisation of Maghreb, as the land is referred to in the Arabic language.
The castle was raised just a few optimistic decades before the Spanish sovereigns Ferdinand IV and Isabella de Bourbon exultantly destroyed the Muslim Moors who had been threatening their treasured European homeland. Its slave made grandeur, with scars in the stone from where the steel had gone in, suggested much Portuguese backbone had been forced to labour under whip and dominion.
An architectural triumph, its presence was a vision intended to lord over the subjugated Arabs for an era of great duration. But it was now centuries since the Catholic colonisers had left North Africa, defeated, their buildings now a-crumble and their forces much more than decimated. A fallen, once conquering Christian Empire. Like the Romans long before them, the monument-building colonising Portuguese were also long, long gone.
But everything changes, of course, as bold history writes each new page, for while the deserts resist documenting, the oases and shorelines hunger for alteration. Thus the Berbers were led by the war-like Riff tribesmen in 1922 to a short-lived conquest of the Spanish occupiers until the Spaniards combined forces with the French and overthrew their Republic in 1926. France finally conceded rule of the land to the Moroccans in 1957 but politicking continues and France may yet again find it in her best interests to force Morocco into subservience as a Francophile colony. For now, however, Morocco was a rarity in the Muslim world, being a country not currently ravaged by war, as the judicious Maria knew well enough.
And flush with ambition in these rare circumstances I found myself authoring pages in the biography of Morocco. And as it would transpire, so too was my Maria. Writing as we colonised together, like Captain Cook and his first mate in Botany Bay.
There were no more Crucifixes to be seen among the crumbled ruins of St. Catherine’s past moment, which was hidden in the labyrinth alleyways of the high-walled Medina, behind all the sardine sellers and slipper salesmen and far beneath the soaring minarets of the nearby central Mosque, but, regardless, the castle on the shore was lasting, permanent and inescapable. Impenetrable. Impregnable.
No, not quite. It was almost impregnable. Until a few years ago (when the risk of 20th Century falling debris from triturating 16th Century parapets threatened Safi’s civil burghers with crippling lawsuits), tourists could buy an over-priced ticket giving access to all but its most off-limits subterranean catacombs and regardless of his or her religious leanings, the tourist could walk the grounds of the Portuguese stronghold without risk of a sharpened pike ever being thrust at them. But now tourist access was forbidden while high above the bustling city the red-roofed turrets and ramparts of the castle still bristled with centuries old cannon encrusted with the green patina of time. As ever, the freezing waters of the Atlantic churned relentlessly at the base of the incredibly rock-solid and sun burnt citadel, caring not if tourists either came or went. Caring not if they were Muslim or Infidel or even Aboriginal Australian. Slots in the thick stonework of the frowning red barbican were designed to permit flintlock rifles to be aimed without exposing the Catholic colonisers to assault from the rebellious local Moors whom could be expected to unexpectedly attack at any time. It was an impressive fortress, then and now, to say the least.
Chateau de Mer. Chateau de Mer.
The Fucking Big Castle By The Fucking Big Sea.
Through my research readings and film screenings at university, I already knew that cinema auteur Orson Welles had shot most of his black and white 1952 adaptation of Shakespeare’s Othello in nearby Essaouira (that was a big factor in me taking this trip and I had intended to include a visit to Essaouira’s Portuguese ramparts. Ah, Balanda, you wouldn’t have picked a meathead like me for an erudite fan of Shakespeare, hey? Oh, yeah, especially those murderous tragedies …), but I soon realised Welles could just have easily filmed his Othello here in Safi along the battlements of one of the greatest Monuments to Ostentatious Catholic proselytisation since the Crusades.
And my humble hotel was directly opposite it.
The Castle, The Castle. Whisper the words.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER FIVE.



Vampire Girl 5. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“ … he bore himself through it like a moral Viking.” - Dr. Seward in Bram Stoker’s Dracula (1897).

I clambered out of the minute taxi, bruising my over-sized shoulder on the under-sized door-frame and pretended not to notice my Arabian guide, Abdul, who was paying the driver in cold Moroccan cash from his own cold, fraying pocket. The fawning little man would get used to me expecting the Royal Treatment, unless my estranged baggage was soon found. Call me an ugly tourist, but I wasn’t going to be anyone’s Moroccan doormat and pay for that crap laden privilege, too. Not until I’d gotten all my gear back from these thieving Muslims would I start paying my own way, without hubris, unless it was totally unavoidable. Plus I assumed Abdul would only pay the local rate and not the grossly inflated foreigner’s rate I’m sure I would have been gypped by if on my un-chaperoned own-some. And besides, right now, I just can’t drag my peepers off that colossal red citadel.
The Castle, The Castle. Whisper the words over and over, Sterling.
Huge, hulking, almost sulking as it sits in its Islamic dunce’s corner, the castle is not the dusty, red ochre of the Australian interior. Rather, set against the azure of the ocean, it looks just about burgundy as it leans into the pure, transparent sky.
Chateau de Mer dwarfs everything else in sight but for the shimmering cerulean horizon itself, which stretches to the indeterminate Earth’s edge where the waves seem to become a reluctant one with the puffy white cumulus hovering low over the Atlantic. Halfway to that edge a fishing trawler moved imperceptibly along, like a straight-lining ant. Picture postcard designers must drool over this place.
The sight was invigorating and I felt as if I was breathing in dampened light. Clouds of hazy mist occasionally drifted back across the hot seaside street to where I stood, slack-jawed and awestruck, in front of the whitewashed walls and blue-painted shutters of my temporary home to be, the confidently misnamed Hotel Majestic. A neon sign on the roof would, after dark, glibly pronounce the establishment to be an INTERN TIONAL HO EL.
The sea’s salty miasma floated up from the thundering waves below and my vision began to swim and soar on the combination of heat and air-borne sea water particles. Scintillating visions of Portuguese warlords and chaste buxom maidens danced across my mind’s eye.
Was this all just a mirage, a trick of the sharp North African light? If so then it is now an endlessly entertaining mirage, a theatre of light and stone and water that extended as far as my eyes could see and in all possible directions.
Or was it a return of that mild (but somewhat worrying) delirium I had experienced on first arriving in Casablanca? Turning around and then turning around again, I fixed my sight once more on the dazzling rock stronghold and noticed how preposterously argumentative the structure looked. The dozens of cannon I could see from this side seemed like tiny thorns jutting out from between the chinks of armour plated plates in the leathery hide of a semi-sleeping, crimson-hued, mega-sized animal that was  not - under any circumstances -  to be disturbed. Some kind of shore-dwelling Saharan rhinoceros, perhaps, ready to transmogrify from stone into flesh, it threatened to snort into lumbering life at any moment and charge indiscriminately at all the pesky humans within its limited range of perception.
At each corner of the castle’s imposing edifice was a tall parapet with a single, slightly tattered, scarlet flag fluttering limply in the feeble wind. Now and then a burst of fresh sea breeze stretched the sun-faded crimson fabric out to reveal a green five-pointed star in the centre - the star of Solomon’s Seal - like an incongruously Christian right side up pentacle. It was the blood-red national flag of Islamic Morocco, of course.
Still gawking on the broken footpath adjacent to the Hotel Majestic, where my mouth fumbled its mucus with the dust and salt, my daydream was suddenly shattered by the nasal cry of a shrivelled, old Arabian man only a few metres away. We shall return to the castle shortly, but for now, Balanda, let us enjoy the Berber water seller.
The man looked like an extra from Central Casting, one hired for a movie Oliver Stone might have made about ‘1001 Arabian Nights’, and was dressed most rustically indeed. His wardrobe call commenced with baggy orange pantaloons and sky-blue camel hide shoes, each sporting a tightly curled toe.
He also boasted an embroidered green vest atop a dirty-white, collarless blouse. His hook-nosed, wrinkled and deeply seamed face was clean-shaven but for a luxuriant handlebar moustache, the snow-white whiskers of which barely hid his plaque-mottled teeth and he was apparently selling a drink of some sort from a polished brown goatskin he nestled in the crook of his elbow. I could almost smell the tannin in the leather from where I stood.
The precious fluid within was carefully ladled into an ornately decorated gold cup. There was no shortage of local customers willing to press a coin into his calloused hand although none seemed interested in actually drinking what I surmised was just unembellished tap water. His benefactors were instead preferring to dash the liquid on the ground in return for a few muttered words assuring good fortune from the man whose life was probably ruled by Berber tradition.
I had to get his picture: the cover of National Geographic beckoned. But the only image-capturing technology I had left was the cheap digital camera within my mobile phone so I shrugged and quickly snapped the fibrous old man’s pic and stretched a five dirham silver coin out towards him. Grinning, he accepted the gratuity and then immediately belied a history of involvement with westerners by saluting me, American military style, with two outstretched fingers to his temple. Cheeky little bastard.
And just then a shrunken old Arabian lady, conspicuous due to the absence of other women on the streets, be they young or old, passed close in front of me. She squinted up from her withered height of just over a metre and there seemed to me to be unbridled malice in her metallic, rheumy eyes, a faint blue sheen clouding the menacing pupils. Did all the old people in this town think I was from the enemy of Islam, the U. S. of A?
Two parallel lines in navy blue ink were tattooed from her lower lip down the centre of her chin and a small spade-like shape was etched into the brown gap between her unplucked eyebrows. A haphazard dance of liver spots had built up around her forehead and her temples. She was heavily shrouded in swathes of green and almond-coloured satins and her headscarf was a dazzling silk yellow. The soft femininity of her garb contrasted picturesquely with the hard russet of her aged and cracking skin.
Finally, as I smiled and nodded an appropriately respectful dip, her walnut face splintered open in a generous grin, revealing yellow pegs of teeth, jutting from her purple gums like a ramshackle picket fence. With the realignment of her features the sun now picked out several wandering strands of golden hair, which appeared quite unnecessarily frivolous on such a senescent, grey head.
She was a portrait in waiting, but before I could centre her in my phone’s viewfinder, she promptly hobbled off in the direction of the walled medina. Despite her advanced years, she was too fast for me to snap and to thus add her to my expanding collection of digital trophies.
I contented myself instead with capturing the arresting architecture that stood, solidly, un-movingly, all around me. Flaking white paint revealed that the imposing walls of the ancient medina were made of a much lighter-coloured, hand-hewn stone than the castle but at only seven metres tall were nowhere near as high. They had also quite obviously undergone much household-oriented DIY alteration since their original construction and were patched up here and there with concrete and mud mixtures of varying earthy hues. Electricity cables snaked across the stonework and ugly television antennae insulted the original architects with their anachronistic presence.
Through the entrance of the medina I could see the beginnings of a tangle of cobblestone laneways, worn smooth by countless slippered feet, and the first of many stalls featuring perfectly carved pyramids of pungent turmeric, saffron and other elsewhere exotic spices. Frankincense and myrrh, too, most likely.
Just outside the arched entrance to the medina was an alfresco coffee shop with close to thirty male Arabs staring disconsolately at the slowly passing traffic as they languidly sipped their heavily sugared mint tea or one and a half dirham coffee from glasses and tiny porcelain cups. The long-aproned waiters were as bored and inattentive here as at any café where the tips are infrequent. Worn out plastic umbrellas, bearing advertisements for American soft drinks, tilted over each table and partially shielded the men from the harsh solar rays. Almost all the patrons had a Marquise or Casa brand cigarette cindering slowly at their lips and a few pairs of men could be observed playing quiet games of cards in the shaded corners, ageing quietly and with enviable dignity.
At the edge of just such a secluded corner of the café a dejected looking fellow in rags and turban was cajoling another Arab, in unusually modern western clothes, to let him polish his black patent leather shoes. The vagabond persisted with his annoying pleas, ignoring the half-hearted attempts by the local dandy to push him aside. The well-dressed man made derogatory gossipy-talk movements with his fingers, perhaps suggesting to his companions that he wished the Goddamn wretch would just shut the fuck up and go away. Eventually, as all who were present seemed to fully expect, the rich man relented and the beggar’s 10-dirham shoe-shine began in a study of concentration, and the dandy was content with his own performance.
Suddenly smoke billowed in my face with a change in direction of the wind and on its waves I sensed the acrid smell of grilling fish. My stomach alert with gushing acid, my lips curling and absorbent, I realised I was famished.
Instinctively I reached for my luggage before remembering my predicament and gestured to Abdul to proceed. I turned my back on the captivating street and seascape and marched stoically up the stairs of my new home opposite the matchless but probably loveless Chateau de Mer.
The Castle, The Castle. Whisper the words over and over again, Sterling my love.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER SIX.



Vampire Girl 6.  Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“The glimpses of religious and territorial conflict between an Islamic East and a Judeo-Christian West will be painfully familiar to a modern reader.” - Elizabeth Kostova in The Historian, 2005: x.

The desk clerk was dressed in a pure white, un-hooded Gandoora and wore the common style of thick untrimmed moustache I had seen on a dozen denizens of Safi already. He was obviously surprised by the sight of a clean-shaven, olive-skinned westerner with bigger than average beefcake and sweat-soaked denim jeans drawn tight upon his tree-trunk legs entering his hotel foyer. With a nose like a potato, menacingly pitted with aging blackheads for eyes, he excitedly quizzed Abdul for some minutes in his cigarette voice made of gravel before I felt the need, with some barely restrained impatience, to take control.
“Listen up, pilgrim,” I said, employing a John Wayne swagger designed to get a laugh anywhere else in the civilised world: “I just wants a room with a bath.” But Potato Nose had apparently watched few Hollywood westerns and jabbered away at me in aggressive sounding polysyllables before Abdul told him, I guessed, that I spoke neither Arabic nor French and in due course the transaction - once more with Abdul’s money, naturally - was then accordingly conducted. A set of keys was taken down from a board and I asked, without much hope: “Does the room have a good view of the castle?” Abdul insisted: “Yes, meestah, yes,” as he guided me up the stairs and along the passageway to a room facing the exact opposite direction from the Chateau de Mer.
Unlocking the door I quickly surveyed the tawdry quarters, strode in and then took a mental inventory. Two single beds enclosed in royal blue coloured imitation satin bedspreads, a corner of the grey white sheets turned back uninvitingly on each threadbare cover. A battered, unpainted wooden table, two small sets of mismatched drawers and three stackable plastic chairs were the only other furnishings. Needless to say there was no Gideon’s Bible beside the cots. No welcoming mint or chocolate upon the much-used pillows. Nor, for that matter, was there any bar fridge stocked with the standard-issue, over-priced but miniature, absolutely forbidden bottles of booze. It was a cell fit for none but a prisoner or a monk.
A door that had seen better days led into a cramped little room containing a squat toilet, an uncurtained shower alcove and a grimy-green wash-basin. No toilet paper was evident, although there was an unsanitary looking bum gun, that is, a rubber hose with a trigger spray. It lay coiled adjacent to the squat toilet like a bacteria-coated snake. No hot water tap. Corners rank with the trace of other men’s emissions. A dirty towel hung from a nail hastily hammered into the back of the door. The suite’s one redeeming feature were the hand-painted (and probably centuries old) ceramic tiles that covered the floor and the lowest foot of each wall of the bedroom and tiny lavatory. I recalled something Mohammed had said about Safi being not only the sardine capital of North West Africa but also the centre of Moroccan ceramics production. Apart from being quite beautiful and probably significantly historical, each tile unique in its own hand-crafted imperfections, they lent a very practical coolness to the room. With the ceiling fan whirring madly, it was, despite all its austerity, a comforting oasis from the helter swelter outside.
Realising that Abdul had sneakily disappeared on me, I tried to follow him down the stairs as fast as my sweaty tight jeans would permit, ignoring Potato Nose who tried to check me out with a smile he optimistically considered worth a tip, but the little Moroccan chappie had already melted like mercury into the passing crowd. Yeah, right, Mohammed, I’m sure Abdul is going to attend to my every bloody need.
Unperturbed, I followed my nose into the medina, seeking the source of the grilled sardines I had smelt earlier.
I entered a narrow alleyway lined with stalls featuring small pyramids of herbs, seasoned salts, oranges, dates and olives and rack upon rack of camel-hide or sheepskin leather slippers. There were gaudily-glazed ceramics on sale everywhere. Passing by a squatting Aissaoua snake charmer, as did the unimpressed locals, and overlooking the dozens of grime-encrusted rascals stretching their children’s hands out towards me, I continued after the tantalising scent and eventually found the sardine vendor only a few stalls into the marketplace.
There was much more than grilled, butterflied sardines on offer, except for pork, of course. Although it was the sardine dish I would eventually settle on, its grey skin bubbling over the efficient orange coals, exuding sacrificial fat and tantalising tincture, my hungry eyes briefly perused the rest of the buffet. There was the tomato, chick pea, lentil and haricot bean soup the stall-keeper pointed at and called Harira, the cubed beetroot salad I failed to catch the name of, and the inviting Pastilla, which, as he conveyed to me by sign language, is a multi-layered pie made from pigeon meat and golden, flaky pastry. But my nose had promised my stomach the flesh of sardines, so, poorer by a measly ten dirham but entirely satisfied with a bellyful of barbequed fish stuffed with a mix of garlic and pepper called Chermoula, a bowl of fat olives and a half loaf of fresh crusty flat bread called Kesra, and much cooler after I had changed into an eighty dirham cotton and silk-embroidered Gandoora I next began exploring the surrounds of the nearby Chateau de Mer, with my sweat-soaked western clothes pressed tight in a plastic bag at my side.
Unfortunately, being now lunchtime and thus the official siesta time (noon to three), the tourist information kiosk I hoped I might bribe into selling me an all-access ticket to the castle was closed, as was everything else bureaucratic in Safi, I soon learnt - banks, hospitals and most restaurants - so I contented myself with a leisurely stroll around the gravelled rise from which the castle seemed to spring, plant-like, with a stony mind and inexplicable agenda of its own. I would just have to wait to see inside.
The Castle, The Castle. Now say the words, Sterling my love.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER SEVEN.



Vampire Girl 7. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Built on the corner of a great rock … it was quite impregnable.” - Bram Stoker describing the Count’s castle in Dracula (1897).

As yet guideless but still quite at ease, I leisurely inspected the massive red building’s footings from outside, with its rough-hewn steps carved into the solid rock and its three metre high, spiked steel fences preventing access by any adventurous tourists or idle locals to the un-walled interior section of the castle.
I made my way carefully, through sheets of blinding sunshine, to the rear of the stony construction. There, perched on the sheer rock face of a basalt escarpment, a huge rusted iron-clad wooden door (could it really be the original 16th Century fitting, I wondered?) was chained shut (with a huge 20th Century padlock) at the top of a steeply sloped landing ramp from the sea. And so I found myself a secluded position and sat there, in blissful isolation, on an eroded outcrop of flint, with the objective of contemplation. But holding my breath was the order of the day, for I was sat amongst an array of dried up turds that had been squeezed out by the locals too poor or too lazy to go to the one dirham public toilet across the road (paper an extra two dirham, don’t you know a bargain when ya see it?).
Amid the piles of dried shit, I watched the fat black beetles rolling up balls of the dung and proudly carting them to their secret places of underground storage, little realising that I would soon be similarly engaged in a subterranean pursuit.
I tried to imagine the Catholic invaders from 16th Century Portugal landing their ships in the churning Atlantic swell below and proudly carting their new-fangled firearms and cannon up the cliff and into the safe stronghold of their seaside fortress. Meanwhile their vanquished Muslim foes, sitting astride camels and the occasional thoroughbred Arabian horse, would have rattled their Moorish sabres and scimitars and ineffectually shouted their insults at the unwelcome Infidel slash Christian colonisers. History is written by the victors, they say, but there were some rewrites on the way for Safi.
Disturbing my mental meanderings, my mobile phone suddenly buzzed annoyingly to life with its tinny ring-tone version of The Doors’ “This is the End,” which always reminded me of Apocalypse Now and off-his-face Martin Sheen’s ceiling fan blending with the sound of chopper blades as he smeared blood over his face. I slid the phone open, punched the glowing green ‘Receive’ button and clamped the electronic device close to my ear.
It was a call from the Safi Chief of Police, business-like but still with his usual soothing although increasingly insincere verbal tone:
“Good afternoon Monsieur de Bortoli. This is Chief of Police Monsieur Mohammed. We have located your luggage. For some reason it has been put on the bus to township of Agadir. Maybe they see a single man and draw their own conclusion. Regardless of sexual orientation, Morocco welcomes all tourists to her shores and your luggage will be back by this time day after tomorrow. At very latest, next week. We are terribly sorry for the inconvenience but we are overjoyed at having found your valued possessions. Good luck with the rest of your travels and good-bye, sir.”
The slimy mouthed, moustachioed bastard hung up before I could let loose with a scathing earful of criticism. So he thought I was what they call a Zamel en route to the homosexual haven of coastal Agadir, some 180 kilometres south west of Essaouira? Even the Only a Planet guidebook recognised the unique allure of that place for uninhibited men wanting to admire each other’s waxed and sun-bronzed bodies as they windsurfed the harbour.
Now, I am no homophobe - what consenting adults choose to do in the privacy of their own bedrooms is of no interest to me, and I’ve certainly been paid enough flattering attention by gay men in the past due to my gym-toned physique for me to become blasé about it all. Besides, my lonely existence is no glowing vindication of the heterosexual life: I enjoy precious few moments of straight serenity. But when I am myself mistaken for something I am not, it is nevertheless unsettling. Do I come across - shall we say - incorrectly? Is my studied aloofness read as the hauteur of a proud gay man? Does my appearance suggest labels like pillow-biter, arse-bandit, shirt-lifter or poof? Do they think that because I’m handsome - well, Balanda, one could at least say ‘ruggedly handsome’ - and presently without a girl on my arm I must therefore be queer, that I bat for the other team? Like I want to do makeovers on everyone I meet and swan about in a make-believe world of glitz and anonymous toilet-block sex? Sure, I like the arts and I’m not much good at carpentry but does that mean I don’t also like a female’s curves? What the hell would my sexual orientation have to do with the carefully completed paperwork and duly paid fees regarding the destination of my luggage, anyway? Goddamn it all!
With no one present but the mocking Atlantic seagulls to vent my spleen upon I hurled stones and fallen fragments of the castle into the frothing Atlantic ocean, slowly working out my frustrations. I shouted sweaty obscenities, disturbing a flock of the seabirds from their perches on the steep crags beneath the castle. They broke raggedly from their cliff-side nests and rode the updraft from the ocean below into the crematorium-clear sky high aloft to where they squawked like a devil’s chorus, mocking me as an aggregated saurian shape, before, after tiring of their contempt for gravity, eventually returning to their avian roosts on the castle wall precipice.
Finally the nausea produced by the odours of this outdoor latrine where the Safi itinerants disrespectfully squatted alongside the Chateau de Mer walls won out and I departed, with the aim of finding an Internet café to email my recently acquired digital photos to my beloved Maria.
Maintaining an appearance of placidity, whilst inwardly still on fire at the Chief of Police’s gay slur, I hailed a cab and commanded “Internet” to the obviously befuddled driver and climbed in.
With his incomprehensible chatter releasing near toxic fumes of garlic and sardine-based halitosis every time he turned around to address me, I hunched down irately and retreated into the torn vinyl of the rear bench seat. I repeated my instructions, but much louder, as if increased volume might improve comprehension.
The simpleton of a driver lurched the ancient little car into gear and as we took off I peered through the sandblasted windscreen and began scouring the roadside shops and stalls for English signs. Surely even this remote outpost of contemporary civilisation would have Internet cafés? And surely there was no better known Arabic equivalent for the popular and internationally recognised English word?
As we left the medina in our wake, I panned the cubistic, tumble down buildings lining each side of the road, all looking strangely unfinished. They were low-slung and whitewashed with sky-blue shutters and flat roofs, tightly clustered and with varying levels, somewhat reminiscent of an Escher engraving. Awkwardly conceived and executed, nearly all showed the touch of the Ottoman Empire: the spade-shaped arch of a doorway or casement frame the most common. The less well-kept buildings had blocked gutters from which weeds grew with supercilious fervour, whilst the flat roofs served as plinths for windswept rubbish and mouldering autumn leaves.
Many of these suburban Safian townhouses boasted a stunted black and tan Anglo Nubian goat or two with long floppy ears, roman-bridged nose and withered teats bleating, pawing the ground nervously, dropping dung like black pellets of steel, as they stood tethered to stunted and withered trees in the front yards, where animal and plant alike clung precariously to life - and then suddenly I realised that the taxi driver was grinding the vehicle to a stop.
We were in a freshly asphalted car park adjacent to an evidently new shopping centre with four metre high neon letters on the roof spelling out the words ‘Acima Supermarche’ and what I confidently assumed was the Arabic translation next to it.
Assaulted by the swords of the sun, fumes from the hot bitumen evaporated, and confined pedestrians to the bare, unsticky footpath at the car park’s borders. Alongside the yet to be opened supermarket was a Kitea store selling everything modular and Scandinavian and ripped off from Ikea.
I swore good naturedly at the bumbling driver, thrust a ten dirham coin into his protesting maw and quickly got out, finding the footpath’s island amidst the tar. Although not the slightest bit interested in the incongruously western apparition now before my eyes, I was determined to place the landmark building in my burgeoning understanding of Safi’s topography by steadfastly pacing my way back to the hotel. I would force upon myself a working knowledge of the layout of this town’s streets by walking them. And hopefully stumble across an Internet Café along the way. Yep, garn walkabout, bros.
As I walked I realised I was not entirely unhappy with how my life was working out. I was beginning to think providence or fate or even fortune was finally taking control and that it may have been the intentional hand of God - or something else just as divine - that saw me here in Safi rather than my planned destination of Essaouira. Why? Because I was actually warming to the place. It was nothing less than fascinating and so far I had not seen a single tourist, thankfully. But as I passed a Mosque, crowded with barefoot male devotees, their shoes and sandals all neatly arranged in rows like mousetraps on the steps external to the building, I wondered if there was a Catholic church, apart from the apparently inoperable St. Catherine’s, anywhere in Safi?
I was not quite ready, however, to fall to my knees for Christian prayer so I loudly (and sarcastically) hummed the verse and chorus to The Beatles ode to the Virgin Mary, otherwise known as “Let it be,” as I strode along the sandy sidewalk in what I hoped was the general direction of my hotel.
Suddenly it occurred to me that The Beatles were a bunch of hypocritical opportunists who had simply devised numerous catchy tunes with irrelevant, nonsensical lyrics. If it’s not the Virgin Mary then it’s a yellow submarine. That they became world-famous and made millions out of such an inane activity speaks volumes about humanity.
And so I dropped like an autumn leaf into the swiftly flowing river of Safi’s fez-ed and turbaned humanity. After almost an hour of belligerent walking along invisible ruts, following imaginary paths, and humming, jeering, leering, laughing and intemperate cursing I found myself to be quite utterly lost. Stuff Christ and stuff Allah and stuff Safi.
But I kept on exploring, my broad-rimmed hat affording just enough shade for me to survive. I didn’t have much choice as I hadn’t seen a taxi for nearly half an hour. I kicked up tiny clouds of dust like halos with every step along the sun-baked macadam, but only noticed them as if from a distance. As the wind hissed the loosened grit across my feet, whirling about in short-lived eddies of indecision, I turned a corner and suddenly there before me was a small, aluminium A-sign sitting squatly on the cracked footpath with the word ‘Internet’ almost hidden in an incoherent jumble of Arabian characters.
I climbed the narrow, winding, stone stairs and swung open the whitewashed door only to be instantly assaulted by the noise of a dozen young boys playing on-line computer war-games and the cheesy fug of their uncirculated sweat and airborne scurf. The headphones were being wilfully ignored and the children’s shouts of joy at each virtual kill were almost as fulminating as the sounds of electronic gunfire. Here, first person shooter was the god of choice and the computer mouse was the holy icon.
Grabbing a set of earphones myself - for a little aural protection - I booked an hour, found a vacant terminal and very slowly, thanks to the poor Internet connection, opened my university email account.
Fractious and scowling, I scrolled through ninety-eight junk emails looking for illegitimate correspondence. Solicitations for my bank account details from Nigerian scam artists, who, in stilted English, promised me vast sums of unclaimed US dollars (Oh, sure, and all I have to do is give you the password or PIN to my bank account, right?). Advertisements extolling a substance’s ability to make my rod as big as a fist (irrelevant, folks, as it already expands to that proportion, hyuk, hyuk!). Online pharmacies selling cut-price medications of addiction (well, I might look into that one later, actually). Invitations to gamble at virtual casinos (you must be kidding. Does anyone actually wager real money on the Internet?).
A puerility confirming aspect of entrepreneurial humanity, clogging my inbox, congesting my mind and slowing my eventual discovery of what really mattered: an email from Maria. But I found it, nevertheless, and grew larger.
The glare from the unshaded fluorescent lights in the Internet café felt suddenly harsh, so I shielded my eyes and smiled quietly to myself as I waited for her message to open. Impatient for the slow link to proceed, I wiped the dust and grunge from the computer screen with the sleeve of my Gandoora.
Finally, the text of my beloved’s email tumbled onto the screen. I read the oscillating message three times, the ancient plastic mouse almost disintegrating beneath the pressure of my impassioned digits.
I was disappointed at the brevity of her words, although a magnum opus would have been too short. The message read simply: “My love, if your dear heart is wounded, my wild heart bleeds with yours. Forever, Maria.” But it was from her, and that was enough. I recalled with indulgent pleasure the evening she spoke the same words to me so far away in Canberra and could see her lips moving, her chest expanding, her eyelids fluttering.
With two of my beefy fingers mashing the keypad I typed the following amorous reply:
Dearest Maria,
My love! My champion! My conqueror! Morocco is everything you expected and more. The Arabs are extraordinarily stupid, the culture is utterly dumb-founding, the food … well, tasty, but not exactly what I’d call satisfying. And as you well know Islam is the unifying ethos of the mainly Sunni Muslims so there’s nary a Crucifix to be seen. Ah, rococco Morocco!
Touristy insights aside there has been a small setback, but not what one would call an unmitigated disaster. A minor clerical misunderstanding regarding the destination of my baggage has seen me fortuitously held over in a picturesque seaside villa named ‘Safi’ - the self-proclaimed World Capital of Sardines and Ceramics - and after due consideration I have decided to linger here for a while.
Yes, I know, it is a deviation from our original destination. But I believe there is a place here that will prove ideal for our special needs and I can’t wait to show you through the one and only Chateau de Mer. Check out the attached jpegs,
Your humble servant and devoted lover, Sterling de Bortoli.
Room 12, Hotel Majestic,
40 Rue Derbe Laalouj,
Safi, Morocco.
I clicked the ‘Send’ glyph and then perused the remaining contents of my inbox. A few administrative emails from my university earned perfunctory but necessary replies explaining my absence and after about half an hour more I groaned to my feet, shelled out the few dirham fee and cautiously walked down the steep granite steps of the Internet café and onto the dusty street below where dusk was fast encroaching on the vibrating day.
And with those steeply pitched steps I re-entered the cultural wastelands of outer suburban Safi. To my right in the approaching twilight were allotments of parched land boasting precarious lean-tos of still hot and shimmering corrugated iron held together with little more than fencing wire. To my left there were empty forty-four gallon oil drums lounging with insouciance in vacant blocks. Ahead of me a pair of sneakers hung from overhead telephone lines, swinging with anarchic disregard for logic from where they had been flung who knows how long ago. An upturned shopping trolley beside a collapsing wooden fence looked like a cage for wild animals. Bare-bottomed urchins mewled and dribbled in the tawny sundown of their front yards, their parents hidden but watching me suspiciously, I could sense, from deep within the lengthening shadows.
These domestic households were replaced, as I strode further on, with bare uncultivated ground littered with strewnings of wind-swept plastic shopping bags and other sun-bleached rubbish. A neglected Muslim cemetery was passed on my left and I noted that even here it was the practice for headstones to be placed atop graves in vain attempts to prevent the Undead from rising.
The bordering acres of the garden for the dead were beset by great thickets of dusty blue, wild prickly pear cacti and scraggly stands of Eucalyptus, set out in regular patterns like the plugs of nylon hair on a Barbie doll’s scalp. The gumtrees were as unlike the adjacent autochthonous cacti as a pruned topiary, their gum-nut laden branches collecting the wind-blown litter of shiny snack food packets and other wispy refuse as if decorated for some cheerless, impoverished Christmas.
On the other side of the cemetery, a derelict Fiat lorded itself over waist high weeds and rubbish, dolorous and rusted in its fiefdom. The Eucalyptus trees registered as Australian but their growth patterns, untouched by the indigenous herbivorous fauna and flora, and undernourished in the rocky Moroccan soil, grew in unfamiliar bushy, low shapes. No scribbled tunnels or gravid, lumpen boles grew on their trunks, un-infected as they were by the wasps and other insects that have evolved to feed on the Eucalyptus sap in our native land. Nevertheless, the trees had the distinctive strips of shedding bark and their dun-coloured leaves hung vertically, resiliently, like curved olive sickles, whilst offering little shade in this tenacious place of North African desolation.
But of course there were no Eastern grey kangaroos or brush-tailed rock wallabies here to enjoy the shade anyway, for only a Weelow could find comfort here and the displaced gum trees seemed to know this all too well. They looked drab, insipid and bleakly homesick. In the rapidly descending and not unwelcome cool of evening, I registered once again how very far away from home I was. Like the Eucalypts, I was wistfully homesick. But that emotion was felt for only the briefest of moments as Maria then sought to comfort me and remind me that I, myself, had no roots except for those she was soon to provide.
The Castle, The Castle. Loudly. Say the words loudly, Sterling my love, my love.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER EIGHT.



Alpha Vampire Girl. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Now could I drink hot blood
And do such bitter business as the day
Would quake to look on. Soft! Now to my mother.”
- William Shakespeare in Hamlet, III, ii.

Know ye, Good Reader, that in an unfamiliar Moroccan hotel room, de Bortoli realised there is no such thing as complete silence, not whilst one is still alive and breathing at least. His industrial strength silicone earplugs might have alleviated the aural torment, but they were still many kilometres away with the rest of his misplaced luggage. His body seemed as if porous to every insidious noise. Although small in comparison to the thriving metropolis of Melbourne, Safi was a city that never really slept: shifts changed as tired workers were replaced by less tired workers and the indifferent mechanism of capitalism strove relentlessly along. And for de Bortoli, as the night wore on and his temper built up like a steaming pressure cooker, there was always the occupant of the next room stirring loudly and coughing up the deposits of a day’s cigarette smoke inhalation, while, for a short time, from the other side, an Arabian businessman fornicated noisily with his brazen mistress. And there was always the heavy expectation that the water pipes behind the wall would start thumping and wailing again, as a shift-worker somewhere else in the hotel braced for a shower; and there was always the muted growl of the city’s nocturnal traffic from below; and there was always the night-time shuntings in the nearby railway yards that then became the receding, racing scream of departing locomotives; and there was always an endlessly yelping dog locked in a yard just down the road or in a place far too nearby. When the mutt wore itself out with its barking and finally stopped another canine would start as if taking a number in a queue, its baying at the gibbous moon like an impatient demand for the magic of lunar fullness. No, peace was not easily found in night-time Safi and a dripping tap in the bathroom served to measure the slow time of de Bortoli’s life, numbering the vanishing moments of his sanity.
From the industrial part of town the low-pitched moans of locomotives mixed with the clanging of buffers, the screeches of rolling stock and the snorts of engines as they were goaded unenthusiastically into early hours life. Shuddering like pain-wrecked and beleaguered circus animals they slowly warmed and de Bortoli was unhappily aware of them. For opposite the hotel, running in front of the castle, was a railway line which took away ammonium phosphate harvested from the nearby white and grey striped cliffs abutting the shore. In a spiteful twist of Moroccan bureaucracy against the powerless - and thus often sleepless - residents, the freight train ran mostly after dark.
This part of Safi was reserved for the oil-stinking scree of rejectamenta, a daytime arena of human-made things bleaching in the sterile sun, betwixt sweeping, buzzing highway flyovers, which proudly showcased the mud-filling hollows and wastelands between the last resort tenement towers. It was a neglected region that would soon prove an ideal harbour for shadow-dwelling monsters.
No, peace was not easily found in night-time Safi until he returned to his bed, sated.
And thus it was by the lonely sounds of the dark, Good Reader, that de Bortoli began to fix and re-calibrate his life: these were the hours in which he became aware of that usually guarded aspect of his self again, the hours when he grasped desperately at what remained of his ephemeral existence whilst opening himself up to the tantalising possibility of something more. These were the unaccompanied small hours of the morning in which de Bortoli believed himself to be losing the identity by which he had once known who he was and then, slowly and finally, coming to the realisation that he was evolving into some-one or some-thing else. Some-one or some-thing quite unique and special.
At forty-six years of age he had none of the stabilising influences most respectable middle-aged men secure their senses of reality to, like the sailor of a Demeter secures his hands with hard cord and a Crucifix’s beads to the ship’s wheel in the face of imminent squall and other ... dangers. He was unmarried, childless, homeless and fiercely independent. Yet still he had most of the doubts and regrets of any mortal man. Like a brood of twitchy mice they nibbled at the edges of his consciousness and were often there, unannounced, to throw water on his lofty plans, cast vehement aspersions over his confidence or stoke courage in the fire of his inner critic’s voice.
With the changing leaves of the calendar, he wondered and regretted what had probably become of former friends. “I’m now forty-bloody-six and there are people I have known who will never grow that old,” he muttered to himself as he read the obituary of one of his high school mates in the local newspaper. “I have somehow outlived them as if they knew I would all along.” Had their cremated ashes even washed up yet on the cresting waves he still contemplated from the shore of his ongoing existence? As a youth, he had been an easy maker of friends. A good listener, too, although his innumerable and frequently facile combinations of quotes ranging from Goethe to Darwin that masqueraded as his opinions could be trying, but he was one, who, when he wanted to, could win many over with politeness. When so inclined, his generosity of spirit worked so speedily it was best grasped or understood in studying its effect on people, often possible only in the wake of his departure.
Almost famous as a ruckman in the professional Australian Football League, he took to hard grog in a big way at the tail-end of his career, as footballers so often do, but with a justification none could fail to understand. When his gorgeous wife of two years, a young and fresh Cathy McGowan, was killed in a terrible head on collision with a drunk driver in 1997, he lost all perspective, all direction. Unable to take out his inexorable grief on the drunk driver who had also died in the fiery inferno, de Bortoli subsequently spent many a drunken night himself. Not driving, of course, but rather mentally berating himself as to his inability to save her and imagining how he would have sadistically tortured to slow, painful death his wife’s drink-driving killer. And when all hope in finding answers was lost then losing himself in an ethanol-poisoned oblivion which never lasted quite long enough. No human agency could ever assuage the guilt and sorrow he felt and he never spoke of this loss to others.
He’d eventually considered the miserable example set by his own forlornly widowed father and wrenched himself, violently and without hesitation, into a new life. He’d destroyed the photos and mementoes, shut the memories of Cathy away and tried to never again think of her. Part of his steely determination involved a return to university and selfishly studying something that was ‘fun’, something for himself, something which turned out to be media and culture. The Movies. He’d earned a psychology degree at the Australian National University straight out of high school but had been snapped up by an AFL scout just after graduation, because he lifted weights and was undeniably fit and seemed to be able to predict the oval-shaped ball’s erratic bounce and trajectory nine times out of ten. So de Bortoli never got to pursue the counselling career he had planned because pro footy paid so well and a career in public welfare had eventually passed him by and now he was too mixed up in his own head to spend any time listening to other people’s problems anyway. So he settled his sights on a course of study that might be enjoyable. Something he would take pleasure in and not something done for the betterment of society, because, let’s face it, it was a dog eat dog world out there and he knew a good recipe for Korean-style barbequed canine. So he escaped the heat and got out of the kitchen.
And no, de Bortoli had never permitted children to enter his life although some of the many women he had seduced in his twenty-plus years of skirt chasing, ruthlessly sabotaged his latex prophylactics with pins or lied to his face about taking the contraceptive pill (knowing his morals and that if they succeeded they would forever tie him to them in matrimonial shackles). But de Bortoli carefully controlled his spilling seed. “Doesn’t take any brains to produce a kid. In fact, more brains you got, the less kids you’d make the mistake of, well, making,” he’d tell himself. And with every passing day, until he met his Maria, de Bortoli rightfully believed he was becoming more and more lost.
He also believed and knew that girls like the fair maiden Maria (for he believed that she wasn’t quite yet a woman) were still making their transitions and they needed father figures - although better looking and better educated and even more worldly than their own greying, paunchy sires - to ease the pain of the metamorphosis from gawky Teenager to fully fledged independent and yet still vulnerable Woman. He sensed her loneliness intuitively and heeded the fact that she seemed to have no real friends or acquaintances. Indeed, he had never actually met any of Maria’s family nor even seen their photographs.
What de Bortoli was also only just coming to realise was that this was as it should be. Far better for a restless soul such as his to be free and un-herded. For he would be spared the stultifying ordeal of fatherhood and suburbia and timetables and mortgages and a wife’s pre-menstrual tension and ruinous affairs and he would be free to contribute to … progress. Contribute to … learning. Contribute to some kind of … humanity.
De Bortoli was a very lucky and special man but he rarely realised this and he continued in his early middle age, through studied obstreperousness, to marginalise people who might otherwise have been career-friendly acquaintances. Lo, and his opprobrium continued unabated.
Supine and uncovered in his unhurried early evening, de Bortoli scratched the beginning to grey hairs on his chest. Sighing, he reached across the dingy sheets of the lonely bed in that lonely bare room in the inappropriately named Hotel Majestic, ripped off the ring-pull and immediately sculled one of the 250 ml cans from the ten six-packs of room temperature Flag Special beer he had bribed the hotel manager to get him.
From the room next door came the tinny noise of an analogue TV set and he sensed the presence of a holidaying young family. The dialogue was unintelligible, but the canned laughter from the TV was braying and monotonously regular. De Bortoli could picture with ease the scene: a small, boxy-black plastic unit with a grimy, fly shit spotted screen and ‘rabbit ear’ antennae bent into an asymmetric position to optimise reception. It was probably sat upon a transparent vinyl doily and there were probably two children lying on their stomachs as close as their parents would allow. Engrossed, the kids would be prostrate, elbows spread out and palms cupping their chins for maximum comfort in such unnatural positions. They wouldn’t understand all of the jokes but the flickering images would keep them hypnotised, until, protesting, their parent’s Arabian versions of “Bedtime, NOW!” would be reluctantly obeyed. Overall the domestic panorama was distasteful and had for him the result of lowering any expectation’s of that particular family’s Intelligent Quotients remarkably.
He desperately hoped he would never have to meet those neighbours and play act at sociability. De Bortoli slipped in fresh wads of tissue as earplugs and he turned the pillow to present the cooler side to his stubbled face, drifting back to sleep with just the slightest crinkling of the skin over his tensed jaw muscles belying a momentarily contented and sharp-toothed smile.
Even the bloodsucking mosquitoes did not dare alight upon de Bortoli’s recumbent form in that dingy room of the Hotel Majestic. Like all lower order parasites these Moroccan mozzies obeyed Maria unquestioningly, spellbound to her psychic tutoring in much the same way de Bortoli was himself. Her sphere of influence was becoming as wide as the sphere of Earth itself.
He awoke several hours later to his understanding of dawn and then knelt on the deserted pavement outside as Maria summoned him, before rising, pushing and clawing through the multi-layered night air of industrial Safi and once there in the clarity he canine sniffed for information. Olfactions from tens of kilometres away - usually obscured by other more mundane smells - were now easily detected. And the Mastiff-faced man followed these irresistible scents without thought or reasoning, finding the Chief of Police of that small town and despatching him like a task on his to do list.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER NINE.



Vampire Person 9. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“There was no possibility of an opiate just at present …” - Dr. Seward in Bram Stoker’s Dracula (1897).

It was morning again in Safi. Once again. As relentless as the rising of the horrible sun, I could always look forward to the Hell that is the morning after.
Feeling like shit, after precious little real sleep. Regained consciousness fully dressed atop my hotel bed - if my muumuu-like Gandoora could be considered ‘fully dressed’ for a heterosexual, middle-aged, western, Catholic man such as I - and oh, no, it was not a good look. A face full of itchy stubble. A mouth properly lined with sawdust. Eyes rimmed with crystalline crud. My brain, justifiably disgusted with me, was trying to beat a way out through my skull.
I struggled to recall the events of the previous night, but reverberating echoes of thunder from the muffler-less motorcyclists in the Rue below pounded my tender head and my aching, vulnerable sensibilities. I was not hung over but I did not exactly feel quite chipper either and I concentrated hard, trying to steer my thoughts away from the strident roar of the traffic that threatened to painfully assimilate me into its noise-filled morass.
My jangling, throbbing brain slowly calmed, ceasing its struggle. I flexed my memory and eventually recollected walking towards the western-style Acima supermarket in a murky-black, utterly bereft night with a dead wind whistling, plaintively, past tin huts and Muslim ossuaries and melancholy, eldritch stands of transplanted Eucalyptus.
For a second the swarthy face of the Police Chief entered my mind, but then it disappeared without illuminating understanding at all.
Finally, I remembered that ultimately in my wanderings I had found a gathering of young and affable North African men openly smoking hashish from long stemmed wooden pipes in a darkened square between several high-rise apartment blocks. Their fire crackled like splintering glass in the empty forty-four gallon oil drum they all gathered around, the darkness shepherding them closer together, and they were loudly convivial. I dimly recalled that they had invited me unself-consciously to join in their revels, after the donation of some measly fifty dirham, of course (although the extra lagniappe of twenty lubricated the fiscal proceedings considerably). For this rather meagre sum I got not only their ebullient company but a stick of hash about fifteen centimetres long by three centimetres wide and thick with a thin layer of cellophane adhered on one side to boot. And thus the elsewhere suspicious combustibles were there, in the cool unhurried calm of the Safi night, passed from hand to hand without query or word of caution.
Discalced and bearded as they all were, the men seemed to become even gaunter as the full swollen face of the reddish moon began its slow, mesmerising climb across the obsidian sky. But they also seemed not the slightest bit threatening to me, as the drug I partook of nevertheless affected my perceptions considerably. These poverty stricken Safians were anything but disconsolate, the Tetra Hydro Cannibinol helping them savour each moment of their live-in-the-moment lives, each exhalation of pungent smoke from their lungs feeding another surge of contentment through their veins, each trampolining heartbeat thence pulsing the THC to the outer limits of their bodies, through their fingertips and back again to their throbbing brain neurons and they thus came to terms with their tremulous existences, peacefully. It made them smile and even when the rest of your life sucks, the very act of smiling can elevate your mood, can make you happy. There were none of the Centrelink funded arts grants or free soup kitchens so supportive of my unemployed Melburnian lifestyle. But here in desperate Safi, who cares if your prospects are nil when you can get stoned so cheaply and easily?
And what was the real price for this enviable state of altered consciousness? This level of baked to shreds ripped-ness, this absence of care, this alertness to creativity and goodwill? Well, the huge stick of hashish would have cost many times as much in Australia: as much as five crisp plastic lime-green hundred dollar notes, if you could even find a clandestine retailer, for hashish was a rare commodity in the faraway land Down Under - mostly due to its novel and difficult-to-obtain status as an illegal import.
On the other hand, hydroponic outfits produced excellent home-grown cannabis (or Yarndi as we Blackfellas usually call the stuff) much more cheaply and efficiently under metal halide lights in alfoil lined garages and light-proofed ensuites in the suburbs of every town and city in Australia. A lungful of home-grown ‘hydro’ would see you ripped, whacked and off your face in minutes, unselfconsciously singing hits remembered from your childhood or making lofty plans with like-minded potheads to make this world a better place. The risk in cultivating dope in, say, Broadmeadows, Melbourne was minimal compared to trying to import the stuff from neighbouring Thailand or Indonesia where detection could see you facing the death penalty - or even worse, a life sentence of misery in a Bangkok Hilton-type jail.
The states and territories of Western Australia, South Australia and the A.C.T had long ago decriminalised possession and cultivation of small quantities for personal use and in these parts of the country you’d be very unlucky to even go to court if busted. Unless you were a big time dealer you usually just got an insignificantly small on-the-spot fine. So Amsterdam provided mail-order seeds from strains of Indian Hemp selected over numerous generations to produce an extremely potent smoke. And with Yarndi amazingly still selling for much the same price it did when I first tried it in the early eighties (an affordable twenty to twenty five dollars a deal, although, back then a deal was maybe twenty-five grams of bush-grown heads, compared to a gram to a gram and a half of super-potent hydro these days), there really isn’t an awful lot of financial motivation to be a dealer. Narcotic indolence is an affordable lifestyle for many unambitious Australians. Indeed, it is probably true that most growers in Australia intend to simply supply their families and friends relatively free of charge. To any unbiased, intelligent observer, cannabis is a perfectly problem-free social stupefacient and does not deserve the reputation the US propagates in their unintelligent War Against Drugs.
If the North American do-gooders really wanted to engineer some kind of positive social change they should have tried harder with their prohibition of hootch. That’s because alcohol is an anti-social drug almost as worthy of a concerted war effort as the hugely expensive drug terrorist number one, tobacco.
In outback Australia the alcoholic beverage is a weapon of mass destruction more threatening and costly to Aborigines (and many white folk, too) than anything happening in the Middle East. It has certainly created more problems in my life than Yarndi ever has. And it was grog, not ganja, that had caused a drunken man to lose control of his car and kill my pretty young wife (and his stupid, ugly, pissed as a fart self), in what seems like a miserable lifetime ago.
But the financial reality soon dawns on the would-be social reformers: politicians need to put their children through expensive colleges and the kickbacks from overlooking the real poisoners of the community are substantial. Taxes on alcohol and tobacco are easy to implement whereas taxing the cultivation of pot would be as difficult as taxing the cultivation of backyard tomatoes. Weed is a crop anyone can grow in their quarter acre suburban allotment or halide-lit, sealed-off spare room. So, the alcohol and tobacco merchants put up the billboards telling us there is elegance in a wineglass, camaraderie in a stubbie of beer and manliness in a packet of smokes, and the populace live their lives with merciless contempt for their bodily health. The sellers and the buyers thus keep the illogical legislative status quo by paying for the politicians’ new triple car garage that houses the Porsche and the Mercedes alongside the hulking big SVU that carts the kids off to the Ivy League and sandstone colleges that set in process the attaining of the high income careers for their kids that enable the retired politicians to see out their days in comfortable retirement homes as their cashed up offspring follow the same gold-lined paths of corruption.
But do the tobacco and alcohol company’s payoffs ease the middle-aged politicians’ minds when their fifteen year old daughters get drunkenly sodomised by a gangbang of cashed-up, ‘the world owes me its thanks’ team of footballers or when another of their teenage sons is bashed in the inevitable brawl alongside the pubs that pollute every street corner or when their older uncles or aunts struggle to draw breath through lungs choked by emphysema from the Oh So Glamorous nicotine and five hundred-plus other toxic chemicals in the smartly packaged cigarettes they become hopelessly addicted to?
And don’t get me started on the pharmaceutical companies. They see the population enjoying something and respond by turning it into a diagnosable medical condition. Over-indulgence in any and every normal experience in the human condition becomes a treatable disease making medical practitioners serve as well-paid foot-soldiers for the trans-national pharmaceutical companies. And so we have patented drugs for sleeping, patented drugs for not sleeping, patented drugs for hard-ons, patented drugs for easy pissing. Harmless herbal intoxicants like weed and opium poppies are criminalised, a laboratory-created substitute is devised and the multinational pharma-cos rake in the profits. Xanax replaces opium. Prozac is substituted for cannabis. And the bureaucracy supporting the international business of selling alcohol and tobacco - the biggest contributors to worldwide death and morbidity - continues to be the bedrock of western civilisation.
Forgive me, friend Balanda, for I did get started. But the insanity of America and all her international sycophants’ wars against cannabis and other currently illicit substances can also be seen in the fact that prohibition of such substances provides the very incentive for organised crime. Rather than regulating the distribution of addictive chemicals via medically trained professionals, the law enables the Mr. Bigs of the mafia, bikie gangs, yakuza and triads to recruit small-time drug-dealers and they then all make unimaginable profits from selling pot, coke, smack, ice, GBH, ecstasy, Special K, LSD, speed and so-on. Insatiable demand always equals profitable supply, legal or no. The legislative status quo and the war on drugs cannot be defended by anyone with a working brain. Unless, of course, their pockets have been stuffed with substantial cash bribes.
Was there any war the dumb Yanks got in on that wasn’t stupid? Seems to me they make far too much of their late in the piece contribution to WWII and that they failed to learn from their loss in Vietnam and were now making the same mistakes in the Middle East but they still truly believed themselves to be the official policemen of the world (as condoned by their own particular God). Stuff the Yanks and stuff them again and I welcomed the Moroccan hashish and after a few more puffs on the long smouldering pipe handed to me with great intercontinental accord I quite suddenly lost all sense of anarchic purpose and all annoying anxiety as well. In other words, I eventually calmed down and began to enjoy myself.
“Bewdy, mate! Good on yer!”, I crowed, in an overdone performance of Aussie-ness.
“Is honour! You have ze fire?” A widely grinning man with a prominent beak nose produced with great pride a battered silver Zippo and played the flame’s tongue about the conical brass end of the hash pipe as I inhaled again.
Amongst me and the dusky young men who I hardly knew, a meal was unexpectedly produced: fish salad and fish soup and fish rissoles and fish. These young Safi locals weren’t so underfed tonight and they didn’t seem to regard me as the American aligned Enemy of Islam or the Portuguese invader or the proselytising Christian missionary or the sometimes Atheist apostate or, indeed, the ultimate Catholic Infidel who took photos of the ruins of Chateau de Mer like a modern-day Evangelista.
Beak Nose was a genuinely friendly man, it seemed, and offered me his syrupy mint tea without ulterior motive or Machiavellian plan. He set out the small chipped glasses and began the Moroccan ritual of pouring the fragrant tea into them, and then pouring it back into the kettle, over and over again in the fire’s dancing light which so emphasised the theatricality of it all. In a free class in local etiquette I learnt that good Moroccan manners stipulate the drinking of no less than three cups.
They had all been keen on learning English, in between loud declarations of their love for their own Morocco, and I was happy to oblige, teaching them to refine their accented pronunciations of “Hello” and “Goodbye” and to excel in the many and varied uses of the mighty F-word. A warm glow of amiability had suffused the group.
His compatriots all quizzed me, in their halting English, as to my marital status. They expressed empathy and deep sadness that I should be widowed and unmarried, especially at my age: it seems every Muslim man should wed, for his health if not for his sanity. I was told with all sincerity that a bachelor such as I should fast two or three days a week and avoid peanuts and almonds which would otherwise inflame one’s animal desires. An unveiled woman, or Aryana, cannot help but produce sinful thoughts in a man who sees her, deprived as he is, of the sight of the bare flesh of women who are not members of his immediate family.
Ah, those dark-skinned youths with their aquiline noses, straight black hair and sly good looks. Guileless and forthcoming, they taught me how to make a Melange of the finely chopped mild Virginia tobacco and herbs, mixed with the local cannabis resin, to produce what they called Kiff.
I grinned and laughed and slapped hands with the grinning, laughing, hand-slapping, fish-eating and mint-tea-drinking young men of Safi living their lives as if they had just invented testosterone.
They made jokes in their local vernacular, which in my searching understanding often seemed to have homosexual undertones and I wondered how they coped in this male-dominated society where the women remained sequestered away like nuns, and extra-marital sex was apparently unheard of. And then I remembered that I myself had a girlfriend in Canberra I had never even slept with.
I remembered because somewhere during the sweaty small hours of darkness the memory of Maria had interfered my play with a strict admonishment to “Get to work!” and I realised I wouldn’t need to find Internet cafés to email pictures to her anymore. The night of dope-smoking had been fun but at some point had become quite risky (for the young men of Safi, that is). As with Pete in the Casablanca Youth Hostel, one of the lost boys I had become new mates with disappeared from humanity forever that evening.
Maria had effectively intervened. Her words had swept through me, subtle and soothing - yet no less commanding - and, like a cool evening breeze gently rustling a bed of orange and yellow Autumn leaves, they had brushed up against my consciousness surreptitiously, so lightly that my stoned brain barely registered their presence at first. They seemed like my very own thoughts ... but, now, in the clarity of morning, I knew they were far from being ideas of my own design.
Outside, blue was being poured into blue until the sky overflowed into the empty day so that momentous events could be built upon it. Confusing guilt clouded my still groggy brain but I steeled myself for action. Groping in the deep pockets of my now multi-stained Gandoora, I located the potentially troublesome intoxicant and threw the vestiges of the fifty dirham stick of cannabis resin out past the transom of the Hotel Majestic. I would not be breakfasting on hashish with my oatmeal, and, no matter how perverted my night-time recreations might have been, I was not going to be busted for possessing dope in a foreign country. The Safi Police would be unable to hold that civic violation against me, regardless of what the laws said about possession for personal use in Australia. I had little desire to become No Idea magazine’s next Schapelle Corby, even if it did mean getting my tear-streaked face on that gaudy gossip publication’s front cover and a queue of paying interviewers salivating at the story of yet another Aussie incarcerated abroad and even a lucrative book deal with a guaranteed readership.
But when had that long smudge of a blood stain gotten on my Gandoora? And who did the errant corpuscles and lymphocytes come from? Was there some act of inequity last night that paled the possession of illicit drugs into criminal insignificance?
Maria then reminded me, filling in all the blanks, and, of course, she instantly quelled any sense of guilt or remorse.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER TEN.



Vampire Girl 10. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“The Draculas were a great and noble race, though now and again were scions who were held by their coevals to have had dealings with the Evil One. They learned his secrets in the Scholomance, amongst the mountains over Lake Hermannstadt, where the devil claims the tenth scholar as his due.” - Dr. Seward in Bram Stoker’s Dracula (1897).

As I continued to lie there, still a bit stoned and blissfully alone in my Hotel Majestic ‘luxury’ suite, I recalled the circumstances surrounding the first time I had inhaled hydroponic marijuana smoke and tapped its psychotropic secrets. At the time, I’d been employed at an inner city debt collection agency in Sydney and my boss, an extremely handsome (if a bit thin, even anorexic) gay Irishman by the name of Ron Dewart who kept good-naturedly suggesting I have dinner with him, had offered it to me with the intention (I intuitively knew) of introducing even greater vices upon me. With blinds drawn and, as if it were no more controversial a suggestion amongst work colleagues as a game of tennis or golf, he packed the THC-rich cannabis buds into the bowl and proffered it to me right there in his legal statutes and book-lined work office. The casualness of his manner was a little disconcerting, but not at all un-persuasive. I was, at the time, still quite fit and athletic although it was my mental stability that was hard to maintain as I sometimes wallowed in the all-enveloping blackness of self-pitying despair for days on end after my wife Cathy’s accident when she ended up resting in the Cooma cemetery, decades before her time.
John’s live-in boyfriend had a ridiculous Belgian accent and wore equally ridiculous gay fashions and he glared ridiculously at me whenever he saw me training at the nearby Gold’s Gym where he did his step aerobics classes in the studio upstairs and he super-glared at me whenever Mr. Dewart invited me with sly optimism to his elegant townhouse in Paddington for bucket bongs, and, even, if the night proceeded well (although the shifty crook never said as much in so many words), the ceremony of the Scholomance. Yes, even this corrupted little twerp could tell I was a one in ten scholar.
The crafty boss of mine with his hydroponically home-grown Yarndi made me feel optimistic about the world and gave me some brief respite from that black dog of depression. But, I always got straight too soon, so I still wallowed in my widower’s funk at most times. The debilitating mood of misery that descended on my shadowed soul seemed never altogether lifted; the despair lingered like a cloud that might rain that day or just as easily might not, and I was getting used to living like a transient, not caring where I slept. If passing out can really be called sleeping. Now and then zonking out on the sofa between clients of a fit-looking but pethidine-addicted young call-girl called Sophie who liked to have a big gym-rat like me around in case the johns got stroppy. Oh, the splendid balance sheet pertaining to the cash only business of lust: Sophie was always good to swing a few bucks my way for choof and plonk. As long as I could take the wheel of her late-model Toyota and drive her to the next gig without getting pulled over by the cops and as long as I always had a joint handy.
Or when no place to slumber was available for free, and the forecast was for a chilly brass monkey night, I’d find myself reluctantly forking out cash for a bed in a dormitory room in a cheap backpacker’s hostel in Darlinghurst, where I’d plug my ears, mask my eyes, and literally crash out, tight to the max, pissed as a newt, stoned as an Afghan adulterer, whilst the sound of the pumping blood in my own head graciously overtook the surrounding din of the city. I occasionally dabbled with other party drugs such as amphetamines and E but disliked the irregularity of such speed-fuelled, energetic excursions compared to my cannabis-induced languid experience, gently and safely creating my predictable, optimistic perceptions of the crazy, unpredictable world around me.
Even though my night life was peripatetic chaos, I always found regularity and grounding by training with heavy weights at least every second day and taking twice to thrice per week solarium baths and completely denuding my skin of body-hair so that my physique, when I sobered up and went to the beaches of Bondi and Coogee to show off and try to pick up chicks at the weekends, well, it glistened and shone like hand polished tan-dark marble. On such days I called every white person Balanda, for no-one dared question my Aboriginal ancestry. My deep, dark suntan was hard to argue with.
And then, when I got back to whatever dive was serving as my ‘home’ that night, I’d down a handful of diazepam washed down with half a cheap cask of Chardonnay and sleep til mid-afternoon the next day. Looking, to any who might have gazed upon me, like a toppled Greek statue, a fallen stage prop from the grand theatre of life I wasn’t studying in those hedonistic, escapist Sydney days, having no pretensions yet of being a respected academic. I looked good and that was enough. My life was simple and carefree. But, yes, I was as lonely as an albatross in a wheat field and I was not really free. Rather, I was a prisoner of my own absence of ambition.
My collar and tie job for the professional creep Ron Dewart was to locate runaway debtors, whose usury his company had purchased for little more than a song, and then it was my task to convince the hapless debtors to commence repayments of a painless few dollars a week for the rest of their despondent lives. I didn’t enjoy the work particularly but I was good at it. So, there I’d be utilising all my acting skills and improvisational talents as I rang up out of the blue the girlfriends, mothers or ex-wives of the hiding, debt-holding reprobate they all knew and loved. I’d tell them that I had known ‘so and so’ while on the run from the law myself and now I was following the twelve steps program of Alcoholics Anonymous and holding down regular employment and in compliance with the eighth step, I wished to make amends, that is to say I wanted to repay the fifty dollars ‘so and so’ had lent me and could they give me the street address of ‘so and so’ to send the cheque and my apologies to. The debtor’s whereabouts were always forthcoming and the company loved me for my good work even if Ron Dewart just lusted for my muscles-on-muscles physique. Beef ‘n’ brains, he called me, with the full intent of flattery and a lecherous wink that made me roll my own eyes in disgust.
First and foremost, my ignoble job was to never inform the dim-witted debtors that they were not even paying off the interest and that meantime we were accruing more and more information about them that would make tracking them down in the future, if they ever again attempted a runner, a very easy task indeed. And my job was to never let on that now we had our insidious cross-hairs fixed on them they better not buy a house or have kids because then the company would certainly have them in their clutches forever - the paper trail from such life-events was extraordinary and a debtor with a house was a sitting duck. Finally, my job was to never ever mention bankruptcy, as recent changes in the law meant the smart defaulter could be debt-free in as little as three years and my bosses with their pretty Belgian boyfriends and their laughable toupees perched atop their bald pates and their expensive beach-side townhouses, well, they’d be out of a job in a year. Personal bankruptcy has lost its stigma. The newspapers don’t even publish bankrupt’s names anymore. There are just so many ordinary people taking the bankruptcy route, it’s not even newsworthy in this day and age.
It was not a job in which I took any pride and although I enjoyed the extra-strong marijuana, I stopped visiting my boss after work because of the jealous Belgian’s gimlet eyed company, and the necessity of having to constantly ignore the boss’ advances and a few days later I had broken up with my hooker girlfriend - I couldn’t even be sure she noticed, her pethidine nightmare was so advanced - and quit my debt collecting job and boarded a plane for Beijing to teach English. But that escapade to China was short-lived, too, for I was destined to study for a PhD at Melbourne University, and besides which, the Chinese girls found me a bit too frightening compared to your typically malnourished Chinaman. And thus I duly returned, successfully proposed my research project to the research study board at the University of Melbourne, secured a notable supervisor, enrolled under an Indigenous scholarship and started living it up under a bridge (but more on that later).
Even now, Dewart’s foaming red would have been too thin for my liking. He was a pseudo-get that lived off the unhealthiest male denizens of the public toilet beats near Oxford Street. He drank semen rather than blood, and was destined to succumb to AIDS. Eventually, he would spread the virus to more than twenty other homosexual men before fading away himself. Maria was teaching me to be more discerning regarding HIV positive status, instructing me how to detect those who had been infected: seemingly healthy persons whom gave off a certain greenish aura around their carrier blood. It was as emerald as the phosphorescence of a deadly nightshade berry or some poisonous morning toadstool.
Here in Safi, self-loathing and the heaving black clouds of depression and my hunger for the unspeakable has set in again and I resolve to see how long I can fight it all. But my detective work pays off and I find a bootleg supplier of home-made wine and take a flagon to the sanctuary of my hotel bed, where, under a madly whirring ceiling fan, I thought about jotting down some romantic bon mots on the back of a French inscribed postcard promoting Marrakech to my darling Maria as I shudder down the roughly fermented and unpalatable fruit of the vine. Maria, who is probably working on her stomach-muscles with countless abdominal crunches and probably even cheating on me with the tall, fresh-faced, athletic young boys who played rugby or cricket and played the dating game especially well in suburban Canberra.
The wine was caustic on the palate but effectively chaptalised and with a few shining gutfuls I was soon feeling drunk. Nevertheless, I was anxious to the point of distracted inertia as I wrestled with my lover’s pen and my hater’s jealousy. If it’s true, then Maria’s experimental flirting is to be expected, really. She is a beautiful young woman learning all she can about the world, although university botany and the genetic secrets of the plant-world came first, and given the limitations imposed by her “family reasons”, I thought she had the makings of a damn fine PhD student and that we could one day be respected members of faculty, together on the same campus, but in different departments of course. The separating years could be conquered, although life would be all gain for her and mostly loss for me. But oh! The sweet sacrifice!
And so I vowed to be a better teacher for my young pupil Maria. I vowed also to workout tomorrow and return to Australia as fit, healthy and sober as possible. The Holy Trinity: sleep, exercise and real food, that’s what I needed.
And with something nice and expensive, as requested, for my one and only Maria.
Plus the precise information she just told me she wants.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER ELEVEN.


Vampire Girl 11. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“There was contempt and sarcasm in the cold grey eyes, whose glance, however, was at times so piercing that no one could endure it long.” - From the anonymous The Mysterious Stranger, translated from the German in 1860.

My vows soon forgotten, I spent all of the following week in Safi walking. One day, after a long, tepid shower in the gloomy Hotel Majestic bathroom, I glanced in the full length cracked, tarnished but ultimately incorruptible mirror and noticed how my calves now looked as good as when I was juiced up from stacking Stanazolol with Anavar and doing heavy hi-rep calf raises in my footy club’s gym in the early 1990s. The inverted heart-shape of my lower leg muscles was pronounced and quite impressive. Although I had retired from competitive football more than ten years previous, I was surprised to find my body to be returning to its best ever condition. Mere walking had never grown my physique before but here I was getting bigger and leaner again, without the help of Sustanon 250. It didn’t make sense, but I was returning to a muscular, hard and strong condition. Maybe 9 outta 10. You wouldn’t want to hit me with a mallet for fear of breaking the mallet, I thought imperiously.
Whilst walking once again from the Hotel Majestic to the Acima supermarket, I marvelled at the crowds of skinny, stupid-faced Arabian boys vying to enter the just-opened curiosity where items for sale were not subject to the Moroccan style negotiation over cost but actually had the never-before-seen western influence of, lo and behold, price tags. Such a modern-day oddity! Nowhere else in Safi did items for sale have fixed prices printed on stickers. The locals were astonished, such untutored hicks were they, and they milled across the now-hardened asphalt of the car park like hopeful ducks on a pond.
Black-suited security guards in gold-braided epaulettes and ribboned berets terrorised the excited melee with constantly barking Alsatian dogs on stretched leashes, but the thronging crowd still swelled as word spread of the newest attraction in town. The veiled housewives were admitted without waiting but the dozens of unemployed men and boys were made to linger, held at bay by the small army of guards and their muzzled hounds. Slavering rabidly, the dogs served to cauterise the area from unwelcome infection, the pus-like onslaught of penniless Safian rubber-neckers.
Taking shameless advantage of the assembled audience was a parade of local rebel kids strolling back and forth along the outskirts of the event. Four teenaged girls in cheap blue denims, waist-tied blouses revealing their scandalously bare midriffs and not the slightest hint of a veil hiding their hair, let alone the bare flesh of their décolletage, ambled along the broken sidewalk, hand held in reassuring girlfriend’s hand. Behind them dawdled four teenage boys, loosely louche in gaudy American basketball tees or muscle shirts revealing not a trace of the biceps they were meant to display or hoodies with college motifs from universities they would never attend and long, baggy shorts sagging beneath their buttocks as they displayed their imitation designer underwear. Like the girls, they were walking hand in hand, but with not even a hint of homosexuality about their intimate same sex behaviour. All the teens, male and female, had enough product in their wildly teased hair to constitute a fire hazard and all were chatting and giggling in low tones, steadfastly ignoring the disapproving glances of the adults they passed. They were noisily pushing out energy and moseying it around but were embarrassed and uncertain of what to do with it. Adolescent bravado. Daring but vacant. Not acceptable Muslim behaviour at all and the passing motorists jeered.
A few single men and veiled single women also strolled the downtown streets past the Acima supermarket in the refreshing cool of the approaching evening and arranged their later rendezvous after little more than conservative winks, stares, nods and smiles. That was far more acceptable Muslim behaviour, and the police were not inclined to move them on.
Another time, on calves of hardened steel, I walked to the rubbish-strewn cinema where I sat in the back row and watched the young people smoking cheap cigarettes and whooping and catcalling whenever a Hollywood actress showed any of her usually censored flesh on the screen. After that night’s final session a girl was found dead in the last row, drained of blood, a tacky chain of which petered out two seats from the centre aisle, punctuated by small Rorschach puddles of blackened red, one shaped like an unlucky clover. All that remained of her teenage dreams was a pitifully cold, blue-tinted figure prostrate in the stalls, her life essence gulped away. Bloody teenagers. That certainly was not acceptable behaviour, Muslim or otherwise.
The following day, on calves with inbuilt springs, I walked past the ugly ammonium phosphate fertiliser refinery (even though the streets were un-shaded, brutally hot and forever buzzing with minute blood-sucking flies which, for some reason, were still disobeying my instructions, like schoolchildren after guzzling cordial, alighting, whizzing off, then re-alighting with intensity as they frantically sought the moisture of my skin’s oily sebum), and thence to the beach where the water was as clear as gin and not a single (or married) woman ventured.
Moroccan men of all ages did push-ups and sit-ups under a glaring sky filled with ceaseless nova-white sunshine. Oblivious to the ultra-violet radiation, they sprinted their hairy chested brown bodies along the broad orange sand where un-inviting lines of two-footers quietly crashed with clock-like regularity, putting up their frothy foam in gasping ridges to the shore. Speedos were worn but no-one surfed. Nobody was waiting for a decent set of proper waves. Nobody was ready to be trashed by breakers such as those deep green combers to be found at Margaret River or Bells. Nobody was waxing boards lovingly with half a mind to wax on forever and half a mind to setting out and showing off for the bikini parade that anywhere else in the world would have been lining the shore.
Rather, they tore up the heavy sand with callisthenics as if the earth-moving equipment parked in the wire enclosure nearby were simply waiting for their signal to start work and then the ten-thousand weight, Brobdingnagian machines would complete the inevitable, unstoppable process of evicting all non-paying humanity from poor Safi beach. The concrete foundations were being set for an Essaouira style resort, one that would neatly partition the sands into a formal square, a tan-coloured prayer rug in front of the kneeling steps. She had kept her virginity since the 16th Century but was now succumbing to so-called tourist development: a gangbang of French francs. Poor Safi beach was to be raped and no-one would remember her.
My interest dissolved, I was ambling back along the beach in the direction of town, when a voice like a blunt needle stopped me.
“Professor! Hallooo, Professor!” The beak-nosed man, grinning like a child. With a jolt of discomfort I remembered how I had inflated my credentials when quizzed over hash pipes about my trade the previous night. Professor? I wish!
He looked my physique over and, entirely free of tact or sub-text, initiated a query:
“Professor, you are Nigger?”
I lapsed into my well-worn teaching mode. “No, mate, I’m not. I’m a part-Aboriginal man from Australia, remember? ‘Nigger’ is short for Negro, as in African American. And it’s very impolite to call someone ‘Nigger’, anyway.”
“But you not white, not much white.”
“True, I’m maybe the same colour as you. Are you, therefore, a Nigger?”
Beak Nose, with his sun-caramelised skin, paused to think, slowly processing my suggestion in the space between an English sentence and an Arabic sentence, then roared with a solid wall of laughter. He had smoothed the perplexity of language into amity and punched me playfully on my bare shoulder, the same shoulder whose ambiguous skin tone had earned his scrutiny and caused him the erstwhile consternation. In a flash, his expression had altered and it became apparent that he possessed just enough English to be undeterred by the patently obvious impossibility of conducting a conversation with me.
“Professor, you are like Ah-nol, Ah-nol Shwah-tsen-nigger! So much muscles!”
“Yes, I am a bodybuilder. Bod-ee-bil-dah. It means I do weight-lifting. You understand?”
For a moment I was thinking how ridiculous I must sound. As if bodybuilding is an occupation, as opposed to an embarrassing character defect. How could he possibly understand? I didn’t.
Suddenly bored, or just hiding general miscomprehension, Beak Nose nodded seaward. “You can swim, Professor?” he challenged good-naturedly, before bounding into the shallows and duck-diving beneath the tiny swell. Surfacing, he commenced a stiff-armed pounding of the Atlantic, a stroke approximating what was once called Australian crawl, but is now practiced in Olympic swimming pools across the world and referred to as freestyle. After a few ineffectual blows with his uncoordinated limbs, he stopped and preceded to stand in the friendly, chest-deep water, surprised that he was still within sight of the shore, and there, standing upon it, me.
He called to me, of course, to come in but I was disinterested in pursuing the laboured conversation. Taking his mid-distance as the cue, I feigned deafness and signed that I was heading back to my hotel. His deltoids cleared the surface as he shrugged off the snub, and returned to his un-coached parody of our Down Under country’s finest contribution to water sports. His splashing laughter evaporated into the hot white sky behind me as I stepped heavily from one sand-engulfing footstep to the next.
Beyond la Plage where I ventured next was the flat, stony desert and burnt out plains known as Hammada, and I pulled on my camel hide slippers like a native. Arabian cameleers, self-righteous owners of the ships of the deserts, ruled supreme in this barren moonscape. Camelus dromedarius can go for five days without drinking in summer and two weeks in winter. They say it can drink more than twenty gallons in a go. If required, an unproud man dying of thirst can save himself by shoving a stick down a camel’s gullet and drinking the puked up water or sipping the fuming blood from its carefully pierced jugular. Such distasteful things are easy when death beckons so cruelly and with such certainty.
I walked to the southern edge of the Hammada, where it bordered the town and where a gritty wind howled down on me, grasping the stink of my body and wrestling it back out to the sea. This was where the spindly low Argan trees grew and not much else. Semi-wild herds of ugly black-tufted goats skipped into the branches and old women collected the tree’s seeds from their ball-bearing dung to make Argan oil for the most expensive of cosmetics. The faces and many chins of portly rich matrons in Florida and Doublebay smoothed by the undigested contents of goat droppings!
I walked until my protesting feet were blistered and steaming, although they seemed to miraculously recover within a few short minutes of resting. I walked because taxi-driving morons, who spoke only Arabic or French, commandeered the route according to their expectations of how many paying locals they could hope to gather along the way and they would always make the journey twice as long as necessary. I walked because it opened my eyes, my senses and the hillocks of my leg muscles beneath my Gandoora to Safi’s smaller than the castle delights, the curios of small town Moroccan exotica as yet unseen, I’d wager, by any other Aboriginal Australian. And I always stopped my walking, panting and with heavy but wing’d feet, at the café adjacent to the Hotel Majestic to briefly rest the Gastrocnemius of my tired but growing calves.
Named The Negresco, it was a modest, undistinguished establishment, but I welcomed its shade and the proprietors paid me no heed as long as I paid my bill. So, there I would casually saunter in, as casual and literary-looking as I could manage, with a foolscap notebook under my arm and playing the part of the urbane traveller writing up his experiences as if on a generous publisher’s advance. Of course, after my walking marathon I’d be bushed for a few minutes, before once again celebrating the accomplishment of the journey with a daily croissant accompanied by an aromatic small white coffee - it was becoming a most enjoyable, relaxing ritual - and from that vantage point at the The Negresco I took digital pictures of the castle with my multitasking phone in varying degrees of light, much the same way the hideous tourists capture the changing desert colours of Uluru. Maria appreciated this small effort, these photos I sent as jpeg attachments with my dependable emails, but as she said it wasn’t really necessary anymore. She could see it all now as if she were looking through my very own, chocolate-brown retinas and over my broad part-Aboriginal nose onto the vistas that were spread out before me.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER TWELVE.



Vampire Girl 12. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“But you must not eat the flesh with the life, which is the blood, still in it.” - The Christian God to the human named Noah, as quoted in the book of Genesis.

It was deathly still, Gentle Reader, and I had passed out from too much wine and beer. Several hours after my last Flag Special, I suddenly awoke, dry mouthed and thirsting, climbing out of the clutch of that benign god Morpheus and the deep state of non-being in which I had been so pleasurably immersed, with sorry-eyed reluctance. But I was sufficiently energised by the deep sable of the night, the apparent lifelessness of Safi at three o’clock in the cold, numbing morning to once again anticipate the enactment of great deeds. And I could have sworn Maria had actually been there with me in this bare Safi hotel room only seconds before, describing the exquisite tasting life-blood that awaited me outside. Maria was cultivating my enthusiasm like an Olympic coach.
Instructing me and guiding me. Sending me on a mission like an M16 covert operative. Like a 21st Century James Bond. A truly personal, exciting and vitally important mission, perhaps, but one for which my licence to kill came from a far higher power than that of Q.
I knew I had to get outside immediately. Yes, immediately. Unnoticed, I crept past Potato Nose who was asleep at the reception desk and down the hotel stairs as quietly as any prowling, sinewy tomcat. Outside on the deserted street, I cocked my head, sharpening my senses on a blade of brisk night air. I licked a finger to gauge the direction of the faint breeze: the sanguine soupcon of which led me westwards as I endeavoured to keep upwind of any potential prey. It was just like the previous winter, stalking the elusive Sambar deer at God’s End with my trusty Brno .22.
And so I soon found myself in the seedy part of Safi, where the cargo train-line went underground in a 17th Century carved catacomb and where alley cats searched for discarded sardine heads. Here lived the human refuse of Safi society, desperately surviving from minute to minute, from grubbing hand to swallowing mouth. Here there were no barriers to brutal opportunism. Here I learned to be a Vampire that never hesitated.
I offered a hungry girl in rags a few coins and left her near-naked body jerking in shock as her dry tongue lolled and the eyes filmed over, nearly five kilometres from the castle. It was a desolate, hidden spot where I had eventually discarded her, a nook tucked into the edge of the cliff overlooking the cold, insincere sea. A splash of her crimson blood remained on my Gandoora like a madman’s brushstroke upon a canvas of despair, but I was not so careless anymore. The long shirt went deep inside a garbage hopper two blocks from the hotel and I returned to my room bare-chested, slaked and bloated. Potato Nose was still asleep at his post, oblivious, but caution was a habit I needed.
In the few hours of the daytime in which I dared venture outside I bought fresh Muslim clothing and camel hide shoes with curling toes but not much real food these days of night-time feeding.
Then one unusually overcast and sullen day, whilst combing the ceramics market for I know not what, I was surprised to hear a young woman’s voice beckoning to me in heavily accented and lilting English. She was not exactly acting like a haughty Myers shop assistant.
“Hallo! Hallo, mister! Come here! Come here, mister!”
I stopped. Listened. Turned. And stared. Snapped into a state of readiness, like a jungle cat. Senses alert for any threat the voice might harbour.
Ah, but she was so stunning in her grinning good looks. A brown-skinned girl, of course. Not as dark as the liquorice-skinned, full-blood Aboriginal relatives of mine in Mt. Isa but had she grown up in Canberra, as I had, she would have been victim to much racial taunting.
In her early twenties, the dusky-skinned woman was quite slim and simply beaming with life and positivity. Her teeth were a startling white and unusually well-cared for in her blue scarfed face and she radiated pure joy at having successfully attracted a handsome (and undoubtedly wealthy) foreigner to her family’s ceramics stall. It was the off-peak season, the low season, for the trickle of tourists who ever make it to Safi and I dare say most of her family’s earthenware produced that month would eventually be trucked off to be sold at markets in the more populous tourist destinations of Casablanca, Essaouira or Marrakech.
The exuberant little woman was certainly attractive: a fine, supple young female. The kind that should be closely studied by any extra-terrestrials intending a colonisation of planet Earth and seeking scientific knowledge of Homo sapiens, for she was a perfect specimen. Her throat was like milk coffee and the wisp of hair showing under her headscarf was a lively warm black. I was momentarily transfixed as a lock of that fine keratin performed a miniature dance step on a near invisible breeze. Standing, she was just about as high as my mouth, which was not a good thing, when you come to think about it.
These features all, along with a robust constitution, she would confer to many healthy offspring, for the breeding of whom she had been expressly created. This much I could tell just by looking.
Her broad lips were free from cosmetics but her tempting, tobacco-brown eyes were thickly and expertly outlined with kohl. When she blushed, which was often and which was always becoming, then colour rose to her cheeks like a surging wave, crashing close to the surface, borne there by the rude health and vitality of her pumping young heart.
Her dark eyes were filling the little canvas-awned shop. Witnessing the phenomenon that was her vibrant life being lived right in front of me with every charming breath so real, so vigorous, I suddenly found myself experiencing a most rapacious hunger. For a few seconds I was hotter than hot for a sex-crime of the worst possible kind. Repugnant thoughts squirmed in my mind, the loins seethed and I felt the fury of my insatiable bloodlust, for my morals had coarsened to the extent the libido now set the agenda.
But out here in the ceramics marketplace was far too exposed, too dangerous, and my superego somehow overpowered the predatory id. I thus dismissed my hunger for blood - the volatile hunger that usually found satiation in the small hours of the night - because of her fortunate beauty and forthright ways and the more pragmatic fact that there were so many alert eyes watching. My very presence fertilised seedlings of suspicion in the distrustful minds of the Arabian stall-holders adjacent, so I introduced himself to the girl and then, with a well-practiced stutter belying a falsely staged shyness, politely asked for her name (although my loins were still bucking).
She giggled demurely, lowering her gaze beneath that wayward dark wisp of hair that glinted with a soft hint of henna like a strand of the utmost good magic, and confessed: “Jemilah.”

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER THIRTEEN.



Vampire Girl 13. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Stoker reveals a pattern of male aversion towards women attempting to assert themselves both in the home and in the workplace.” - Ashley Craig Lancaster in “Demonizing the emerging woman: Misrepresenting morality in Dracula and God’s Little Acre,” The Journal of Dracula Studies, 6, 2004: 27.

Squatting inelegantly in the Arabian fashion (after concluding the usual formalities of introduction with the typically tedious questions about my health, my parents and the obligatory salutation of Allah al’Akbah), the inquisitive Jemilah smiled widely as she peered closely at his face and unselfconsciously commanded: “Eat! Eat Tajine!”
She scooped with the digits of her cleansed right hand the soft chicken meat that was falling ever so gently from the bone, then several sweetly pickled lemons and a generous serving of fragrantly oiled potatoes from the conical clay dish, depositing the food onto a handmade, finely detailed example of her family stall’s very own blue and yellow glazed crockery. She next broke a loaf of fresh herb and seed bread for me as I smiled back at her nervously. But as she looked into my eyes, for the briefest of moments, she lived and grew in the hot life of my lust, as if she could be a possession, a creation of mine. That is both the skill and the weakness of young women.
Although I was hungry for a sanguinary meal as opposed to everyday chicken, I quickly decided that I was not about to add Jemilah to my list of bloody conquests. Not really knowing how to make small talk with an apparently unmarried and beautiful young Moroccan woman, I masticated slowly while continuing to smile munificently as my dark thoughts stalked elsewhere, negotiating the other end of a deep secret. I only half noticed as she mumbled some feminine disapproval about the politics of Morocco which was so vapid and evanescent it stood no chance of being remembered. Indeed, it evaporated from my mind and memory instantly. Nevertheless, I shook my head dolefully, as if the sorry state of humanity today made it all too true, whatever it was she had just said.
She would remain off-limits to my carnivorous appetite but Jemilah’s acquaintances at the feast: were they potential sources of sustenance? Her apparently mentally retarded brother, Elijah, was less than promising. After I had wiped clean the fingers of my right hand (and Elijah had not his), the plump youth with a wispy down-like excuse for a moustache, shook it with all the enthusiasm and sincerity of a rotting sea bass. He whispered “Hallo, sir”, in a voice as immature and feminine as his moustache. Also present was Jemilah’s very fat girlfriend, Fatima, whom I respectfully nodded to and then proceeded to politely ignore. Neither of the two had names I was intending ever to remember and neither tempted me in the other way.
But Jemilah was certainly memorable. Her loveliness could not be denied, there was no point in being coy about it, even if only to myself. Her beauty was expertly groomed like one might prepare a prize show-horse (as if she had pedicured hooves varnished with linseed oil, a curry-combed coat and tail-hair tightly braided), a filly ready for display, I thought. Equine analogies aside, it was her sensual, dark-rimmed eyes that most captivated and these very same, occasionally downcast eyes were continually betraying what I imagined were lusty thoughts. I could just make out the outline of her ripe breasts as they heaved with each unhurried breath beneath her straining, pale-blue Gandoora.
Jemilah asked what my occupation was and I found myself saying in a voice almost unrecognisable to myself: “Writer and university student,” and not that great conversation stopper: “Bloodsucking Vampire in training.” But all too soon she had exhausted her limited English and the sticky almond and honey biscuits for dessert had been shared around and I knew nothing more could possibly come of this encounter, regardless of what I thought was a mischievous twinkle in Jemilah’s eye. Maria never ran out of words, even when she was on the other side of the world, and this woman, she assured me, was just a common, garden variety, Muslim slut. Yes, she repeated, a common Muslim slut, and isn’t it time you came back to Australia? You don’t want to get behind on your thesis, Sterling, my love.
***
Losing track of this quotidian existence, my mind mumbled and I wasn’t sure if what had happened two months ago hadn’t actually happened yesterday, for facts were nebulising in a most disconcerting fashion. I was now nearly broke (or was it then? The precise boundaries of ‘now’ have seeped and gone somewhat feathery), completely out of US greenbacks and my handful of local currency permitted little more than a bus fare to Casablanca and a rescheduling of my return tickets to Canberra. This was the objective, I knew that much, but there was too much time to kill. Waiting for the next flight in cosmopolitan Casablanca, I soon found myself quite utterly insolvent and yet the doof doof doof coming through the glass doors, right along the concrete footpath, up my legs and into my very spine drew me inescapably to a high-rent and considerably overpriced part of Casa nightlife.
After shedding my local attire of a stained Gandoora and changing, I pushed open the door of the Casablanca Hilton Hotel nightclub, recessed in its cadmium yellow shine of gaudy neon-light, and a gust of smoke-laden, ice-cold air-conditioning billowed out, carrying aloft a confusing babble of conversation, laughter and 90s disco. It smote me in the face like a crashing wave of the decadent, hedonistic West.
Both the doorman and the Maitre de noticed not my wide shoulders but rather a slight shabbiness about my jeans and my off-white shirt and at first, I think, suspected I was a hustler searching for a rich matron with marital problems to confess and bodily urges to satisfy, but never-the-less conceded that I was western and probably well-off, so they nodded deferentially to me. The horror of a hungry and penniless Vampire was unrecognised and I was granted too easy entry.
I approached the hotel’s late-night money exchange office and tapped on the glass of the heavily barred cage. The porthole slid open and the uniformed woman inside studied my plastic but entirely authentic Australian dollars for several minutes before apologising in broken English and explaining that they could not help me. It seemed it was true: no one in the entire country of Morocco would exchange Aussie dollars for dirham and I found myself returning to the cheap street stall sources of ordinary human food outside.
With my few remaining dirham I bought from a vendor - who had been minding his own business, dozing, as he squatted on a sheet of cardboard outside the hotel - some bread and Zaalouk: a delicious but only entrée-sized serve of dip made from eggplant and spicy tomato. I looked him up and down, assessing his nutritional value, but decided against it: he was a mess of stinking cancers, although he knew this not. The bread and dip would fill the gap in my gut a little and so I retired to a dark corner of the Souk where I too sat on a discarded sheet of cardboard, hanging my head low as I chewed and pondered my gloomy position.
Melbourne was a city that welcomed tourists, especially if they had well-padded wallets. But it proclaimed itself the world’s most liveable city and thus viewed all newcomers with suspicion: were they trying to get a life here too?
“Do you have a visa? Are you a bona fide refugee? Have you filled out the forms?,” the politicians and bureaucrats of the city demanded. “You’re sure you’re not a terrorist?,” they interrogated. “You are a threat to our Aussie lifestyle,” they insinuated. Everybody from overseas knew that once permitted to live in a Melbourne suburb your family would never again go hungry or be turned away from medical care if in your hour of need.
But I wasn’t in Melbourne at that moment of need. I was in Casablanca, a city that said in the boldest of terms: “Spend, tourist, spend! And when you have spent all you can then sleep in our hotels and come back and spend some more. And we won’t ask any questions for you will probably be gone soon. For no one would want to stay in Morocco.”
“Morocco has some catching up to do,” I said to myself, for Melbourne still had a few inhabitants who knew the meaning of the word humanity. And for a moment I, de Bortoli, the erratic excursionist, was on Lygon Street again.
“I want you to accept my apology,” I said, giving the man I had insulted no room for manoeuvre. “You’ve shown far better manners than me.”
“Forget it, man,” the Good Bloke said, “It’s all water under the bridge.”
There were some big people left in the world after all.
“That’s where I live,” I said, “Under the bridge.”
But his largesse exhausted, the Good Bloke had moved on, disdainful and justified.
Of course, these days I would have never apologised to a mere mortal. I’d just rip his lungs out, biting exactly like a Doberman bites, simultaneously ripping and snarling, tearing and shredding, demanding mouthfuls of neck and getting satisfaction, for I had become a Vampire who never said sorry. I returned to the hotel in Casablanca almost an hour later, just after the doormen and other staff had changed shifts, for the unspeakable hunger had returned, as I knew it would. I cased the joint, full of sliding faces lit by 70s mirror-balls, searching for prospective nourishment of a more substantial nature than the insubstantial bread and Zaalouk.
Afterwards, I found myself walking out of the hotel, still fund-less and un-fed, with the strategy being that my quick return would bring an even easier seduction of the dark tattooed girl of the night who had been dancing voluptuously with her girlfriends, sluttily attired in midriff halter tops and high heeled boots. Their neophyte alcoholism and rebellious consumption of raspberry flavoured Vodka Cruisers in the all night basement discothèque was being deliberately overlooked by the normally tut-tutting guardians of the bar. Being the classy, well-regarded Hilton, the management could usher the demimondes into a secret room if the local constabulary paid an un-warned of visit. Such ‘raids’ were rarely unexpected, however, for the proprietors paid small but regular Baksheesh for the protection.
I had given the girl a sly wink, and deliberately left her before immediately striking up short conversation with another girl, noting the disappointment in the first one’s dark, violent eyes that lasted until I gave her a second wink. I had then climbed up the stairs and given the doorman an excuse about having left my cell phone in the BMW, also offering the advice I would be back in several minutes and that the guy might even expect a tip.
As I had expected, the slightly inebriated Muslim girl with the tattoos smiled with happy surprise upon seeing me return to the discotheque and this made the conquest, although no less risky for its public position, much simpler. With a hand resting gently on her lower back, I escorted her to a darkened corner of the nightclub where her mouth, her throat, her jugular, affected me almost to the point of drunkenness. She was soon on her way to becoming that un-holiest of harpies, an Undead creature that lived on blood alone, although I couldn’t get over how alike her eye makeup was to Jemilah’s look.
Upon leaving her small, drained husk of a body behind, slumped unceremoniously beneath a table in the high class Casablancan den of inequity, the revolving door of my temporary meat market closed on me like a sentence, sealing the air-conditioned cool in and the white-hot heat of the Vampire out. A speck of the girl’s blood had fallen onto my shirt and was oxidising to rusty-brown, but nobody noticed and I didn’t care anyway, as I pole-vaulted into the hot, salty air.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER FOURTEEN.



Alpha Vampire Girl. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.” - Prince Gautama Siddharta, the founder of Buddhism (563 - 483 BC).

Jemilah had soon realised her mistake about de Bortoli, Good Reader, but reluctantly, it must be noted His smile was a mendacious front and deception was his only real goal. She acknowledged, via an intuitive sense she could not explain with science or logic, that de Bortoli had more heinous things to do than write his thesis these depraved days and nefarious nights and the attraction she had initially felt went the way of the wind. He was skilfully hiding his monstrosity and was not to be trusted. This sudden insight momentarily chilled her to the soft marrow of her bones and she had to twist her neck slightly so as to once again feel the comforting Crucifix nestled at the base of her throat and secreted beneath the laced hem of her Gandoora. The filigree pattern on the silver icon was worn smooth from touching, worn down from worry.
Still it saddened her that such an otherwise good-looking and apparently educated man was being led down an abominable corridor that could only lead to eternal damnation. Oh, there were those who would try to explain his wicked abnormality with more agreeable adjectives suggesting some mere physical illness; the iron deficiency Porphyria which was caused by a congenital blood disorder; Anaemia resulting from insufficient haemoglobin; the psychosis of full moon mania; or just an ordinary sleep disorder; but the only truly accurate medical diagnosis was that of Haemato dipsia, a deviant need to drink, see, bathe in or just simply smell the spilt blood of other humans.
Whatever medical nomenclature was used and/or substituted by those scientists and psychiatrists aspiring to logical objectivity, Jemilah could instinctively tell that the devious guest in her seaside hometown was well on his way to becoming a revenant: one who returns from death to endure the subsistence of an incorporeal entity, existing somewhere between what most people understand to be life and decay. But just as something unusual and uncanny was now coursing through de Bortoli’s blood, Jemilah had something unusual and uncanny circulating in her.
She was a Vampire Slayer. And she longed to prove herself.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER FIFTEEN.



Vampire Girl 15. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“A man entirely absorbed of himself … He was no longer to be recognized; at first he returned with the evening to the house; but at last he laid him down to rest wherever fatigue overtook him.” - From The Vampyre by Dr John William Polidori, circa 1819.

December 20th 2008. Or around then. Probably. Anyway, the lack of progress I’d been making on my PhD dissertation left my candidature on somewhat shaky ground, so I was back in Melbourne and with Christmas fast approaching I furiously typed away on the second laptop borrowed from the university library (on very generous sufferance). I was cosseted away in a hidey-hole I had found under a footbridge on campus, enjoying the uplifting quiet of a scholarly existence which is possibly the nearest of all things to a peaceful existence for an academic. Indeed, such splendid isolation is only a few pages short of Heavenly if the thesis so permits.
As the refreshing cool of summer rain clouds approached, floating across the Melbourne skyline like turgid water balloons, and as the cadaverous-looking tenured professors passed by my concealed study nook in their tiered and salaried ranks, like three piece-suited automatons, not noticing me at all, I desperately felt the need to submit a revised draft of my dissertation. It was as if there might never be another chance to acquit myself as the intellectual I somewhat proudly believed myself to be.
Returned to the campus of Melbourne University as I now was, I revelled in an anarchic subsistence typified by my choice of rent-free accommodation. In the recent past this unconventional ‘housing’ had been a financial windfall considering how frequently I bussed from Melbourne to stay in Maria’s darkened digs in Canberra and how every dollar not spent on rent could instead finance my bus fare.
OK, I’ll let you in on my secret, Gentle Reader. You see, at the University of Melbourne grounds in inner-city Parkville there is a long, raised, concrete and steel overpass connecting the campus footpath near the Commonwealth Bank ATM with the Earth Sciences, Geology and Meteorology building way over on the other side of Swanston Street, far across the humming, bell-ringing tram-lines. In my first week of enrolment, whilst still new in Melbourne and staying in an expensive but third rate hotel near the university, I noticed several aimless winos congregating there, unseen by all but the most observant of authorities or even the usually eagle-eyed tram drivers (who had a locked restroom on the ground floor of the building). The drunks spent their time drinking and passing out in the shaded bamboo grove around the base of the Swanston Street side of the walkway. But of course, there were the usual flare-ups and scuffles: it was not a community I wanted to irritate let alone join. It was not the in crowd, even for a transient such as I.
Instead, I had then investigated the much quieter opposite end of the elevated walkway, nearby the entrance to the Refectory, and was pleasantly rewarded with the discovery of a green-veiled nook beneath the bamboo copse surrounding the low base of this more genteel end of the bridge. The leafy Chinese plants grew unfettered, densely surrounding the bridge’s base, which was some eight metres wide, but only one and a half metres high at the tallest part of its internal clearing and which gradually tapered down to a scant thirty centimetres in height.
The middle, however, was bare and dark. It was the area of a very small, low-ceilinged bedroom, but windowless and with a dirt floor.
The usual homeless inebriates couldn’t attend that side of the campus which, after the last tutor and diligent student had departed, was occupied in the vicinity of the bridge only by the gentle sighing of the feathery bamboo tops. The university grounds were pretty much off-bounds to all but enrolled students, lowly security guards and nobly tenured or impatiently sessional academics and identity checks were regularly carried out on the traffic presenting at all the entry gates.
An explorative or wandering alcoholics’ absence of personal hygiene and their anti-social squabbles with drink-affected mates would soon have brought their grouped presence to the authorities’ attention and the security guards would have been summoned to arrive en masse to evict them.
But a little tent could be erected there, in the enclosed space under the bridge, entirely invisible to anyone unprepared to get down on their hands and knees and crawl in through the difficult to find gap in the curtain of Poaceae bambuseae. The solution to Melbourne’s tight rental market could be bought with solitude, secrecy, careful exits and furtive entrances. And I was prepared to pay that price.
Immediately adjacent to my clandestine campsite was a small ornamental rock pool. At the edge of the bamboo thicket, it was bordered on one side with bushes of nectar-laden, coiling, grevillea flowers resplendent with scarlet blossoms in the spring. But because of the drought and the subsequent water restrictions the pool had not been filled or even maintained for at least three years. Nevertheless, it still retained a few centimetres of brackish runoff collected from the night time automatic sprinklers that duly nourished the neatly trimmed buffalo grass lawns and not much else in the way of plant life except the hardy bamboo.
In this stagnant puddle, prevented from seepage into the dry earth below by the thick layers of black plastic lining the man-made pond, the mosquito larvae bred and flourished. Their winged adults liked to congregate in the cool low shade under the bridge where I had indeed soon pitched my green and grey tinted, low-profile, nylon hiker’s tent - wedged tight and unexpected into the corner. As a result, quality insect netting covering all the ventilation points of the tent was necessary, it must be noted, for I had not yet achieved dominion over the lower orders of bloodsuckers.
Once in the shelter, with all the flaps zippered shut, however, I could study and sleep undisturbed and undiscovered. Here I was utterly invisible to passers-by thanks to the almost impenetrable undergrowth of bamboo hiding the base of the bridge.
Access to my little womb of safety was achieved by crawling through a tiny break on the shadowed side of the bridge, but this effort was not rewarded by a chance to stand upright once inside: at a height of just a metre and a half, I was required to stoop.
Nevertheless, a stained-brown, two-seater lounge suite and a pair of dented, matt black filing cabinets that had been jettisoned nearby by academic staff in an annual revamping of their offices were soon also installed in the cramped darkness of my private study, the concrete ceiling of which I covered with stencilled outlines of my hands - like sacred cave paintings - and a sign declaring the site to be ‘God’s End Too’, although there were never any visitors to bear it witness.
Most boldly, the malapert that I am had discovered a 240 volt electricity outlet, long-forgotten under the brown bamboo mulch near the pond. It had been established to permit the operation of a years-ago decommissioned fountain in the rock pool - and I triumphantly snaked an extension cord deep under the gum nuts and bamboo leaf litter to my hidden quarterage and ran a small desk lamp for my prolific reading and from which I recharged the library’s laptop computer and my rarely-called mobile phone while I slept.
I reminded himself, when the thought of relaxing in front of a widescreen, surround sound plasma television beckoned, that TV was like a soul-destroying ping pong match between asinine chatter designed to sell the viewer junk he doesn’t need and the dumbed-down five second sound and vision bites that pass for news bulletins these days. The idiot box I could do without. Even if screens larger than what was even sane ten years ago could now be bought with little more than spare change at a supermarket.
Apart from making much noise the only thing I couldn’t dare do in my otherwise comfy little hidey-hole was cook, and although I am an adequate chef when pressed, I far preferred to dine at the wonderful restaurants and cafés of nearby world famous Lygon Street. Here one could feast on international cuisine at almost any time of day or night, so I barely regretted that inconvenience at all.
Almost any time of night, that is. There was remembrance of an event early one morning in my first year at Melbourne Uni. Racked by chronic insomnia, I got out from my camouflaged hide, disturbing a grazing rabbit which turned its scut and loped away into the shadows, as irritated as such docile creatures can get. As an antidote to my sleeplessness I set about finding a meal. But all that remained open at that early hour was a “Starving Jacks” outlet in Carlton. I consulted the illuminated menu on the drive-thru wall and ordered their most expensive burger with well-founded trepidation.
On receipt of the wax paper wrapped sandwich, I studied the highly stacked creation apprehensively. The reheated grey mincemeat, yellow seam of egg, globules of fat congealed on limp lettuce and blackened strands of onion. The orange square of cheese-substitute fresh from the plastic factory. The sugary white bun with so much preservative it could never decay or rot. The token sprinkle of zestless sesame seeds. The squirt of tomato and smear of cold margarine.
Grimacing, I took a bite, chewing it doggedly, and the greasy mess became swallowable, but only just. Even Jemilah’s Tajine was more palatable. I would later recall this unsatisfying culinary experience with a shudder when I realised I was addicted to the first class nutrition of human blood. In this new, inhuman condition, in the night-time of Melbourne, there were barely visible motions - mere insinuations - that beckoned from the backstreets of Carlton and which eventually coalesced into human shapes, and I began to menace and trouble these food sources relentlessly.
Carnage I promised and - never one to disappoint - carnage I would deliver.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER SIXTEEN.



Alpha Vampire Girl. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs 2012.

“In a gesture of Marialotry, Mina is cast in the role of the Blessed Mother by the Catholic Van Helsing …” - Sterling de Bortoli in “Keeping the faith: Catholicism in Dracula and its adaptations,” The Journal of Dracula Studies, 6, 2004: 15.

In the depths of his self-obsessed delirium, de Bortoli had incorrectly sensed Jemilah wanted to join him for the purpose of intimate dalliance. But know ye, Good Reader, despite never having slept with her he was still 100% in love with that wonderful, intriguing, blackly Goth-clad, Emo girl of his back in Canberra. He was in love with her intelligence, in love with her wit, in love with her conversation, in love with her loyalty, and, he was beginning to realise, in love with her psychic instruction. For Maria was unlike other Goths - she was no typically sulking, emotion-draining sinkhole threatening suicide at every personal setback, imagined or otherwise, nor was she like the unstable life-sapping wives who had long since dragged his former mates from school down the slippery slope into married-with-children misery. Such women were nothing less than psychic Vampires. True, his relationship with Maria had yet to be consummated. But she was worth waiting for, he convinced himself.
And at any rate, for male humans such as he, sex is something one can always purchase with ready cash, whatever country the unsatisfied man strays to. But a short physical relationship with a non-demimondaine stranger such as Jemilah was impossible for de Bortoli to undertake. If there was to be no connection on a higher level then no true intimacy could be achieved and while he gathered she would be an easily non-financial conquest he was not going to bother wasting his testosterone-charged time with her. The absence of morning after talk - which he secretly craved - and the inevitable guilt involved when eventually she became just another source of sanguinary sustenance, would destroy him emotionally. Besides he’d already noticed the invidious Arabian men, standing with legs wide, arms argumentatively folded and challenging across the courtyard beside her pottery stall, throwing him vicious looks of warning for the transgression of talking with a good, wholesome Arabian girl. De Bortoli contemplated taking on the jealous pottery merchants later that night, just for the fun of it, but astutely acknowledged his vulnerable position as daytime observed (and therefore highly identifiable) foreigner. He would be remembered and hunted down if suspicions about his night-time atrocities grew with any accuracy. Especially if his prey was someone so pretty that she was also not easily forgotten.
So instead, he bought from her a large gold-lined fruit platter and a trio of traditional Berber-styled blue vases and didn’t haggle over the price in a small gesture of thanks for the chicken Tajine and then said what he thought at the time was farewell forever to Jemilah. He could have only one Queen, his singular Liege, and if he pursued romance with Jemilah and they ever returned to Melbourne then the jealousy between the two potential Masters would cause him nothing but angst and he knew enough of women to know he would probably end up losing both of them, for all eternity, most likely. 
And Maria would only instruct him to turn women she knew to be so damaged they could be profitably nurtured and she wasn’t at all impressed with this particular one, who was beginning to occupy his thoughts a little too often.
 Still, the poor Arabian girl slept unevenly that night, the weight of defending all that was good in the world already starting to take a toll on her mental strength. Blood-soaked visions of unrivalled suffering caused her to toss and turn as the dragnet nightmares brought on cold sweats and several times she woke with a scream on the verge of escaping her quivering lips. Since the beginning of recorded time the sleep of the righteous has been taxed by unconscious fears of the baleful dead returning to terrorise the still living. Restless, dissatisfied and in neither Heaven nor Hades these ghoulish parasites wander amongst the living as they slept or tried to sleep.
“It ain’t easy, honey, bein’ a Vampire Slayer” go the lilting lyrics of a post-modern American country and western song that Jemilah had never once heard playing on the Moroccan state-sponsored FM radio. But know ye, Good Reader, she was about to dance a dangerous jig to its very same tune.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN.



Vampire Girl 17. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“I went down even into the vaults, where the dim light struggled, although to do so was a dread to my very soul.” - Jonathan Harker in Bram Stoker’s Dracula (1897).

On the other side of the world in Melbourne, no-one knew of my recent ribald and bloody rioting in Safi, and yet I occasionally wondered why I still seemed to have no real friends on campus. Was it because my grim, jaw-set visage scared off potential compatriots as I always looked like some bunch-muscled brute that might violently strike them down without provocation? Or was it the unusual whiteness of my now overlong canine teeth? Or was it because I could often be heard singing too loudly a ditty, with lyrics of my own authorship, sounding as if it were personally directed at those innocents around me? The immodest words of this overly angry mantra went as follows:
The world is full of cretins,
Morons they abound.
Villages run by idiots,
Their brains are all unsound.
***
But when I roam amongst them,
As the great Undead of Night,
Their cries they count for nothing,
And I sup until first light.
***
My Queen is right beside me,
To her ranks I thus deliv,
Another Undead soldier,
Who forever, now, shall live.

Even in the pre-Maria days, I admit that as the well-built colossus the gym-rats used to called ‘De Bortoli De Beast’ I had been known to callously and unexpectedly strike verbal assailants to the ground (once eye witnesses to their disrespectfully provocative vocal attacks against me were established).
The average Aussie pub punter holds much stead in who they perceive to be the instigator of any bar-room fracas. Such views declare that if you start something untoward then you deserve everything you get - even if it is a few nights in the Intensive Care ward of the nearest hospital.
My favoured style of retaliation at that time (though I sincerely believed it to technically be self-defence) was to grasp the hapless opponent’s neck in the crook of my left elbow, pull the antagonist’s head down out of the line of sight (hence permitting my own apparently serene face to beam out at the mildly questioning - if they even noticed at all - and usually drunken crowd, who were always ready to later explain in slurred tones to the summoned constabulary that the loud-mouthed little guy had asked for it and got exactly what was coming to him), whilst I quickly delivered bone-smashing right uppercut after right uppercut to my assailant’s increasingly bloody pulp of a face. The crowd would become a blur of disembodied smiles, and hands clutching drinks that swam in the electric white sea could never hurt me.
Ah, but I could hurt them. Often I had had to quickly slip out of a Melbourne inner city drinking hole never to return when a less than polite punter had ended up unconscious in a spreading pool of his own - now so tempting – red blood, and my own right hand knuckles were lacerated by the drunken mooncalf’s broken teeth or shattered nasal-bones.
Ah, the luscious food I had wasted in those relatively blameless days! Unquestionably, even before my visit to Morocco, the lingering look of my earlier decades of weight-training would have compounded this bravado and yes, actually encouraged this disrespect from lesser, slighter mortals. For even when malnourished, gaunt and festering in an alcoholic daze during my travails, even then when I felt depressed, reduced to living under a foot bridge, even in those long gone days before meeting Maria, I retained a square-shouldered-ness that worked like a red flag to the much younger male pub patrons seeking status amongst their there-to-be impressed mates. They’d see a once hard, once big man, under the weather, older and apparently vulnerable; and their unerring killer instincts would arise. Is it not human nature to want to kick a man in the teeth when he’s down?
But even in those same unhappy old days, a trick that never escaped my repertoire, no matter how protracted my physical infirmity, was the ability to make my pectoral muscles dance like two marionettes on the stage of a barrel-shaped chest. When I was alone, and although it was not technically a bodybuilding stage display, I often fancifully imagined myself in competition with a modern-day Schwarzenegger on the posing dais of a bodybuilding contest and I tensed (often unconsciously) my pecs, that is, the chest muscles, of one side then the other of my still imposing, wedge-shaped upper body and if someone was present to witness this trick it invariably registered that before them was a man once used to great feats of strength. Because when I got myself sober I was still formidable and healthy and strong: since childhood, for much more than half my forty-six years, I had been a devotee of hard, purifying exercise. I knew all that there was to know about cultivating the athletic form and even when swimming in a haze of alcoholism I still tried to eat right.
My diet, which tended to around six meals a day (that is, a ritual half a dozen sessions of degustation: breakfast, mid-morning meal, lunch, mid-afternoon meal, dinner and supper), was mostly low fat, high protein and high complex carbohydrates. I always trimmed the fat from my streaky bacon and blotted up the extra grease between sheets of serviette paper which I quickly removed and always, always, always forsook butter or margarine and when I went to dine at Fresherman’s Bakehouse just off Lygon Street, which was nearly everyday I was in Melbourne - it was, after all, only a short stroll from the Swanston Street start of my bridge - I would choose wholemeal or multigrain bread instead of the refined white rubbish and always selected steamed broccoli and lean marinated chicken breast and wholemeal pasta and grilled capsicum with jacket potatoes and I especially relished their lightly sautéed mushrooms. My cholesterol and triglycerol readings, revealed by quarterly blood tests (ordered by the doctor who was justifiably suspecting impaired liver function as a result of my over-indulgence in cheap wine), were always in the low to normal range. The quack always marvelled at my tolerance for ethanol: my liver should have been displaying all the hallmarks of a battered victim of domestic violence.
Still, nothing beats the complete nutrition of fresh, un-pasteurised, un-homogenised human blood. Deadly, unna.
***
And at moments like these I wondered at the mental healthiness of my solitary existence. The darkest thoughts could be dispelled - as they were with normal people - by a little convivial company. Alone those same thoughts clung to me like tenacious leeches.
Although the slight inconvenience of my unconventional housing was worth it for the substantial thrill I got every night when I crawled out from behind the bamboo curtain, shook off the twigs and sauntered unchecked to the university library. It was a real life I was in the middle of and although I was an aberration to most, I was unshackled and:
“By God or by Satan,” I declared to myself, “I am free!” as I researched my thesis and borrowed all the requisite reading.
When the stink of sweat mixed with decomposing bamboo and the sicklier, more subtle aroma of failure threatened to give away my presence to passing security guards, I took my showers and other ablutions only two hundred metres away at the university fitness centre.
Like a degenerate hunter peering out from a camouflaged bush-watching hide I quietly observed the university gardeners mowing the grass, which in the heat crackled like dry seed pods and sent up clouds of plant dust and chaff, a short five metres from the edge of my sheltered enclave. I waited until the coast was well clear before crawling out and tried to imagine how they would react (and what I would then have to do) if their hedge trimming brought the angry Troll of Melbourne University to their daylight attention.
At least I was not a child-eating Troll, I thought to myself, defensively. Or was I? What had happened in Morocco? Had I really taken mere children? My patchwork memory disappointed me - although I still remembered the beautiful Jemilah - and an awareness of my shortcomings plunged at my conscience like a dagger dipped in doubt.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN.



Alpha Vampire Girl.  Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“You are but mortal woman. Time is now to be dreaded – since once he put that mark upon your throat.” - Professor Van Helsing in Dracula (Bram Stoker, 1897).

Although unsure if he had in fact supped on children, de Bortoli did recall one eventful evening when his victim was perhaps young enough to qualify as such. Leaving his Safi accommodation one bright moonlit night when the Chateau de Mer showed its unmistakeable silhouette, perched on the edge of the seaside cliff (like a brooding stone behemoth contemplating a suicidal leap into the watery sound, or, if the point of view were reversed, like an earthen submarine emerging from the deep), he went in search of hot blood.
He dimly remembered meeting a coal-dark young woman from the slum-ridden East-side of Safi, dressed in western-style clothes and sporting a pimple spotted, salaciously unveiled forehead. She moused up to him, giving the impression of moving somewhat closer to the ground than normal people. With the enticement of a two hundred dirham note he let her glimpse as a teasing bait, he escorted the hooker to the deserted night-time cemetery, beneath an increasingly murky and dejected moon, as clouds seeped across the sky like pooling despair.
She had then sidled up to his firm, well-nourished bulk where they stood, half hidden in the long shadows of the high-walled graveyard, and whispered in as sultry a tone as she could muster:
“I am beautiful, no?”
De Bortoli looked her up and down like a side of chilled beef and took in her indeterminate hair, anonymous face and too-bright lipstick. She looked like a painted teenager, unsure and insecure.
He reserved his opinion and instead answered: “Fifty dirham for all the way.”
She almost spat out her refusal: “Five hundred.”
As he deliberately turned away, she softened: “Make you very happy.”
De Bortoli countered: “One hundred dirham.”
She grabbed his groin and said “One hundred only get this one,” motioning up and down with her left fist.
“Three hundred,” she continued with the bargaining. “Three hundred, you can do anything.”
She hesitated for a second then pulled out her biggest gun. “For three hundred you can … hit me. How you say? S and M.”
De Bortoli hesitated. What kind of whore was this? Used and abused? Diseased? Or just tough like a nail?
They stood facing each other as still as snakes, coldly summing up the other’s intentions.
Legs were spread shoulder-width, the better to grip the spinning Earth beneath them, the better to ward off the unexpected blows of life.
“Not to worry. I clean, very clean.” She seemed to have read his slithering mind. If only she had guessed a little more she might have lived a lot longer.
“I’m not into the rough stuff,” he lied. “Two hundred.” De Bortoli knew that she knew he had that much money at least, as he had already brandished the desirable banknotes in her face.
“No hit me? OK, Two hundred.”
“Two hundred, it is. Let’s go.”
Her alleyway facade, initially cool and distrusting, warmed with curiosity after only a few second’s embrace in the deserted graveyard, as de Bortoli’s own smirking visage, with his momentarily gentle touch and polished wolven teeth, worked its allure. She could barely resist studying her moonlit reflection mirrored small and disproportionate in the charming white keys of his smile.
Recognising the bestial want within the girl, he flexed apart her blouse, revelling in its tear and rip. She fell deeper into the well of sensation. Her mammilla grew, engorged with hot blood, and he took a nub between his teeth. The one inhaled what the other breathed out, and each exhalation contained part of the soul. De Bortoli slipped a finger into her vulva: it was as wet and slippery as mango flesh and the girl mewled with appreciation. The reciprocated desire was an intoxicating spice for him. He held her torso with an animal-like grip, simultaneously caring, sensuous and wholly irrational, but with a determination only the pain of death could ever hope to gainsay. And the gateways to Pain and Death were always open when one dealt with de Bortoli.
Curiosity stroked at the girl’s psyche and consulted with her long-neglected ego, he being such a coaxing yet dangerous lover, and she knew she wanted to see and touch the inflamed meat between his legs, for she felt as if cleft from crotch to belly with desire. Boldly, she cupped his penis in her saliva-lubricated hand and marvelled at how, in the unrevealing darkness, it seemed unusually pointed. The head was not round and bulbous. Instead of the normal helmet shape, his manhood was almost sharp and, amazingly, slightly spiralled. She’d never have thought it was possible.
But the man’s charisma prevailed and as her spit-slickened hand ran his hard length she was entertained by how the line forced her fist to swivel a little from side to side. She stifled a giggle but then made the mistake of stretching her head back in joy as his finger connected with her swollen clitoris. De Bortoli seized the easy opportunity and ripped her taut oesophagus open with his bare, sharp teeth.
He had broken the Ramadan fast in his own way and celebrated Eid al-Fitr with yet another feeding frenzy, for blood-fuelled turpitude had become his all-pervasive religion, and he crushed cartilage or tore rents in skin as if it were his holy duty.
His throat-ripping violence had become a nightly irruption in this abattoir of anarchy, the messy sadism as predictable as the rising of the moon. And twice as messy when the moon was full. For that was when the maria of its surface, its waterless lunar lakes, acted as mirrors for the Maria of his Earth-bound existence, and her commands then reached him most effortlessly. Like a time-bleached fontanel, a skull-shaped orb of bone, the moon housed his sub-conscious desire and the fissures between its plates leaked lust like water when in maximum opposition with the sun.
De Bortoli lapped the little black Muslim girl’s life-fluid from where it welled onto the concrete surface of some long forgotten Arabian man or woman’s cemetery plot but it spread and was drunk up fast by the hungry earth. The competitive, always taking, dependable earth. Monster and man, he sneered at the sleeping world of mortals through blood-drenched, glistening lips. Because he could, he wrenched the girl’s still jerking head from its body and flung it in the air, spraying remnants of unnecessary blood like a Catherine wheel and he whooped out loud with his animal power. Blood spattered down around him like lava.
The girl, whose name was neither Jemilah nor Maria nor any other name de Bortoli might care to remember, witnessed her disembodied head bouncing between the burial plots in a kaleidoscope of nonsensical meaning. Her skull knocked against gravestones and then rested like any soft melon, though none would grant her admission. As the distinct world gradually disappeared she experienced the passing of her unhappy young life without pain and saw welcoming figures from her childhood, so she smiled to greet them before realising that she, too, was now happily dead. But a few days later, when sentience returned, she understood how wrong she actually was, as she began the foul turning. The girl soon became one of the mounting number of Safi’s disgusting Undead and rest became the friend she would never again greet.
And de Bortoli underestimated his vampiric influence for, as a result of the attack, part of the girl - in fact the greatest part of her soul - was now forever unholy and lost to mortality. In this Moorish country where crosses and all other symbols of Catholicism had long since been abolished by the Muslim rulers, her burgeoning blood-lust went almost entirely unfettered. She could consume to her blackening heart’s content. The girl now picked her way quite confidently and viciously through the human garbage of Safi: the people sleeping rough in doorways; the other Qahba - or whores - former friends still clinging to their day to day, hand to mouth existences; the mentally ill for whom Morocco’s third-rate health system could not possibly cater; and the less successful of those petty criminals pursuing lives of general dissolution and immorality who did not yet have a solid door to lock themselves behind.
The ragged-eared alley cats fought over the drained leftovers. Still the wild get created by de Bortoli’s bite that evening remained unperturbed by the many corpses she indiscreetly left behind. Scavenging rats slunk around the piles of rotting, once-human flesh, gnawing on the maggot-crawling remains, and all the other swarming bottom-feeders, they certainly knew no better. These Safi rodents and vermin had not even the slightest inkling of de Bortoli’s get’s nascent powers and the newly minted creature of the night strode past them: an appetite on high-heeled legs that were becoming stronger, more muscular and more physically spectacular with each furtive feeding. She was developing all the powers associated with de Bortoli’s unholy attention, his dagger-like fangs had helped her don the immortal coil of cold, Undead existence and she was enjoying the changes with a growing depravity.
The girl was no longer even remotely beautiful: she looked like she’d been buried, with dirt and grass through her matted hair and a dull clay-like colour to her face, reminding any observer - who was foolhardy enough to stop and observe - of the time-weathered ivories of an ancient piano. And the she-monster reeked, not of honest ordure, but of bacterial putrefaction, the odour of bodily decay. Soon she met up with other Safi victims of de Bortoli’s abominable appetite and they formed bickering wolf-like packs of bloodthirsty hell-spawn, hunting down the living in murderous gangs, blurring the borders between sacrifice and servitude, suicide and martyrdom. Neither alive nor dead, these ambiguous things knew only to hunt at night and hide by day. Before long they would be summoned and, inexorably, unquestioningly, they would follow.
But for the time being, in Safi, while he was writing in Melbourne, it was an unholy and disorganised free-for-all, although many of the killings were becoming selective: journalists, gossips and any other quidnunces who might alert authorities beyond the town limits and elsewhere were sought out and converted, so as to keep the news of the town’s upheaval from spreading.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER NINETEEN.



Vampire Girl 19. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Life is an onion and one cries when peeling it.” - Anonymous.

When I was nearly broke - which predictably was the three or four days before my fortnightly Friday dole payment - I would buy for myself from Fresherman’s a cold mini-pizza for a dollar and wait surreptitiously in the spacious and busy dining room until some attractive young female diner coyly left a plate of food almost untouched on a table top for me to opportunistically scavenge.
The contact with her microbiology was immunising, I justified to myself and I imagined how far unhealthier it would have been to kiss or otherwise dine from such a floozy’s nether regions and indeed I never got ill from eating someone else’s leftovers at Fresherman’s Bakehouse.
I knew my foraging was occasionally observed by the counter staff but only one pudgy, shaven headed chef’s assistant dared to give me anything like a dirty look.
Invariably, I returned in a few days, when the government payment had entered my bank account, to pay my thirteen dollars cash for the next big breakfast of poached eggs on unbuttered brown toast with grilled tomato and bacon (from which, as you know, I steadfastly removed all fat) and chorizo sausage (which I ate with guilt because although it was fatty pork it was unbelievably delicious and I was no puritan after all, I justified weakly to myself) and the usual sautéed mushrooms with parsley and sometimes, if forever smiling Maria (no, not the girlfriend Maria - let’s not get confused here - but the wife to fat, bald-headed and perpetually scowling Italian-born Giovanni, the proprietor of Fresherman’s) was waiting on me sometimes also included a serve of delicately steamed baby spinach and garlic.
I had been a regular customer, and a well-behaved one, too. But in late August, sullen Giovanni, two days after accepting my thirteen dollars and deliberately serving me fried eggs instead of the specifically ordered poached hen’s bum nuts, unceremoniously instructed me to get out and never come back: “You not to eat other people leftovers,” the immigrant Italian yelled, before returning to the never-ending task of smoothing his sparsely haired comb-over into place.
“Come again, Signor fatso?,” I impudently queried.
“You not to eat other people leftovers,” the fat Italian repeated, with self-evident fear, loathing and envy-driven hatred written all over his corpulent, vein-crossed face.
I wasted little time drawing breath: “Oh, I do apologise, my lard-arse lordster. I didn’t realise you were unable to speak English because you’re from a non-English speaking background, you fucking unwelcome invader to this continent of mine. Not your native tongue is it, eh? Or is it just that you’re a Goddamn fucking retard who couldn’t be bothered learning?”
Momentarily nonplussed by this back-handed statement of contrition, Giovanni tried to conceal his unease by inserting a thick pinkie finger into his ear and working about the plug of wax stuck there, exploring the depths of that orifice, as if waiting for the far-off day when it would dawn upon him that he should perhaps have it syringed out.
Impatient with the portly Italian and his gormless ways, I sent a glob of angry spittle flying onto the ground at the fat man’s feet, an unforgivable act which served to break the spell and instantly summon all eight Fresherman’s waiters to bustle me bodily out the front door and push me down onto my backside, hurting the coccyx somewhat. In an effort to restore some semblance of dignity, I picked myself up, brushed myself off and without even looking at my assailants, turned my back and commenced walking off casually. Sauntering even, my arse swayed mockingly, like liqueur swilling from side to side in an elegant brandy balloon. My carefree sangfroid further inflamed the bald-headed Giovanni, who waddled after me and, with a red face full of bursting capillaries, lunged an ineffectual fist at his erstwhile customer from behind.
I ducked easily, wordlessly vowing revenge and wondered if Giovanni had been spitting in my mushrooms all this time. I blew the Italian flesh mountain a kiss, and skipped effeminately across to the other side of the street, the middle digit of my right hand raised in the universal sign of the flicked bird. The Fresherman’s proprietor’s cursing in his European mother tongue followed me to the corner of the street, at which point I stopped, dropped my pants and mooned him, unable thereafter to stop my laughter at such sport, despite the throbbing coccyx in my muscular bared arse. For I knew that Giovanni could wait.
But post-Morocco, I couldn’t wait. Very early one morning I strolled around to the darkened back alley where Giovanni was emptying rubbish into the large skip, and reminded the frightened fat man that the order had been for poached, not fried eggs. Smiling coolly, with fangs bared and radiant, I brought a red house brick down hard upon the old pig’s skull, breaking it like an over-ripe coconut and sending tiny gobbets of skin, useless shiny membrane and fragments of skull-bone flying. After a long draught from the ugly migrant’s pumping jugular, my fangs retracted into their gums, my sharpened fingernails settled and the Parkville predator of the night left the corpse next to the large steel bin in the laneway behind Fresherman’s. Giovanni’s carotid artery surged sluggishly a few times before its strength finally petered out entirely and his wax-filled ears remained forever uncleaned, not that any of that personal hygiene business mattered for a cadaver.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER TWENTY.



Alpha Vampire Girl. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Be different and be damned.” - Rhett Butler (Clark Gable) in Gone With the Wind (dir. Victor Fleming, 1939).

Such vindictive acts of urban terrorism as the Thresherman’s incident aside, de Bortoli actually knew that the greatest impediment to his making friends was not his once imposing physique, for far better-built men than he made friends - as did lesser-built men - it was in fact his perceived superiority, his self-importance, his - how do ye say - his rodomontade.
He ungraciously believed himself to be a rung above most people he met and very few individuals he encountered did not feel cowed by his easy eloquence, his poisonously sarcastic command of the English language, his laconic smile - well, it sometimes resembled a smile - and his complete fearlessness of everybody and everything.
As a recovering sarc-oholic, he was indeed bigheaded and sometimes even insulting, especially to those obese and stupid persons who were deliberately rude and insulting to him, but if one could prove they stood for something, that they were more than a soft, flabby and innocent bystander slowly waiting for death to overtake and overwhelm them then de Bortoli would respect that person and genuinely try to befriend them and sincerely offer his support for all their endeavours.
But such substantial people were rarely met and de Bortoli could count his true friends from his entire life on the digits of one hand and foot and because they were exceptional citizens themselves they really only tolerated the occasional presence of this marauding provocateur who had yet to prove himself to the world and who always seemed so potentially … dangerous.
Melbourne was not prepared, however, for the 2.0 beta model of the de Bortoli monster, which, infected with evil and bursting with venom, was now loose on its inner-city streets.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER TWENTY ONE.



Vampire Guy 21. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.” - Louis-Hector Berlioz (1803 - 1869).

I met once again - and for the last time before the 2009 New Year - with Professor Lewis, this time at a coffee shop on Lygon Street, and we compared gnoses over Italian brews. At one of my more radical hypotheses, Lewis waggled his index finger: ‘No!’ thus brooking all dissent.  More eloquent finger work from the learned academic was to follow. He emphasised a conclusion to an argument of his with a snap of thumb and forefinger. He steepled his fingers at a more tenable concession of mine but then stated emphatically which books I should read before reconvening the next meeting. The learned supervisor swatted away the suggestion of a more contemporary theorist’s writing as if it were an annoying fly, although my words had been delivered like a slap from a duelling glove, for I was nothing if not a bold insurrectionist. And so Lewis finally interlaced his fingers in repose, indicating that he was finished. But he never used his hands or fingers to wave at me if he saw me on campus. It was as if he realised that as much as he respected this odd-looking student, it was foolish to actually think of me as a friend. I was simply a challenging little project of his, and I’m sure his colleagues wagered he could not bring such an uncouth student, Pygmalion-style, to the finale that is thesis examination.
But now, back on site in Melbourne and even though it was the summer vacation, I was visibly energised for I sucked at least every second night and holed up in the daytime and the absence of prying landlords or flatmates was a boon. My writing was alive and a quality draft was produced. And neither Lewis, who had to be spared my bloodthirsty attention no matter what, nor the local police, could postulate any idea who was responsible for the recent upsurge in murders in inner-city Parkville and Carlton. Of course, this outlaw’s hideout remained a mystery to all.
So I was always dragging myself home unaccompanied, in the fresh, dewy mornings, to my hiker’s tent beneath the concrete span, which was virtually sound and light-proof and thus perfect for a Troll or a Vampire. This was where I sat alone in my life of vacancy and where there was only the thought of my faraway Maria in Canberra to sustain me until the alcohol and blood had been metabolised and I could emerge the next limpid black night, dull and bleary-eyed, but ready to take on the world once more. Then could I pick out the choicest of Pomme de sang, the sweet, warm, walking sources of nutrition that strolled unawares in Melbourne, wobbling like cans of congealing blood soup, awaiting my lethal attention.
Was there ever to be a cure for such cheap arrogance (apart, of course, from death), I wondered? One day for night the world gave me its answer as I awoke suddenly and discovered with surprise that I was weeping. I had felt, in my unguarded slumber, as if my whole life was a sink-hole or an abandoned mining shaft a thousand metres deep. Dark and damp was the memory of this dream, but all I could recall in specifics was the repeated utterance of a faceless entity: “A man’s soul is like an over-trained muscle. It diminishes with the exertion of life.” I couldn’t remember who first voiced this aphorism, but I knew it was the antithesis of my Undead-man dancing and in the darkness of my hidey-hole my prickling tears returned.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER TWENTY TWO



Vampire Guy 22. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Go sell crazy somewhere else.  We’re all stocked up here.” - Melvin Udall (Jack Nicholson) in As Good As It Gets (dir. James L. Brooks, 1997).

My younger brother Desmond was a man who could sell almost anyone a sermon as long as they were the praying type and he had his laminated business card handy, the one that proclaimed him to be: ‘Desmond de Bortoli, Pastor, The Latter Day Church of High Achieving Hypocrites’ or some such self-serving gammon. He knew me - quite accurately I must confess - to have a ‘personality disorder’ and to be, well, a bit of an arsehole on a less than good day. But he should know, for, in fact, he could be one too.
Takes an arsehole to know one. Hmm, smashing my fist into the wall like that should have hurt. Takes an arsehole to breed one. Nope, twice and the wall’s cactus but it doesn’t hurt me at all. Or more than one arsehole in the case of my lousy arsehole parents: they produced we two before Mum disappeared into death and Dad quit forever the Catholic Church. He farewelled his partner and then farewelled the well-meaning good priests and the ill-meaning paedophile priests, the Vatican’s Sacred Bulls and all the traditional deference of the laity, with considerable acrimony and rancour, for he was now an Atheist with a great, big, capital A. And around the Catholic world millions joined him as they found the Church’s teachings on contraception, divorce, remarriage, the role of women and homosexuality out of kilter with the increasingly secular and frequently amoral compass of our age.
Meanwhile the ranks of Muslims around the world swelled, fast approaching 1.5 billion, with the most notable growth occurring on Australia’s doorstep of Indonesia. There, some fundamentally arsehole Muslims are militantly anti-Oz, detonating bombs at the Australian embassy in Jakarta and the Australian playground of Kuta Beach and always threatening more arsehole attacks against the Infidel Australian.
And like me, my younger brother’s diurnal arsehole-ness continued through the night, but in a different fashion, for he was an inveterate snorer and the trombone-like bellowing of his sleep apnoea had driven the adolescent me quite to distraction as I unsuccessfully tried to sleep in the bunk bed above him. It was nothing less than a sonic skewer through my too-alert brain.
Many nights in my early teens I would leap from my mattress and bring a sweat-dampened pillow crashing down upon my younger brother’s snoring face in order to cease his endlessly looping repertoire of nasal percussion: the blurts, rattles and snorts that would send me nuts with sleeplessness. He would awaken in bewildered tears and I would order him to “Stop, Desmond! Stop snoring immediately!,” and he would lie trembling in the dark until he knew I had drifted finally off into a deep vein of sleep before permitting slumber to once again noisily engulf him. I did not, in the days of my youth, know about industrial strength silicon earplugs.
Yeah, so although I love you, I can still say good riddance to you, good old Preacher Des. I hope the layin’ on hands and speakin’ in tongues business is going well for you, eh, bros!
And many times, whilst crouching in my ultra low profile hiker’s tent under the University of Melbourne foot bridge concealed across the way from the Earth Sciences building, I had reflected upon the silence, which after around ten in the pm was complete and total and soothing but for the sound of a few ground-dwelling night birds quietly tossing the leaf-litter in search of juicy insects mere metres from my hidden cantonment.
The peace I felt there seemed like an accomplishment, as if I had been unknowingly nursing a deep-seated biological need for this kind of quality silence ever since childhood. Therein, as a bridge-dwelling hermit, lay the potential for absolute rest, that quietus which made death so inviting.  It was also that degree of exquisite silence in the underground chambers and donjons of Chateau de Mer where the metre thick stone walls and its staggered watchtowers kept everything aural out, even the crash and thunder of the adjacent Atlantic waves.
The rich, deep quietude of The Castle, The Castle was to die for and die for and die for. Hunched under my insulating foot bridge, I had wondered if I could ever realistically expect to ease my insomnia-racked soul to sleep alongside another human being even if she was gorgeous and had recently satisfied my carnal desires and smiled at me in the dark and slid her tongue into my mouth when she kissed me goodnight? Possibly ... with Maria.
And then I wondered some more: surely an Undead existence promised far more peace and silence than even one’s mortal death?
My very old, widowed and never remarried father had become substantially well off after we two boys left home. Hell, he’s gotten unfairly rich. Wind turbines had been installed on an isolated ridge on God’s End generating not just green electricity but easy income for the retired land-owner. Instead of the tin shack he now had an ‘Old Colonial Australian’ styled brick veneer mansion. A verandah on all sides, modelled on federation settler icons, the structure was soothingly fresh in summer, coolly enveloped as it was in luxuriant grape vines and wriggling green creepers. A massive stone fireplace dominated the centre of the building, and this, plus the numerous rugs and furs scattered throughout, made it very snug and cosy in winter. But with his advancing years and the advancing wealth came ambivalence which was eventually replaced with negligence: the cider-tart reek of rotting windfalls drifted like a pall of alcoholic perfumery from the overgrown orchard on the loam flats adjacent to Strike-A-Light Creek, a once-treasured assembly of well-nurtured Granny Smiths, Valencia’s and cherry trees planted nearly three decades previous.
After the drought had broken, retrieving brook trout into the chuckling waters of Strike-A-Light, the once well-ordered vege patch had devolved into tangled undergrowth, a scherzo of colour, looking as if its contents had sprung from the most carelessly tossed handful of mixed seed. The dam where the yabbies once bred fat and blue became choked and rotten with weeds. The shearing shed, which should have been torn down years ago, was in the process of pulling itself down in disrepair, for Dad had slowly given up on fine woolled Merinos when hand-feeding the flock through the drought became financially unjustifiable towards the end of the 1990s. Over-run with serrated tussock, the paddocks hadn’t seen super-phosphate for over a decade and were now as colourless and sombre as rusty corrugated iron.
A dickey knee and still troubling leg from the Isa rodeo, plus a recently bruised set of ribs after a nasty fall by the side of the slippery-banked Strike-A-Light, saw him now house-bound and forking out big bickies for his own hand-feeding: grocery deliveries were ordered over the Internet and trucked in once a fortnight. Much of his waking hours were spent these days idling, drunk on imported cognac, drunk so bad he vomited like a bullock scouring. Sprawled, somnolent, in front of a flashy widescreen TV with truly awesome surround sound and empties also surrounding him. Subsisting on the odd frozen Lean Cuisine or packet of two minute noodles when his appetite returned but he couldn’t get his act together sufficiently to roast a joint. Brother Desmond, twice divorced and crippled by child maintenance payments, had decided (like me) that there was no ignominy in collecting the dole, and in the grip of his own mid-life crisis, he had surprised Dad and me by moving in.
Now good old Des had carved out an enviable career for himself as a professional preacher. Around the world he travelled, sermonising with an old-fashioned brimstone-and-damnation oratory in whatever third world country he could sell himself to. There he’d be: laying on hands, laying on the bovine excreta, speaking in tongues, speaking in tautologies, while all the while siring illegitimate offspring wherever his missionary activities took him to adopt the missionary position in coitus. Bolivia. Brazil. Cuba. Indonesia. Guatemala. Korea. South Africa. Desmond’s barrow in the marketplace was laden with sugar-coated hopes for the afterlife. A born raconteur, he dedicated himself only superficially to knowing Jesus, his real calling was soliciting tithes, donations and bequests. Almost coming to believe in his own pious claptrap, I suspect. But Desmond’s philandering ways were no secret to the women in his life and two of the several whom he’d actually married (somehow avoiding bigamy charges), had persevered and secured court orders making him pay alimony.
The costs for keeping all his undiscerning procreations fed and housed were not do-able for someone who hadn’t ever held down a full-time job for more than nine months (yes, the gestation period of Homo sapiens, funny that) and his arrival back at God’s End was ostensibly to keep the ailing old man company, but Des wasn’t interested in being a carer, just in drinking and avoiding his filial responsibilities.
Together the father and son inebriates would wail loudly, attempting to sing country and western laments by Johnny Cash or Conway Twitty or Dolly Parton, and Desmond put up with the slow Internet connection in order to keep the money coming in via his virtual ministry.
Filthy, shiny, iridescent lucre. As it is with courtesans and all other prostitutes who pretended for the hour that they were besotted with love, the misinformation he peddled to his johns and jenny’s enabled my embarrassment of a brother to keep a roof over his head.
Gripped by what could have been either gratitude or grief, depending on the hour of the day, the drunken partying by my capitulated father and my wastrel brother was almost non-stop, but the nearest neighbour was five kilometres away so no-one was any wiser as to the shambles God’s End had become. How can anyone doubt that there is a genetic basis for alcoholism, given we three fine examples, the de Bortoli father and sons.
If not a genetic disease, then I think that dipsomania must be understood as one of the bravest of lifestyle choices. It is my sincere belief that humankind, in general, limits its consciousness deliberately. To plumb the depths of one’s unique and repulsive nature, to unpeel that last layer of civility, to allow one’s innermost thoughts free reign in all regards, is a state of being so terrifying that for most people the required dedication to day to day regular activities would afterwards be quite impossible to maintain.
Outside the closed off spaces of ‘normal’ consciousness lurk not just bad memories but strange alien things: it is a jungle roamed by wild unpredictable creatures, the ogres of the ultimate unknown. So we build a fortress around our ‘normal’ consciousness to protect ourselves from the unpredictability of those jungle-dwellers in our unrestrained unconscious. Alcohol and other drugs allow us to tread bravely and seemingly safely in that jungle. And, of course, murder is another way to traverse beyond the walls encircling our quotidian consciousness. Hence the actions of a dedicated killer are not necessarily insane, but rather truth-seeking, like an explorer in an uncharted land. Apart from suicide, hallucinogenic trips perhaps represent the ultimate exploration of the unknown lands outside one’s normal consciousness. Under the influence of LSD, mushrooms or peyote you may even cross paths with the gods. Under the influence of your self-murdering hand you definitely will. So, of course, there were days when, alone under my bridge, I had envied the happily doomed pair of my father and brother. Such a sweet, slow suicide, I thought, and if I could predict the future I would be saying words like liver cirrhosis, oesophageal varices, duodenal ulcers, Mallory Weiss tears, heart bypass surgeries and diabetic blackouts. But there would be no heed given to a man whose fate, as a fellow de Bortoli, appeared identical. Meanwhile Des was insinuating his religion into the mind-set of my father, who, like anyone older than the allotted three score and ten, had occasional moments of existential unease, and I’m fairly confident the last will and testament has been changed ... But not in the favour of any unpredictable, jungle-dwelling ogre, I thought as I boarded the Morocco-bound plane for the last time.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER TWENTY THREE.



Alpha Vampire Girl. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“I had seen my becoming a Vampire in two lights: The first light was simply enchantment … But the other light was my wish for self-destruction.” - Anne Rice in Interview With the Vampire, 1976.

De Bortoli had returned to Safi, and, in due course, retrieved his luggage from the bus service although it had been quite thoroughly ransacked. Gone were his library-loaned laptop computer and most of his papers including his voucher for the guided trip across the High Atlas and further south to the Anti Atlas Mountains and then to the Wadi Sasi in the Moroccan Sahara desert. So he decided to make the most of things and rented a cheap apartment in a quiet quarter of Safi and paid ninety dirham for a month’s membership at a fairly modern gym conveniently located just two blocks away. The cash-filled wallet from a high-ranking public servant, guiltlessly lifted from his desiccated corpse, paid for the bond, the rent in advance and some simple sticks of furniture.
In the hour before the gym closed each night, which in practicality signalled the dawn of a new day for de Bortoli, he tried quite honestly to restore his physical health and once prodigious strength to the neglected limbs of his upper body and tried to eat of the high protein Kefta - balls of spicy minced mutton and offal served in a rich egg sauce - which the hawkers generously offered for local’s rates as they started to close shop for the night.
But the exercise and dietary effort was not necessary, for his health was blooming as if he were still at the peak of the foot-balling career he had retired from so long ago.
Unbeknownst to him, however, the sardine vendors and the gym receptionists had all seen and memorised his face in the preceding weeks and for a few dirham they kept Jemilah informed of the suspicious tourist’s comings and goings, while they all the while beamed disingenuously at him.
Like some saucer-eyed nocturnal creature, but not one motivated by fear or shyness, he now rarely ventured out in the daylight hours, and was always indoors by the time daybreak appeared orange crayoned on the grey horizon. Through the open doors of his cheap ground floor flat looking onto the yellow and cream-tinted street outside with its tiny, community square and its stunted trees - sun-chewed Argans mostly, all but leafless, twisted and reaching out of the baked-hard ground like claws - de Bortoli felt taunted by the loud buzz of the resident population of cicadas. They sprang into action once they noticed the diffuse, yellow-inflected light of morning swell into a raging fever of solar glare. Noisily they whirred along like miniature sewing machines, until suddenly, when he flung his doors open upon them, they stopped all together, as if challenging him to answer in some equally guttural, animal-like voice.
Unchecked, they perceived him as an impotent foreign species and returned, en masse, to their loudly indifferent carousing. The insects’ senseless derision was all but deafening and de Bortoli dismissively slammed shut his entrance and re-fastened the blinds, drowning all light. The Troll of Safi was retreating to the minor ecstasy of tiled coolness in his barely furnished Moroccan apartment and his ongoing conversations with Maria and, finally, to his earplugs when the cacophony from outside could be tolerated no longer.
In his evening wanderings about the many Safi markets he had bought some dried wildflowers for the vases he placed in the empty rooms of his small suburban oasis and some lavender and basil seedlings and other clean-scented herbs that he planted in cute little blue pots around the tiny high-walled and white-washed courtyard, which was the only part of the rented apartment he couldn’t keep the glaring surge from the North West African sun out of. With the smells of stale blood thus dissipated by these small tokens of domesticity, it now felt like a home he could invite Maria to visit.
But later that night she said it wasn’t where she wanted to stay and she instructed him to get rid of the flowers, romantic fool! And try the castle again.
This time, she said, look underground.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR.



Vampire Guy  24. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Christmas!?! Christmas means dinner, dinner means death! Death means carnage, Christmas means carnage!” - The eponymous pig in Babe (dir. Chris Noonan, 1995).

My father gave me a fifty-dollar gift voucher from the retail conglomerate My-yers (which bore no relation to the ‘Vampires for Tween-agers’ author) for Christmas 2003, with the brusque message “Happy Shopping, Son.” They do say it’s the thought that counts.
Notwithstanding the fact that he never utilised the hoary word “love” in any of his communications - verbal or written - oh no, not once in his entire life, and notwithstanding the belief that I am a very easy person to buy gifts for (and, like most kids, even we adult ones, if you wanted to really make my Christmas day, you wouldn’t buy it, you’d just make it with your own two hands. Even if it was just a card. In fact, especially if it was just a card), one needs to understand that my Dad’s a real man, not some sissy, heart-on-his-sleeve, girlie-man who is always in touch with his feelings.
Therein lies one of the most basic of the numerous difference between men and women. Women love shopping, whereas most men, the real men anyway, just plain hate it.
And at that Christmas, when the exalted music would move me to tears long after the carols had been all sung out, I dragged myself to the Hyperdome shopping centre in downtown Tuggeranong (aka North Cooma) and duly exchanged the gift voucher for a dozen bottles of middling quality Cab Sav and thanked my good fortune that I had no Christmas to-buy-for list as I had no wife, no children and no-one I really cared that much about. I there realised my yuletide good fortune as I watched the buttoned-down, beaten-down fathers in the hyped up Hyperdome trudge wearily from shop to shop, dejectedly crossing off names with each ‘heartfelt’ purchase of mass-produced plastic junk, and thanked my good kismet that no woman was forcing me to undergo the torturous shopping task with them. But back again in Safi I disproved, for a few days at least, my own prejudiced theorising.
Back again in Safi - the second time now - I found myself organising a shopping list for Maria.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER TWENTY FIVE.



Alpha Vampire Girl. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“All prayers are answered if we are prepared to accept that sometimes the answer is ‘No’.” - Anonymous.

Jemilah had always had faith in prayer. Within her mind, she believed, was a portal for direct communication with the manipulators of eternity, that is, a mental link to we gods. And belief is everything in the world of the mind.
Her pretty brow furrowed and her kohl-lined eyelids met. The thoughts of her being drew strength from the darkness and grew until, exultantly, they burst into air and travelled to their target.
Solidifying.
Coalescing.
Gaining structure as an image.
So de Bortoli saw. Her eyes, buried beneath that furrowing brow, were transported into his presence. And with them Jemilah pleaded. She appealed to that small child within him. That motherless boy who needed a firm, maternal hand to bless him with direction. That injured, suffering boy who needed a gentle salve to the abrasions of living. That set upon boy who needed comfort in the face of inequity.
And lo, Good Reader, part of this boy slash man listened. But listening, too, was that part of him given over to recklessness, licentiousness, greed. And the progenitor of those thoughts were experienced, indeed.
Thus she lived for a while in his mind, baiting, cajoling and dancing with Maria. An arena of uncertainty, de Bortoli’s mind was no brick and mortar temple to evil. The foundations of his character might be swayed, even shifted, and Jemilah dared hope she might be the architect of his soul’s survival.
And so she delayed in responding to this threat as both her instincts and her learning advised her to.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER TWENTY SIX.



Vampire Guy 26. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“This crime called blasphemy was invented by priests for the purpose of defending doctrines not able to take care of themselves.” - Robert Green Ingersoll.

I looked despairingly across the street opposite the Hotel Majestic and then to the railway lines past the dependably unmoving castle to where the crimson sun was setting the horizon ablaze. Nonchalantly, I emptied a sachet of Aspartame into my tiny cup of un-sugared mint tea and watched it sink, disappearing into the delicate brew, clouding the consistency a fraction.
I sipped half-heartedly and tried to concentrate on the required inventory list Maria had requested but instead thought about my insignificant, useless, near-meaningless life.
An email had arrived that afternoon advising me of a second place win for my China-based travelogue in the much unsought after stakes of Excellence in the Field of Sad and Wretched Excess in some creative writing contest I couldn’t even remember entering. All those bold, dazzlingly intellectual, up to the minute and absolutely erudite essays I had laboured over, sent off with a self-flattering bio and later, much later, angrily learning of their rejection and reminding myself that J. K. Rowling got something like forty rejection slips before a publisher took on her Harry Potter malarkey slash goldmine. But now my literary efforts were finally being noticed. Would there be a major publishing deal coming my way? I doubted it.
And I doubted Maria would take any notice at all of my recent accolade. She wanted me to be someone else than who I thought I could be, to make something more of the great gift of life that God had bestowed upon me, unsought, more than four mostly suck-tacular decades before.
I wondered why he, she or it had bothered breathing life into the zygote that was to divide and divide and divide until it became me, for here I was, alone and uncared for, a feckless and footloose fool approaching - well, four years was not that long to anticipate the date with dread really - his fiftieth birthday. Half a century, not out! But I’m looking forward to that date like an appointment with the gallows.
Ah, still contemplating death - how pitiful, how pathetic - and so, alone once again, I continued to question my maker and he, she or it remained tight-lipped and unresponsive: a jaw-full of omnipotent teeth firmly clenched together, as shut tight as the jaws of a clam.
For starters, I quite simply had no patience for the bible as it is written (you will notice, Balanda, I do not even afford the word an upper case ‘b’). Highly imaginative and self-interested white men wrote this fraudulent, misogynistic waste of hemp paper many years after the deaths of those whose views they claimed to cherish and promote. These writers doubted not their right to do so and carved out life instructions for millions of humans to follow, and yet none of them has won a prize for creative writing. Tch tch. Pity. Such an unjust world for all the artistic geniuses who once walked amongst us, their talents set for naught but writing scriptures.
And in their literary inventiveness, of course, they all recommended trust in prayer.
Now, in my not so humble opinion, neither God nor Jesus nor the Holy Ghost would ever respond to the prayers of a mere mortal man such as I, and if they did the subsequent ruction would be monumental. God, with his criminal mismanagement of humanity, was after all, non-human and I knew I would end up disrespectfully querying all his inactivity in preventing the people-made depravity that was everywhere I looked. That’s if the bastard ever listened to, let alone answered, my prayers.
Shhh, Jesus is coming. Everybody look busy!
There was to be no afflatus for me.
The Holy Trinity: Big Daddy, the Kid and Spookums. Bah freakin’ humbug!
God be a bastard. God be a biting bastard. God be a biting bastard with teeth - from another planet, no less.
God be an alien.
Jesus, therefore was a half-caste alien, a mixed race extra-terrestrial spaceman. Hey, Eucharist! Yes, You Christ! You are still far too perfect to bother with the querulous likes of a mortal like me.
And perhaps I simply couldn’t trust another man - or even half-man - with my own fragile emotions and defensive machismo, anyway. Even if he was a mixed race fella like me.
Of course, I kind of believed in Christ but there was someone else to whom I had before turned to in my hours of need. Someone far more responsive, far more reliable, someone whom I had no hesitation in humbling myself before.
Yes, I’m sure you have guessed it, most Dear and Patient Reader: the only Holy soul or astral entity that I have ever prayed to is the Virgin Mary, she whom, despite being raped by that bastard God (and let’s face it, with no parents himself God had technically to be a bastard) in the so-called act of Immaculate Conception, tranquilly accepted her fate and from there-on-in knew nothing but unconditional compassion for all people of all creeds.
She never advised her followers to kill non-followers as Mohammed did in the Koran (but then I’d only read and re-read the concise Penguin version. What did I really know about Islam, apart from news reports of their bombings and Fatwas and stonings and 9/11 and beheadings and assassinations of Infidels? Hmm, what more did I need to know?). But the reality was that moments spent alone with a portrait of the Madonna were infinitely more rewarding than the wasted hours spent praying to any of the big bad boys above.
It always felt like a weight of not inconsiderable proportions being lifted swiftly and lovingly by bodybuilding angels from my close-to-buckling shoulders when I knelt and prayed to Our Lady.
I needed to go to somewhere like Italy or South America, I suspected, to find others who felt this way: people who idolised the most important and loving human woman ever born, the way I did. This was a major difference between Protestants and Micks: the idolatry of the Virgin Mary and the Crucifix. The Protestants see the cross as a graven image and demoted Our Lady Mary to a lowly status, despite the likelihood that Mary was the first and the last disciple to reach out to the Messiah. The Protestant Church does not see her so charitably and they only drag Mary out for the stable scene at Christmas and then safely pack her away in the crèche box for the rest of the year.
But when the Protestant minister arrives at the Pearly Gates and Jesus says: “Welcome, holy man. You may know my father but I believe you have yet to meet my mother!” what will he say then? And of course it was probably no mistake in the grand scheme of things that I was in love with her un-Heavenly namesake who I was missing more and more with every passing day spent in this non-Catholic country of Morocco.
An Essay Question to mull over: “The religious symbolism in Bram Stoker’s Dracula represents a rift between Protestantism and Catholicism comparable to that between the Aboriginal Australian’s Dreamtime mythology and the dogma of scientific Evolutionism. Discuss with reference to eight or more sources.”
Academic impartiality and rational logic, however, seem particularly irrelevant now as, with every passing day in this exclusively Muslim community, I sense I am here for Maria’s own divine purpose:
The Agony in Safi:
De Bortoli is Mocked and Spat upon.
I entered the men only baths as the bogus Jesus:
De Bortoli is Stripped of his Garments.
There was no one to help me shoulder my cross on my march to Calvary nor the opportunity to meet my grieving mother at any of the Stations so I trudged up the next of many hills alone to my place of personal Crucifixion. I checked the snugness of my wrist and ankle nails and the fit of my crown of thorns.
Perfect Fit on an Imperfect Man.
Perhaps I really and truly was meant to be there, like the lowly thief crucified alongside the irrefutable and perpetually non-communicative Jesus, son of Mater Dolorosa and our rapist God.
My understanding of the Catholic religion had always been a bit twisted, but clever young Maria had put me right.
The blood is the life, she reminds me.
The blood is my life.
I am blood.
I am my Mother’s blood.
The mist outside the castle was white and wispy with sea-fog. It was like a congress of disembodied spirits, ready to moan out a baleful chorus of despair and revenge for the inequities fate had shown them in life.
I shut these lesser entities out with a blood smeared sneer, although I thought I heard Jemilah calling: “Hallo! Hallo, mister!”

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER TWENTY SEVEN.



Alpha Vampire Girl. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“He who has health has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.” - Anonymous Arabian Proverb.

Jemilah’s younger brother Elijah lay asleep on his bed like a chubby brown question mark, with the sheets twisted around his shins delineating his feet - which were the period - from the rest of the explanation-seeking symbol. A moment later and his restless form had taken on another character, that of an ellipse, foretelling who knew what. Before an observer could wonder if his body was actually trying to spell out a message in some sort of sub-conscious code expressed through his limbs, he awoke from his tormented sleep with a jolt. A very clammy jolt. Elijah regarded the sweat-soaked bed sheets on which he sat with dismay. His long-suffering mother would think he had returned to the embarrassing child-hood practice of bed-wetting, when, in fact, his beloved older sister’s nightmares had been sweatily reflected in his own dream racing thoughts. His sibling concern had produced the sodden bed-linen, not a loss of bladder control, for the perspiration was symbolic of his inner turmoil: he knew he must help Jemilah, help her do something about this intimidating big westerner who had so recently invaded their peaceful, seaside town of Safi.
Skulking through the still sleeping house, he washed his sheets, hung them out to dry, and tore through his morning chores. Breakfast was downed and then he hurriedly  walked the thirty five minute journey amongst scattered thorny Acacia bushes through the stony Hammada to the township proper and then to the old quarter of town where the downward sloping narrow alleyways of the medina, the Chateau de Mer and the disintegrating St. Catherine’s church all converged. He waited for hours in the Negresco espresso bar opposite the hotel, neglecting his schoolwork but re-reading his Arabic translation of Dissertations sur les Apparitions des Anges, des Demons, et des Esprits; et sur les Revenans et Vampires, and glancing up whenever a new pair of feet graced the footpath. It was a pleasant enough spot, where a line of palm trees swayed their browning fronds in the breeze and deferentially cooled the café’s rose-pink walls, and the food was affordable enough, too.
There he stayed, unnoticed by all save the most bored of the local clientele in their black-tasselled red fezzes or embroidered skullcaps, who sat morose and silent, like parachutists gloomily awaiting the call to leap, until, as night closed down the day, de Bortoli himself appeared menacingly quiet in the early dusk. Elijah screwed up his boy’s face and said “Look at him, the foreigner!”, but the skydivers were all intent on their own downfalls. The apprentice Slayer then took thorough notes of the comings and goings of the big westerner, trailing him through the night, a risk he willing undertook for the sake of his much beloved and holy sister Jemilah.
He knew - as we gods know - that until ye had watched a person from afar, from a distance, hidden and unobserved yourself, until then ye hadn’t really seen that person for who they really were. Only with such clandestine surveillance could ye register how they walked, moved, held themselves and, indeed, what their un-stated motives really were. Doing this, some hovering mothers could read their child’s intentions from a suburban block away, guessing the very thoughts that swam, chaotic and impulsively like darting river fish in their kid’s heads and which expressed themselves precociously in a young body’s unconscious perambulations.
Of course, Elijah felt nothing at all maternal towards the pumped up, heavily be-muscled Vampire. He took copious notes, staying upwind and well-behind the monstrous de Bortoli while he marvelled at the foreigner’s superciliousness, his chutzpah, his ugly roaring egotism. Promenading insouciantly as if all Safi was his for the taking, and yes, it was undeniable, he took all that he wanted, all that his appetite demanded. The ungentle giant mooched from café to restaurant to hashish parlour, all the while clinging to the cool of the shadows. He even gained the attentions of an unfussy prostitute and emerged from the woman’s lair with a satisfied look on his face, completely unaware that he was being carefully scrutinised by one who would eagerly help engineer his demise.
The far humbler Elijah wondered if there was ever to be a cure for such cheap arrogance (apart, of course, from death), until he somehow lost track of his subject at three in the morning. He was appalled to discover, then, in the wake of the big westerner’s departure, an ex-sanguinated carcass left broken in the gutter, like unwanted carrion, its dead eyes looking unappreciatively up at the repellent and lonely stars. These distant suns twinkled with almost oceanic bioluminescence and the night sky’s inky, fathomless depth seemed to intensify the sense that every little thing, every important thing, and every evil thing that lived for a few glorious moments between each dusk and dawn on the tiny speck of a planet known as Earth was insignificant in the extreme.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER TWENTY EIGHT.



Vampire Girl 28. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“The book offers an exercise in syllogistic logic: a supposedly immortal being is destroyed by the defenders of Christ, armed above all with a faith in God - the conclusion therefore follows that God exists.” - Clive Leatherdale in Dracula: the Novel and the Legend, Wellingborough, Northamptonshire: Aquarian, 1985: 177.

As it happened, Good Reader, Jemilah had intuitively sensed that the westerner de Bortoli would be back: like a portend of bad, squally weather, his absence signalled unhappy nights not now, but ahead, for the people of Safi. He was almost certainly indentured to a fully turned Vampire somewhere - probably far afield in de Bortoli’s own country of origin - a queen bee Vampire who was prospecting for fresh feeding grounds and a suitable site from which to seed a new colony. And so, he would return with his Master, as devoted as any page to his monarch.
Familiars such as he were so easy to spot when they were still in human form. They were careless and had a certain shiftiness about them, plus they wore a slightly earthy odour which Slayers such as she could detect where others smelt nothing but the cologne splashed about to disguise the rank scent.
The blood from their unholy feasts could even be smelt lingering on their breath if they were sufficiently close and especially if they had been exerting themselves in exercise to the extent of puffing, which activity de Bortoli frequently indulged in. Every now and then, with the less cautious of the feeding nightwalkers, skeins of viscous blood-streaked muck could be seen trailing from their clothing and shoes.
Compared to the smug human gets, however, animal familiars were a class apart. In the form of cats, bats and wolves usually, they were much harder to spot. Keened even further by vampiric psychic power, their natural instincts kept their wariness radar-sharp, and Jemilah had never actually seen one of those evil creatures with her own eyes. Or if she had, she had not even realised the rare moment. But she knew de Bortoli for what he was after only a few minutes of sharing Tajine and smelling his breath with its sour undertones of decay as he sat benignly cross-legged in her family’s ceramics shop.
There hadn’t been a bloodsucker in Safi - or a Vampire’s familiar, for that matter - as long as even her grandfather could remember. But they had kept vigilant: it was one of the reasons the extended family maintained a monthly makeshift Mass in the tiny near-ruined cathedral of St. Catherine’s where they prayed, made confession and maintained their steady Catholic faith in the middle of the hectic labyrinth of the medina’s corridors and alleyways.
The claustrophobic cathedral, with its bricked up transoms, made them feel as if they were standing beneath the hull of a great overturned Portuguese ship, its ribbed vault soaring into the unlit blackness above. Jemilah’s ancestors had been educated about blood drinkers by the Portuguese. They knew such devil’s offspring by the name of Chupa-sangue, shuddering as the vile word escaped their lips, and as a result of their inter-mingling with the foreigners, her ancestral family had become avid readers of the scriptures relating to these monsters.
But her learned forebears looked, too, at more ancient texts than the bible, such as the Pert em Hru, or the Egyptian Book of the Dead.
From rare Arabic translations of this tome Jemilah had read of the ancient Kama-rupa, a predecessor to the post-Jesus Vampire, which would wander the night-black streets in search of the decaying flesh of human cadavers and would even help itself to fresh faeces and urine whilst in that horrific state between death and the blessed afterlife.
She respectfully learnt of Michel de Notredame’s warning regarding the coming of a terrible ‘Empire of the Anti-Christ’, a cautionary text which he had earnestly devoted to his Liege, King Henry II.
Her clandestine education addressed accounts of Newburgh’s 12th Century Historia Rerum Anglicarum and included the stories surrounding the notorious Frenchman Gilles de Rais and his evil misdeeds.
In her extra-curricular studies she learnt of the Malleus Maleficarum and anecdotal - but compelling - evidence of the perverse activities of the blood-bathing countess Ersabet Báthory of 17th Century Hungary.
Too, there was King James VI’s Demonologie, Allatius’ De Quorundum Graecorum Opinationibus and Henry More’s An Antidote to Atheism.
Jemilah’s family had accrued a considerable library on the topic of despatching the Undead unto Hell.
More recent texts, being readily available in the years following the Portuguese invasion, included Rohr’s Dissertatio Historica-Philosophica de Masticatione Mortuorum of 1679, in which he wrote of the evil dead who rose to “masticate”, or chew, upon the souls of the still living.
In the same era, Rohlius and Hertelius produced the Dissertatio de Hominibus post Mortem Sanguisugis uulgo dictus Vampyrea, and like Rohr, the partners Rohlius and Hertelius seemed to think that chewing was the defining nature of the Vampire’s attack, as opposed to sucking.
All in all, Jemilah had been exposed to centuries of dissident Undead gnosis: accounts, grimoires, reference texts, log-books and the palimpsests made of missals. Vampire-exterminating commandments all of them.
But most significant in her Vampire slaying edification, due to the deep-seated fear it conjured within her unadulterated soul, was a translation of the 1746 church publication Dissertations sur les Apparitions des Anges, des Demons, et des Esprits; et sur les Revenans et Vampires, written by the learned Benedictine monk Dom Augustin Calmet on the habits of the Undead in the much-troubled lands of Hungary, Bohemia, Moravia and Silesia. This authoritative text alone would have satisfied most Vampire slaying dilettantes.
Nevertheless, she studied further and the devoted Catholic slash Arabian pupil ardently learnt of the old Irish Leanhaun-shee, an alluring fairy which makes itself irresistible to young lovelorn men, and which would ensnare the male victim until he wasted away.
Also from Ireland is the blood-sucking Dearg-due which too charms vulnerable men to their unholy deaths.
Jemilah knew of the Irish belief that the fairies of their isle are bloodless, hence the abduction of men by these non-human entities to remedy their sanguine deficiency.
She knew, of course, of the hated Lamiai, Mormolykiai and Vrykolakus from rural Greece.
The Hungarian Pricolici, too, are monsters which would occasionally haunt her dreams.
She carefully examined an Arabic translation of the German publication Visum et Repertum by Johann Flückinger and scrutinised the records of the strange cases of Arnold Paole and the Medwegya scares of 1727-32.
She studiously learnt of the rare two-hearted Strigoi vii from Romania, later known as either Nosferatu or Nosophoros, the carrier of deadly plagues, and the Serbian werewolf cum Vampire, the Vukodlak.
In Siberia and Northern Russia there are many legends of the Vampire-like Eretik with which Jemilah thoroughly familiarised herself. Indeed, the Slavic states are richest with regard to their documented history of Vampires and their ilk. But Jemilah had researched even further afield than the folklore of the European continent.
She contemplated the history of the Mandurugo from the Philippines in South East Asia, which spends the day as a beautiful, apparently normal woman and the nights as a fierce, flying monster that follows the call of the avian Kikik to the homes of potential victims.
She pondered the case of the Langsuyar, a woman who dies in childbirth (or within forty days of parturition) from Malaysia, and whose stillborn child returns as a supernatural night owl, the Pontianak.
She mused upon stories of the fanged Hindu goddess Kali in India, who is a divine multi-armed entity, and she knew of the graveyard-dwelling Rakshasha of other parts of South East Asia.
Jemilah’s forebears had compared notes with the Vampirdzhija of Bulgaria - professional Slayers - and she brooded over their translated advice.
She knew that closer to home, in the southern climes of Africa, there were those convinced of the traditional Bantu belief - in parts of Zimbabwe, especially - that deceased ancestors must be fed animal blood in ritual sacrifice lest the spirit of the revenant bring illness and death to the community.
Without a doubt, Jemilah knew Vampires. And, most importantly, she knew that in Catholicism lay the best remedy.
Jemilah’s nightly lucubration was as thorough as any Vampire-hunters could possibly be, and she was aware that the practice of documenting vampirism was as old as her Lord Christ, for the Vampire represented the very Anti-Christ Herself slash Himself slash Itself. And although a compulsory student also of the Koran, Jemilah knew Exodus 22: 18, which warns, “Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.” But she did not realise how true to the present threat this gendered term really was. Nor had she any inkling of the Aboriginal Australian legend of the Vampire Mrart or the night-stalking killer known as the dreaded Yara-ma-yha-who.
And soon for the childlike yet relatively wise Jemilah, the tenets of ancient lore, Catholic and Islam theology and modern reality would be gravely intertwined.
A rarity amongst Moroccans, her family and forebears had kept alive their Catholic traditions for more than four centuries, but accessing the cathedral of St. Catherine was even easier now than in her father’s day given that the Safi town council had installed a ‘guide’ to turn on the lights in the crumbling stone basilica from two to five on Sundays for the trickle of fifty dirham paying western tourists. The councillors funding not extending to bribes for the Only A Planet contributors meant, however, that most westerners passed Safi by with nary a thought to the town’s historical significance as the cradle of Catholicism in North-west Africa, for the popular travel guide made no mention of it at all.
Avid for any excitement or intrigue to conquer his boredom, the little attendant was an easy man to corrupt, with just a few silver coins across his palm sufficient to let them store their sacraments in the hidden vault behind a vast stone which sat unheeded there on its ancient, disguised wheels. In fact, it wasn’t really a bribe: he was another rare Arabian Catholic too, if only a part-time devotee, whom, like petty officialdom everywhere, simply needed a little financial recompense for the risk he was taking and a little help with the daily cost of putting Tajine on the family table.
He wore his poverty like a war medal though, and he was perversely proud of how his ribs showed through his Gandoora like those of a ship being demolished. For these reasons he was happy to labour for the cause and not the money.
There certainly were rather few of Catholic faith left in Morocco - all those who remained could trace their descent from crossbreeding with the persistent Portuguese - but there were enough of them to keep the religion alive. The results of what many Muslim Moroccans called miscegenation, they served their Living God, with Christ Jesus as His Son.
First and last they were servants of Christ: God’s men - and women - at arms, prepared to kill and to die for their righteous cause.
They had stout, unflinching hearts but had always suspected the Undead would return, as they had in the legendary plagues of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries. Then, the local Muslims, unaided by the Crucifix, or Holy Water, or even the humble yet significantly apotropaic garlic, retreated to their nomadic ways and evaded the nightwalkers, by doing likewise, sleeping through the stifling, morale-sapping heat of the day and moving on at night before the anthropophagic deaths even stirred up interest by the local law-keepers.
Theirs was never a sedentary, agricultural existence and peaceful slumbers were short and highly valued. But after an epigrammatic period the Undead of the western Moroccan climes moved east to the seat of Tangier, where unexplained deaths were simply put down to the general lawlessness of the coastal town. Indeed, many of the Vampires thence took the short ferry trip to Spain, where there was a healthy population of Muslims known as the Morusco and they feasted on the non-Catholics and others devoid of the protection of the Crucifix in that continent to their blackened heart’s delight.
And so the Muslim people of Safi became complacent, burying themselves deeper and deeper in the apparent safety of learning Sura after Sura of the Koran, and the presence of Crucifixes became almost non-existent. A paucity of crosses made for attractive breeding ground for servants of the Anti-Christ, as Maria well knew.
But Jemilah’s father and grandfather before him and great grandfather before him and her great great grandfather before him (now, one must understand, as a female Vampire Slayer, she really was quite a rarity, but a rarity potentially deadly to the nightwalkers): all had sought the opportunity to prove themselves before their Catholic God.
Her predecessors had honed their Vampire slaying skills in Tangiers or in decadent Agadir, transcribing events as they went and as they learned the skills of the Vampire-Slayer they recorded the methodologies in a treatise valued so highly it was only to be read by savants such as Jemilah, or those who showed a particular North African Catholic affiliation from their very childhood, and is so valued its name cannot be repeated here.
But when the identity of one of the Vampire hunters in far off Tangiers became known, as would invariably become the terrible case when one of the powerful enemy eventually succeeded in outwitting them, for not all Vampires are dim-witted, they would quietly disappear back to Safi, which was believed by most Moroccans to be entirely Muslim in its religious orientation.
And so there was always the expectation, as had seemingly been fulfilled that day in the markets, that a Vampire’s familiar would someday come again to their home town in the process of scouting new territory for a foreign Master. Nevertheless, Jemilah was ready to prove herself to her ancestors, none of whom had fallen victim themselves and had all managed to live to great old ages, leaving behind the legacy of a remarkable family knowledge.
Unfortunately, modern capitalism and its attendant technology had also entered the lives of the good servants of Christ everywhere, including Morocco. Videotapes and DVDs, with classical Arabic - or more commonly French - subtitles had brought the secular Buffy and John Carpenter’s Vampires and the ludicrous Blade to the Moroccan cineplex screens of mass entertainment and even into the carpeted lounge rooms of suburban Safi.
And in these entertainments the skills of the Vampire hunter were lined up for ridicule. When Wesley Snipes said “Crosses don’t do squat!” audiences tended to notice. It was nothing less than dangerous irreverence when Snipes’ crass character entertained the thought of mere silver as an antidote to the Undead in the 1998, 2002 and 2004 Blade movies.
Such Hollywood-crafted distractions made the fallacious argument that the Catholic religion was no match for Vampires. Thus the falsehoods the Tinseltown producers promulgated were patently problematic for a Muslim city under vampiric siege. Indeed, the secular propaganda can make even educated Slayers query their own allegiance. But the anti-Christian pap and pseudo-entertainment simply made Jemilah shrug her pretty shoulders with nonchalance. The world was growing more and more secular and while we are all still in the age of the Nostradamus predicted “Empire of Vampires” she had confidence in her weighty knowledge. Glancing at her library of musty old texts, none of which were by Poppy Z. Brite, Anne Rice or Stephanie Meyer, she wondered what life for an ordinary teenager in an ordinary Christian country might be like. What would she be allowed to wear? Safi wasn’t exactly Fashion Central. What would she be allowed to eat? She’d heard of pizza and was curious. What would she be allowed to … and then let out a tiny sigh of exasperation: for she knew also that she would never experience these things.
She wondered what de Bortoli knew of these things. Putting her books aside, she commenced praying for him again.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER TWENTY NINE.



Vampire Person 29. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“The Vampire is a subversive creature in every way, and I think this accounts for much of his appeal.” - Poppy Z. Brite in Love in Vein, NY: Harper Prism, 1994: x.

Departing my rented abode in Safi cautiously, for although overcast, it was still the middle of the day and therefore bright enough to injure, I wore my new hooded Djellibah and bought myself a succulent mandarin, for it was ideal mandarin-eating weather. The gentlest of mottled sunlight descended upon my shoulders from the purest Moroccan sky and it called for a citrus accompaniment. But, like so many of the mundane things that normally produced pleasure, the sweet fruit was no longer satisfying enough. This, Gentle Reader, was the cost of my new existence, a dulling of all that had previously been pleasurable.
Nevertheless, some Earthly pleasures persisted. The sticky nectar dribbled down my chin and reminded me of … well, there’s no way to put it delicately … it reminded me of sex. I was desperate for the voluptuous comforts of Maria and so I found myself a substitute in the form of a masseuse. At an hourly rate, you understand.
I lay face down on the table clothed only in a towel and the practitioner began skilfully kneading my knotted muscles. After about twenty minutes of expert Swedish during which I came close to dozing off, the woman motioned to me to turn over and, noticing the tent between my legs, squealed an alto note of mock alarm.
Still smiling, she swiftly pulled her Gandoora over her head, revealing a brown perfection of flesh.
She had firm breasts that amazed even herself, I’m sure. Suspended like ripe cantaloupes they were magnificently poised, one could say stationed, atop her toned and healthy ribcage. Feeling like an unbridled satyr, I released my hard structure from beneath the towel and she felt no alarm as she coaxed the wet relief from within, although it was an unusual-looking one, she must have thought. And then the end came like a collision.
After my white character was wiped away, I thought to myself as I dressed that these were the basic interactions, time-honoured, between a man with money and a woman with allure. In the economy of lust, the one sold sex, the other bought it. No male person, whatever their religion, was ever free from these animal practices, and for many participants it is the Raison d’ être of life.
But as thankful and relieved as I was, like a bone-crushing juggernaut, I did not hesitate for a moment when it came to ripping the masseuse’s soft throat asunder.
It was so very quick: she felt no horror, no eschatological terror, not even any apprehension about what was to become of her in the quavering new existence.
A flicker of compunction crossed my brain and I thought of Jemilah for some reason, but like a dog returning to its own vomit, I could not resist what had become my sordid way of Un-life. It was now a genuine killing spree, a blood-soaked rampage through the shadowy corners of Safi’s underclass and lowlifes.
I was unstoppable and I was loving it, unna.
***
My footsteps echoed loudly in the cavernous, high-ceilinged hall: the camel-skin heels on my feet were still new, hard and unworn. Stone busts watched me suspiciously. The Safi art gallery holds several Andy Warhols, a modest Vassily Kandinski and even a rural idyll by Tom Roberts. They are all very good fakes that have fooled a number of self-styled art aficionados. The protocols of provenance can be easily overlooked when it’s believed there is a bargain to be made.
And when you go out onto the back balcony of the gallery for a smoke you can see the laundry liquid blue sea, its cresting waves winking in the shining harbour below and perhaps you will catch a tantalising whiff of barbequed sardines picked up and tossed around by the precocious, tangy sea-breezes. The gallery was not blessed with bricked ornamentation or cast iron gargoyles: it was a simple (the tourist guide used the word ‘minimalist’) structure, and the updrafts from the ocean remained mute and unimpressed by the gallery’s attempt at municipal grandeur. They penetrated its rooms just as they did any Safian goat-herder’s domicile.
That the paintings were thus so carelessly exposed to the ambient atmosphere, that is, the salt-laden air circulating unimpeded through the open balcony doors, should have aroused some suspicion regarding the collected artwork’s authenticity. But the day to day patronage of the Safi Art Gallery were only a generation or two progressed from the camel-hoarding Tuarag tribes-people. Any European aficionado would have been instantly clued up enough as to each painting’s forged veracity, if only for the absence of attention to its preservation in the canvas-buckling humidity, but there were plenty of Safians prepared to accept all the works displayed in the vaulted halls as bona fide. Even that great impostor himself, the new Safi Chief of Police, was convinced.
In the fake marble-lined bathroom, I glanced at my quick-silver reflection. My skin is the canvas of my life’s story, my very own palette and easel, with a dull base the colour of nothing more glamorous than wet Arnott’s Arrowroot biscuits. If I connect the dots of this skin painting before me in the mirror I can trace an outline of a rare tree, like an inverted boab, but it is a plant in which some of the branches are indistinct. There is Italian in the boughs, to be sure, the phloem and xylem being the inlets of the Mediterranean coastline. But the trunk that still holds me aloft as erect as a flagpole is Aboriginal and it has bark that is stringy over here whereas just over there it is papery and in other places it is smooth, white and cross-hatched with rosacea like a thin sprinkling of red desert ochre. My epidermis is like a bark painting, eh.
Back in the gallery, after I had wrestled myself away from the existential trauma that full-length mirrors always hit me with, I looked at their three metre high black, white and silver portrait of Elvis Presley, resplendent in his Cuban-heeled cowboy boots with denim jeans tucked in to reveal the ornate stitching on the black leather shins, his carefully neck-tied bandanna, the immaculately pomaded coiffure, and the homo-erotic promise of his two six-chambered barrels forever pointed at the viewer, cocked and ready for anything but killing, and I wondered how the deeply Christian King of Rock (yes, I know I’ve used capitals here) would feel about his image being displayed in this, one of the most Muslim of all Muslim enclaves. Even if the canvas was erroneously attributed to the great Andy Warhol.
Well, at least dead Elvis didn’t have to fast for the Safian art connoisseur’s faith as I had been expected to recently.
The Muslim ceremony of Ramadan is the month-long daylight diet endured by pious devotees of Islam each year to celebrate Allah’s gift of the Koran to the prophet Mohammed (I’d insert a picture of the big M here but such insulting caricatures didn’t go down so well in Holland, so I’ll give it a miss).
The fast extends from sunrise to sunset each day for a full cycle of the moon. Every night the end of the daylight diet is signalled by a siren call from the Mosque’s minarets, each needle-like tower topped with a brass crescent moon and star. The warm breeze wafts the call of the Muezzin far afield, for the nasal songs are often electronically amplified.
“Allah is great”, they declare as they tell all the good Muslim people it is now permissible to eat, drink, smoke cigarettes, and do everything else forbidden by the fast (I cynically wondered if the young men held off masturbating until told to?) and in less obvious terms advised that those who did not comply were cursed Infidels and should therefore be promptly killed. After being stoned, of course - and we’re not talking about any forced consumption of Moroccan hashish, unna.
I held many reservations about Catholicism but I knew that at least this religion of my upbringing did not presently espouse death for those who were not amongst their numbers, not since the crusades and witch-hunting trials of long ago, anyway.
A shudder racked my increasingly toned, nay, nearly buffed, body as I recalled my experience in the second week of Ramadan. I had been walking the streets of Safi, unhappily amazed by the fact that my emergency fund of Australian dollars could not be converted to dirham, not anywhere here in Safi, nor, I learnt, after several phone calls, at the international airport and not even on the black market. Moroccans apparently respected only American dollars or French francs or the still somewhat dependable Euros. I guess they didn’t come across many Aussie dollars around here anyway as it was a hell of a long way from Down Under to this - or any other part - of North Africa.
The English teaching school had terminated my briefly lived employment and its meagre salary after I missed three classes, stoned and hungry. The learning environment was too thick with cues to memory, for childhood provides the germ of all the enduring anxieties of adulthood and this made for an uninviting workplace. I recalled how foes of the same grade or higher would joke cruelly upon you. You suffered until, with glee, you could joke cruelly upon another lesser child, and thus, through inflicting it, the recollection of humiliation was weakened. I didn’t need to be reminded of my vulnerable, frail childhood: the years when I would cling to the more tolerant of teachers, the ones who provided the maternal comfort and protection I so desired.
And so it was midday on what most would call a work day and with the dirham jangling about in my pocket I purchased some fried sardines and bottled water. I assured the suspicious Muslim vendor I would not consume them until after dusk. The 42-degree heat was getting to me, and the local’s biases were, too. It was what would have been the hour for siesta anyway and the houses were all closed up with their blinds and shutters tightly drawn, their occupants engaged in nothing more taxing than patient lassitude. Those households that could afford air-conditioning were running it at full tilt. A gaseous mass consisting of the morning traffic’s gasoline fumes, exhaust from domiciliary cooling apparatuses and steam from the near-bubbling tarmac produced a noxious grey pall, suspended above the street like a chemical shawl, threatening to combust spontaneously and incinerate all, such as myself, who had not yet garnered shelter from the heat.
Not a square centimetre of shadow offered relief, save at the edges of my feet, underneath the curled toes of my sandals. My thoughts turned to contemplation of a childhood cruelty I once barbarically enjoyed, an occasion when, bored to tears, I had persecuted the harmless meat ants in Mt. Isa with a magnifying glass. Persistently, I chased one hapless insect after another with the focussed glare of the reading lens, until the pinpoint of blinding light caught a victim’s thorax, causing the arthropod to instantly curl up, as if struck by divine magic, and commence a silent, smoking scream that I imagined only other ants could hear. It thrashed its limbs in pain as I smirked at my terrible power. Such cruelty was inflicted with nothing more than the motivation of curiosity borne from tedium and I felt like the concentration camp captain in Spielberg’s Schindler’s List. Nary a tremor of empathy accompanied my nasty little holocausts.
But a world away from the Isa, in Safi, I soon felt like an oversized ant myself, frenzied, directionless and vulnerable to the whims of a heartless sun.
I could bear the heat stress no longer. Turning into a quieter off-street and checking to all sides, I confidently concluded I was unobserved despite being in the full, burning glare of the virulent Safi sun that was unsympathetically flashing a one word semaphore across the iridescent bitumen: HOT, HOT, HOT.
And so I swigged deeply from my bottle of tepid Sidi Harazem brand mineral water. And suddenly, from every side around me, all Islamic hell broke loose.
Hungry, bearded Moroccan men erupted like toxic geysers from the shadows to spit gobs of yellow sputum at me while expertly ducking my flailing fists whenever they ventured within striking distance. Neighbours, distant relatives and unmet others, it seems, instantly heard the call to religious arms and emerged from nearby alleyways already loaded with stony ammunition. A chunk of rock the diameter of a grapefruit grazed my left ear. Another large missile left a black and red welt in my lower back which would have debilitated lesser men. I saw dozens of hairy male hands scrabbling across the ground for projectiles, eager to join in the mêlée, the un-choreographed spectacle of hate. For me, a hare amongst hounds, there was nowhere to run from this Safian jihad. Desperately, and as a last resort, I held my water bottle up high and inverted it conspicuously, dramatically soaking the dusty dry ground next to my feet as I plaintively yelled: “As-salam ‘alaykum. As-salam ‘alaykum!” Some of the blood-thirsty bastards faltered slightly, so I continued, now on my knees: “Allah al Akbar! There is but one God and that is Allah! Allah al Akbar!”
It was like a curtain had been drawn across a Piss-Christ statue unwisely put on display in a bible-belt American town hall: the Muslim umbrage went quickly off the boil. Sufficiently mollified, the mob retreated, although many were still muttering with ill-disguised, child-like pique, seemingly disappointed at the unfulfilled promise of blood-sport. Relieved that I was only bruised, I walked away, while surprise at the gift fought with outrage at the offence. It soon became a limping run, however, for fear of a reversal to the concession. Panting with relief, backward glance, no, don’t look their way, get away fast, eyes straight ahead. Returning to my rented apartment under the savage watch of what seemed to be thousands of the hungry, hate-filled eyes of Islam.
The cruel child comes, enjoys the belittling, and then departs, satisfied, as do emperors and metropolises and spent fortunes, but the cruel child, the child filled with enmity, he also leaves ruins behind him. His legacy is anxiety and religion can make cruel children of anyone.
As I fell asleep on my newly-acquired silk-embroidered divan in the cool of my tiled flat, that smelt so invitingly of shade, these anxious thoughts persisted but found a digression and it occurred to me that all of humanity has evolved from life in the sea and that if there is a God he, she or it is probably an immense, brainless, silver sardine and as I dreamed I imagined myself as an olive-skinned flounder, my eyes on one side only of my body so I could concentrate my accusing glare on the heavenly seas above.
Meanwhile my bruises healed so fast that when I awoke I wondered if it had actually happened to me or to someone else Maria may have once known.
But why could I not remember even leaving the Safi art gallery? Was the cruel child in me getting forgetful?
And what do you suppose Jemilah was like as a child?
***
March the 4th, 2009, um, I think. If my words now fail to follow a straight and uniform path, it is because I am becoming quite lost in a strange world. The calendar function on my watch has gone haywire, and I must confess (not in the Roman Catholic sense ... but then again ...) that I am somewhat befuddled about whether it is the correct day for me to acknowledge this particularly important celebratory event on the church calendar: it is, well, it possibly is the Day of Annunciation, when good Catholics commemorate Mary’s learning from the awesome, mind-boggling Angel Gabriel that she will give immaculate birth to the Almighty Messiah, albeit the customary nine months later.
My guess is that she reacted a little like I would have myself, if such flat-Earth exploding info were to ever be delivered to me by some hovering - probably glowing - Undead entity.
Yes, I surmised, she was filled with questions, for Mary was intelligent and therefore cynical and she henceforth questioned the Angel - since even Heathens know that they can be wonderfully good or disastrously bad - before eventually assenting to her supernatural maternal duties. But queries must have lingered in her bright mind: “How can this be,” she surely must have asked, “For I’m not exactly sleeping around.”
Upon receiving the Angel Gabriel’s counsel she then acquiesces and submissively states: “Let it be.” Mary, with her total submission to God, was the first disciple of her illegitimate son, Jesus.
And hence we have the Beatles’ most inane and thus best selling song.
Mary, the Mother of God. Theotokos. Queen of Heaven. Mater Dolorosa. Mother of Mercy. Yet she, according to the undoubtedly misogynistic Protestants, ranked alongside the Crucifix, which they say had been turned by the debased Catholics into an unholy graven image.
But, if she had been a wanton woman who never believed, she surely would never have conceived. This much I knew without instruction from any scripture and it was not so hard to rejoice in this self-evident knowledge.
I had been back in Safi now for over a month with my beloved and thoroughly bewitching Maria seemingly always at my side, and I kept under cover away from the cruelty of the sun gods we humans call by so many various names. So while I spent my days sleeping in my cool-tiled rented apartment (the not inconsiderable arrears had been conveniently overlooked thanks to the selective turning of the town’s leading rental agent), I frequently ventured out, but only once night had safely sealed out the day.
Occasionally, I considered the significance of what had become my own personal and inevitably downward trajectory. Gravity, of course, is a force produced by mass, and that thought intrigued me, for was I not like a flake of stone (under the spell of the gravity god), broken away from the monolithic masonry of the Catholic church with the whole event being a fall from grace, a descent from the Holy Mass?
Momentarily confused, I decided to try the local barber for a haircut and a shave, for I felt dishevelled in the all-seeing presence of the glamorous Maria.
The barber sprang to his feet as I entered, crying “Welcome, Nasrani, welcome!” In Morocco, foreigners are often called Nasrani (based on the word ‘Nazarenes’ denoting Christians) but the term was as inappropriate for me as that other ubiquitous term for greeting westerners, Masihi, meaning follower of the messiah. Full of fake bonhomie, the smiling barber gestured to an empty chair as he tried to calculate how much he could overcharge me.
Now, proud Moroccan men are very fastidious about their facial hair. Naturally, their un-naturally styled beards or moustaches instantly distinguish the Moroccan man as non-female, and the woman is something a Moroccan man must never be mistaken for. For women are weak, right? Women are stupid, right? Women are dirty, right? But facial hair can also distinguish them as individuals, too, and they consciously prioritise its care. Indeed, Muslim Arabs can be as pernickety about their beards as they are about attending the Mosque. Moustaches are the most common facial adornment, as they are not quite as threatening, visually, to the opposite sex - many of whom would have moustaches of their own were it not for their cosmetic intervention. There must be thousands of ways to style the hair that sprouts from a man’s face. Whilst you can certainly buy a French Bic or Gillette razor at just about any shop stall - there is nothing French that cannot be bought at a Moroccan corner store - many Moroccan men prefer to pay up to ten dirham for the special attention of a barber, the luxury of his scented lather and the precision of his cut-throat blade.
Lathering the foam is a thorough procedure. The flesh of the client’s cheeks and throat are wetly pummelled, scented oils and creams are then meticulously applied while a straight razor is honed to deadly sharpness on a leather strop. 
Unfortunately, my beard, like the hair on my scalp, is typical of most Aboriginal Australians in that it is very curly and the hairs spring back toward the skin. Apart from producing numerous trans-cutaneous ingrown hairs and subsequent skin bumps and rashes, it also makes close shaving a difficulty. Generally, the closest shave is achieved by going against the grain, which is normally up the face, in the direction of the eyes. But a curly-bearded man’s facial hair causes a small hillock to arise at the base of each follicle and the up-shot is, because the Moroccan barber is used to trimming the Arabian’s typically straight and unproblematic facial hair, he produced on my part-Aboriginal face a complete bloody mess.
A sanguinary sight, perhaps, for sore Vampire eyes, I emerged from my first and last visit to a Safi barber with red trickling from a dozen razor-nicks as the barbaric man had no styptic or alum to stem the flow.
Declining the generic Arabian scent bottle I crossed myself reverently with my own Brut 33 and winced at the familiar alcohol-induced sting as it momentarily inflamed what hurt like a hundred facial lacerations.
Perhaps that is why the barber shop has long been identified by the red and white striped candy bar pole: blood-letting was the most common medical procedure of the last 2500 years, and was often practiced by barbers with a double bladed lancet. George Washington was a great but ill-informed advocate of the procedure. A most simple course of action, it still required skill and a steady hand: not surprisingly, few alcoholic barbers were entrusted with the undertaking. Dry cupping was another popular procedure in which blood was not actually drained from the body, whereas wet blooding typically involved the use of a gruesome scarificator, which left a number of painful lacerations. Suffering from a severe chest infection, the great American General Washington encouraged the surgeons stoically to conduct their grisly procedures but several blood-lettings later and six pints lighter the drained man of the moment took his last breath.
Barbers and barbarians alike will tell you that the blood is the life and in 1818 a certain obstetrician named Blundell was led to study transfusion with regard to the commonly fatal blood loss in childbirth. So ironic that in giving life, a birthing mother ran a high risk of losing hers, and he concluded that the previously widespread animal to human transfusions were almost inevitably fatal. Well, surprise, surprise. Thus he innovatively drew blood from the women’s husbands, saving many a wife (who just happened to share her spouse’s blood type), from bleeding to death. But it was still a hit and miss procedure. It was not until many years later that Landsteiner discovered the different blood types in 1901 in Vienna and hence cleared the way for the unproblematic transfusion of blood from the same type to the same type. It was a whopping 300 years since William Harvey first proved that it was the heart that provided circulation of lifeblood through the body: science advanced at a snail’s pace in those days.
Of course, Maria had known all this blood-related trivia for millennia and I received this tid-bit of information with a wry smile. Like an unprincipled scientist I was also interested in the frontiers of knowledge. Experimentally, and for a whole very risky week, I seemed to hanker for danger. Like a dedicated but demented social analyst, I spent an hour or so each evening strolling the murky streets of night-time Safi without uttering a giveaway word as I wore a women’s full-length black Haik, a costume much like the Niqab or Burka, which also provided no more than a slit through which to view the world.
Like a post box on legs I shopped for groceries, communicating only by sign language. Only my sunglass covered eyes were visible through the headpiece’s narrow rectangle and I shaved the black curly hairs from the back of my exposed hands as well. I crept into the women’s rooms, tucked my large feet underneath tables, cushions or myself and wondered why the women were partitioned apart from the men during prayer. “Mixed gender today, the unisex fires of Purgatory tomorrow?”, I cynically asked no-one other than myself.
I entered the seraglios quietly, demurely declining the conversation of the harems I had crashed, enduring their prattle which was like the muted chatter of budgerigars and leaving before insistent questions were asked by any overly friendly women. I wasn’t quite sure why I took this extraordinary risk, this cross-dressing charade. Was I turning into some kind of religious transvestite? Was I a pervert hoping to gain access to women’s toilets? Was I … was I getting ready to stalk someone special … someone like … someone like Jemilah?
No, I reassured myself, I was just observing and learning, and that’s all I did, looking out through the narrow rectangle of the thick black cotton. But I went completely undiscovered and was never burdened with the onerous task of explaining.
And thus, I duly learned the locations of numerous succulent new female necks … 
***
The date today? Again, can’t be too sure. I may even be repeating myself. Can’t say I really care anymore, which reminds me of something I did care about and that’s small-town authority figures who hypocritically abuse their position … 
Bored with my cross-dressing, I changed from a Haik to the more acceptable attire for a male Moroccan, when I happened to get a hankering for a swim. Trading the Burka for a bikini certainly wasn’t an option. Even for a daredevil such as I, the risk of discovery - and utter humiliation, if not criminal prosecution - was too great. And so after my dip I watched quietly from beneath the hood of my new beige-coloured Djebillah (everybody believed me to be an Arab until I opened my Aussie gob, so I maintained the beneficial illusion and communicated only in multi-lingual grunts whenever possible). Yes, my dress had gone fully local if indeed my motives were not.
And thus attired, I carefully surveyed the comings and goings of the Safi police station and cautiously captured pictures on my 9.1-mega pixel digital camera stolen from the University of Melbourne audiovisual department (I confess that as my borrowing rights had been curtailed until I paid for the previous losses in Morocco, I had therefore applied for, and was duly granted, by virtue of their inattention, a five fingered discount).
So, I snapped the replacement Safi Chief of Police on several occasions after the day I had first told him of the attack in the Souk when I’d been almost stoned to death for drinking water during the fasting of Ramadan. He had showed absolutely no sympathy and said that Safi was not a tourist town and Infidels such as I must respect the hand of Allah - who generously provided so many sardines for the bellies of the faithful and so much clay for their kilns - or suffer the consequences. Those consequences being the solemn, righteous hand of the faithful.
I asked him if the townsfolk ever celebrated Christmas and he said no, of course not, don’t be ridiculous, stupid Infidel.
Despite his ready candour, I intuitively felt suspicious of this man. I felt he was suspicious of me, too, so I watched him and his entrances and exits carefully from the café almost directly opposite his office. To all casual observers I was just one of around twenty aimless Arabs sipping mint tea in one of the dozens of bougainvillea-decked cafés lining the streets of Safi and no-one knew I was refining my taste for the blood of non-Catholics.
With surprising ease I then tracked the new Police Chief as he met his fourteen-year-old rent-boy and drank several Flag Specials in the cool shade thrown by a willow-treed courtyard. Lined with high stone walls and featuring a rock pool roiling with red and orange carp, it must have counted as a refuge from reality for the Police Chief, as the humiliated but well-paid boy took down his pants. The secret apartment was his private den of iniquity, each room a sub-plot in a narrative of excess, where crystalline Swarovski goblets jockeyed with a Chinoiserie mirror for pride of place, an Aubusson rug adorned the floor and orchid blossoms overflowed from a Meissen bowl set down as the dining table’s epergne.
But the courtyard providing shelter for the Muslim’s pederastic pursuits was not entirely impervious to watchers from the third floor of the adjacent block of flats and I saw guilt enough before the bent and twisted cop retired to his family of six, dragging his dirty little secret, and with whom he waited until sunset when, to all unsuspecting observers, he officially broke his fast of Ramadan.
I felt no remorse for planning that evening’s butchery, yet I could not deny there was an element of apprehension and anxiety the onslaught of darkness now brought with it. Previously, as a student in Melbourne, the dusk of approaching night-time meant peaceful, un-interrupted reading and writing. The setting of the sun shepherded in a cocoon-like escape from the rush and social interaction of the ‘normal’ world of academia. Productive research could take place under the University of Melbourne foot bridge.
But now the gentle darkness calmed me not. Rather, it unleashed an aspect of me that was uncontrollable, if not irrational. Destruction and denial of all that was logical seemed forefront. But it also seemed utterly inevitable and so very, very right. Thus, I good-naturedly accosted the second Safi Chief of Police on the steps beside the police station and, in the welcoming cool of twilight, invited him to my apartment for the soothing palliative of a drink or two. Yes, alcoholic I winked. Flag Specials? Sure, I had a well-stocked bar from my last trip to Casablanca, I guaranteed the new town marshal.
He scratched his shirt-stretching paunch and thought for a moment. Blissfully unaware of his host’s intentions, which included a close encounter with a fatally heavy, blunt force, he thence invited Deadly Terror to walk right into his life.
After prayers he said and he would meet me at my apartment and did I have any Vodka Cruisers because he certainly did enjoy the raspberry flavoured ones and when he arrived - in plain clothes - I asked him how he got there and he said the taxi had dropped him at the corner a block away and did he know anyone in this neighbourhood I queried no this was not the respected part of Safi he said tugging nervously on his double-cuffed French sleeves with their small sapphire links but he would quite enjoy a drink and I poured him the requested beverage and when I turned my back he put his hand quite deliberately on my arse with another of his oily uncertain smiles and plucking it from its pedestal as if it were nothing at all I brought the thirty kilo imitation marble bust of Darwin crashing down through the grease-slicked hair and brown skin and the fragile bone and useless membranes of his skull and as he died I politely asked him to say fuck you very much to his God Allah.
My second Chief of Police: what a score! Yes, I know it was not what Mary really wanted but it was what you wanted, wasn’t it, Maria?
What more can be expected from a Troll who lives under a University of Melbourne foot bridge?
From the wonderful panoramas permitted from under my bridges, both the concrete one in Melbourne and the metaphorical one in Morocco, if I see worthy victims then I will take them and I will feed luxuriantly.
The badge-bearing hypocrite would prey no more on children and I lapped up the blood from his head wound with no sense of culpability. It made me feel so beautifully re-energised …
But I glanced back at the corpse as I left and was stunned, for it was not the Chief of Police’s face I saw staring out from the mangled head. Instead Jemilah’s kohl-lined eyes bulged there and the blood in my stomach was suddenly surging out of my oesophagus, out of mouth and out of my understanding.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER THIRTY.



Vampire Guy 30. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Did [Bram Stoker] cautiously write a novel promoting the proselytisation of Protestants to Catholicism in an era when to do so might be dangerous to an Irishman’s health and/or freedom? One reading of Dracula indeed suggests that its author was a closet Catholic cloaking his dangerous views in a relatively safe literary medium.” - Sterling de Bortoli in “Keeping the faith: Catholicism in Dracula and its adaptations,” Journal of Dracula Studies, 6, 2004: 13.

De Bortoli, the part-time Blackfella, full-time Bloodsucka, was being very well fed.  He had developed into a true Creature of the Night, the unholy transition first made possible by Maria’s own so sharp white teeth in the whirlwind days after presenting his paper on Bram Stoker at the Victorian Literature Studies talkfest in Canberra’s Australian National University in Maria’s first semester of third year study, which was not so very long ago but might as well have been a century previous for the little memory of it he could summon.
Yes, we gods were all watching that one. Some of us even took notes, so our memories are sufficient.
The theory de Bortoli outlined in his paper was that Stoker was a closet-Catholic, as many Irishmen of his era were, and that today’s secular society was ignoring Stoker’s covert project which was to show that the Count Dracula of Transylvania was actually the Anti-Christ. Contrived from a sketchy recounting of the history of Wallachia’s Vlad The Impaler, otherwise known as Drakulya, or son of Drakul, the name has its origins in Latin and it is widely believed to mean either ‘dragon’ or ‘devil’. With Dracula’s case it meant one thing and only one thing, for dragons, of course, were long since extinct: It Meant The Devil.
As such, the Count was particularly vulnerable to icons of his eternal enemy, Jesus Christ. Thus, the Crucifix, with its pure, golden, invisible radiance (as powerful and as hot as concentrated sunlight), was a weapon of significant clout against the Anti-Christ Satan and his minions, as was Holy Water and the Eucharistic wafer: for if the carrier had faith then they were the actual body and blood of Christ.
Count Dracula, Diablo in flesh, the Anti-Christ embodied, knew that the blood is the life and thus, if he could, he would drain the blood of the vulnerable until he had won their souls and they then would all duly join his Undead ranks. And he ultimately would he resume what he believed was his rightful place among the pantheon of we gods. Do we scoff? Nay, for change is inevitable, given enough passage of the years.
The paper made quite a stir and a prominent Protestant researcher in the audience heckled passionate, hate-filled abuse at de Bortoli for his pro-Catholic stance regarding idolatry. The seminar ground to a controversial halt as the same Protestant academic exploded when de Bortoli claimed that Stoker’s Mina, the only surviving woman in the tale, was representative of the Virgin Mary and that the baby she gave birth to a year after Dracula’s apparent death was a symbolic re-staging of the birth of Christ.
The Protestant minister began ranting and rambling irrelevantly about Dan Brown’s The Da Vinci Code. De Bortoli shared the heckler’s disdain for the work of Brown, but for the pop author’s crimes against literature, not God.
Never-the-less, de Bortoli’s treatise was eventually published and his academic standing soared. But that night was his first meeting with Maria, an undergraduate student who seemed to anticipate the growth in his scholarly reputation.
And immediately knew she must thwart it.
So she began getting to know his weaknesses, his strengths and his dreams, easy enough information to glean from a self-obsessed man such as de Bortoli. That’s how she discovered his fascination with the Welles’ film of Othello, shot on location in Essaouira, and thus this tale was born, as she did what she could to shut down his research publications output. Maria loved the fact that Hollywood’s vampire movies were disseminating falsehoods about Slaying methodology. That the researcher working against this trend had an unfulfilled dream to travel to where Catholicism was defeated was a happy co-incidence she would energetically exploit.
The result being that in Crucifix-free Safi - where he had also grown in his understanding and appreciation of his new vampiric status - de Bortoli felt even stronger than when he was eating six meals or more a day of prosaic foodstuffs and shoplifting vitamins and lifting weights. His research was far from his mind and he began leaving behind victims in a way that left him not a moment’s doubt as to whom he owed his soul to.
Still there was a growing belief that nothing in this strange, weird world and this oh so fleeting life of ye humans can ever really be fully understood. Least of all one’s own not-so-little mistakes - like Safi’s two Chiefs of Police or the girl in the cemetery or the tramp in the Casablanca nightclub - and certainly not one’s understanding of we Old Bastards otherwise revered as gods. But de Bortoli had learnt that little by little a man travels further and learns and feels a little less like a virgin. A virgin at knowledge, if not murder, that is.
“But is it really murder to feed when one is hungry?” he asked himself with that almost forgotten and barely suppressed emotion of guilt.
Seconds before, Maria had been excitedly telling him about a new issue of Quarterly Review of Herbalogy available online, pointing out with glee its feature essay. It was entitled “First ever discovery looms of the odour producing gene sequence of Allium sativum”, at which he had half smiled, the words “first ever” reminding of a decades-old headline in his high school newsletter. “FIRST EVER wheelchair ramp installed at Queanbeyan High”. It was like, OMG! The teenagers have taken over the academy!
But at his serious question about feeding on people being murder, the centuries old Maria put down the statistics from her university research into the new garlic hybrid she was compiling and reassured her much, much younger lover that he was right to feed upon those who were less fit. Recall the work of Charles Darwin, she had pointedly asked?
As if to demonstrate the notion of survival of the fittest, Maria stood and spreadeagled her arms, stretching taut her ermine-collared, velvet cape behind her and revealed her bare-breasted front to his mind’s boggling eyes. Those self-same de Bortoli’s eyes on the other side of the globe stared at her pert, comely nakedness as if she was in the very same room as he. A wing of jet-black hair hung over one side of her face, in marked contrast to the whiteness of her cheeks. Demurely, yet seductively, the malevolent Maria’s green eyes twinkled from beneath her fringe as she dropped the cloak and let loose her wings. In the candlelight of the deserted Queanbeyan warehouse her full red lips looked almost black as her perfume wafted several thousand kilometres to his nostrils. Her dark lips made a heart shape as they pouted provocatively and de Bortoli knew that he was her inferior, her subordinate, her slave.
She laughed musically and he harkened back to when she’d angled her green-eyed head to the throbbing vein on his neck and with the greatest precision had delivered a nip to his jugular. She reminded him of the sixth and last time she had thanked the mortal boy slash man in this, the most intimate of manners known to her kind and of the fact that de Bortoli’s subsequent ecstasy was greater than any sexual delight. The sixth time, she had finally decided, was to be the last time. The final instalment was just reward for his good service and fidelity. It was a total turning and she had plunged deep, drinking a long succulent draught until he lay dry at her feet and virtually lifeless.
De Bortoli’s blood was good and healthy - it had elated her. Maria drank the essence of the well-muscled man with relish and felt him moving deep inside her. Sated, she put his ex-sanguinated body aside gently in a makeshift grave of un-consecrated ground, with the obligatory oblations, ready for the incumbent’s final turning, his much longed-for metamorphosis.
Unlike the theory of evolution, such things were not substantiated by science: de Bortoli’s turning might take the usual forty days or it might happen overnight. Even the Dark Lord herself knew not entirely all of the wheres and the why-fores when it came to the turning of a get.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER THIRTY ONE.



Vampire Guy 31. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Nearly everybody gets twitterpated in the springtime … You get weak in the knees … Your head’s in a whirl … you’re knocked for a loop!” - The wise, old Owl to the eponymous young deer in Bambi (dir. James Algar, 1942).

Mind mumbling and rambling again.
Not sure which incidents preceded which: it’s like waiting for an infected computer file to slowly render.
Where am I? Safi or Melbourne?
Where did my gutful of rich, hot blood come from?
Who am I really?
In the dark it is difficult to tell which bridge I am presently hiding under. Think. Guess? Yes, I can only guess at the complex machinations of the world these gods have created for me.
And naturally, I remained confused by the mere fragments of information I am getting.
But unlike Maria, my God selfishly keeps his knowledge all to himself.
Ye couldn’t handle all this knowledge, my most unhappy son.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER THIRTY TWO.



Alpha Vampire Girl. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“With blood his visage was distain’d,
Ensanguin’d were his frightful eyes,
Each sign of former life remain’d,
Save that all motionless he lies.”
- From The Vampyre by John Stagg, 1810.

Forsaking her suburban Canberra apartment, Good Reader, where too many night walking neighbours had recently disappeared, for a while Maria became as transient as her boyfriend Sterling. Empty factory buildings, their un-boarded skylights serving as irresistible targets for bored youths on the street, were now Maria’s choice of abode as she shunned the university colleges and halls of residence on campus and anticipated the move to Muslim Morocco. She eventually holed up in a dusty, dank and disused warehouse in the industrial part of working class Queanbeyan, just across the NSW border from Canberra. Too far from the Nation’s Capital to benefit from services like the Australian Capital Territory Internal Omnibus Network bus system (or ACTION, which must surely be the world’s most impressive governmental acronym), so she only made it onto campus about once a month when summoned by her thesis supervisor.
Had anyone stumbled across one of her rent-free squats, they would not have lingered long. Even the rats were repelled by the sour odour of the un-preened Maria, a smell not unlike a badly cured pelt. With attention it could be masked, but when no-one was around to impress, she really let herself go.
By the time de Bortoli first saw her stretch and spread her grey, powdery wings he had become oblivious to the subtle stench underlying her expensive perfume anyway. Like some kind of blackly angelic pterodactyl, Maria yawned with muscles in her back that normal humans lacked. They were not connected to her sternum, like a bird’s wings are, but to the back of her arms, her triceps. In fact her arms had four heads, like the quadriceps of the thigh. Between the cartilaginous bone-like infrastructures of her wings the soft leathery membrane coursed with blue-black veins, like the delicate nervure of a plant. De Bortoli stared through his increasingly pallid eyes from the other side of the world, and envied her.
He wondered when he too would emerge from his mortal chrysalis and make that awesome and oh-so-cool vampiric winged scene, but he didn’t realise how many centuries of genetic mutations Maria’s body had gone through to get to that stage. She had long since attained the evolutionary level of development whereby she could fold her wings away and they would disappear from prying human sight entirely.
And of course de Bortoli had only recently realised that his Master, his Vampire, his love, was in fact the King and Queen of all Vampires. And although he was not intent upon squiring her across dangerous roads or opening doors and pulling out chairs for her - Maria’s physical power made such patriarchal gallantry seem ridiculous - he still naively regarded her as a member of the fairer sex.
Having learnt to transmogrify itself from human to the well-known chiropteran form of the night sky’s bat to the loping, slathering form of the canine wolf and even to the thinnest of thin, thin air, the transvestism involved in becoming ‘Maria’ was a particularly easy matter - although a stroke of genius nevertheless - for the Anti-Christ. Thus, She slash He slash It gave de Bortoli what he wanted to see: a nubile, young, white woman.
Just as it had so expertly done in the guise of Vlad Tepesch for his warriors, Maria’s shape-shifting was a skill that gave all the new gets what they wanted to see. As Tepesch it was an apparently Christian warlord nailing the turbans of the invading Turks to their foreheads and skewering them alive on wooden spikes like wailing kebabs.
The Anti-Christ is the ultimate chameleon, and here, in 21st Century Australia, Dracula had ignored the usual paperwork or reassignment surgery and simply changed his name, appearance and gender. 
And what else would ye expect from one of we gods with so very many murderous teeth?

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER THIRTY THREE.



Vampire Guy 33. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.
“The eyes saw the sinking sun, and the look of hate in them turned to triumph.” - Mina Harker in Bram Stoker’s Dracula (1897).

Unexpectedly, Maria emailed me that she had a new research assistant. Dorothea, I learnt, was her name and she was, like myself (at certain times), an apostate Catholic. She’d given up on Papism. The Roman Catholics, for her, were the perpetrators of nothing less than a charade. First class honours in a Bachelor of Science degree with a major in plant genetics and an in-depth knowledge of Darwin’s evolutionism tends to do that to an intelligent person. And, like myself, Dorothea was of Indigenous descent. She was one with the Great Southern Land. She was one with the Australian bush. She was one with the Aboriginal Dreamtime.
But unlike me, her skin was the darkest of browns, for she was a full-blood and her mob was the Pitjantjatjara people of the Northern stretches of South Australia. A desert people. Her childhood had been lived in Adelaide where she learnt to be proud of her heritage, but not of her brother’s and sister’s dismal socio-economic conditions. The significantly higher rates of suicide, infant mortality, and imprisonment. The significantly lower rates of high school completion and university enrolment. The significantly reduced life expectancy and employment opportunities. She knew that these inequities are endured by Aboriginal people the country wide and are all issues that demand healing. She also knew there was nothing she could do in the White Man’s bureaucracy to redress these imbalances, and it was a lecture she obsessively harangued other students with whenever she got the chance.
More than that, though, she knew of the ghostly Undead killers, the Mrart, and the Yara-ma-yha-who, that drain blood from their Aboriginal victims like the mining corporations drain the Blackfellas of their land.
But even more than that made her vulnerable to Maria’s advances, for Dorothea had been struggling with significant personal issues in her recent life: she was the kind of damaged goods Maria valued, since the Aboriginal woman was a lost soul who would easily be tempted to the dark side.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER THIRTY FOUR.


Vampire Girl 34. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Blood cannot be washed out with blood.” - Afghan proverb.

Know ye, Good Reader, that the local newspaper was printing alarmist - but largely ignored - headlines of warning due to the recently discovered Corpus delicti of the Police Chief and the numerous lesser citizens (one of which Jemilah had known well from high school but whom had fallen into a disreputable lifestyle involving prostitution). Of course, rumours in this small town were born often and lived typically short lives, their frequency and ferocity signifying nothing less than the vapid evanescence of their progenitor’s imaginations and hence their true worth was zero. Regardless, the town’s broadsheet never once mentioned the word ‘Vampire’. Instead the citizenry of Safi were warned to stay behind locked doors and be wary of strangers from Tangiers, but Jemilah knew it was de Bortoli who was in fact responsible. She was in no doubt as to his true nature. Bloody in nature, tooth and claw, he was an unimaginable peril and she knew she had to dissuade him.
Familiars such as he had several of the personal characteristics of fully-fledged Vampires, such as the smooth skin and intimidating physique, for example. But she couldn’t be 100% certain about the turning of his victims. Still, she and her small band of Slayers had undertaken the gruesome task of staking the corpse of the quondam Chief of Police and stuffing the mouth of his severed head with garlic, as he lay in the cold morgue awaiting burial.
Jemilah knew she had been taking a risk in testing out this rare off-season westerner when she offered him Tajine and bread that day, but the Crucifix around her neck was hidden, and that was when she became suspicious he was no real man, but rather some ‘thing’ that was developing a taste for the piquant bouquet of blood. Her Vampire radar had pinged weakly at first but was now pulsing with such vigour and regularity, building an Undead bomb shelter became an option. But he was no full Vampire yet either: he was being saved for that purpose by a Master, she immediately concluded.
As such, she incorrectly surmised, he could not necessarily curse all his victims with an Undead existence after their mortal death. He could only kill and satisfy his own unfettered bloodlust and thus believed she had time on her side with which she might save him. She watched carefully - although it wasn’t hard since everybody took notice of the big westerner’s comings and goings - because she wanted to find out who his Master was and when it would arrive in Safi. Destroying the Master might just enable de Bortoli to be rescued.
So she checked her munitions store daily: foremost were the honed ash, aspen and hawthorn stakes, their tips hardened by charring, beeked by fire, then sharpened again and then spiritually strengthened even further with a hoop around the base of the stake made from a section of the thigh bone of a suicided human.
Suicides are the poor tormented souls who have, in the eyes of their god, committed the ultimate presumptuous offence - the self-same act of Judas Iscariot, the disciple who betrayed the son of one of we gods - and they are therefore forbidden entry to the Kingdom of Heaven.
Their involuntary service in the dispatch of the servants of the Anti-Christ just might permit a divine clause in that rule to be enacted, however, so Jemilah felt some gladness as she worked slivers of their bones into her weapons. With the self-murderer’s eternal misery in the torment of Limbo, or what the Hebrews call Sheol, foremost in her mind, Jemilah hoped the suffering soul whose leg bones were to contribute to the fight against the Anti-Christ, might forgive the desecration of their unmarked graves, and she whispered a prayer for each as she worked on the stakes.
Surely any propitiation to the Almighty was never too late, even when all that was left of the sinner was a tiny shard of femur?
The new technology of hand-held UV lamps was not yet at her disposal, but at her side lay sheathes of the unassuming herb known as garlic, in its many forms: whole cloves, garlands of flowers and ampoules filled with pure oil of garlic. Such humble vegetation was easily overlooked, but it was fundamental to a Slayer’s arsenal.
Not to mention the Slayer’s equivalent to chemical mace: phials of Holy Water, or, more practically, a one and a half litre plant sprayer filled with the blessed fluid worn like a bulky pistol on the belt holster. For all its low-tech simplicity, such a weapon was not to be under-estimated. Predator perfect, the spray could be directed into the often slack-jawed, open mouthed vampiric victims, writing good - but demon devouring - spells upon the alveoli of Undead lungs. The Holy Water was to be provided by the semi-exiled Good Father of Casablanca who took the bus down every month in mufti to conduct their Catholic ceremonies amongst the tiny congregation in the shadows of St. Catherine’s near-ruined cathedral.
If possible the devout Slayer would wear a cilice - a coarse goats-hair shirt – and also useful to a Vampire hunter is an amulet such as the seal of St. Benedict. But most importantly for any serious Vampire Slayer are Crucifixes: Calvary crosses of all shapes and degrees of decoration. Thus, more powerfully armed than either movie characters Buffy or Blade or those from the yet-to-come Anita Blake novels or Twilight films with their Hollywood ideals of secularism and martial arts high jinks, Jemilah looked forward to the greatest challenge of her young life. She was right to feel confidence in her holy armoury. But surprisingly, the young daughter of a Catholic potter in the ceramics market of Moroccan Safi failed to recognise her greatest strength. Like Our Lady Mary, Jemilah was an untouched virgin. She had never missed a Vampire-slaying lesson and she had never missed a period and she was of the right age to be hearing voices. Her god smiled down with pride at her chaste purity and hardworking devotion to what was right and good in her world, and he happily aided the formation of her dream.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER THIRTY FIVE.



Vampire Aboriginal Guy 35. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Oh, there’s nothing I would rather be,
Than to be an Aborigine,
And watch you take my precious land away from me.

For nothing gives me greater joy,
Than to see you fill each girl and boy,
With superficial existential shit.

Now you may think I’m cheeky, but I’d be satisfied,
To put you on your convict ships and sail you on the next tide.”
- Jimmy Chi’s lyrics from the film Bran Nue Day (dir. Rachel Perkins, 2009).

Not long after she divorced her philandering husband at the age of thirty, Dorothea told Maria (who conveyed the information to me via the Vampire’s psychic equivalent of a conference call), the troubled Aboriginal woman became fond of losing her cares in exercise. Black kinky hair scraped back into a severe bun, she’d don moth-eaten sweats and train like Cathy Freeman or any other dedicated Olympian.
There were weights sessions with forced reps and every set was completed to failure, the lactic acid burning her muscles like fire. Her resting heart rate nearly tripled in aerobic classes for the metabolism of unnecessary body fat. Pilates for flexibility. Yoga for focus and mental acuity.
A tiny red hole showed in the crease of her broad, black nostril where a fashionable stud used to be, now superfluous and a hindrance to the savage, bloody-minded, thrice per week boxing sessions she threw herself into like a female version of Anthony Mundine.
And because it could fit in with any work schedule, she laboured through many kilometres of running. So she was out jogging alone at night, trying to work out the bad memories. Stupidly, perhaps, but Dorothea had always been confident of being able to protect herself. Like a Valkyrie, she’d earned a black belt in judo and trained her upper body with serious iron at least twice a week to the extent she was stronger than most average men.
She looked nothing like the Aboriginal women I remembered from the riverbed in Mt. Isa, all pencil-thin limbs, expansive pot-bellies and drooping dugs. Crawling with flies and caring little for their health or appearance. Nope, she looked fuck-all like a clapped out Boong from the long grass.
Rather, Dorothea looked like a magnificent black princess carved out of ebony.
She was no easy push over, eh. Instead, she was tripped over by a wire strung taut across the jogging slash bicycle path that winds around Canberra’s Lake Burley Griffin. After setting off from the Australian National University campus she passed through the unremarkable residential streets of adjacent Acton, where the pets and children of academics play freely, as safe as if they were living next door to a police station in, say, Wangaratta in the near-mythical, early 1950s.
She ran then along the high concrete wall of Scrivener Dam, which first impeded the Molonglo River’s progress in the 1963, and past the secluded grounds of Government House, until, as she was nearing the leafy suburb of Yarralumla, she was high on endorphins and without a care in the world. But before she knew what was happening she was felled, flat and instantly. Nasal bones smashed in by the attacker’s male fist. Dragged under the cover of a thick row of neatly pruned ornamental bushes. Grimy handkerchief stuffed in her blood-filling mouth. Cries for help cut off, silenced.
The pathetic excuse for what he thought was a real man smirked breathlessly, the contortions of his face emphasising its reptilian nature, and he was assaulting Dorothea, slicing through her lycra shorts with his flick knife, pulling down his King Gee work trousers, entering her sweaty opening, rejoicing in the pain he was inflicting. He felt, in the brief seconds of his violence, that he owned her, that his savagery and chaos were deserved by he, the man, the master.
He’d actually planned the attack well and was using a condom, not for protection from conception but for his protection from detection. Dorothea was not to be the last but his bestial career in crime would inevitably escalate until a lapse in preparation saw him leave behind sufficient DNA evidence to ultimately bring him to justice. Ten years hard labour was the well-deserved sentence and it was the place of natural justice where his own soft rectum was unceremoniously ripped open in a jailhouse expression of male ownership.
It only took a few thrusts before the creep disappeared in exactly the same way nightmares don’t, leaving the unfortunate Dorothea bleeding and shocked in the heavily treed and otherwise picturesque bike-path around the National Capital’s shining jewel of man-made scenery, where such acts of barbarity are entirely unforeseen by landscape artists and city planners. Fragrant scents from the banks of pink blooms mixed with the sickly, sweet smell of her own blood and the rank, bitter tang of her assailant’s crime. What a scumbag, low-life, complete and utter waste of space he was. The weakest of dogs, the shabbiest of crooks, the scabbiest of filth, the vilest of suburban vipers, if I ever had the chance I would certainly enjoy despatching his sorry arse to Limbo.
Glimpses of other injustices sang mournfully from the Australian landscape that never forgets crimes as unspeakable as this - for as clumsy as it can be at times, the good, stable Earth remembers all - but Dorothea was sobbing uncontrollably, too shocked to move, too insulted to scream, too hurt to listen to her Country trying to sing to her, trying to soothe her. Twenty five minutes later another jogger heard her low choking moans, found her dazed, semi-conscious form and called the ambulance on his mobile phone.
Although she remained convinced otherwise, the brutal offence she had suffered had nothing to do with her Aboriginality. Any woman at that time and place might have fallen victim to that stinking, craven animal waiting in the shadows to rape and belittle a woman. A wry grimace beset her face, and refused to budge, her mouth twisted forever by the bitter taste of betrayal, the betrayal of coarse male humanity. But sympathy aside, her pain, mental anguish and her subsequent lack of Catholic faith made her a person of particular interest to the observant, hovering Maria.
Since that terrible event Dorothea received several intense sessions of counselling courtesy of the government health department but her love for the male participants in the joke they call humanity was now well and truly extinguished. The police were ineffectual, hence, like a veritable Amazon, Dorothea threw herself back into any and every physical activity, be it work or pleasure, with a seething sense of hatred for all men and a belief that somehow she must exact revenge. She arrayed herself in mercurochrome purple and scarlet, recalling the sartorial splendour of Babylon’s famous whore, and snarled like a rabid bobcat, spitting defiance whenever a man approached her.
Though she soon deduced, not long after meeting Maria, that it was all misplaced effort and that there were better ways to hurt mankind.
Dorothea eventually and a little reluctantly returned to her postgraduate studies in botany at the Australian National University - why suffer financially? She’d lose her Indigenous scholarship if she didn’t keep the numbers crunching - and Maria instantly picked up on her wounded psyche and the potential for herself to play a part in Dorothea’s recovery.
Over a dusk-time injection of strong black coffee, she tentatively asked Dorothea to help with her covert research into genetically modified herbs and vegetables. Now, Dorothea had always been a cautious woman but the combination of her divorce and the cowardly rape had hardened her. Life was now an unpredictable gamble and she was determined to be unfazed by anything the sleazier half of the human race might throw at her. And Maria was not of that gender and perhaps that was enough.
Dorothea had decided to become a survivor and nothing would ever make her acquiesce to victim status again. She was now as reckless as any front-line soldier who knew he or she faced possible death with the dawning of every new day. She soon came to know that Maria was an academic loose cannon, despite never noticing Maria around the university labs before. A renegade researcher whose work was deemed insignificant by all staff but her supervisor, the distinguished old Professor Bowen, who also happened to be the Head of the School.
She didn’t know that Bowen was all of one hundred and ninety years old, Maria joked to me. So, yes, she would do what she could to help my Master isolate the odour-producing gene of Allium sativum, an herb otherwise identified as common garlic. A potent antibiotic and antiseptic known to the pagan witches and druids of innumerable centuries past, Maria was loath to actually touch the stuff of white cloves, and so enlisted Dorothea for the manual work with the promise of co-authorship in her forthcoming academic article submission for the A-listed journal Natural. In return, Maria supported the damaged girl as a sister might, but her motives in the end were far less than sisterly. And so Dorothea was eventually introduced to me as Maria’s research assistant, a dusky-skinned Igor to Maria’s pale-white Frankenstein.
But why did Maria want another strong Aboriginal person around, anyway? Was this jealousy that was raising its ugly countenance? No, of course not, Maria was no lesbian. I think. She’s more asexual, I’d say. Otherwise she’d have gone for the irresistible Jemilah, eh?

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER THIRTY SIX.



Alpha Vampire Girl. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“He who does not travel does not know the value of men.” - Moorish proverb.

Dorothea suddenly felt a vibration of doubt over this honeymoon with her new bride, Satan. She desperately needed advice.
What could she do? Who could she turn to? High over the Indian Ocean, Dorothea had no idea who to ask.
Yes, she did. The stewardess, she would help. Another whiskey and soda, thanks kindly, sister. In alcohol there lay help.
Miniaturisation, down to the measure of a bacterial smear colonised on a Petri dish lined with agar, was the subterfuge the fervent and slightly intoxicated Dorothea used to fool Morocco’s customs. Her Master’s body was shrunken beyond visibility to the human eye, ‘asleep’ in a hermetically sealed polystyrene foam ice-box labelled “Contagious Material” and accompanied by a forged letter of verification from the Australian National University.
Dorothea was like a mule carrying contraband for an international drug smuggling operation.
And thus the Queen Vampire: Maria the long Undead, had successfully entered North Africa and was treated with the utmost decorum by the operators of the Customs X-ray machines who espied only glass dishes in an airtight medical supplies box and its requisite documentation. Forgery of the university’s papers had yielded approval surprisingly easily. But only because Maria had been busy in the collegiate halls of residences at night, wielding her hypnotic charm and producing gets in places of influence.
At the customs barrier, Dorothea unnecessarily explained the box contained spores for hybrid garlic and toadstool cultivation to the bored officials whose English skills did not permit the comprehension of words like ‘hybrid’ or ‘cultivation’ or ‘revenant’.
As night fell Dorothea felt the rented truck she was driving from Casablanca to Safi shudder as the Vampire in the back summoned her considerable powers, heaved off the lid from her Petri dish and miraculously resumed normal dimensions: an act of transubstantiation to rival Jesus’ blood into wine trick.
Now, Dorothea had been a breathing woman of thirty two years of age. Human age. As a newborn Vampire she would apparently never age beyond thirty two. Her breasts would sag no more and her mental capacities would stay alert throughout the millennia. And having looked after herself for most of those thirty two years, she was to remain an imposing specimen of Aboriginal womanhood.
And having turned so close together chronologically, Dorothea and de Bortoli were destined to grow into their long Undead futures at the same pace. Maria was so incomprehensibly old, so timeless and therefore, of course, so wise and all-knowing, they could never seriously hope to be her equal. But Dorothea and de Bortoli were of the same race and same era. A testy bond would between them grow, whilst neither lessened their allegiance to Maria.
So Dorothea was on her way to Safi, where she would finally meet de Bortoli, whom she had heard so many good things about, although the prospect was not as exciting to her as the chance to be with Maria again. 
Two beautiful women at his side! Things were advancing at an impressive pace for de Bortoli, but with his night time wanderings now rampant, which like the blackouts of a hapless alcoholic came back in mere flashes of short sober remembrance, there were occasional moments of sad guilt.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER THIRTY SEVEN.



Vampire Girl 37. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“There is but one truly serious philosophical problem and that is suicide.” - Albert Camus.

With my night time wanderings now rampant, which, like the blackouts of a hapless alcoholic come back in mere flashes of short sober remembrance, there also come occasional moments of sad guilt. Did I feel guilt over the gift of eternal life I had bestowed on Dorothea? No, of course not: she was overjoyed by it all.
But there were the victims from Morocco, some of whom had faces or even names that I recalled … 
The gormless pommy bastard, Pete, in the Casablanca Youth Hostel, no longer destined to die a British Infantryman.
The poor Arabian girl in the back row of the Safi cinema whose face I could hardly even recall, having never even seen it in the natural light of the moon, just the luminosity of Hollywood’s celluloid dreams.
The masseuse with the perfect remedy to sore muscles and the perfect rack of breasts.
The down and out, acne-faced Arabian hooker in the seedy part of Safi who had skilfully wanked me in the cemetery without removing a stitch of her own clothing and spent the rest of Eternity holding her prone-to-loll head in place, after I’d unceremoniously ripped it off.
The munificent Berber boy who had so generously offered me hashish in a long wooden pipe with his friends on the outskirts of town, only to be rewarded with an eternity in Limbo, a level of altered consciousness none of his hash-head friends would envy.
The sardonic Chiefs of Police with their mocking, smarmy attitudes. Their oil-slickened hair. Their official uniforms. Their less-than official practices. 
The sorry prostitute in the Casablanca Hilton Hotel basement disco who just wanted to take me home, order takeout and watch the hooker’s New Testament, that is, Julia Roberts and Richard Gere in Pretty Woman. Its divine message of call-girl salvation and redemption would never come alive for her.
So many victims, although the circumstances were usually sketchy - but they were mostly undeserving victims, and again the eyes of Jemilah flashed for a moment before me.
Bodies disposed of by means since forgotten: stuffed into culverts, thrown over cliffs, abandoned in alleyways, hidden under tables, sunken with weights in dams, dropped down mineshafts, pushed from balconies, embalmed in concrete or just left where they fell. All were possible for memory always stalled at the climax of blood. But in the end, despite Jemilah’s eyes, I know there is only one thing to remember, and that is my love for Maria. She, who is psychically directing me. Moving me through a subconscious force. Waking me in the night and instructing me to go out prowling, hunting, foraging and sucking the blood of non-Catholics. Just like hunting feral pigs back home on my old man’s farm, if you think about it, eh.
With Dad at the wheel, I’d be hanging onto the rear tray of the battered Nissan 4WD ute for dear life as Des shone a spotlight into the glowing eyes of the property’s feral nightlife, rustled from the scrub by our vicious pack of pig dogs and into the open where he and I could mercilessly fire a volley of heavy lead pellets from Dad’s hair-triggered double-barrelled shotguns into and through their very hearts and lungs.
We’d gut them soon after and choose which corpses had meat tender enough to retain for our spit BBQ or for smoking for later consumption or, if too old or too wormy, simply put aside un-skun for  dog-food.
But now, Gentle Reader, I was not alone at the trigger and I was no longer my own boss. And yet nothing told me it was only going to get worse, not better. Not ever better. I was an unadulterated tool of pure malevolence, caring for naught but Maria, myself and my growingly perverse and insatiable taste for human blood, and that knowledge would have to be enough.
“Would Morocco end up being my unwelcome graveyard home?” I never-the-less wondered. “Was this my destiny?  Can the process be stopped, even if I wanted it to?” I recalled a stained glass window in a suburban church in Melbourne which featured a depiction of the Blessed Virgin but Maria intercepted the thought with derision and the vision was gone almost as fast as it had come. I was beginning to know - without actually knowing - that Maria was much more than the tempting, lithe university student she had originally seduced me as ... She was something far more important and sinister … She was my new Queen. And I was beginning to know that not only would Maria make both my life and death wonderful, but that her absence would make it unbearable. It’s really quite amazing that I’ve progressed to be a PhD student, considering how slowly I learn stuff.
And there was many a positive side to my second-in-charge ranking, Maria quickly convinced me, so I made ready to watch my gods bleed.
Meanwhile, a thin Moroccan man walked scornfully back and forth in front of the castle in Safi, a sandwich board slung across his bony shoulders. Of course, I couldn’t read the Arabic words printed upon it, but my faithful minions could, and thus the doomsayer was taken within hours. The sign across his front had said something like: “Repent, for the bloodsuckers are here.” Behind him the sandwich board advised: “If you’re still reading this, then too bad. You’re already lost.”
Suicide or martyrdom? Only his once living head knew which, and that head no longer functioned as a mortal.
Easy come, easy go, unna.
But what if he were one of Jemilah’s loving relatives?

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER THIRTY EIGHT.


Alpha Vampire Girl. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“In both reality and fiction he, she or it is a shape-shifter who can take on the form of society’s fears at any time.” - Theresa Cheung in The Element Encyclopaedia of Vampires: An A to Z of the Undead, London: Harper Collins, 2009: xvii.

De Bortoli was so well-informed, Dorothea could hardly believe he was a postgrad student in the creative media arts and not of the rather more dignified science of botany. She soon looked upon de Bortoli as a brother of sorts, and a singular exception to the All Men Are Bastards rule. His listening skills and ready advice were near perfect. Indeed, she actually suspected the handsome University of Melbourne student was gay as he had yet to let a sexist, misogynistic or homophobic remark pass his full, red lips. At any rate, he didn’t seem at all attracted to her and that was just fine as far as she was concerned.
And so she thought there was nothing to fear when she dressed for a late-night dinner with both de Bortoli and Maria in one of Safi’s most exclusive seafood restaurants.
De Bortoli exercised all his expert skills in the seductive arts on research assistant Dorothea - after surreptitiously slipping a triple dose of the stupefying drug Mogadon into her post main-course unwooded Chardonnay, that is.  The wine was French and, as contraband, rather expensive but it served his purpose well. Her eyes soon became moist, long and heavy-lidded as the notorious date-rape intoxicant took effect, and the glass of doped drink fell from her grasp, not breaking but rolling away like her heretofore life was about to.
A few minutes later and he had brought her near comatose body into the dark space behind the restaurant dumpster, which, like a cliché, stank of urine and various rotting vegetables. First he drained her bodily fluids to within a litre of her life, then, as a black lustration, he rested her ‘in state’ on unsanctified ground - that cursed soil dug from a suicide’s crossroads grave and laid two centimetres deep in the boot of an abandoned car around the corner from Chateau de Mer. In the final act of the macabre liturgy, he carefully dripped his own body fluids from a fingertip prick into her gaping, near-dead mouth; transfusing her with the power of the damned, compelling her to become his very first, fully turned Mistress of the Night. Here in Safi, his Inaugural Instant Get.
The old de Bortoli would have perhaps angled for sex, like a teenager panting for his first cherry to pop - even whilst she was unconscious - but the newly promoted lieutenant to the Anti-Christ no longer bothered with such carnal interests. What was the point, when the pleasure of blood far outweighed any sexual ecstasy?
From that moment on Dorothea became an integral part of the malignant uprising in Morocco, and de Bortoli knew she was something now far more valuable than a research assistant.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER THIRTY NINE.



Vampire Guy 39. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.” - Winston Churchill.

Dorothea, my first get, was satisfyingly quick to turn in her entirety: both body and soul were keen to change. Not since her childhood had she known an honourable peace and she was hungry for a different world, an alternative universe, a substitute to the second rate life that Australian society wanted to restrict Aboriginal women such as she to. But for me, to have one’s victim fully turn from a single bite - the mark of an accomplished Vampire - this was a new badge of honour, and I felt a glow, not of an alcohol induced euphoria, but of an occupational pride, a swelling sense of accomplishment at my diabolical achievement. Maria, of course, had the ability to significantly hasten the complete turning of any newbie, when she thought it desirable or useful to our cause, or, as in some cases, when she was simply bored, for human beings were like playthings to her.
Thus, she had accelerated Dorothea’s turning by carefully instructing me - as her boyfriend slash protégé - on the correct means of laying out the body and completing the exchange of blood from established Vampire to not-quite-yet Vampire. Of course, even the smallest of bites from her, such as that she had honoured me with prior to sending me on this existential errand to Morocco, could set in motion certain symptoms and cravings, as per my initial experience in Casablanca.
But it took a serious swig from the jugular - one requiring the subsequent internment of the flat-lining corpse on unhallowed earth - before a new recruit could be converted into a fully fledged revenant: one that would eventually develop unholy supernatural powers of its own. Skills such as shape shifting, for example, from human form to that of some creature of the night such as a bat, moth or wolf, or, less easily attained, the ability to dissolve one’s concrete body into invisible gas. Then there is the equally difficult trick of miniaturisation, which Maria had so productively used - with the invaluable help of Dorothea - to get past Morocco’s customs officers and onto the Crucifix-free hunting grounds of North-west Africa. And so, we three were ready to make history.
***
I was beginning to appreciate the inappropriateness of the overly familiar name ‘Maria’ as I walked, respectfully, in her royal wake. “My Lord” were now the preferred words with which to address my former girlfriend. Having seen, with my own eyes, her transform shape into the giant form of the mantled Lord of the Undead, I felt some confusion but ultimately knew that this was the way to face the centuries to come.
I no longer considered myself in any way superior to Maria, as I had previously, by virtue of my paltry academic qualifications and publications. I still loved the former Maria, the erstwhile Count Dracula (and who knows how many other identities the Prince of Darkness has before assumed), but now it was with a sense of reverence and honour. Resuming the feminine form I had first come to know in Canberra, Maria explained how, as Count Dracula, she had survived the assault just over a century ago by the Vampire hunters Jonathan Harker and Quincy Morris.
To dispatch any Vampire, especially one as powerful as Count Dracula, she explained, a Catholic attacker had to be armed with at least a Crucifix and Holy Water. Only then would the religious authority of the stake be sufficiently enriched to cause a mortal wound on a dominant Vampire such as she. And most importantly, the attack must be carried out by someone who fervently believed in the authority of such weapons.
The icon of the church was to be feared, because, if wielded by a true-believer, it rendered the followers of its opponents, the Anti-Christ, pathetically weak, while Holy Water could burn as much as fire. But Harker and Morris had ignored the old Dutchman Van Helsing’s advice and had armed themselves with mere kukri and bowie knives when they chased down the Count just metres from the sanctuary of his Transylvanian castle.
It had been a relatively simple matter for Dracula to shift form from human-like molecules joined as one biological mass to almost invisible and highly separated molecules of gas.
Dracula was a consummate Loup-garou, as the French would say, despite the general misunderstanding that the term only refers to shape-changing werewolves. The stupid humans, lined up like sheep’s heads in a butcher’s glass window display, had been easily tricked and after their eventual deaths, many years later, he had risen and returned to London.
From London, Dracula travelled to the burgeoning settlement of Melbourne, then to the Victorian goldfields where she nourished herself via the numerous atheistic fortune seekers who had travelled far from their Chinese homelands. But the yellow-skins were wary, too wary, and they kept the villainy at bay with garlic and wolfsbane (Aconitum napellus).
But then Dracula had discovered the tribes of native Australians. He slash She slash It had decided to add to the White Man’s devastation of our native populations and later smiled sarcastically when, in 2008, the Prime Minister of this politically correct young nation, Mr. Kevin Rudd, reflecting on those responsible for the reprehensible government condoned massacres of Indigenous peoples, the Stolen Generations and the introduced diseases and alcoholism that racked their cultures, and behalf of all the governments past and present finally said ‘sorry’.
No self-respecting Vampire ever apologised.
Unfortunately it was still light, and the scathing molten rays threatened to shrivel the uncovered skin of a Vampire (regardless of whether or not it had Aboriginal pigmentation), bringing on instant thirst and an anti-peristaltic surge of bile to where the oesophagus and trachea connect in the back of a bloodsucka’s mouth, so we three retired to the Hotel Majestic and drew the heavy chintz curtains with relief. Thus we safely shut out the daylight world and its walking, breathing, human food sources.
The sky had been like a white-hot lid jittering atop a simmering saucepan all that day and the city beneath it was hazed with yellow dust. A small wispy edged cloud hung breathlessly in the foetid air, as a darker twin stalked it across the ground until, in the sweltering heat, it too seemed to give up the ghost and evaporate, so it was a necessity, we reminded ourselves, that we shelter from the excessive temperature and wait, as a single low wattage bulb worked the room dully, until the refreshing cool of dusk arrived.
Then, as the gulls wheeled overhead, noisily foretelling the onset of night, we crept gingerly outside and made our way to the Chateau de Mer.
In the deepening shades of twilight, I showed off the castle to My Dark Lord and Dorothea with pride and told them the Arabian name for the imposing monument: Qasr el Bahr, although I had to admit to them it may have actually been the Berber language I was mangling as apparently it is that parlance around 75% of Moroccans speak.
My Dark Lord was satisfied with my real estate prospecting and I felt overwhelming elation at my success. Talk about éclat! My coloured heart ballooned with delight, eh.
It was then that I learnt of my next assignment. My power hadn’t been very impressive the first time in Safi so we had to begin another recruitment drive as soon as possible, and I was to co-ordinate it. The Lord could make a get in seconds, such was her power and as night fell we went straight for the home of the Mayor of Safi.
And thus, the whole mayoral family: patriarch, wife and four children, were soon on the side of we Vampires and any legal challenge to our proposed reign of colonisation was suddenly quite unlikely to succeed. It would soon be the night to celebrate, Vampire-style and oh, what a night it would be as we ushered in the New Night, the New Reality, the New World … 

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER FORTY.


Alpha Vampire Girl. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Lightning flashed, thunder roared, and the air filled with inhuman sounds.” - From Johann Wolfgang von Goethe’s Faust.

Acting very much in disobedience of her usual precepts and protocols for behaviour, Jemilah concocted an out-and-out lie of a story to get the water tanker into the centre of the medina early that morning, for she knew she had prayed all she could for de Bortoli and it was time for action.
And thus she lied to her gullible parents about her plans for that day. She regretted the duplicity, but it was only at such a time a Vampire hunter might reasonably hope their Undead prey was sluggish, its stomach being replete with a victim’s blood from the previous night’s activity.
Furthermore, she risked blisters on her pretty, henna patterned hands as she laboriously snaked the thick, still flat, canvas hose through the main iron-bound doors of the medina’s arts and crafts museum and down the drain’s central entrance channel (never accessed due to the ornate steel grill protecting children, inattentive head-phone wearing teens and stray sleepwalkers from falling down the vertical shaft).
The Portuguese Catholics, in stupid ignorance of the aridity of the Moroccan desert, had built the system in anticipation of floods that rarely came, and they wound all the way to deep within the bowels of Chateau de Mer. The tunnels were surprisingly free of vermin - the supply of discarded sardines (such a world-famous product of Safi) was so plentiful on the roads of the town above, especially near fish restaurants or the docks where the sardines were unloaded - that pests never ventured to these barren territories. Underground in the dry tunnels beneath the medina were near-useless hunting grounds for normal predators. Nevertheless there were a few patches of moisture rising from the groundwater below and near where the sewage troughs from the Eastern side of the medina finally trickled to a standstill.
And there, embedded between the 16th Century brickwork, was ancient stone mottled with damp moss. There, too, dwelt the occasional tiny North African Fire Salamander, surviving on the few land insects that lost their footing high up on the dry ceilings of the huge drains and fell, legs flailing, to within grasp of the amphibian’s tongue. But the salamander’s life was a precarious existence, in this, a country on the very edge of the Sahara, and they had welcomed the Undead and the moisture the servants of the Anti-Christ brought with them.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER FORTY ONE.



Vampire Girl 41. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“My revenge has just begun. I spread it over centuries and time is on my side.” - The unstoppable Count in Bram Stoker’s Dracula (1897).

The air of the place was thick with the slow drift of time. Rank and quite difficult to breathe, it was almost green in its palpable mustiness. Stone bricks the width and breadth of Volkswagens were set into the solid bedrock of the cliff, serving as immovable foundations for the castle that towered above. 
Maria wanted in. She needed to establish the nerve centre for our mission of vampiric domination of Muslim Safi, but she had to wait to be invited by locals before she could set a cloven foot in that once-Catholic stronghold. She, who was the Anti-Christ, had expected her less talented gets and familiars to swim under the edge of the castle bluff through the churning Atlantic swell but few had been able to locate the ancient grated entrance to the drain well down there below the low tide mark, let alone manage to wrestle it open. Some gets seemed to lose intelligence quite considerably upon turning, she commented to me, with a wry twinge of disappointment.
The two persistent gets that had finally discovered the drain outlet under the castle’s rim were unceremoniously dashed upon the rocks - their injuries recovering with vampiric speed, of course - but each bemoaned the impossibility of removing the cast iron obstacle. Eventually she entrusted her Right Hand Man, that is to say, me, with the gargantuan task of forcing the rusted grill free from where it was firmly set in the brickwork of the castle’s outer walls. I don’t know why she didn’t just ask me first …
Plunging through the green sea-dusk, slipping past the savage-eyed scaly protectors of a sunken Portuguese galleon, I swam hard against the current while the sea waved random flags of kelp at me. Psychically, Maria guided me past the hammerhead sharks and razor-teethed moray eels that inhabited the coral outcrops around the base of the castle, but there was no real need to. The marine animals sensed the supremacy of the intruder and either hid or rapidly fled from me - the boy slash man with the demonic strength - as I proudly swum amongst them. Needless, to say, my middle aging had not only halted but had been reversed: the condition of my physique was of the best standard I had ever enjoyed in life. For I was now the most powerful Vampire in the world - after Maria herself - and no longer needed to actually breathe air to survive underwater. Breathing oxygen became unnecessary entirely if I had been recently fed with fresh, oxygenated human blood. And I fed often. I was a striking specimen of this alternative species of Homo sapiens indeed.
The hidden underwater tunnel was soon exposed and made into a high traffic thoroughfare, thanks to my formidable strength, and I realised I would never again need to inject steroids to be impressive. I had overcome the swirling rips and eddies of the Atlantic Ocean that was slamming itself against the coast of Morocco with consummate ease. The weight-training feats that had once occupied so much of my free time in my youth, plus the added strength of my new-found religious alignment, had then made short work of wrestling loose the grill separating the underground halls from the cold, dark sea.
I recalled a win decades before in a local bench press competition and the kudos that success had earned me, and thought that that was nothing compared with the satisfaction I felt at answering my Queen’s challenge.
And so I was able to snake a long orange plastic rope of twine from a small buoy bobbing almost invisibly around a hundred metres from the sheer cliff that represented the seaward base of the fortress, until the frayed end I held looped around the rippling abdominals of my waist could be dragged through the hidden tunnel and past the algae-smooth boulders and tied fast to an ancient iron hook set in the high, dry bedrock.
It had been an impossible entry for the 16th Century defending Moors to negotiate: many, having been virtually landlocked their whole lives, had never even learnt to swim. But now the Safi gets and the flourishing number of Maria’s minions could follow the orange cord and eventually drag themselves up, drenched but safe, into the dark subterranean cavern deep within the lower reaches of the Chateau de Mer, up to the very throne of its new Chatelaine.
Nevertheless, some of the freshest recruits, stupid still with the change in their lively circumstances, found themselves entangled in a loose loop of rope, and the hugely unintelligent monsters wondered why, after almost an hour trapped metres beneath the foaming surf, they were still alive and undrowned. But the local sharks soon learnt to chew off their heads and maul their black hearts out, thus delivering those less worthy gets unto the dreadful Limbo - halfway between Hell and Earth - where they were left for all time, understanding finally their perpetually Undead status.
No-one shed a vampiric tear for these watery victims. There were plenty more foot soldiers where they came from to help build the coming Vampire’s reign over North Africa.
My mortal love had evolved into immortal loyalty for my Master, and yet I could tell that remnants of romance lingered for me within Maria’s big heart - she surely had unique feelings for an individual such as me. For I was the most prestigious of all her gets: a Catholic convert. I had once held true faith in the Virgin Mary and as such my conquest meant more than that of any heathen Saracen.
And I knew that Maria, or whatever it was she cared to call herself today, now valued me above any other. And though I wert drinking from the cup of her sorceries, I drank deep and drank divinely.
Sixty two tins of kerosene for lighting the cressets; thirty zip-locked plastic bags containing staves and long-wicked lamps; six hundred and twenty litres of pure medical grade human blood (types A positive and O); fifty six cases of Finlandish vodka (not easy to find in Muslim Safi!); ten cartons of crystal champagne flutes; musical instruments including a drum kit, two electric guitars, microphones, amplifiers and a sophisticated keyboard; a generator with enough gasoline to power the lot for a week; and the Mistress’ own gigantic (dismantled) throne - all thoroughly waterproofed with vacuum-sealed plastic over oil-cloth - were carefully ferried one by one from a storage shed in the curdled deep of night to the unlit beach and then across to the buoy and finally underwater along the orange lead to the subterranean entrance in the catacombs beneath Chateau de Mer.
Ever reliable, I swam underground again and again into the concealed vault, but my labour barely tired me at all. Once, when clambering six metres up the walls of the cavern to install the party lighting, I lost my footing and started to fall. But I dropped slowly, no longer a slave to gravity’s idiot control, as still juvenile wings enabled me to glide down to earth. I realised then that we had a doubly good reason to rejoice. For finally, tonight was to be a night worth celebrating by we devotees of the Anti-Christ: it was a Sunday, but for us it would be a Black Sabbath. And I would be celebrating my wonderful new wings!
To many of the new gets, of course, all the revelry really meant was a chance to celebrate our growing numbers in a riotous party where not a single Catholic would ever think to find us. And these newer gets, not yet having outgrown the carnal desires of the living, would rejoice with naked cavorting.
Unabashed, they licked and entered each other’s orifices, only occasionally distracting themselves from their corporeal ways to sup on the sweet cocktails, each made with a generous serve of blood mixed with a jig of vodka and a splash of tomato juice. A truly Bloody Mary.
Recruited only weeks before, a young nurse had co-ordinated the high-jacking of a sizable blood delivery en route from Marrakech to the Safi hospital, and the shindig was thus primed and ready to roll.
That week the magical integer of 666 new Vampires residing in Safi had been reached - and since then exceeded - and plans were afoot to send troops to neighbouring Moroccan provinces to sow the seeds for new colonies. Safi was perfectly located for a campaign of domination of both South Western Europe and North Western Africa, being the geographical midpoint between the two continents, separated by only a narrow stretch of the ghostly blue washed Atlantic.
There was a young naked girl, drugged but as yet untasted, being paraded around the cavern. She was to be sacrificed later that evening, when the bacchanalia reached its climax, and when devotion to the Anti-Christ demanded its evidence.
One Safi get, having been denied the sight of bare-naked breasts all his Muslim breathing life, grasped one of the wench’s pert nubs from behind but was quickly pulled off the doomed servant by a pair of relatively senior Safi gets.
“Later,” they hissed.
Just under seven hundred Vampires and nearly-Vampires had been lovingly nurtured and harvested like stolen kisses. They were all under Maria’s thrall as they sipped their drinks, smoked long pipes of hashish in the shadows or shimmied on the uneven granite dance floor to the sounds of the four piece band of authentic rock demons.
Some were copulating in their loveless way, with the extra blood from their drinks slowly engorging the genitalia that an Undead might usually expect to be disappointingly flaccid and dull.
Another male revenant, fresh from the turning, had an unusually deviant and black thought on his mind. Undeterred by the example of the previous attempt, he had become intent on raping the still human woman, thus producing Safi’s first Dhampire: the offspring of a male Vampire and a mortal woman. But that challenging miscegenation would mean keeping the girl alive and healthy for nine months until she came to term, he slowly realised. Nine months of providing her with sardines, bread and fruit and nine months of hiding her from his hungry peers and nine months without biting her again himself. His erection drooped as he realised the enormity of such a task and he let his desire abate. He took a lungful of hashish smoke and another haematic draught from his glass and, forgetting the idea, began to doze, dropping once again into a blissful stupor in the now ankle-deep filth and bodily discharge produced by this partying horde of hygienically challenged Vampires.
A new race of humans, Homo moroccus vampirus, was forming and it would soon displace Homo sapiens entirely in the African continent.
And I had almost single-handedly made the whole event possible, although it was Maria who had made all the decisions and given all the directions. This was how the world would have been had Christ not won that initial struggle some 2008 years ago, she explained.
Of course, looking down over the bestial blowout was the most giant form of Maria, now showing one of her more authentic Satanic appearances. She had given up the pretty goth girl façade from Canberra. I, who was thoroughly enjoying the task of living up to my Aboriginal ideal, the outback Vampire Mrart, and Dorothea, who was still feeling her way in her Undead existence, completed the deathly triumvirate.
A segmented worm wriggled free from Maria’s left nostril and dropped to the floor where it crawled away, franticly, for almost a metre before being greedily lapped up by a nearby servant. Parasites succoured from the Undead Lord are particularly nutritious to an aspiring devil. The North African Fire Salamanders, which are a threatened species, retreated deeper into their damp, slippery crevices and were glad they had no role to play in the human-made vagary before them.
Matted hair hung in rat-tails from the Anti-Christ’s caprian body as smoke from the flaring cressets peeled strips of time from the cavern walls. Two of Maria’s female gets were pleasuring her anally with their erect, searching tongues, especially forked for the unctuous duty. Each get, caked in grime, took their turn in flicking the wart-encrusted anus of their lord, keeping it moist with their eager, blood-tinged saliva.
In Maria’s ecstasy, a gout of the blood she was consuming drooled from her cleft mouth and spread across her naked chest to where it pooled in the crease between her teats and her bloated round belly. But at this stage the Anti-Christ cared not for appearances. She had asked and the world had given its answer.
Carefully, lest she aggravate her respected Lord Lucifer, one of the less subordinate gets scooped the congealing mess from Maria’s front and greedily stuffed the foaming red liquid into her mouth before resuming her duty through the yawning hole in the base of the Anti-Christ’s throne, ignoring Maria’s vestigial penis clotted as it was with pus-filled scabs.
When the musicians ended their death rock set, Maria-who-was-Dracula noisily snorted to attention, kicking away her peons with a hairy hoof and raising her naked form fully upright to address the milling throng of Vampires and nearly-Vampires before her. Like a ruthless, cold statue hewn from solid black marble coming to life, she expanded to fill the entire proscenium arch. Her speech was unscripted, a cry from the very edge of nature, but the audience was entirely uncritical as she announced in a penetrating voice of rooster-crowing volume and altitude:
“My friends and servants alike, I have to begin by saying”, she began by saying, “We are now on the eve of an historic revolution.”
As she fully expected it to the crowd erupted into loud applause and enthusiastic clapping, and the band members put down their instruments in anticipation. She then launched into her speech proper:
"Our numbers have grown to sufficiency and I expect each and every one of you to add even further to our ranks. For it is here, in our Garden of Eden that is Muslim Safi, that we shall boldly assemble the New World Order. Eventually we will make our way South, into the Congo and the darkest reaches of Africa, where the uneducated natives call us Wazimamoto, but will blame the work of our kind on innocent firemen and game wardens! Such is the legacy of white British colonisation. Our colony will learn from their prescient example and we will thrive and conquer this land! This continent Africa, the cradle of humanity, will be the wet-nurse to the successor to Homo sapiens. Two thousand years ago the son of a carpenter from Galilee won favour from his God, but now is the time to reverse the false direction championed by that sycophant, for we are the master race and we were born to rule. From this night forth, we are the gods, and we have teeth aplenty! Celebrate with me tonight, for the mighty age of the Vampire has begun!"
Dorothea, me and the rest of the Safi gets, with our glowing, cavernous eyes, put aside the lead crystal flutes and gave the standing ovation that was deserved. In our passion many slopped the vodka mixed with hot, satisfying blood, but few noticed in that climate of plenty. The excitement was all and we clapped our gore-covered hands and cheered until hoarse.
Time passed like cooling treacle in this reverie of wanton, blood-soaked bliss. Seconds pooled and merged with minutes, which themselves grew to hours, since time has no real meaning for we deathless creatures.
Was there ever to be such a thing as time for we immortals in this, what we confidently believed, was the thrilling dawn of a New World Order? We Undead have little need for calendars and our patience is the stuff of legend, hence an answer to that question was not readily apparent.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER FORTY TWO.



Alpha Vampire Girl (Dancing on the Ceiling). Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“An army of sheep led by a lion would defeat an army of lions led by a sheep.” - Anonymous Arabian Proverb.

Lit faintly from each side, the flickering kerosene fuelled torches that lined the rough-hewn walls of the sub-terrestrial grotto threw forth long, changing shadows about the stonework, as above, innumerable kilometres into space, the silvery crescent of the pock-marked moon shone on, oblivious to the orgy so far below. Unnoticed also, to the Undead revelry beneath the castle, were Maria’s previous Aboriginal conquests, now manifesting themselves as homeless Min-Min lights, innumerable kilometres eastward in the great solitary Outback of Australia, where they hovered hungry and frustrated, saddened by their woebegone circumstances. These strange environments were all united in at least one relevant aspect: they were untainted by the presence of a Crucifix.
The trio of Jemilah, Fatima and Elijah had sat together like a twelve step group for the existentially morose. Yet another round of staring and searching amongst their bellybuttons for lint-based clues. Finally a course of action was agreed upon. Like a giant aspergillum, a sixteen-wheeled tanker filled with thousands of litres of Holy Water would provide a torrent of anti-vampiric medicine to flush deep into the midst of the revenant’s den. Secrecy was still of the utmost importance because gets could be anywhere, serving as double-crossing  spies, now that the vermin offspring of the Anti-Christ - or the female persona He slash She slash It was now presenting itself as -  were firmly entrenched in the town. The Catholic Bishop of Casablanca duly advised Jemilah that he had blessed the water in the tanker as requested and mixed it with a vial from his personal stock of water extra-Holy, having been syringed from the surface of the Uncture Stone in Jerusalem and brought back to Morocco by the novice monk Matthew.
Their ecclesiastical mission was now clear and, they sincerely believed, attainable. The time of the Great Reparation was upon them. They would flood the den of Vampires with a tsunami of Holy Water, and then enter armed with wooden stakes nearly a metre long and Crucifixes aplenty, to effectively remove all the Undead from Morocco’s fair shores.
Jemilah took herself mentally through the proposed situation: ‘The challenge is getting my girlfriend Fatima (plump but still agile), Elijah (my apparently slow-witted but actually sharp as a sewing needle brother [he’s such a great actor]) and my own self onto the dry floor of the huge tunnel under the medina, where, God willing, it will still lead to the Chateau de Mer’s underground cistern, the only place in town where we can conceivably imagine a Vampire’s nest hiding. If the legends are correct and a dry, vacant space actually does exist there then that is where the devil’s spawn will be found.’
Pumped and primed for the fight, Jemilah roused her compatriots with what was nothing less than a battle cry: “Now is the time! It is our only chance. It is Safi’s only chance!”
But they little realised the high status of their foe and how de Bortoli, who had grown beyond all expectation, had transformed his lust-based love for the Australian National University botany student into pure reverence for the impure Anti-Christ. In de Bortoli’s mother-less world, he now had found communion with a truly caring matriarch. He was lost in the throes of Amor matri. Auditions were no longer being held for the high-ranking role of Lead Bogeyman. De Bortoli bad been successful: he had secured tenure in that most enviable of Undead positions in the otherwise ramshackle hierarchy of Vampires.
But with every job promotion comes unwanted concessions. For de Bortoli was now permanently lost. Perpetually lost. A plaything of the Damned. 
A bastard son of Shame.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER FORTY THREE.



Alpha Vampire Girl (Fading). Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“The Yara ma tha who […] sucks the blood from the victim and leaves him helpless upon the ground.” - David Unaipon in Legendary Tales of the Australian Aborigines, Carlton: Miegunyah Press, 2006: 218.

The Vampires multiplied as they fed, like disease-ridden rats. They were now willing bit-players, extras, spear-holders and curtain-pullers in each nightly rehearsal for this performance of an Undead Armageddon, pullulating chaotically, swarming randomly. Their CVs grew substantially as they shored up their Undead careers, secured their Undead super-annuations and dreamt of one day (or more likely night), themselves overtaking de  Bortoli for the rank of top, slavering dog of Undeath. Jemilah knew that the tanker plan had to work or else the township would soon be over-run with these loathsome night-walkers.
The plate covering the manhole down to the tunnels beneath the castle was rusted shut and had to be prised open with great force. Fortunately, one of the few other Catholic Arabs in Safi - the same gentleman who cared for the ruins of the St. Catherine’s cathedral - had learnt of the plan and spent the hours before dawn thoroughly oiling the once immovable seal. The lubricated cover was soon wrenched aside, becoming sufficiently wide for the modern day Vampire hunters to lower their rubber rafts, Crucifixes, stakes and garlic wreaths onto the dry stonework below.
Jemilah, Fatima and Elijah jumped to their noble task with gusto. They worked there in the centre of the medina but were barely able to contain their excitement.
Metre by metre they snaked the thick, still flat, canvas hose through the main ironbound doors of the medina’s arts and crafts museum and down the central entrance channel (never accessed due to the ornate but heavy steel grill protecting the vertical shaft some ten metres deep), while the St. Catherine’s attendant kept sentry duty at the tanker’s water spigot.
Down, all the way deep down to the coarsely stone-worked tunnels high enough for a man to stand in, down, down into the ancient drainage system of the medina, down to the unlit stone encased tunnelling that ran the entire length of the town and further to the Castle and thence to the sea. Dry and curtained with cobwebs for only the first ten or twenty metres, these drains had not seen liquid for many years but would soon be flooded with a deluge of Vampire-killing sanctified water.
The valiant trio ducked as several small but harmless black bats flapped past them and out the manhole, squeaking like scared mice as they flew.
“Merde!” yelled Elijah, waving impotently at the winged mice, before Jemilah hushed him and thrust the mouthpiece of the inflatable raft into his hands. Heaving with the strain, the three Vampire hunters blew lungful after lungful into their planned means of surprising the residents of the underground den of depravity.
Elijah carried a thurible of sweet burning incense in anticipation of the Vampire lair’s stench. They had been anointed with Holy Water and each bore crosses on silver chains about their necks. Then, with the rafts inflated and their small but brave team in place, the signal was given and the tanker’s load of Holy Water began its steady inundation, carrying the rafts along like rides in some kind of western “Wet’n’wild” fun park.
Nerves a jangle, with senses drawn taut as bowstrings, they advanced into the barely lit Vampire rookery with their ornate Crucifixes held aloft - “the sacred weapon in the left hand” - and stakes poised - “the mortal in the right,” - to quote Bram Stoker’s Dr. Seward and his phonographic description of how he and his compatriots seemingly triumphed in the world renown battle against the Anti-Christ in London.
The screams as the sanctioned fluid flooded the cistern under the Chateau de Mer, to a level just over ankle deep, were soon echoing loudly. It was as if a hundred lobsters that were boiling alive suddenly gained voices. Like hallowed broadswords laced with acid, the blessed deluge sluiced through their feet mercilessly, ripping molten flesh from the very bones holding each Undead body aloft. Fiends shuddered for a moment or two, spewed forth gutfuls of green bile, then expired in short explosions of noxious steam. The fun park of the Chateau de Mer had turned into a fang-gnashing circus of the damned.
These underground Vampires (unlike other winged killers such as, say, those falcons, leather-hooded for an aeroplane flight to Casablanca with trailing jesses and all) had no instincts to guide them; this calamitous event was not foreseen. Their shrieks rose like a rosary of torment, filling the cavernous chamber under the castle with the sounds of Unholy agony. A subaquatic fire burned everything evil it touched, covering the gets in blistering liquid, making away with all that was malicious and malevolent.
The hissing and savage snarling emanating from between their slavering teeth was terrifying but ultimately so very gratifying to Jemilah, Fatima and Elijah’s ears. The trio continued to advance amongst the stinking, liquefying revenants and chanted the words that in English meant: “Unholy Vampire, gaze upon this. Here is Jesus Christ who saved humanity from the pains of Hell and died for us upon the cross.” Here and there a Vampire would resist the Holy Water and, with faces distorted in diabolic fury, make a frenzied lunge at Jemilah, Fatima or Elijah, only to be pierced through the heart with a honed and lethal wooden stake.
The Vampire-hunters felt quite invincible. Still, each had hung a razor-sharp curved scimitar in a scabbard around their waists, just in case. But the combination of their personal Crucifixes, like the glowing coals of sacred hidden fires nestled in the crooks of their necks, and the highly wrought images of the nailed and purged Christ splayed upon the large cross they each held bravely aloft, and the flood of Holy Water about their ankles, all conspired to doom the desolate bloodsuckers to Hell. Their victim’s legs dissolved into a hyaline, jelly like substance, rendering them immovable and - if the aqueous immolation was of insufficient speed -  making them an easy target for a grisly blow of the stake to the place where once before had been a beating human heart.
The crosses were not the peaceful square cross that predated Christianity by at least 1500 years but were instead the longer-stemmed cross used by the Romans to torment Jesus Christ himself. Deriving its name from the Latin Cruciare, meaning to torture, the Catholic icon was certainly torturing all the Safian Undead who witnessed it now. Jemilah and her religious accomplices did not falter in this, their wonderful zeal.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

CHAPTER FORTY FOUR.



Beta Vampire Girl. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“Metaphorically speaking, [suicide] is an intra-psychic drama played out on an interpersonal stage, and we in the stalls can only wonder at the whys and wherefores of the performers.” - Sterling de Bortoli in “The Werther Effect and You”, Postgraduate Review, Carlton: University of Melbourne Postgraduate Association, 8.4, 2002: 39.

Something is going horribly wrong and I can hear the raucous cry of the proud Weelow in the distance - could I actually hear it crowing all the way from Australia? Bastard bird. My feet and calves are burning, almost to the crooks of my knees. They are sizzling and frying as if I were standing in molten steel and the pain is unbearable. My beautiful heart-shaped Gastrocnemius have melted and are gone. I twist around from adulation of my much-beloved Dark Lord to witness a Crucifix bearing down upon me and I instantly recognise the kohl-eyed face of the pretty Arabian girl from the ceramics market who had once fed me Tajine and bread.
She who is my deliverance who is Jemilah seems to hesitate for a moment before thrusting her ghastly Crucifix full on in my face. Part of me cowers in shame.
So it has come to this, my doom is at last approaching. In the fleeting second I realise this, I ask my still sentient self if I truly desire an eternity of filthy gets rimming my backside as the monster behind me presently has. Have I not falsely convinced myself such subservience to Diablerie would mean everlasting enjoyment and peace? Was my life spent battling serrated tussock grass at God’s End, drunken louts in Melbourne pubs and French deconstructionists in university tutorials really worth it - for this?
Suddenly a near-forgotten vision of my once beloved Virgin Mary fills my mind and my eyes brim with saline. A trickle becomes a deluge. Sobbing. I feel like I’ve never cried like this in my life, cried out loud, that is, and it’s as though I am singing for the first time. Minims like waves of light and crotchets of pure energy. A man like me! Like a choir. Like a thousand choirs. Memories and words of wisdom from my Catholic childhood education return to me and I grasp how wrong so much of my life has been and my mind starts to rejoice at the confession with music.
Once, as an altar boy, I was devoted to being a humble lamb of our Good Shepherd - is it too late to redeem myself, even as Jemilah’s determined Vampire-hunting face and her all powerful Crucifix advances? My feet. Rooted to the spot. My fate. Sealed. But my past - that time before Satan had showed me her many voluptuous forms - surely some god will remember that? Can’t you bastards stop chewing up the world and remember?
Can not the blackness of a heart be whitened? Or a man’s olive coloured, part-Aboriginal heart? Can not even this ugly organ be bleached clean?
But I know I can do this thing. In an instant I tear apart my grimy Gandoora, accepting with a strange kind of resigned elation the fact that all this wickedness will soon be over. I remember again the unsuspecting victims, whose life blood has succoured my awful Undead existence. I close my weary eyes and feel an unhurried, moderate push against my chest.
As the stake pierces my skin, as slow as any nurse’s needle, I open my eyes once more. I take in Jemilah’s pure heart as I take in the stake.
Her eyes show trepidation, yet compassion and sorrow are there too as I utter a last, quick Hail Mary prayer. My scarred arms, dot-painted with the patterns that depict our Life, our Land, our Country, are outstretched in this, my ancestral death dance as I kick up tiny eddies of dust in time to the clap sticks. My suppurating eyes are lifted to the heavens and to the Rainbow Serpent and there is a vacancy if not answers.
And I know what must be said:
“Forgive me Fathers, for I knew not what I did.”
I drift past my first girlfriend Emma who I dumped at age sixteen because her girlfriends would French-kiss me and after seven months of going steady Emma still wouldn’t let me go all the way.  Her mother rang me and told me she was still crying a week later. She begged me to return but I was already gone.
I drift past the university football players from my team who came to visit me in the university dorm when I broke my leg in an inter-collegiate match but whom I ignored through supercilious pride when our team went onto the finals without me. They invited me to their post-match revels but I felt like a pity case and declined. I was well and truly gone.
I drift past the Professor who signed off on my undergraduate honours research proposal even though I really didn’t know what I was doing and he was betting on getting it past two especially chosen and especially uncritical examiners. He was right in his assumptions: the thesis was passed and I graduated, all the while thinking ‘Do I actually deserve this accolade?’ I thus got into a coveted PhD course but I was still gone, gone, gone.
I drift past Dad and Desmond, comatose with too much of the good life. I drift past the others who are as greedy for it as I once was. I drift past the many men and women who have fed me, their souls now languishing in Limbo, to be forever tormented. I drift past poor fat Giovanni, who had only been trying to make a home for his own lovely Maria. And I was a goner.
I drift past my Aboriginal brothers and sisters, aunties and uncles proudly posing in their possum skin cloaks and I drift past Auntie Carol with her glittering afro and I drift past Dorothea, who as a full-blood was always going to be a much blacker bloodsucka than me, and I drift through a cloud of cockatoo feathers and into a TV studio where a man with a bad toupee and an off the rack polyester suit is saying; Sterling de Bortoli, IS THIS YOUR LIFE?” Swallowing bile, I eventually answer, “Yes, yes, I’m so sorry, yes, it is …
And then I see Mary and I relax the fists of my self-made fantasy/history.
Still weeping but unable to grind out anymore tears, I glance back at Jemilah who seems transfixed by the change that is overcoming me. A condemned man always stands a little shakily as he mounts the tumbrel but I was back in the land of delirium tremors. I had never thought of the way I, myself, would eventually expire. I glance again at my battered plastic watch and realise it is nearing the stroke of midnight, and then her sharpened stake enters my miserably lonely heart and I think to myself “Let it be” and a brilliant, soothing white light presents itself in my deformed and so very disillusioned skull.
My Mother Mary has come to me. Her compassion is caressing me, bathing my soul, as it becomes clean as the day I was born, and with it I am overcome by an irresistible sense of peace. I remember a melody. It is a wordless tune from Arnhem Land. I heard it as I strolled home, content, skipping, dancing, some twenty hundred years ago.
I hear the perfect universe in the echoing clak clak clak of clap sticks and the low-key drone of a didgeridoo. Sideways shuffle, half-skip at the end. It is from a throbbing corroboree I danced on the limestone plains of what was to later be known as Canberra, at least twenty thousand years ago.
***
A closely watching god masticates and swallows as my hand falls from the kitchen knife now embedded in my upper torso. The once formidable pectoral muscles that are now atrophied and weak on my grey-haired chest have yielded to the blade like sun-warmed jelly. I look at what remains visible of the stake - just its cheap, plastic, imitation-bone hilt - and wonder that I have finally gotten here, as my life blood spurts out and then out and then out like a geyser blowing at increasingly irregular intervals. I half smile with contentment as my body drops into a peaceful, easy death amidst my steroid-tainted syringes; my dog-eared Derrida texts; my broken-down computer; and a mouldering, dead Garrawi cockatoo, to which I had erected a shrine of sorts. And, of course, the pile of empty Stanley and Coolabah wine casks, left like the midden of picked-clean bones one finds outside the lairs of carnivorous beasts or tribes of bush fellas. It’s all there, my whole life, lying on the dirt floor of my space under the foot bridge. And thus ends my wretched little fantasy as I make my own First Contact with the non-existence that awaits all of we biological life-forms. My soul, however, as old as the oldest cave paintings, after licking the many cuts and bruises it has accumulated over this particular lifetime of forty-something years, is saved and, after returning to Country, I know it will someday be reborn to dance again.
My inner adventure is over. My Dreaming is complete. I have discovered the cure for arrogance and it is death and my ill-deeds will not be memorialised. Yes, I am exonerated. I am free. Free of feeling. Free of love, hate, pride, jealousy. I will always be free for I have found the light of My Mother’s redemption. Like a plume of the purest oxygen, my soul rises and rises to the surface of my billabong and becomes as one with the frothy bubbles and the still bickering pond scum. As the sun sets their voices fade away, my spirit grows accustomed to the deafening roar of nothingness, and a temporary peace descends on the land that for a while I had terrorised.
And as the pure freefall of my soul commences, Balanda, I feel I have learnt something, eh?


THE UNIVERSITY OF UNANSWERED QUESTIONS.
This is to certify that:
Sterling de Bortoli
Has this day been duly admitted to the degree of
A Life-Time of Fuck-ups.
Given Under the Holy Seal of His God With Teeth.


BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

EPILOGUE: THE GODS HAVE GASTRIC REFLUX.



Self Portrait: The Author as Multi-Vampire Victim. Copyright D. Bruno Starrs, 2012.

“The world doesn’t need any more lame Vampire fiction.” - The part-time creative writing lecturer and full-time lecher Hank Moody (David Duchovny) in the Showtime TV series Californication, 2007.

Know ye, Good Reader, that it is the day after Good slash Bad or just plain Indifferent Friday, 2009, and my teeth are flashing literary squibs instead of sparks as I detail the denouement of this unhappy and none too uncommon story slash lecture.
The girl they called Jemilah (such a good little child, but prone to extended flights of adolescent fancy - or hysteria - such as has been recounted in the preceding pages) acknowledged that Sterling de Bortoli had shown remorse, real remorse, albeit only at the very end. At first his eyes had flared splenetic in his gaunt face, his fangs snapping wild with fury, his lips spraying flecks of yellow-tinged saliva.
But then, in an instant, he apparently softened as if he knew with relief that it was finally and thankfully to all soon be over. She wondered if he had at last found his salvation, possibly even his eternal absolution, for there had been a strange look of peace on his face as her hawthorn stake skewered his twisted, discoloured heart.
Right there in front of her, something had happened to his soul and she interpreted it as a kind of divine tranquillity that had mercifully overtaken him.
Some professionals of the mind would call Jemilah’s fantasy an extremely artistic act of self-delusion.
In her generous adjudication, de Bortoli was simply the victim of misplaced love, and that is an all too common affliction ye mere humans, aware as ye are that someday your lives must end and also aware that miraculously, the love of another has the potential to postpone and even lessen the pain of the inevitable.
For de Bortoli, his death-postponing love was for one whom he thought was just a rebellious Catholic girl from Canberra.  And that beautiful, unruly goth girl became his de facto mother, as she perfected her Unholy deception.
De Bortoli’s life had been a hard one, an aimless amble, not so much a strong man’s quest after one mirage then another, although that interpretation will always be valid, but more a search for understanding and truth. In his last moments, perhaps, he found his truth, he seemed at ease, and even, Jemilah dared dream, he felt peace. Hundreds more of the Vampires there under the castle in Safi went with far less humility. They hissed, spat and snarled their way into their own horrific Eternities. With hate twisting their fanged faces into gargoyle-like effigies, their bowels and bladders emptied uncontrollably and their diseased lungs belched forth vile vapour. The stink turned Jemilah’s delicate stomach, yet she and her brave dispatchers recoiled only momentarily in disgust from their Godly task for Jemilah was singularly determined to find an ending to her story. Her story. Her history.
As her wooden stake pierced de Bortoli’s chest, Jemilah couldn’t stop herself from experiencing empathy and she thus said a short prayer of requiem for this dying old muscleman, an elegy for a once religious boy. She wondered; were the Angels now bearing his heavy soul draped in white or shrouded in black?
She remembered his authentic humility when they had broken bread together and he had rewarded her simple meal of Tajine with the generous but unnecessary purchase of some of the most expensive trinkets on sale in her family’s ceramics shop.
Certainly, the ‘life’ of an Undead Vampire could be complicated, eliciting equal parts of disgust and sympathy. At one stage, she was sure, he had been a good man. A man, had she only gotten there early enough, she could have loved. A man she could even have saved.
A soft threnody of keening escaped her sympathetic lips as she dreamt further, a dream of romantic entwinement. A dream so very like those which the rest of man and women-kind often lose themselves in. Yes, Jemilah continued her own tender Dreaming.
But the dark elements of her fantasy would not expire, they fought for acknowledgement and supremacy. Hence, she saw that still, on its elevated throne, deep within the flickering shadows of the western-most end of the cavern beneath Chateau de Mer, was the so-called Prince of Darkness, who was sat there with unselfconsciously splayed legs. Its grey, pallid torso was matted with clotted rivulets of blood whilst minute black flies buzzed about its ordure caked backside and fat cockroaches scurried across its distended belly.
This was not a pleasant part of her reverie, but Jemilah was determined to see it through to a satisfying conclusion.
When the beast’s cavernous mouth belched, its putrid halitosis drew the tiny insects to around its mouth, where its forked tongue could easily flick out and lap them up.
Although rubicund and near stupefied with feeding, however, the Fallen Angel could awaken to an alert state in an instant. Her intention was to rewrite the rules, to rework the blueprints, to amend the constitutions of human life itself, but she did not yet know that her plan was in jeopardy.
Thus within seconds of Jemilah and her Slayers beginning their onslaught, the thing that was Satan realised there were important changes occurring and its demeanour changed instantly, as it came to know that not all who were present were her supporters.
Suddenly, like an emperor without clothes, its only raiment now as it perched on its kingly throne was a layer of dried excrement. Gone was the contented state of satiation brought on by the constant trickle of hospital grade blood being delivered down its gaping mouth via a cylindrical rubber hose, and it wondered if it must flee.
The Thing lifted a dry, passionless face to where de Bortoli was dying, and, desperate, it tried to join with him in a belated copulation, a union that would leave all to anguish, naught for love, all to odium, nothing for care, and yet, could not destroy the presumption that they might still be one. But before it even started, de Bortoli was withdrawing from the coition, unwon by evil, snubbing that for which he had once yearned. The Thing realised it had lost him but stayed defiant, for that and spite were all it knew. It sneered and cachinnated contemptuously at the man it had squandered.
While the abandoned microphones from the band delivered screaming feedback, the god slash monster rose with a fetid, shambling roar, and time itself under the castle seemed to stutter in a spasm of uncertainty, as de Bortoli’s erstwhile Queen decided its immediate future: psychically, the god-monster and Dorothea made plans fast for their ethereal exits.
From the commode-like throne it began to assume its largest and most terrifying shapes. Its three powerfully built new tails expanded and swung mercilessly at the subordinate entities lapping at the viscous black muck that was oozing from its deformed rectum.
The two languid, once female human gets who only seconds before had been servicing its feculent rear, were then swept onto the floor of the cavern where their pitiful forms - faces smeared with devil dung - instantly began writhing in pain in the shallow Holy Water: cooking, dissolving, disappearing into the terrifying ether of Limbo, sucked down into a vortex of liquid fire. Their once-beautiful faces, as they uttered a last horrible screech, would be etched for all time with looks of uncomprehending frustration and pure, ghastly terror. They were locked forever in an eternal embrace with desolation, an infernal coupling with misery that would never wane.
Jemilah was really liking the way this dream was going, as the monstrous conception responsible for all this tale’s mayhem struggled on, throwing up its great bearded snout like a lammergeyer’s beak and stretching the grunge filled folds of its thick muscular neck.
In a rage the Thing began to transmogrify again and exercised its full theriomorphic powers. First it grew from its skull a set of ram’s horns, which curled around its head like a Princess Leia hairstyle. Emerging from its scaled shoulders were two leathery, black veined, reptilian wings from which sprang hooked claws. Then in the next instant it became a canine creature with rabid, drool-dripping fangs and mangy, spotted fur like a hyena. Finally it tried the form of a giant wart-covered toad with hallucinogenic poisons erupting from a mess of boils spread out across its slimy back. Three pendulous breasts swung unattractively from its front like sacks of coarse sand.
It snorted out a plug of green mucus, flexed stringy muscles and reached a scaly, pus-dripping arm several metres into the seething mass of Vampires that were squealing and sizzling in the ankle deep Holy Water. It plucked Dorothea from the chaos with its overgrown talons and effortlessly drew her to its side. Dorothea’s feet would be forever disfigured but she would walk beside her dark Mistress once again, although a stroll in her home town of Adelaide, the city of churches, would never more be an option.
The valiant Vampire Slayers were not to be swayed by the ugliness before them. They kept advancing, striding onto the dais, spraying all the remaining Undead with Holy Water, until the loathsome monster, harassed and hopeless, decided to cut its losses.
The Anti-Christ assumed its most difficult yet most effectively deceptive shape-shifting transformation of all: a wispy cloud of noxious gas. Transferring its magic to Dorothea, it then achieved something it had never managed before: instantaneous promotion of a get to full Black Angel status. With the smallest of gestures, a casual flick of its thickened wrist, it was done. Suddenly the Aboriginal research assistant from Canberra was only one step removed from Maria herself in terms of evil Angelic power.
The Anti-Christ and its new number one disciple disappeared as plumes of pungent miasma through a crack in the rough hewn stones of the once Catholic Portuguese citadel. They soon found their fiendish way, no doubt, to some other part of the world where Vampire Slayers and their Crucifixes and Holy Water and garlic and hawthorn stakes could not find them and where they could continue their research aimed at genetically modifying Allium sativum, thus making the plant harmless to all fellow members of the Vampire genus.
Although the Monster was nothing if not a durable chimera, where there were Christians - especially the Catholics with their so-called idolatrous attitudes to the Holy Cross - the Anti-Christ still had formidable enemies. But as we expected would happen, the Thing that once called itself Maria had escaped and the world was still not free from the maleficent influence of the Anti-Christ.
Jemilah got ahead of herself for a moment, wondering how she would direct the sequel to this great tale. For one needs to understand that like a mind-virus, a meme, if ye will, this religious germ had survived.
But Sterling de Bortoli would never direct a sequel to his internal fantasy: his memetic infection was incurable. Mediocre, easily contained men always fail to correctly measure the power of such, for these are the least transparent of worlds, and the most enduring, and the closest - for the participant - to being absolute. His self-created logic had made his brain into a prison and the gallows had swallowed him up quite thoroughly.
And know ye, Good Reader, that Safi itself was a mere incunabulum. Children playing at adults somewhere else in the world would soon be similarly infected, more often than not becoming just another self-destructive fatality, like de Bortoli, a statistic of irrationality, a victim to their over-active imaginations.
Still in the swirling delirium of her vision, Jemilah sighed, but then, as she surveyed the wreckage of the imaginary Vampire den around her, she smiled again at her brother and close friend Fatima, who were used to her fanciful reveries.
Above them another tile cracked and slid from the domed roof of the St. Catherine’s cathedral, falling unnoticed into the dust of the medina floor. More notice was taken of the western-most parapet of Chateau de Mer, which collapsed rather noisily into the sea that day.
And so Elijah and Fatima smiled back at the virginal young woman upon whom her god was now smiling down upon with amaranthine love, and lo, that was her fantasy fulfilled. Within seconds her daydream had dispersed and she was once more selling ceramics to undiscerning but cashed up tourists in Safi, a look of contentment on her previously faraway face.
On the other side of the world, where the nails of the Southern Cross were still thought of as stars, another god bared its teeth in triumph, as de Bortoli’s life-blood seeped from the deep puncture he had inflicted upon his chest cavity with his own god’s teeth by proxy, and the uncertain heart it held beat no more as he succumbed to a particularly virulent strain of religiosity. His self-murdering dreams fled into the air and the blood coagulated, dark and angry, around his prostrate form. He is forty. He is fourteen. He is four. And he is all but forgotten.
Despite the mottled discolouration of his fast decomposing brown skin, when the stench of decay finally led to the discovery of his corpse by university gardeners, the reporters simply described de Bortoli as a homeless middle aged man and retired sporting star, neglecting to mention his Aboriginality entirely, and no reader ever learnt of the troglodyte’s bamboo-lined kennel of rock under the University of Melbourne foot bridge, for the authorities deemed that to be information worth suppressing lest another student squatter take up residence.
His obituary in the alumni newsletter barely made it to three paragraphs, its extra length mostly thanks to a contribution by his PhD supervisor, who lamented the loss of a student with such great academic potential.
A student whose thesis was just one or two drafts away from examination.
If only his schizophrenia had received appropriate attention from medical specialists, he mourned, like a man who knew more than he was letting on.
Even the tabloid newspaper that could normally be depended to beat up the story of a suicide into yet another damnation of mental health services in Australia, whimpered simply: “Promising academic dies”, and sandwiched the easily missed story between a paragraph and photograph of an illegal late-night drag-racing fatality and an advertisement for laser hair restoration on page thirteen.
No edifying photograph of de Bortoli made it into print and he was identified as neither Catholic, Muslim nor Atheist.
And not one report mentioned those choice words: ‘Octoroon’, ‘Blackfella’ or even ‘Whitefella’.
Indeed, the Balanda’s autopsy report made no comment about the colour of de Bortoli’s troubled heart at all.
Yet know ye, Good Reader, that although Sterling de Bortoli never survived his morbid imagination, and although no Aboriginal sorry business marked his passing, the essence of evil that possessed his brain and his soul is still present in his Country, hiding there, dry and dust-like in its mulga plains; unseen in the cold recesses of its limestone cliffs and granite boulders; sequestered in the bubbling, seething brown scum that floats upon the calm surfaces of its billabongs; nestled safely where the water is molecular and warm amongst the roots of its tidal mangrove swamps … and it is waiting, waiting, waiting, like a dormant, genderless virus.
And each night the Weelow and the Garrawi take flight into new dreams ...


BLACKFELLA BLOODSUCKA - THE END.

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

ABOUT THE AUTHOR:

Dr D. Bruno Starrs was born in Adelaide, South Australia, in a year he cannot remember. He is unmarried, child-less and irresponsibly itinerant compared to most people his age (whatever that is) or with anything like his remarkably varied life experiences (with many more to come from his novel-length ‘bucket list’!).
Despite a tendency to waffle on unintelligibly in tangential, obfuscating, pseudo-psychoanalytical dissertations about anything to do with film, media and culture, Dr Starrs has somehow graduated from six highly ranked Australian universities and his qualifications include two Masters degrees and a PhD.
His hobbies include natural bodybuilding and fitness (Dr Starrs has been a finalist in the Mr. Australia titles four times), travelling, cooking and/or eating good food and, yes, you guessed it: Writing!
This novel, Bollywood Extras (Starrs via Smashwords, 2012), was preceded by the paperback novel That Blackfella Bloodsucka Dance! [Germany: Just Fiction Edition, 2011], but which was subsequently re-written and published as an E-book entitled Blackfella Bloodsucka via Smashwords, 2012). Before 2005, when the author’s obsession with writing a novel about an Aboriginal Australian first vampire began, he was dabbling in play-writing, having commenced a Master of Creative Arts at the University of Melbourne in 2002 and published the first of what was to become a collection of writing for the theatre named (bluntly) Suicide Plays (Germany: VDM Verlag. 2009) Several of his stage plays have had public performances. Dr Starrs’ first full-length novel was I Woke Up Feeling Thailand ([Paper back, 256 pages, out of print] Australia: Sid Harta, 2004). Although it made the short list for a major award for an unpublished manuscript it was still nowhere near ready for publication in 2004 so it has now been re-written and published via Smashwords as an E-book labelled I Woke Up Feeling Thailand (2nd Ed.) 2012.
Dr Starrs has published extensively in non-fiction too, with many peer-reviewed film, media and/or culture studies journal articles and book chapters to his name, as well as the academic textbook Dutch Tilt, Aussie Auteur: The Films of Rolf de Heer (Germany: VDM Verlag, 2009), which is slated for a Second Edition release in 2013.
Each of Dr Starrs’ Smashwords E-books currently sells for just US $0.99 but here’s an inside tip: you can get a code to ‘buy’ any of them for free by emailing the author at db [dot] starrs [at] gmail [dot] com, requesting the code for the specific book you want and promising promising promising to post a review online!
Check out Dr Starrs’ other novels, stage plays and film-scripts also available at www [dot] smashwords [dot] com [forward slash] profile [forward slash] view [forward slash] BrunoStarrs And why not visit and contribute to the discussion at www [dot] facebook [dot] com [forward slash] BollywoodExtras, especially regarding the soon-to-be published Hindi language version of Dr. Starrs’ newest novel Bollywood Extras!
Dr D. Bruno Starrs can be hard to physically locate at times. When not sequestered away in some wretched garret, filthy and unshaven (but ever so happily writing), or making sense of this insane world by lifting heavy weights in the gym, he can usually be found teaching Academic Writing and/or Media Studies at several Australian universities or teaching English as a Foreign Language somewhere in deepest, darkest - and preferably - weirdest Asia.


OTHER NOVELS BY THE AUTHOR:


Bollywood Extras
(Starrs via Smashwords, 2012).

SYNOPSIS: Bollywood Extras is a bit like Vladimir Nabokov’s Lolita (1955) meets Nathanael West’s The Day of the Locust (1939), but set in contemporary India’s film-making epicentre known as Bollywood, not America’s Hollywood, and staged against a backdrop of rabid religious terrorism. Written with the unique black comedic, literary flair Dr Starrs is renown for, this, his third novel, boldly captures the feel of Mumbai and the small-time players in its big-time film industry, with style, humour and originality. Length: 67000 words (approx).
ISBN: 9781301669219.
“What is best about Bollywood Extras will likely be its albatross in the sliced bread world of mainstream publishing. Three strengths that make the work what it is - the length, the style, the intellectual capital - will be three strikes against it when it comes to the money. While I delight in rich language and agile invention, I’ve given you the reasons the trade (‘legit’) presses won’t take Bollywood Extras. Do I think you should you change it? No. I like it. Why ruin an interesting work for money? - Tom Flood, Founder of Flood Manuscripts (www [dot] manuscripts [dot] com [dot] au), Former Winner of the Miles Franklin Literary Award, Sydney, Australia, September 2012.
FREE SAMPLE: Go to www [dot] smashwords [dot] com [forward slash] books [forward slash] view [forward slash] 236370



I Woke Up Feeling Thailand
(Starrs via Smashwords, 2nd Ed., 2012).

SYNOPSIS: Thailand has many attractions. For Candy, straight from a Texas trailer park, it’s the cheap drugs. For Leo, a hip-hoppin’ California dude, it’s the cheap drugs and the cheap sex. For Bayard, a pompous graduate of Cambridge with a major in Inconsequential Semantics, it’s the opportunity to make a small fortune out of the English teaching industry ... on the cheap. But for all three, Thailand is where blue-eyed, blonde-haired Westerners such as they have been mysteriously disappearing recently ... Length: 60000 words (approx).
ISBN: 1877059773 (First edition, paperback only, 256 pages, out of print. Published by Sid Harta Publishing, Hartwell, Vic., Australia 2004). ISBN: 9781301029778 (Second edition - i.e. this one - E-book only. Published by Starrs via Smashwords, 2012).
“A remarkable new talent. Starrs’ hilarious parody of Westerners adrift in small town Thailand is destined to become a backpacker’s favourite.” - Barry Scott, author of Love and Wigs: Poems of Bangkok, Bollywood and Beyond (Australia: Transit Lounge Publishing, 2003).
FREE SAMPLE: Go to www [dot] smashwords [dot] com [forward slash] books [forward slash] view [forward slash] 239199

BACK TO TABLE OF CONTENTS >

###

