









The
Porridge
King



By
R. D. Winfrey

Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2010 R.D. Winfrey

****




This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. Taking it with you on a date is strictly forbidden. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. It is shy and does not play well with others. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. It makes for a great Christmas gift or door-stop. Highly flammable. Use with care. Keep this file away from possible ignition sources such as high-voltage power lines and statically-charged cats.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
(God knows he doesn’t.)
Enjoy! And thanks for all the support hose.


****



Prologue:


“And so it came to pass, that in the small town of Tumoria, in the Season of Camphor, during the annual Halitosis Festival, when Lord Bursitis did outlaw all forms of skullduggery and inflamed the patchwork Egghead Consortium with his strident refusal to trim his extensive nose hairs, that there was born on a rainy April day, that most pugnacious of all pug-nosed punks, namely, he who would later be called: Vas Deferen the Great.
His mother, being exceptionally glad the ordeal was nearly over, grunted extra loud, for it felt like her unborn child was either having a boxing-match with her gall bladder or was trying to gnaw his way out of her uterus. However, after several hours of heavy breathing and intense contractual muscle-pushing, the young bobble-head was expelled from his mother’s womb like a wet piglet shot from a circus cannon, and he did squeal like one too, but was dutifully caught in midair by a wet-nurse in attendance who had been smart enough to bring along a catcher’s mitt. And Vas Deferen the Great, who was blue and purple and somewhat wrinkly, was then held upside-down and given a mighty smack upon his bulbous backside with a chrome-plated spatula. And the mighty king, who at this time was neither mighty nor a king, but just a purplish munchkin with a tiny, bald head and big scary eyes, did squeal so profusely that many in the neighborhood thought someone had tossed a cat down an elevator shaft. 
And it came to pass, as was once prophesied, that the head nurse then did step up, and say: “Leave this one alone. I can tell by the look in his eye…he’s bad to the bone.”
And those in attendance did nod their heads rapidly and did stutter: “B-b-bad…b-b-bad….b-b-bad to the bone.”
So, Vas Deferen was born and was wrapped in slobbering clothes and was then presented to the peoples that were gathered outside, and they greeted him with much gnashing of teeth and wiggling of their ears. And they did slap their foreheads repeatedly, and their eyes did bulge, and their feet did sweat, and all of their orifices did pucker, for he was the spitting image of his father, who was called Duke Merrimack the Moist, and came of royal blood, but suffered much from a mackerel fetish. And even though the Duke always carried his birth certificate with him, there were those that still believed he was nothing more than a shaved orangutan with green teeth and a propensity to cheat at cards. 

And so it came to be, or thereabouts, for I missed the whole fiasco due to my weekly bikini-waxing appointment.”


--- The Book of Jasper 2:21




Chapter One: Once, Upon the Twine of Time…


For a few brief years the entire region seemed immersed in a lukewarm broth of tranquil mediocrity. The area’s inhabitants had initially welcomed the change, and spent most of their days staring up at the sky while mindlessly fingering their belly buttons. A few historians have even labeled it the ‘Tepid Age’, for life at that time had about as much excitement as a tub of hour-old bathwater.
In a small village hidden in a remote region of Eastern Europe, the residents went about their humdrum lives ― unworried, unhurried, and happily clueless. Not a one of them had even the slightest inkling that their peaceful days of lethargic bliss were about to come to an end.
The year was 1135 A.D.
The name of that village was ‘Timbrook.’
Located on a rather soggy chunk of earth that was encircled by a steep ridge of stone, the town was nothing more than a few ramshackle huts stuck in the middle of a huge basin of black mud. A geologist might easily discern the area as being an enormous crater of some sort ― caused by an ancient meteor impact, or perhaps, the eroded remnants of a long-dead volcano. Geology, however, was a rare course of study in those parts at that time, and the only rocks the residents of Timbrook wondered about were the ones that rattled inside their bumpy little skulls.
Another geological anomaly was the large mountain that overlooked the town. It was given the name of ‘Mount Moo’, due to its uncanny resemblance to an enormous, inverted cow’s udder.
The community itself was somewhat isolated from the outside world, and the years and years of relative seclusion — coupled with an almost insane devotion to inbreeding ― may have led to some of the settlement’s infamous peculiarities.
One example of this was the resident’s proclivity to eat just about anything made of wood. This was especially true when it came to trees, which the townsfolk found to be quite tasty and relatively easy to catch.  It was therefore not unusual to witness a Timbrookian nibbling the bark off of a nearby sapling, or eating a large bowl of twigs, or strolling through the middle of town while gnawing on a table leg.
They were also renowned for their fascination with all types of fungi and molds, and many kept several varieties in their homes as household pets. Every summer, a competition was held to see who had the finest fungal-growth that resembled a celebrity or historical figure. Last year, Greta Cistern won top honors for a particularly fetid patch of eczema under her arm that many said looked like Attila the Hun eating a corndog.
One major reason for the town’s isolationist policies was that the only sure way to get to Timbrook was by way of a single road that wound its way through the nearby swamps and forests, then past several hog farms, before passing through a small opening in the crater’s rim. The road ended at the village entrance, and since few outsiders ever made it that far, had come to be called ‘the road to nowhere’.
The town had only three major buildings; each one constructed entirely of mud, straw, chicken bones, and old socks.
The largest of these structures was the ‘Cathedral of Habitual Motion’, where the local peasants gathered every Sunday. Once inside the dilapidated hovel, they would sing songs, read assorted rodent entrails, and gnaw on the few wooden pews left in the place. The town’s priest, or ‘Honcho el Grande,’ as he preferred to be called, would begin each service with a rousing speech about how wonderful life will surely be ― after we all drop dead.
For several hours, or at least until the last scrap of wood in the place had been eaten, he would drone on and on about all the magnificent pleasures awaiting everyone once their heart explodes, or they happen to stumble into a pool of quicksand, or they’re trampled to death by a stampeding herd of carnie-barkers. As he explained it, “Heaven is a place where a person could find the answers to the great eternal questions, like: “Who am I?” “How did I get here?” and “Where the hell is my underwear?”
After each Sunday service, most of the residents of Timbrook would go directly to the second tallest building in the village — the town pub. The sign above the establishment read: “Joe’s Pesticides and Lawn Chair Outlet”, but most just called it ‘the drunk tank.’ It was there that the townspeople would drink several large barrels of ale, rum, stale wine, old laundry water, distilled sweat, various pastes and glues, boiled asphalt, and a wide assortment of paint thinners and industrial solvents — damn near anything to catch a buzz.

After they drank the place dry, they would finish the night off by eating the empty barrels.

Yes, times were sometimes hard for these poor, delusional hooch-hounds, but these were not the worst of times. The actual worst of times had occurred twenty-six years earlier, during the summer of 1109 (also known as ‘the summer of love’), when all the frogs and toads in Europe held their annual convention in the humble village. From the far corners of the continent, millions of these amphibians, of every shape, size, and political affiliation, gathered together and crammed themselves into the small valley. They held several meetings and conducted seminars on such topics as: “The ABC’s of catching flies”, “Is tongue length linked to sexual virility?” and “Coping with a troubled tadpole.”
They participated in croaking contests and tongue-target-practice, and played their favorite game ― leap-frog ― of course. They conducted workshops on lily-pad construction, swamp reclamation tips, and how to bully a salamander.
When they finally departed, the entire valley was littered with empty beer cans and cigarette butts. It took the residents of Timbrook three full months to clean up the mess and all they received for their hard work and inconvenience was a couple of expired tokens to “Big-Eyed Pete’s Insect Buffet and Salad Bar.”
Those was definitely the worst days of the Timbrookian’s lives, for when frogs and toads get together in large numbers, they are likely to start licking one another, and soon after, lose their tiny amphibian minds on the strange, hallucinogenic substances they tend to secrete when either sexually aroused or playing blackjack.
The residents of Timbrook quickly came to realize that there are few things in life more frightening than a large, googly-eyed, whacked-out, bullfrog ― especially when it starts to believe it is Jim Morrison.
The best of times happened about ten years earlier, when a remarkable wood-nymph queen visited the area. Her name was Queenie Ambrolicious, and she arrived in Timbrook amid much fanfare ― accompanied by her traveling horde of elves, brownies, sprites, and Bolivian bellboys. With great benevolence, she cast a spell upon the local residents so that whenever anyone spoke the magic word ― ‘polystyrene’ ― a large lump of cheese would suddenly materialize in their pants.
Huge feasts and small cocktail parties were given in her honor for bestowing upon the peasants such an abundance of edible dairy products, as well as for finally putting something within their trousers that was actually worth reaching inside for.
Then, one day, a grub-farmer by the name of Elmer Gantry, while hanging numerous pairs of pants on a rope — in order to collect more cheese — spied Queenie Ambrolicious turning several of the townspeople’s children into little blue armadillos and forcing them to play the castanets.
A mob soon formed and the shapely villain was tracked down and immediately put under hut arrest.  After a lengthy ten minute trial, she was taken outside the town ― de-winged, tarred-and-feathered, and made the mascot of the local hockey team.
There is no doubt among the townspeople though, that those were definitely the best days of their lives, for a person can never have enough free cheese in their diet, even if it does smell like crotch-rot and old dungarees.

Tales of those special days were often mumbled, screamed, and stuttered in the Timbrook pub, along with other strange tales, personal confessions, and celebrity gossip ― which just goes to show that when a person’s stomach is full of hard liquor and partially-digested wood, they’re liable to say just about anything.
Each Sunday evening, as the great, shining orb that most us call the ‘Sun’, slowly made its way beyond the western arc of the crater’s rim, the majority of Timbrook’s residents ― by now drunk to the gills ― stumbled, crawled, staggered, or were forcibly dragged, out of the town pub. A few managed to slither away to their own personal piles of flotsam, while others just slept in the street; having come to the realization that the possibility of finding a particular pile of rubbish that they had decided to call ‘home’ from the other piles of garbage, would be like to trying to find a needle inside a cow’s colon.
Many would head over to the only other object in Timbrook which resembled a building: the ‘Mayor’s Mansion’. It wasn’t a mansion in the conventional sense ― actually, it was just a one-room shack that had often been mistaken for the local pub’s outhouse.
Now, the mayor was not a bright guy by anyone’s standards, not even a marsupial’s, but in the kingdom of the empty-attic-for-brains sect, the idiot with at least a couple of neurons bouncing about inside his cranial echo-chamber might be considered king — or in this particular case — at least, mayor. His main defect though, was his very short memory span, for every Sunday evening the mayor was inexplicably awakened by a loud mob of inebriated silhouettes of mud. This weekly occurrence had been going on for several years without fail, but the mayor’s lack of recollection skills made him seem genuinely surprised each time it happened:
“Hey! Mayor! Let us in honey, or we’ll eat your porch!” a slobbering drunk loudly slurred.
The mayor, still in state of surprise, and slowly shaking off the negative effects of being a persistent narcoleptic — his second big defect — and at this point, relying only upon pure instinct ― immediately began doing an imitation of a wire-haired Scottish terrier in heat.
The rather high-pitched barking and whining made the drunken mob roar with laughter, for it was a fairly good imitation of a wire-haired Scottish terrier in heat, and one which often brought several packs of dogs from the surrounding countryside to the town for a good bit of sniffing and baying at the moon. Unfortunately for the mayor, the townspeople knew good and well that he didn’t actually own a dog, and even if some of the drunks did, at that point, start humping each other’s legs, it was not due to the mayor’s yowling, but was, in fact, a common form of greeting in those days.
“Open up mayor, baby! We is sleepy!” a member of the crowd yelped.
The mayor winced ― discouraged by his lack of canine impersonation skills. Suddenly, something deep within the confines of his overworked reptilian brain flickered for a few seconds. This almost insignificant electrical impulse caused the mayor a hazy and confused feeling similar to Déjà vu, but before he could be sure ― or at least brush up on his French ― the small cells shorted-out under the enormous strain ― much like what would happen if you used a toaster to bob for apples.
The mayor shrugged, like most simpletons are inclined to do in such circumstances, and was happy in the realization that he could still remember his name, which he was pretty sure was Olfin Gristlepuss. Being now fully awake, but still dumb as a box of Texas debutantes, he decided to roll out of his bed and answer the door.
He stood about five feet tall, although this height was only achieved because he had a large block of wood tied to each foot. He weighed about two hundred pounds soaking wet; but, it had been nearly ten years since anyone had been brave enough ― or crazy enough ― to actually verify this. His massive waist and nearly empty brainpan gave him a very low center of gravity, which is why he was a star rugby player back at the ‘School for the Dentally Challenged’, located in Buzzleburg, Switzerland.
Regrettably, a bad knee and a fondness for chickens got his sports scholarship revoked. 
He spent the next summer climbing the Alps, but as he was nearing the top of one of the highest mountains in Europe, he lost his balance and began to roll all the way down the steep slope. 
He became a resident of Timbrook only because that is where he finally came to a stop.
His quite-bald head was almost perfectly round and closely resembled a cue ball, without all the chalk marks. It seemed to be attached directly to his shoulders, as if his parents had mischievously withheld the genetic information necessary for the development of a neck. He always knew that they had it in for him and he had the stretch-marks to prove it. 
The Sunday night routine was always the same, and had over time, become quite a strange ritual. The belching throng would awaken the mayor, he would then do his ‘wire-haired Scottish terrier in heat’ routine, get out of bed, put on his nightcap, mumble a few choice curse words to himself, tie the two large blocks of wood to his feet, and clumsily lurch across the floor to the door.
“What in heathen’s name is the meaning of this intrusion?” he exclaimed in his best Basil Rathbone voice.
“Open zee door, mayor! We is poor orphans from the World Fund, and we is so very tired,” one of the townspeople yodeled, while others snickered and giggled. “We is been out all day collecting money for pesticide and turpentine research!”
The mayor, however, was not at all amused. “Who is this? What do you idiots want at this hour of the morning? Be gone! Go to your own homes…you…you…vagabonds!”  He stuck his chin as high in the air as a five-foot stooge can possibly manage, and crossed his arms on his chest because he thought it made him look more ‘Churchill-ian’.
It was at that moment that the door to his humble pile of rubble suddenly flew open, which was not a difficult thing to achieve, as the door was nothing more than several twigs bound together by old hair-nets and that plastic grass often found in Easter baskets. Seconds later, the entire room ― which actually looked much larger from the inside ― was filled with about twenty to thirty inebriated, mud-soaked, somewhat human-looking degenerates.
“This is not a hotel!” the mayor screamed, losing all traces of the Basil Rathbone shtick.
“Is everyone in?” a voice asked the now alcohol-drenched atmosphere of the room.
“Yes,” another scab replied.
“Good! Thanks, mayor. You certainly have my vote next year.” 
A low roar comprised of coughs, gurgles, gaseous expulsions, belches, and sniffles began to grow louder and louder, accompanied by the almost constant sound of grubby little hands scratching themselves. This rather disgusting concerto continued until silenced by a single word:
“Goodnight.”
In an instant, they all hit the floor at once, leaving the mayor standing alone. Loud, rumbling snores and snorts and smacking of lips began emanating from the numerous lumps that now filled every inch of floor space available. The mayor could only stand there ― gazing about with that usual perplexed look pasted to the front of his skull.
“Oh, my…” he muttered to his twiddling thumbs, “How shall I ever make it back to my bed?”

Such was life in the small squalor known as Timbrook. Most of the days were spent digging up turnips or potatoes. Occasionally, a person would dig too deep and turn up somebody’s dead uncle.
Many of the residents had, however, come to recognize that spending their lives knee-deep in mud, manure, and cat hair was not as bad as some might think. In fact, when studied closely, there is a quaint and wholesome quality to such a life, except for the diseases and that ever-present, god-awful stench.
It was a town that had survived on the ingenuity, hard work and determination of its citizens, which is why it was little more than a patch of dilapidated huts sitting inside a deep crater of sludge in front of a rather odd-looking mountain. In fact, Hans Figg, the noted German historian, depicted the area as such in one of his travel journals:

“…Timbrook can best be described as a huge bowl of mud with a few things that vaguely resemble human beings poking around in it with half-eaten sticks. Avoid the area unless you have an overwhelming desire to catch some type of bacterial infection.”

Needless to say, tourism was not one of the town’s strongest enterprises.

One day though, a handsome, young stranger rode into the middle of town on a majestic black stallion. He stood tall and proud in the saddle, and his armor gleamed in the midday sun. He removed his shinning helmet and stared about the village with a look of fierce determination. His hair was a sort of dirty blonde in color, but unlike the residents of Timbrook, his follicles were quite clean and sparkled with little rainbows of reflected light. This aura of luminosity, combined with the golden quality of his shoulder-length blonde locks, nicely complimented his rather darker, un-dyed roots.
His face was quite angular in appearance, with a strong jaw line and a feathery goatee that tufted from his chin. His lips were thin, as was his nose, and his entire face had that beautiful apricot hue that can only be found at the best tanning salons in Europe. His green eyes were full and piercing; the left one especially, for the eyebrow above it seemed permanently posed in the cocked position.
He wore a fine white silk shirt, which billowed out at the wrists and was covered across his torso by a shining breastplate of finely crafted steel. A golden eagle was emblazoned on the chest with several rows of an ancient script engraved in parallel lines that continued on across his back. A red cloak, neatly bundled, draped across his right shoulder and flowed down to his waist, where it was tied with a thin, golden rope and fastened by a silver broach encrusted with several bright, sparkling jewels.
Around his waist was a thick leather belt, which held the most magnificent sword anyone in those parts had ever spied. Its hilt was golden in color and wrapped with a black leather grip, while the blade itself was as shiny as any mirror made before cheap, foreign labor became the norm, and was covered with numerous engravings of strange and mystical runes.
More and more of the townspeople begin to gather around the magnificent figure. A small group came out of the pub, and a few more emerged from the local sewage ditch. Awe covered their grimy little faces as they looked up at the stranger. He seemed to notice their movement, but he didn’t look directly at any of them. He instead continued to scan the horizon, as if looking for a lost pet or a good place to eat. He placed his left hand upon his armor-covered thigh so that he could rise a bit more in the saddle, and allow a ray of light to highlight his good side.
He knew the time was right to speak when the stench became a little too overbearing and his horse started to snort and sneeze.
“I am Oldsmobill!” he proclaimed in a deep, confident voice, “I come from the land of Allegoria, beyond the Ouji Mountains, north of Poutsland, across from the Macaroon River Basin, and just down the road from the city of Pooch.”
None of this meant a thing to the townspeople of Timbrook — they all had a horrible sense of direction.
“I have been sent here on a quest!” Oldsmobill declared, before waiting a few seconds for that statement to sink in, but all he heard was the chirping of crickets. Undeterred, he continued: “Dear citizens of Timbrook, I have been sent here. So, heed my words…and listen to every one of them carefully…and save all of your questions for the end, when I will try to answer them all.”
He looked about and quickly added, “Time permitting, of course.”
He cleared his throat and then unleashed his sword from its binding and held it high above his head. It was too bad that no one had bothered to bring along a camera, much less invented one, for this would have made a very fine photograph, indeed.
“I carry with me ‘Chinchilla: the sword of vengeance and retribution’, to lead us all on this quest. Hear me! Oh, denizens of Timbrook. This sword has magical powers. It was crafted long ago by the one-legged trolls of Razzle-Bazzle, fired in the great smithy halls of SwordCo Industries and quenched in the waters of Lake Okefenokee.”
Olds moved the sword around him so that everyone in the crowd could get a good look.
“The blade has been sharpened to the finest degree humanly possible and has the ability to not only hew a man in half, but can also make crinkle-cut fries. It slices! It dices! It’s like three weapons in one!”
He spun it around once more. He couldn’t quite tell how the citizens were reacting so far. With all the mud and manure on their faces, it was tough to make out anything other than their beady little eyes. 
“Yes, my friends, with this sword in hand, there is nothing…and I mean nothing… that can stop us!”
He then leaned forward, and lowered his voice a little. “Good people of Timbrook, I have ventured to this fair and noble land to invite you to join me on this important quest. I have been found favorable in the eyes of some very powerful forces in the world, and they have compelled me to come here, to present you with the opportunity to do great things. To have an adventure that will most likely go down in history...depending, of course…on who’s going to be writing it.”
“Years from now,” he continued, “Generation after generation will speak your names with hallowed breaths and minty-flavored tongues. They will put on their favorite smoking jackets and sit in mahogany-paneled rooms and eagerly read of your actions. They will reenact your bold deeds on dimly-lit stages in high school gymnasiums and in off-Broadway theatre houses. They will write great songs about you, and name bus stations after you, and have great feasts and parades, and whenever times are troubled, the people will huddle together and reassure themselves by saying: ‘Remember Timbrook!” 
Oldsmobill accentuated his final words with a bellowing cry and raised his eyes and arms to the sky. He remained motionless for a few seconds, expecting a great cheer of approval to rise up from the crowd. He took a deep breath. ‘Any second now…’ he thought, ‘the roar of applause would arrive...’ 
He took another breath. 
All he heard was a couple of coughs, a sneeze, and a constant scratching sound. 
He put his arms down and cleared his throat. Looking about, he saw that the citizens still stood all around him — sticking their fingers inside their noses and ears, scratching themselves, and looking up at him with the same kind of look that a dog has when it hears a high-pitched whistle or someone speaking Vietnamese.
He raised his eyebrows slightly and rubbed the thin hairs on his chin. He licked his lips, gave a shrug, and whispered, “Oookay…” 
He then began to speak again, “Help me fulfill this mission that has been given to all of us. This small town is destined for distinction. It will be a light that shines throughout all of Europe. Imagine it! You, bringing this fair country out of the darkness and into the light once again! Timbrook will become a center for knowledge and understanding…a place where science will merge with the old ways of magic and nature! A place where all government offices be open on Saturdays! A place where we can begin to establish a foundation that all of western civilization can build upon…and we will share our knowledge…our foresight…and our hope, for the entire world to see! A place where compassion, freedom, liberty, and justice will be known by every man and woman throughout the land…so long as they are legal citizens and have a fairly good credit rating.”
The shining knight’s voice had again grown louder and louder with each syllable he uttered. He quietly thanked the publishers of “How to be a Successful Orator in Three Easy Lessons,” for this valuable bit of advice.
By the end of his speech, his voice had become truly thunderous, rumbling out of the small village and bouncing off the encircling walls of creviced stone. The sound reverberated back and gave Oldsmobill’s voice a large dose of echo and reverb, causing it to sound even more powerful. As he heard the last reverberations of his voice, he was amazed by how deep and strong it was. A great feeling of pride washed over him as he closed his eyes and heard the last, faint ripples of the sound as it entered his well-trimmed ears.
The townspeople blinked, scratched, and began to slowly look at each other in silence. A few peered up at the stranger that was before them ― his eyes were closed, his head was slightly perched upward, and he had a confident smile stretched across his beaming face.
Most of the residents though, just stared at his horse.
Olds slowly opened one eye and surveyed the crowd. He sighed again. ‘What happened?’ he thought. ‘The Shrub-Gods of Quix never mentioned this…’
He suddenly frowned, and gave the crowd a long, silent stare. ‘What is it with these people?’ he quietly percolated, ‘I did everything the Shrub-Gods told me to do. I even read that stupid book on oratory they made me buy…and I delivered a damn fine speech, too. But, these people…’ He continued to wonder why they were not cheering, or applauding, or even asking for his autograph ― and why in the world were they all staring so intently at his horse?
His eyes widened as the confusion ― which he had been so good to keep hidden ― had now opened the doorway to his face and stepped out for a good look-see. 
He began to think that maybe the people of Timbrook were all about as bright as a firefly with exceptionally low self-esteem.
He had more than just a slight inkling of this assumption when the crowd suddenly surged forward and pulled him from his horse. 
Before he could say a single word recognizable to any species of life on this planet other than the yelping monkeys of Amblocuda, they had stripped him of his fine clothes, armor, and cloak, and then jerked the boots right off of his feet. They quickly emptied his saddlebags and took all of his gold coins, spare clothes, shaving supplies, shampoo, blonde hair-dye, fingernail clippers, prescription nasal decongestion tablets, saddle soap, hotel towels, and numerous bags of pork rinds. They even took all of his detailed maps of Europe, which they immediately ate.
He was almost positive that his suspicions about them were true when they took his jeweled broach ― as well as a small locket that was engraved with the words: “Don’t Worry, Be Happy” on it ― melted them down, and formed the material into small figurines making numerous obscene gestures.
He became quite sure of it when they snagged his sword and ran around the center of town waving it about and screaming like a group of banshees on anti-depressants. They finally bent it into a zigzag shape, and scratched dirty words all over the ancient rune engravings.
He was absolutely, without a doubt, totally convinced of their mental shortcomings when they placed him on a catapult and launched his naked body over the mountainous ridge and into the swamps beyond.

After much laughing and cheering…they then ate his horse.




Chapter Two: The Great Hunter and the Dandy Lion


The morning after the magnificent feast, the residents of Timbrook laid scattered about the center of town. Their sleeping bodies marked the exact spot where their brains — having taken enough abuse for one night ― finally shut down. A few of the townspeople began to stir, as the sun slowly rose over them, and they snorted, or wheezed, or yawned, while rubbing their bloated bellies and crusty lips. Empty barrels of all types of mind-warping elixirs were strewn around the village and would probably not be eaten for a day or so. A slight fog drifted across the town; while several nervous chickens loitered about, not realizing that they could rest easy for a few hours. 
Mayor Gristlepuss suddenly lumbered out of his sad excuse for a door, and made his way to a large, tooth-marked oak that stood next to his mansion. He began to pull repeatedly on a rope connected to a large bell that had been strapped to one of the oak’s branches. 
After three or four rings, he had to stop because someone flung a shoe at his head. 
He straightened himself up and began lifting each of his wooden-block-enhanced feet upon a moss-covered rock next to the oak. He began to search through a crumpled mass of papers he had pulled from his back pocket. Several minutes passed before he apparently found the right page, at which point, a smile crossed his face as he peered out over the accumulated sleeping lumps of his fellow townspeople. A few were beginning to wake up — he could tell this by the loud belching and farting sounds. 
“Ah, the morning trumpets…” he giddily muttered. 
He leaned forward, as if attempting to speak through a microphone, even though there wasn’t one there. “Uh…attention, test, test…is this on? Can you hear me?” he said in a quivering, raspy voice. 
He then praised the gods of creation for bestowing upon him a low-center of gravity, or else he would have never been able to dodge the several thrown articles of footwear, rocks, and empty flagons that whizzed by his globular skull.
“Shut up, ya’ sod!” exclaimed a grizzly voice from behind the pub.
“Yes, yes, thank you,” replied the mayor, still smiling like a garden gnome. “Yes, right, down to business…uh, let me see.”
He started shuffling through the same pile of papers ― having already forgotten what he came to the platform to say. Several minutes passed, before a smile returned to his face. 
After deftly avoiding a few more missiles, he began to speak again. 
“Uh, be it as it were, and as it was, and as it might…could, possibly be, and being as it can, maybe, should be…it brings me great honor and aforethought, as it were, that I, your humble and loyal mayor, being of sound mind and bodily fluids…and just as lofty as any average person of my tallness might, conceivably be…” 
A loud, sustained belch, followed by a lobbed clump of moss ― which just barely missed his smiling pumpkin ― momentarily interrupted his train of thought and speaking abilities. 
After a quick glance around to see if anyone was reloading, he continued, “…Do hereby announce, pronounce, and solemnly swear, that I, being the Honorable Mayor Gristlepuss, Esquire, do declare this day…as an…unpaid holiday! Thank you. Thank you.” 
And with that, he quickly bowed, lightly clapped, smiled, and lumbered back to his mansion. The assembled crowd voiced their approval by loudly yawning and pawing at their private parts. 

Inside the pub, Farley Apropos was just waking up. He had a vicious headache, which is what happens when a person starts to hit the wood varnish too early in the night. He felt his stomach gurgle, but this was a happy gurgle, for it was quit full. He smacked his lips a few times, and spotting the pub’s owner, Joe Salver, lying on the floor with his arms wrapped around a large sleeping hog, decided to give him a swift kick.
“Aye, wake up, you ol’ poison merchant.”
“Wha…?” Joe slurred. His tongue was so numb and rancid that at first he thought a garden slug had crawled into his mouth during the night and died. “Huh…d’ya…what?”
“Get a pot goin’ will ya? My brain feels like moldy cheese…and I think my right arm is paralyzed,” Farley replied, while banging his unresponsive appendage repeatedly against the bar. “Floppy as me grandpa’s jowls it is! Look at that!”
Joe raised his head slightly. “Huh?”
“Me arm…it don’t feel nothing. Hey! What’d you put in that last jug we drank?”
“Same old stuff,” Joe replied, “Weed killer, I think. Say, what time is it?” 
“Time for morning tea,” Farley snapped back, while poking his arm with a fork. He looked upward and sighed, “It appears my new nickname will be ‘Lefty’ from here on out.”
Meanwhile, Joe was wiping a thick line of crust from his eyelids. He tried to raise himself up from the floor, but his arm was still stuck under the hog sleeping next to him. “Hey! My arm is paralyzed too!” he suddenly shouted, “I can’t feel a thing!”
Farley laughed, “Have a good look there, radish-brain. Your arm is trapped beneath Fred Mealy’s prize-winning hog. ‘Willow,’ me thinks its name is.” With that, Farley gave the sow a quick kick to its hindquarters, which produced a loud, piggish squeal from the sleepy beast. “Go on, now, Willow. Get back to your normal pig sty, and leave this one to us miscreants.”
With a good snort, the hog began to waddle to the door. 
“Aye,” Joe chirped, “thought that was me wife…cuddled up for a morning nap.”
Farley grunted, “That’s what happens when you marry a woman with a hairy back.”
Joe slowly stood up, rubbing his arm and blinking his crunchy eyelids. “Ya. I should’ve known the difference though, my wife snores twice as loud as that pig.”
The first ripples of sensation were returning to Farley’s arm ― so, he put down the butcher-knife. Seeing a cup of mysterious greenish-yellow liquid sitting on the bar, he took a deep breath. 
“Hair of the dog…” he murmured, and after removing the dead fly that was floating upon the surface, slurped the liquid down in one loud gulp. His eyes suddenly widened as his throat managed to squeak out a feeble wheeze. His knees buckled and he collapsed to the floor in a heap of spastic gyrations and strident hacking sounds. After coughing up a large fur ball, he slowly pulled himself back up against the bar.
“Whoa! That stuff kicks like a rabid mule,” he hiccupped, and spat out a few stray hairs.
“Ya,” Joe replied, “…and kills crabgrass, too.” 
The town priest suddenly walked through the door of the pub, with a loud: “Hullo, mutton heads!” 
Joe turned from the kettle of tea he was beginning to brew, and replied with a nod. Farley just stood at the bar and began foaming at the mouth. “Bah-la-la,” was the only response he could voice.
“That was some feast last night, huh?” the priest bellowed. 
Joe’s face wrinkled in agitation. He waved his hand to the vicar. “Down a notch, please, Honcho,” he whispered, “…t’was a long night.” 
The priest bobbed his head knowingly and glanced over at Farley, who winked and smiled as best he could with a cloud of foam pouring off his lips.
“Right, right,” the priest murmured. “Ah, yes…I remember my youth…many a night was spent imbibing life’s little nectars and wart-removing agents. Many a night indeed. Once, at a ministerial gathering, several of us apprentices whipped up a batch of embalming fluid so potent that it damn-near cauterized our tongues to the tops of our mouths. I was hung-over for a week, and spent several days believing that I was ‘Nefertiti: Queen of the Nile Crocodiles’. Ya, ya, those were the days…”
He smiled and turned to Farley, who shook his head in a happy motion, approving of the priest’s story, and acting as if nothing was out of the ordinary, even though he was slowly growing a large beard of froth. 
“Ablah-habla,” he gleefully replied, each syllable forming even more bubbles. 
“Yes, exactly,” Honcho said. “So, Joe, I was wondering if you might have some paprika and a bay leaf or two?”
Joe looked in a cabinet above the stove. “Hmm…I have the paprika, but no bay leaf.”
“Perfect!” Honcho exclaimed. After a quick glance around, he readjusted his vocal cords, and in a much softer voice, said, “I’m making horse liver stew for dinner tonight.”
“Oh…” Joe responded, while pouring a couple of flagons of tea, which he then slid to the other end of the bar.
“Yep, I was lucky enough to swipe the precious organ before the rest of you omnivorous reprobates had a chance to consume it last night. Ha-ha,” he loudly laughed, sounding like a parrot with a bad case of avian flu.
“Care for a cup, Honcho?” Joe asked.
The priest nodded yes. After a serving was presented, he and Joe sipped lightly on the hot liquid, while Farley just sat there and slowly poured it over his head. One of his eyes was nearly closed, while the other bulged outward ― apparently trying to make a break for it. He foamed on and smiled.
“It’s been so long since I’ve had horse liver stew. It’s a specialty of mine, y’know? I learned the recipe from a Mongol hag by the name of FoonYa, who used to cook all of our meals at the monastery, well…that is…before the whole dachshund casserole incident.” 
He took another sip of the steaming tea and noticed a small, puffy pile of bubbles slowly creeping across the bar. “I only wish I had one of those new-fangled, slow-cooking crock pots with which to cook with. Oh! How scrumptious my stewy endeavors would truly be.”
Joe silently nodded, but didn’t have the faintest idea what Honcho el Grande was talking about. 
Farley suddenly looked around as if hearing someone in the distance calling out his name. He gobbled a series of foam-drenched turkey calls in response.
“These new electric pots have a temperature control so precise, that one can slow-cook a two pound horse-butt in no time, and best of all, clean up is fast and easy due to its non-stick cooking surface.” Honcho looked up to the ceiling. A heavenly peace covered his face. 
Joe glanced up to see if maybe a bat was nesting in the joists. His mind was beginning to clear a little as the rising sun began to peek through the many holes in the tavern’s ceiling and walls. “Honcho, what’cha think about that stranger? Think what he said was true?” he asked. 
 “Hmm…” The priest’s forehead furrowed. “Don’t know, maybe. These are dark days indeed, and a foul wind blows from out of the west.”
Joe took another drink. “That’s just Mealy’s hog farm.”
“No, my friend, there is a storm brewing as well. The lord of these lands, King Cornswallow, is testing his powers. There are battles beyond those swamps that we never hear about, battles to gain power over this region…absolute power.”
“Hmmpf,” Joe responded, beginning to wipe the pile of foam from the bar. “Cornswallow…never heard of him.”
“He is our king now, whether or not you’ve heard of him. He defeated the Allegorian horde of Duke Heimlich at the battle of Septic Meadows.”
Joe suddenly jumped up. “Duke Heimlich is dead?!”
“Ya…he was killed in battle by a man armed with a goat.”
“And the Heimlich Dynasty is no more?!”
“Nope,” Honcho replied matter-of-factly.
Joe threw the soaked towel at a trash bin near the stove. He took a large mouthful of the tea and swallowed hard. “Well, that would explain why they canceled my newspaper subscription.”
Honcho nodded in agreement. Joe went to the stove to pour another cup, while Farley began to chase an invisible squirrel around the pub.
“I will say this, though,” Honcho peeped, “He did say something that intrigued me. Now, don’t get me wrong, the idea of filling my belly with a ton of horse flesh is always far more stimulating than what some dandy lion has to say about anything, but…”
Joe leaned upon the bar, listening closely. Farley, meanwhile, was under a pile of boxes trying to corner a delusion, and squawking like a Latvian swamp goose.
“When he said that he was from Allegoria, and had visited the one-legged trolls of Razzle-Bazzle, well, that was…quite surprising.”
“Why so?”
Honcho leaned in just a smidgeon and lowered his voice. “Well, near Poutsland is a cave with three witches, their names are ‘Tweedle-duh’, ‘Tweedle-doh’, and ‘Tweedle-deeeaw’. While pronouncing the witches’ names, he made several strange faces ― closing one eye while opening the other wide, contorting his mouth, and producing several spasmodic gestures with his arms and hands. “Anyway, these witches are friends with the one-legged trolls of Razzle-Bazzle, and they can see into the future due to their close relationship with an old wizard on Mount Gagglehorn, who just so happens to have a very powerful stone that some say controls time itself.”
“Right,” Joe smirked, “and Farley there is the new pope.”
“Just trying my best to foreshadow,” Honcho replied, taking another drink. “I’m in with the big guy, y’see?” He lifted his thumb upward with a knowing look upon his blotchy bobber. “That’s why I’m so acquainted with…” he then leaped to his feet and dramatically pointed to the door, “…the future!”
He stood there, still pointing, when he noticed that Farley was now outside and wearing a flour sack as a cloak, and a water bucket as a hat.
“What the hell is Farley doing?” he asked.
Joe approached the door, and quickly realized what had happened. “He must’a overheard me saying that he was the next pope.”
“Oh...”
They peered through the doorway and saw Farley ― his chin, neck, and chest, completely covered in foam. He was staggering around each of the sleeping lumps in the street, and after haughtily waving a chicken leg over them, blessed each one by loudly chanting: “Bah-lah, bahba, bah-la, bah-ba, boo-lah-boo.”

*****

There was one resident of Timbrook that had inadvertently missed out on the great feast the night before, and the amazing entrance of Oldsmobill — as well as his rather unceremonious exit. Johann O’Really was his name, and whereas the rest of the townspeople awoke with bellies full of roasted horsemeat and assorted fungicides, he was waking up under a tree with an empty stomach and a crick in his neck.
He yawned and made several contortions of his body, which produced a number of loud cracking sounds. He was stoutly built, and though a bit shorter than average, was certainly tall enough to meet the minimum height requirements for most amusement park rides. He had a round, pleasant face that usually had one or two dirty smudges across it at acute angles. He was wearing a black hoodie with some faded writing on the front, which read: “Property of the Valdorlok Monastery Athletic Dept.” 
His bottom-half was covered by a pair of burlap pants that were frayed along the bottom cuffs, as well as a pair of shoes that looked as if two muddy rodents had swallowed his feet. 
After treating his body like one large knuckle ― followed by several minutes of intense scratching ― he took two steps forward and tripped over an exposed tree root. He waved his arms about in the air, before collapsing in a heap at the base of the tree. He then sighed, and began wiping the wet leaves and mud out of his eyes while attempting to get back to his feet. It was at that point that he banged the top of his head on a low branch, which caused him to lurch forward and trip over a large rock, which next led to him becoming entangled in a small bush, where he slipped again and fell into a large puddle of mud.
For several minutes he just lay there — figuring it would be safer that way. 
“Jeez!” he barked, “This is no way to seize the day.” 
He was just about to step out of the puddle when he suddenly heard what he could have sworn was a muffled giggle.
He stood up and wiped his face with his shirtsleeve, which did little good, but perhaps was worth the effort. The giggling sound had begun to rise in volume and Johann’s bruised bean started to swivel back and forth to see where it was coming from. He quickly noticed that each time he pivoted his head in one direction or another, the giggling seemed to increase. Soon, it had become a fit of uproarious laughter and it was at that point that Johann spotted the culprit.
About thirty feet away, crouched behind a small wiggleberry bush was a slim, muscular man with blonde hair and slightly darker roots. He was quite dirty and almost completely naked except for a bundle of swamp grass that was tied about his waist. The strange-looking figure was pointing at Johann, and occasionally even looked directly at him between bouts of uncontrollable laughter.
“Wha’…?!” Johann cried out, “You think that’s funny, huh?!” 
The stranger paused briefly. He stared intently at Johann, but his mouth started to quiver in rhythmic waves until he couldn’t hold it any longer. Soon, his laughing was at full volume again. 
Johann rubbed his hands across his scalp ― an action he often did when his blood was starting to boil ― but a quarter of the way across his average-sized skull, he felt a large chunk of mud, topped off by a nice divot of moss. He angrily pushed the makeshift hat off of his head and peered over at the laughing stranger, who was too busy holding his stomach and slapping his knee. 
“Funny, huh…yeah, we’ll see…” Johann hissed. His anger began to swell up inside him. His face ― though nicely concealed beneath the mud, and bramble, and leaves ― was turning beet red. ‘I may be a bit clumsy,’ he thought, ‘but I’m sure as hell not going to let some nude man covered in swamp juice and a few strands of grass laugh at me’. He began to scan the ground for a large stick or rock to hit the offender with.
The stranger noticed this action and raised his head up to see what Johann was doing. He went so far as to get up on his tippy-toes to get a better look. “What are you doing now?” he asked.
“Looking for something to crack your skull with,” Johann replied in a strangely straightforward manner.
The stranger’s eyes widened and he became very quiet. He wiped the remaining tears of laughter from his face and slowly took a couple of steps back ― all the while making sure that he kept one hand upon his belt of turf for fear of it falling down. 
“Please, sir,” he pleaded, “do not crack my skull with some foreign object. I meant you no harm.”
Johann looked over at the strange figure. “Who are you?” he demanded, “and what right have you got to laugh at me?”
The stranger stopped his slow retreat and rose from his slightly crouched position. “What do you mean?” he asked.
Johann now started laughing himself. “I mean…well, I may have woke up on the wrong side of the root this morning, but at least I don’t have to traipse around the swamps wearing only a swamp-grass kilt.” Having said that, Johann pointed at the man’s midsection. “I mean, really, how can you laugh at me when you can’t even afford a proper loin cloth?”
The stranger sadly bowed his head, but within seconds, seemed to find some type of confidence return from within. He proudly stuck his chin out and raised his head a few degrees upward. 
“I am Oldsmobill!” he bellowed. “I come from Allegoria, past the western mountains of Ouji, and beyond the Ham-o-gram River. I was given a mission to come to Timbrook and build a stronghold.”
Johann rolled his eyes. After a few moments of rather uncomfortable silence, he resumed his search for a weapon. 
“What are you doing now?” Oldsmobill asked.
“I’m looking for something to crack your skull with,” he replied in the same monotone as before.
“But, why?” 
“Because you’re obviously as nutty as squirrel dung,” Johann replied, never even bothering to look up.
Olds put both his hands to his mouth in a vain attempt to squelch a faint squeak. His eyes bugged out of his skull. Sweat began to pour down his forehead — and like other moving bodies of water ― brought with it a variety of silt, mud, and other debris across his face. 
It was at that precise moment that the tuft of grass covering his genitalia suddenly fell to his ankles.
Johann was still searching and mumbling to himself about two things: the first was how he wasn’t going to let some refugee from a cheap theatrical version of ‘Tarzan’ ruin his day by laughing at his obvious lack of deftness, and the second was how you can never find a good rock when you really, really need one. He glanced over his shoulder to see if his target was still within range and caught a glimpse of Oldsmobill’s poor basket-weaving skills.
“Hey!” he yelled, “What are you trying to do, give me a reputation?”
Olds, suddenly realizing his lack of covering, quickly bent down to retrieve his green, fibrous underwear. Unfortunately, as he tried to pull the grassy bundle upward, it all fell apart in his hands. “Oh, dear…” he cheeped, before quickly covering his manhood with his muddy paws and pleading with Johann, “Oh, please, kind sir, could you spare a few threads on a poor, down-on-his-luck, knight-errant on a mission?”
Johann looked upon the dirty, crumpled figure that was now crouching like a schoolgirl desperately needing to urinate. Even though the whole laughing bit had caused a vein or two to pop out on Johann’s temple, he was beginning to calm down, and although the stranger was obviously insane, he didn’t seem to be particularly harmful. Still, Johann pondered the possibilities. He couldn’t decide if he should run, give the guy a pair of pants, or just put him out of his misery with a large, blunt object.
The stout, little rumbler sighed and walked back to the tree that he had slept under the night before. He reached inside a brown knapsack and pulled out a shirt made of burlap and a pair of faded, gray, jogging pants. Olds smiled and repeatedly thanked Johann for being so kind. “Bless you, bless you…” he bubbled.
“Don’t mention it…please,” Johann replied. 
As they began to walk back to the tree, Johann glanced down and spied a perfectly-round and smooth rock, which just so happened to be the perfect size and shape to launch at some naked idiot’s head. 
He sighed and rolled his eyes. “Wouldn’t you know it?” he mumbled to himself.

Approaching the tree, Oldsmobill and Johann cordially greeted each other. Olds apologized again for his laughing, but as he explained, it had been a rough night for him, and after all he had been through, he just needed a good laugh. Johann accepted his apology and offered him a few tasty berries, seeds and roots from a small bag that lay next to his bedroll. Olds was starving, and gladly partook of the meager rations.
 While he nibbled, he told Johann of his many adventures. He spoke of how he had been born in a diminutive hovel near the small hamlet of Pooch, in Allegoria. But, when he was ten, he was taken captive by a warlord of the area by the name of Count Vacuous, who was looking for new recruits to join his Royal Drum Squad. While staying at the castle, and learning to play the snare drum, Olds was given a good education by the monks that lived there. They trained him in the arts of spiritual meditation, reading, writing, and aromatherapy. He also learned how to make chocolate brownies, but since there was never any chocolate around, they had to use ground-up rodent spleens instead. 
At sixteen, he was required to go into the army, which he did, but in his first test, at the famous battle of Cow-Pie Knoll, Count Vacuous’ army was thoroughly trounced by that of another local warlord, who called himself ‘King Piddy the Fair’. Olds was subsequently imprisoned by the victorious king before being let out on a work-release program.
His voice lifted a bit, “That’s how I met Master Bates!”
Johann listened, and occasionally nodded his head and said things like “Uh-huh,” “Ya,” and “Oh,” but he really didn’t believe anything Oldsmobill was saying. He continued this routine, while nibbling a few berries and drawing circles in the dirt with a half-eaten stick.
“Now, the Master is an accomplished magician and knows so many things…like how to throw a curve-ball, and how to convince a fruit bat that you’re its cousin, and how to read the prophecies found in groundhog droppings. He used to tell me of how he had seen the future, and how everything seemed to revolve around televised sporting matches and the price of something called ‘gas-o-leen’.”
“Really? How does he know what the future holds?”
“Well,” Olds replied, “There is a magical stone, that he said allows a person to see into the future. In fact, he told me that because this stone was kept in this region for so long, it has caused many of us to get small glimpses of the future and the past, without even realizing it.”
“Hmm, well I don’t know anything about that. Although, I do see myself walking over to that tree in a few moments and using the bathroom behind it. Is that a premonition or just an educated guess?” Johann queried.
Olds nodded, “No, I think that’s just you picking out a nice spot to leave your mark.”
Johann looked upward and smirked. “So, anyway, why did you decide to come to Timbrook?”
“Well,” Olds perked up, “I’m glad you asked that, y’see, I was supposed to go to the village of Rottweillor, but I couldn’t, and since the second part of my mission was to go to Timbrook. Well…I decided to do the second part first, instead.”
Johann, with a puzzled look upon his face, asked: “So, why didn’t you go to Rottweillor first?”
“I couldn’t get there,” Olds sighed. “All the roads were closed due to a frog convention.”
After a smile and a shrug, he began to tell Johann of the events that had happened the night before. His voice took on a mixture of anger and sadness with the telling. He relayed how he had rode into town, and how the people of Timbrook were somewhat unimpressed by his ‘call to arms.’ He spoke of how they had stolen his clothes, and money, and all of his other possessions, defamed his sword, and then jettisoned his naked body over the precipitous ridge.
He recalled the initial rush of terror that consumed him as he was flying in the air and the eventual agony that gravity, and landing, usually brings. Several hours later, he awoke in a large, muddy, shallow pond. After spending most of the night fighting his way through the soft, thick sludge to the shore ― he had passed out. He awoke early that morning, but had spent most of the day just going around in circles.
“They probably ate your horse,” Johann abruptly stated. 
Olds stopped chewing and stared in disbelief at Johann. “What makes you say that?” 
“Because I’m from Timbrook,” he replied, “and it sounds like something I’d do.”
Olds stood there for a moment and silently gaped. He then looked down and started rubbing his foot into the dark peat. “My goodness,” he softly spoke, “He was such a good horse…a magnificent creature to behold. His name was ‘Rosin Andy’, and he was supposedly trained by the finest horseman in all of Europe…from the town of Kayavolka, near the Steppes. I can’t remember the trainer’s name, but that is what Sir Mulva, the Mauve Knight told me. He gave the horse to me as a reward for besting him at several board games. Oh! I was so proud...”
Olds turned and stared into the swamp. It was just about noon, and the sun sent numerous rays of light through the leafy canopy. He heard birds singing and frogs chirping. 
“He would jump over any obstacle…come to your aid with just a whistle, and even fetch your boots if you rewarded him with a biscuit or the occasional pork rind. He was as strong as steel and as fast as a warthog late for a hot date with a shapely tree trunk. He was as black as a moonless night, and tall, majestic, and muscular. A real sight to behold, he was.”
“Tall, majestic, and muscular, you say?” 
“Yes! The most magnificent creature I have ever seen!”
“Yea,” Johann replied, slowly nodding his head, “they definitely ate him.” 
He was about to say how much he hated missing out on such a feast, but he noticed that Olds had suddenly turned and picked up a large tree limb from off the ground ― and in a quick and determined pace ― started walking northward, in the general direction of Timbrook. His face was clenched like a blood-red fist, and his eyes had narrowed into two thin slits. 
“W-where are you going?” Johann asked, quickly rising to his feet.
Olds didn’t slow a step. “I’m going back to Timbrook…” he loudly sneered.
Johann began to follow. “B-but why?” he asked, quickening his pace to catch up. He stopped abruptly when Olds suddenly turned. The knight’s angular mug was covered with rage. His knuckles were white, and tightly wrapped around the club.
“Why?” he shouted back, “So that I can go on a killing spree…that will most likely go down in history!” He quickly turned and resumed his pace.
“B-but, you can’t…” Johann yelped, but before he could finish, Olds had swung around again, and began screaming.
“Can’t?” Can’t what? Can’t kill every thing in that village that walks, crawls, slithers or squirms…which, by the way, I think includes well over half the population! What? I can’t repay them for all that they did to me! Can’t?! Can’t make those…those…vicious little horse-eaters understand that they RUINED MY LIFE!” A deep, pronounced, primal scream unexpectedly ended his statement, and caused numerous birds to flutter wildly about in the swamp, as well as inadvertently causing one elderly wombat to have a sudden heart attack.
“Look, Johann, you seem like a nice person, and I thank you for the clothes, but I’m not going to let them get away with what they did to me!” He turned again and started walking ― knocking several small bushes out of the way with his crude weapon, while kicking others with his bare feet. “I’m sorry. I have to do what I have to do.” He lifted his head up, shook the club in the air, and shouted: “…And murder, my friend, is on today’s agenda!”
Johann tried his best to keep up, but he kept losing his left shoe in the thick mud. Every two steps or so, he’d have to stop and go back to retrieve it. 
“Wait!” he cried out.
“Death waits for no scoundrel!”
Johann knew he had to do something quick. He slipped his shoe on again and noticed that Olds was beginning to disappear into the trees beyond the swamp. Then, a thought hit the little Timbrookian like a low-flying duck.
He shouted, “But, what about the prophecy?” 
His voice echoed through the swamp. He stood there transfixed. His foot hovered in the air as a large clump of mud kept his toes from going all the way into the grubby piece of footwear. 
When he saw Oldsmobill coming back, he slowly fell back into the mud, producing a loud ‘slorpsh’ sound upon impact.
“Prophesy?” Olds asked. 
At first, the Timbrookian thought that he had bought his fellow townsfolk a reprieve, but as the angry figure neared him ― with the same enraged expression on his face, and still wielding a club ― Johann thought that maybe he had only come back so that he could start his killing spree of Timbrookians ― with him. Johann blinked his eyes several times and loudly gulped. 
“Uh, well…you said you were on a quest, r-right?” He curled the corners of his mouth into something resembling a smile. Olds kept marching towards him.
“Yea, a mission that those filthy little bastards completely ruined!” he yelled back.
“Yes, well…” Johann dropped his shoe and pleaded with his hands, “Uh, maybe that was part of…the mission.” He smiled again, happy, that in his fear and confusion he was still able to spit out a somewhat audible sentence. 
Olds stopped in front of him. His expression had changed from murderous rage to one of contemplation, and then suspicion, and then on down the line to finally one of confusion. 
“What?” he asked.
“Well, you said you were told to come here, right?” 
“Yes.”
“But…” he waved his finger in the air and then slipped the muddy shoe around his foot. The cool mud squished between his toes. “You weren’t told what the townspeople’s reaction would be, right?”
“No, but I don’t see…”
“Look, maybe this…all of this…was supposed to happen.”
Olds stood back, his face had calmed somewhat. His heartbeat had slowed, but a frown gradually began to return to his brow. 
Johann, seeing this, thought to himself, ‘Uh-oh, I’m losing him...’ He quickly kept talking before the idea evaporated inside his head. “Like a test, or something.”
Olds looked around. His lips pursed and curled as if forming words that never quite made it past his larynx.  After a few seconds, he turned and glared at the man’s bubbly face, before suddenly turning back around and staring into the swamp. His fingers rubbed his jaw, then pointed, then scratched his head, then started rubbing his jaw again. This went on for quite some time as he slowly paced in a little oval. 
“A test…a test,” Olds repeated, “A…test?”
Johann raised his eyebrows in his best ‘No mom, I didn’t take the last cookie’ expression. “Yes. Look, you came here with everything. A great sword, beautiful armor, plenty of cash, even a magnificent…uh…uh…” 
He saw Olds quickly shoot him a fierce glance. 
“…uh, unit of animal transportation,” he said and winced, “But, maybe…you needed to be tested by losing those things…and then…”
Olds dropped the club. He looked upon Johann with amazement. “That would explain why I was never told about any of this.” 
Johann shook his head in rapid agreement, while Olds came closer. He put his hand upon the little man’s shoulder, quickly withdrew it, looked at the thick layer of mud now upon it, and wiped it on a tree. He leaned in a bit closer to him, making damn sure that he didn’t touch his dinginess.
“Y’know, that’s what’s been bugging me the most through this whole ordeal. I kept thinking…why would I be sent here and then humiliated like this for no reason? I mean…it never made any sense.”
Johann kept up the silent smiling routine. It seemed to be working.
“Until now, that is. Thank you…friend.” He started to pat Johann on the arm, but at the last second, thought better of it.
Olds beamed as he slowly walked back to Johann’s little campsite. He began to softly laugh. “Y’know, I don’t think the Shrub-Gods of Quix would be very pleased if I went into that town and exacted vengeance upon those people.”
“Probably not,” Johann replied, having to stop again to get his shoe.
“No, I don’t think ‘mass-murderer’ is something that they would want to see on my résumé.”
“Heh…not likely.”
“Nor would they be very impressed by me burning the entire town down to the ground.”
“Nope,” Johann replied, skipping a bit to catch up, “Besides…Timbrook’s not that high off the ground to begin with.”

They returned to the camp and nibbled on the last of Johann’s supply of trail mix. While sitting there, Oldsmobill bobbed about on a sea of emotions. He tried to be happy, but would start sobbing uncontrollably. He suddenly stood up and stared deep into the swamp with a look of rage returning to his eyes. He hissed and sneered through his tight lips: “thieves,” “idiots,” “malcontents,” and “wankers.” He had one long cry, one long primal scream (causing another wombat heart-attack), a few moments of using a large stick to beat the trunk of an unsuspecting cypress tree, followed by several bouts of sheer hysteria —complete with rolling around on the ground while kicking and screaming. 
Johann meanwhile, built a small fire and went about hanging a few of his garments, especially his shoes, from the low limbs of the tree to dry. He didn't waste too much time doing this, for when one is in a swamp, one’s clothes are almost always damp. He just occupied himself with this futile task while Olds let it all out.
The Timbrookian lay back against the tree, wearing only a thin, frayed shirt and a pair of baggy boxers that were adorned with numerous bright red hearts. He looked over at Olds, who was lying face down in a puddle of mud. His low sobs made big, slow bubbles emanate from the thick goop. It was nearly quiet now — except for the occasional plop of Olds’ bubbles — and Johann gradually closed his eyes. He felt a ray of light softly touch his face, as his ears picked up the myriad of sounds from the surrounding swamp. Crickets and frogs were chirping and croaking. Birds were calling and answering their kind. Leaves rustled around in the slight breeze that blew in from the west.
It was a symphony to Johann. That’s why he loved hanging out there― amid the sounds of nature and the cool shade of the trees. He enjoyed getting out of the small town and having the opportunity to lie back and listen for a while. He smiled. He was glad that he had missed the feast, and all that noise, but he was somewhat sorry that he hadn’t witnessed Oldsmobill proudly riding into town upon his great stead. He would have like to have seen that. Johann continued to smile as he closed his eyes and opened his ears.
Meanwhile, Olds rolled over in the pool of ooze. He spat the mud out of his mouth and wiped it away from his eyes and nose. Lifting his head, he glanced over at Johann and saw that the Timbrookian was resting against the tree and apparently smiling a little. Oldsmobill lowered his head back into the mud and stared up at the entangled branches of the swamp’s canopy. He didn’t hear the sounds of the surrounding wildlife, for his ears were submerged in the cool mud. All he heard was absolute silence, broken only by the sound of his own beating heart.
He stared and collected his thoughts. He was more than tired; he was totally exhausted by what the last twenty-four hours had thrown at him, and the emotional toil it had taken to overcome it. No longer angry or sad, or feeling much of anything at all, except for a comforting calmness, he felt drained of all of his emotions and inner strength. ‘Maybe this truly is some type of test,’ he thought, ‘to see how I deal with adversity…’ 
He took a deep breath and began to think about what he should do next. 
Up until yesterday, he had a mission in his life. Now, all he had was a borrowed burlap shirt, a pair of jogging pants, and two cold, shoeless feet.
He slowly rose up out of the thick mud.  He felt his confidence gradually return, and he began to smile. ‘Of course,’ he thought to himself, ‘no one ever told me this was going to be easy.’ 
He looked up at the sun and felt his confidence slowly return, followed closely behind by another feeling — a familiar emotion that gradually brought a small smile to his face. He wasn’t quite sure what it actually was, but it always seemed to be with him. 
He began to smile even more and his bright teeth shined beneath the mask of mud. He did still have a mission to do. He may have been sidetracked, or tested, or whatever, but he still had a quest, and by all that was holy and not date-stamped, he was going to see it accomplished. It was then that Oldsmobill finally came to understand what that constant feeling was. The word slipped into his mind and he whispered it to himself. 
“Hope.” 
He trudged over to a small pool of water and began washing himself off.  A look of peaceful satisfaction filled his face. 

About an hour later, Johann awoke. He hadn’t meant to fall asleep, but the soothing sounds of nature had calmed him to the point of dozing off. He slowly opened his eyes and saw Oldsmobill poking the small fire with a stick. He soon realized that the down-on-his-luck knight must have tried drying his clothes above the fire as well, for they were all singed a little around the edges. Johann yawned, and leaning up, saw a nice stack of dry clothes next to him. They were folded quite nicely. 
“Thank you, Oldsmobill.” he cheerfully said.
“They were beginning to smolder,” the burlap knight laughed.
“No problem, I’ve heard that the burning smell of sweat-drenched clothes wards off predators and most flying insects.” 
Johann stretched and yawned. He began packing up his little campsite, which was only a very thin bedroll (stuffed with straw and old belly-button lint), a couple of pots and pans, some eating utensils, and a small wooden bowl that had “The Olympic Games of 1120” engraved on the side. 
Olds stared at the fire, thinking that he might be saying goodbye at this point. He knew that he couldn’t return to Timbrook, for fear of what he might do. But, after a few moments, he came to realize that Johann didn’t seem very interested in returning there either. 
“How about we move to the east?” Johann chirped. “I’ve been tracking a nice flock of quail. The last time I saw them, they were heading in that direction.” He pointed toward a small marshy area that looked a little drier than where they were.
“Quail sounds great!” Olds responded. He nodded his head rapidly while rubbing his gurgling belly. He offered to carry some of the utensils, as well as Johann’s bedroll, and they started off eastward. Each of their footsteps made loud ‘slish-slorking’ sounds as they sank ankle-deep in the mud of the swamp. 
“Don’t worry, the footing’s better once we go about fifty or so paces.” Johann said, having pulled his shoes off and now holding them in his hands.
They traveled through the swamp and then through a marshy area that was full of grass. Slowly, the grassy area turned into a forest. Within an hour or so, the soggy turf and occasional pools of water began to vanish, replaced by firm, moist soil, tall trees, and layers of dead leaves and pine needles. The musty, decaying odor of the wetlands was taken over by the vibrant, acrid smell of pine and cedar.  They took the opportunity to acquaint themselves with one another, and they spoke freely in a light and casual way, though most of the conversation was about the weather and how best to slow-roast a polecat.
Frequently during their journey, Johann would reach down and pick up a nice-sized rock or stick, and slip it into a leather pouch that he wore around his shoulder. 
They rested a few moments on a large log and Johann pulled a shirt out of his pack, along with a bit of twine. “Now, that we’re in the forest, you’ll need a little covering for your feet…them pine needles are mothers on the soles.” He handed the cloth and twine to Olds and said: “Here, wrap them with this, it’ll help a little.”
After another fifty paces or so, Johann suddenly stopped and held his hand up. He slowly looked at Olds and whispered a shushing sound, before turning and staring at a large boulder flanked by two leafy krunchberry bushes. 
“See that big rock over there, between those two bushes?’ Johann whispered. 
Olds nodded in the affirmative. 
“There’s a flock on the other side, probably 10 to 12 birds, I reckon. I heard them cooing as we walked up…wait a bit…hear that?”
Olds leaned his right ear toward the boulder. He didn’t hear anything except for a nearby salamander being bullied by a toad. 
He nodded ‘yes’ anyway.
“Ya gotta be careful,” Johann added, “they’re clever little birds.” He turned and focused his attention on the rock for a few silent seconds, before once again turning to Olds. “But,” he added, “I’m smarter.” He accentuated that statement with a smile so big, it looked as if he was gnawing on a watermelon rind.
Olds grinned and nodded again. After all of the calamity that had been bestowed upon him the last few hours, he was hoping for a big meal. He was very hungry; and seeds, berries, and roots just weren’t cutting it. Suddenly, he pictured Johann in a new light and perceived the squat, soggy mongrel as being a great hunter. Olds felt comforted by this thought. There was no doubt that Johann was good at tracking down his prey, he thought, and certainly knew his way around these parts. 
Slowly crouching down, Olds was careful not to rustle any leaves. He watched, as Johann methodically crept up to the boulder like a great cat stalking its quarry.
‘What an opportunity,’ the blonde trooper pondered, ‘to see a true hunter in action.’ He had heard of such men — adventurous types, men of quick action and cunning, with an impeccable natural instinct. They were called many things: ‘mountain men,’ ‘forest rangers,’ and ‘tree-huggers’ ― rustic men who had come to know the ancient ways of nature and the importance of protecting the woodlands from further urban expansion.
Johann lightly stepped closer and closer. As he neared the boulder, he silently reached into his pouch. 
Olds’ skull slowly ticked diagonally. A look of confusion began to cover his face, as his ever-suspicious left eyebrow rose slightly. 
Johann took two short, stealthy steps, before he inadvertently stepped upon a fallen branch. A loud ‘crack’ echoed through the forest. A flock of a dozen or so birds immediately took flight. At the first sound of flapping wings, and twittering calls of distress, Johann ran after the flock and began to throw handfuls of rocks at the fleeing quail. The projectiles bounced off of nearby trees, and the boulder, and ricocheted in every direction. One whizzed past Oldsmobill’s head, which caused him to quickly duck. When Johann ran out of rocks, he threw a few sticks, a clump of dirt, a couple of chicken bones, a rusty can-opener, and finally, each one of his shoes, at the fleeing birds.
“Dammit!” he shouted, while watching the fowl disappear into the woods. Not a single one had even been grazed by his arsenal of flung objects.
Olds slumped and sighed. ‘Was there just one person from the entire town of Timbrook that had the brains of a hedgehog?’ he asked himself. He looked down at a stray chicken bone that now lay at his feet, ‘Nope…probably not.’
Johann turned, still cursing. “I told you those birds were clever! Did you see how that one curved to the left? Clever birds! Clever, clever, clever…!”
Olds bit his lip, but couldn’t hold it. “Geez!” he cried, “You didn’t even come close!”
Johann stopped in his tracks and looked dumbfounded. “Huh?”
“You call that hunting?” Olds loudly asked.
“Yes!” Johann defiantly shouted back.
Olds sighed again. “Look, sneaking up on few birds and throwing rocks at them is not hunting! It is just…sneaking up on a few birds and throwing rocks at them!” 
“Hey! I’ll have you know that I am the greatest hunter in all of Timbrook!” Johann proudly replied, “Ask anybody!”
Olds sat down on the ground. “Good Lord, how?” 
“Because I’m good at sneaking up on ‘em.” 
Olds just laughed. “First of all, you’re not exceptionally skilled at even that, but regardless, what good does that do? I mean, you would’ve had just a good a chance of hitting one of those birds from way back here…I mean, if all you’re gonna do is chuck stones and chicken bones at ‘em!” 
Johann curled his lips and meekly muttered, “Well…” He then sighed and began to look around the area with an irritated look upon his face. After several minutes of searching through a patch of undergrowth, and around a few logs and tufts of grass, he narrowed his eyes and stuck his tongue out the corner of his mouth. Hesitantly, he looked back and asked, “Hey, Olds, can you do me a favor?”
“What?”
“You didn’t happen to see where my shoes went did you?”

After about fifteen minutes, they found Johann’s grubby footwear. One was lodged in the hole of a tree trunk, while the other was found dangling in a nearby shrub. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll get us something to eat before nightfall,” the stout little Timbrookian spouted. 
Oldsmobill was busy sharpening a stick with a pocketknife he had borrowed from Johann. “Really? Y’gonna start launching pots and pans at your next target?”
“No…but, hey! That’s not a bad idea though!” He busied himself finding a large club-like tree limb, after which, he waved it in the air and exclaimed: “I’m really good at fishing!”
They both wandered over to a small pond where Johann showed Oldsmobill his fishing technique — which basically consisted of Johann wading into the water up to his knees and fiercely striking the surface repeatedly with the large club. Water engulfed him and even splashed on a bemused Oldsmobill sitting on the bank. 
Not a single stunned fish rose to the surface.
After seeing Johann’s hunting and fishing prowess firsthand, and feeling rather under-whelmed by the whole debacle, Olds decided that he had better take matters into his own hands or they would both eventually starve to death. He gathered several sticks and stones, and quickly showed Johann how to make such weapons as a bow and arrow, a slingshot, a spear, and a fishing pole with a line and a hook. 
The materials he used to fashion these devices were primitive, as were the devices themselves; but even so, Johann took some time to catch on to how such weaponry worked. 
“No, the other way,” Olds declared, pointing at the quickly constructed bow and arrow that Johann was trying to figure out. 
“What?” 
“The pointy part of the arrow goes in the other direction. The end with the feathers goes towards you.”
“Oh,” Johann laughingly responded, “I was wondering how you kept it on the string.”
That evening they ate several perch and a catfish. Most were caught with a sharp, pronged spear, but Johann did manage to catch the catfish with a long pole, some twine, and a hook made from a safety pin he had kept in a little travel-sized sewing kit. To accompany their feast, Johann had collected some hairy tubers that smelled like  gangrenous feet, but when boiled, tasted like sweet yams. Johann had also collected some savory herbs and pine needles that he made a nice pot of tea with. 
“So, tell me Johann,” Olds asked, while nibbling on a fish bone,” you being the best hunter in all of Timbrook…which, pardon me for saying, isn’t that impressive…I was wondering…how many times have you actually killed something?”
Johann peered upward. He was chewing a mouthful of mash. After he had swallowed it, he replied: “You mean something that isn’t already dead?”
Olds leaned back, “Yes, for instance, how many quail have you actually caught using your…uh, technique?”
“A few,” Johann snapped.
“Well, how many is that?”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Johann reached for the wooden spit and pulled off a large, blackened perch and placed it in his bowl.
“Thirty?” Olds persisted.
“Well…”
“Twenty?”
“Well…”
“Ten?” he asked, “Surely the greatest hunter in Timbrook has killed at least ten quail in his lifetime.”
Johann took a bite of the perch, followed closely by a large spoonful of the mash. “Hmm…” he finally replied in an evasive tone.
“Five?” Olds asked.
Johann just hummed.
“Have you ever killed anything?”
The Timbrookian smiled, “Sure, I have. Hey, I wasn’t lying when I said I was the greatest hunter in all of Timbrook. That’s my title. No one knows my real last name. They all call me ‘Johann the Hunter.’
Olds moaned, “I see…” 
Johann pointed a spoon at Olds’ skeptical expression. “Do you think that I would still be hunting that way if I hadn’t ever killed anything?”
“I don’t know,” Oldsmobill chuckled, “what did you kill?”
“Well,” Johann brashly answered, “One time…one of the rocks I tossed at a group of sparrows ricocheted off a tree…and beaned an unsuspecting chipmunk.”
Olds started to laugh. “Impressive.”
“The little bugger was hiding in a small bush about ten feet away.”
“Very impressive.”
“I stumbled upon it…luckily…while I was looking for one of my shoes.”
They both started to laugh at this and Olds took a long drink of the flavorful tea Johann had made. “I can see why the people of Timbrook are such big wood-eaters,” he laughed.
“Yea,” Johann replied, “it’s a lot easier to catch.”

After cleaning up the utensils and bowls, and packing away the leftovers, Olds asked him about his life. Johann was busy making another pot of tea and he looked up for a second with a strange look in his eyes. He smirked and continued to put the herbs and needles into the boiling water.
“It’s a long story,” he hesitantly replied. He pulled the black hoodie off his head and ran his fingers through the rollicking mess of his dark-haired scalp. Several twigs and bristles and berries fell upon his shoulders.
Olds leaned back against the log. “I like long stories,” he said, and then added, “I mean, if you don’t mind telling it.”
“No, no…it’s just… no one’s ever asked me for my story.” 
He was right about that, too. Everyone in Timbrook knew his story, and his family’s story, and no strangers to the area ever stayed long enough to ask anything other than ‘May I use the bathroom by that stump?’ or ‘What’s the fastest way out of this god-forsaken landfill?’
Hesitantly at first, he told Olds everything he knew about his family, and the more he spoke, the more confident he grew. 
“I was born in Timbrook quite a few years ago. I’m not exactly sure how long ago it was because no one in the village knows how to tell time. In fact, I’m still a little confused myself about the entire concept. 
“Anyway, my mother was named Humphrey. She was supposedly named after a goat my grandfather owned that had the unusual power of turning acorns into chestnuts with just a loud snort in their general direction. A strange gift, I’ll admit, but one which made my grandfather quite popular at wedding parties and local church inquisitions. Now, my father’s name was Kelp O’Really, he was an Irish immigrant who escaped the Emerald Isle by pretending to be a boat’s figurehead. He hung onto the forward mast of a ship, dressed like Helen of Troy, and stood stiff as a board for several weeks, until a wayward rat crawled up his dress and made him lose his grip…both literally and figuratively. 
“He swam to shore and made landfall somewhere near Germany. He wandered about a little before traveling south with an opera company. He played the opening and closing curtains in their productions. He sometimes made a little extra if there was an intermission. 
“When he arrived in these regions, he worked as a ‘tree-cutter’. Now, being a tree-cutter is hard work, for as you can see around you, the trees in these forests are quite large, and thick, and…primarily made of wood. A person needs a good set of strong teeth to cut through these forests, let me tell ya.”
Olds, with a baffled look upon his face, interjected: “Pardon me, did you say that…you need a good set of…teeth?” 
Johann handed him a cup of tea and then began pouring one of his own. “Oh, yea, just look around you.”
Olds pondered this for a moment. He had a very uneasy feeling about continuing this particular line of questioning, but it seemed that he was indeed a glutton for punishment. “Let me get this straight,” he slowly asked, “Do these, uh, ‘tree-cutters’, as you call them…”
“Yes...”
“Are you trying to tell me that they use their, uh…teeth,” he pointed at his own mouth and grinned a toothy grin, “…to cut down trees?”
“Yes,” Johann replied, wondering what part of ‘tree-cutting’ did Olds not understand. “What else are you gonna use?”
Olds felt a shiver start at his toes and continue on up his spine until the hairs on the top of his head quivered. “I don’t know…maybe a saw?”
“A what?”
“A saw. Y’know, a saw?”
“I’ve never seen a saw.”
“You’ve never seen a saw?”
“No, I’m quite sure…if I had ever saw a saw, I’d tell you that I had seen a saw. Now, I have seen a see-saw…but it was only so-so.”
The befuddled cavalier then began making a pushing-pulling gesture with his arms. “Y’know, it’s a metal thing, with a handle…and you move it back and forth across the tree…and it has these little notches…that…”
Johann looked upon Olds like he had suddenly started speaking in Chinese.
“Well, anyway,” the knight spurted, his head shaking rapidly, “What about an axe?”
“I never saw an axe. Why do you ask?”
“Surely you know what an axe is?”
“Yea…that’s what the earth spins on, right? Or is that an axle?”
“No, I think you’re right…axis…but, that’s not what an axe is.”
“So, how do you use an axis to cut down a tree?”
“You don’t…”
“Oh, so you use an axle then…”
Olds slapped himself in the forehead ― but he actually felt like carrying out such an action on Johann. “No, you use an axe! You know…an axe?”
“I already told you, I never saw a saw, or an axe. However, I saw a play once…it had three acts…but, it was only so-so.” Johann smiled and took another sip of tea. “Anyway, why do you keeping asking about what an axis?” 
Oldsmobill beamed a crooked smile and resembled a lunatic just off his meds. “Because, it’s one of the earliest tools ever developed by mankind.”
“An axis?”
“No, an axe is!”
Johann grunted and folded his arms. “Sorry…never saw one.” 
 Olds finally gave up. He took a long drink of the tea and leaned back against the log. “Uh, right…please continue your story...before suicide possibly becomes an option.”
Johann immediately started right where he had left off, as if someone, somewhere, had decided to push the play button.
“For numerous amounts of time bits, my father was a single man, and with the pay a tree-cutter makes in his prime, as well as all the free wood chips he could eat, he was, needless to say, a very popular little critter. 
“He met my mother at a ‘grooming festival.’ It’s a party of sorts, where people from around the area gather together and pick the lice, ticks and whatever else they can find squirming around on each other, and eat the little delicacies. It is said to be an ancient primate tradition, and is quite popular with the swinging-singles crowd.  My father had told several of his friends that he had fallen in love with my mother the first time he laid eyes on her, and knew that she was a very strong and healthy woman because there aren’t many humans that could possibly survive with so many juicy parasites feeding upon them.
“They were soon engaged and eventually married in a traditional Timbrookian wedding, complete with a maimed wildebeest leading the ceremonies. After their vows, as is customary in these parts, they slapped one another about the head and torso with a pair of chicken carcasses, before lovingly spitting into each other’s mouth. 
“They spent their honeymoon hitchhiking to Switzerland and rolling unsuspecting tourists for their traveler’s checks. Upon returning to Timbrook, they moved into their very own, nicely decorated ditch.
“For several more globs of time, my mother and father lived happily in the valley. He spent his days gnawing out a living in the surrounding forest and she spent her time brutally interrogating my brother and me about how we spent our lunch money. After a few yards of time had passed, my mother and father decided to move to a much nicer area of Timbrook, so we spent our days and nights on the northeast side of town digging a much larger ditch. My brother and I were very close, as we often roamed and played in these forests and swamps, spending most of our days eating sticks and grubs, and extorting acorns from the local field mice. Yes, those were the happiest days of my life.
“Unfortunately, my youthful bliss was not to last for very long. My father, his teeth nearly worn down to the gums, could not produce the kind of quality work that he had once been able to do with a young, strong set of choppers. He became despondent, and spent fewer and fewer evenings gleefully calling us all sorts of vile names and acronyms inside the family ditch, but instead, began spending more of his time at the village pub, where his anti-social behaviors caused him more than a few horrible beatings. 
“One day, we received word that he had left the valley after a four-day binge on some type of silicone-based lubricant. It seems that he staggered down the road  — past the swamps and forests that surround the village  — and eventually wound up in the city of Fouldune, about fifteen miles from here. We found out much later that he had joined a band of dyslectic rabble-rousers, who, after stealing a wagonload of concentrated swamp gas, decided to go to France, and, as they themselves had described in a ransom demand: “Ellitsab eht pu wolb.”
“I have not seen or heard from him in all these many gallons of time. My mother, at first, seemed to take his leaving quite well, for she still had both me and my brother to take it out on. We took our punishments in stride, though, for we knew it would help her get over the old codger’s leaving. 
“A few sunrises after my father’s exit, my brother and I were out foraging in the woods for injured rodents, when a friend of ours by the name of Terry Wetbottom, came running up to us and frantically relayed that our mum had sold everything she owned, including her prosthetic arm and extensive wig collection, and after kicking the mayor of Timbrook in the ‘family ball-bearings’, she had hitched a ride on a passing wagon train and headed west.
“When we came home, we found the ditch to be completely empty. Not only was our mother not there, but everything — every pot, pan, chair, piece of clothing, and eating utensil — was gone. She even took the portable hibachi. The only thing she left us was a single red boot; a few buttons; three crayons (all of one color: aquamarine); an incomplete set of encyclopedias (just the books entitled: ‘G’, ‘K’ and ‘XYZ’); and a note, which was scratched on a dried cornhusk. It said:

‘Dear Banes of my womb,

I’m going to Berlin to become a cabaret star.
Sorry that I can’t leave you little mongrels anything, but you know how sentimental I am. You can go live with your aunt and uncle and blend in with their other canine pets. Don’t talk to strangers unless they offer you large amounts of candy. If you’re ever in Berlin, look me up.

p.s., I’m changing my name to Kiki Montrose.
p.s.s., Remember, life is a cabaret ol’ chums, life is a cabaret.

Truly, but let’s not get mushy about it,
“Mum.” 
(Don’t ever call me that in public)’

“And that was the last we heard from her.”

Olds sat his cup down upon the pile of leaves next to him. His eyes were wide and glowing in the firelight. His mouth was slightly opened with a faint breath passing between his lips. He slowly whispered, “That is absolutely the most devastatingly depressing story that I have ever heard.” 
Johann looked up from the fire and smiled. “She wasn’t much good at mothering anyway. Y’know, she used to tell me and my brother about how much she admired fish and reptiles because they just lay their eggs in a small trench before rapidly fleeing the scene of the crime. She’d always say: ‘Nurturing beastly creatures isn’t in their job description ― and they will have none of it ― so why should I? Am I not better than a lizard or a mackerel?’  I remember her husky voice…rasping really…singing a lullaby as she nestled us into our pile of damp leaves and cat hair:

“Momma turtle swims across the sea,
And lays her eggs in the sand and foam.
Off she goes, back to the sea, saying:
“You lil’ buggers are all on your own!”

“She really sang that…as a lullaby?” Olds asked.
“Yea,” Johann replied, “She said that having and raising kids wasn’t nearly as enjoyable as making fun of them.” 
Olds sat back down and looked uncomfortably about the campsite.
Johann sighed, “Oh, well, I guess everybody has their own personal dreams and delusions,” he took another sip of the tea, “I guess hers was to be a cabaret singer.”
“Was she a good singer?”
“Only if you’re a wounded wolf or a lost bear cub.”
“Oh,” Oldsmobill replied. He threw a few sticks on the fire. “Was she a good dancer then?” 
“Yea…like a pig on ice.”

The fire grew in intensity and orange sparks lifted into the night sky. Olds was finishing another cup of tea and leaned over and fluffed his bedding, which was just a pile of dry oak and maple leaves. One of Johann’s shirts lay at the head of the pile for Olds’ head. The blonde trooper didn’t mind sleeping in the woods, he had done it many times, but he had an insane fear that spiders might crawl into his ears at night and lay their eggs in his brain. So, he was quite adamant about being able to lay his head on something besides just leaves.
Johann leaned against the tree trunk. His thin, little bedroll was lying next to him. A small pile of leaves lay at the head of his makeshift bed. He didn’t worry about spiders, and if they did happen to crawl into his ears and lay their eggs inside his head, he’d probably be grateful for the company. 
He poured the rest of the tea from the pot into his cup, using a piece of cloth as a filter to keep the pine needles and remains of the soaking herbs out. It was a little tepid now, but that was fine by him.
“So,” he continued, “my brother and I moved in with my aunt and uncle, who lived just around the corner from our old home. Truth is, we were actually quite content there, seeing how my uncle had an agonizingly successful dental practice, and I do mean agonizingly.  My aunt was a great cook, especially when she found something besides leather belts and old ironing-board covers as ingredients. Unfortunately, tragedy soon crept into our lives again...”
“Oh, dear god…” Olds whispered into his cup.
“Now, my brother, Pustule, was a very big man, even for a boy. He stood about seven feet tall and weighed over three hundred pounds, which is pretty amazing considering our diets consisted mainly of wood, slugs and the occasional feral cat. My brother was almost all muscle, except for his head, which was almost all fat, with just a little gristle. Well, one night, he went over to a barn-razing in the nearby town of Carbuckle, a small trough northwest of Fouldune. While there, he tried to impress one of the local harlots by the name of Gargle McSwill, by attempting to wrestle a cow. Now, cows don’t last long in Timbrook, but there are a fair number in the surrounding farmlands, and cow-wrestling is a very popular sport in those parts. A champion cow-wrestler can expect to earn large sums of gold and muskrat pelts from the locals, as well as several lucrative advertising endorsements.
“The most famous cow-wrestler around here is Portomissimo Aft, a spindly, but very strong, little bovine molester, who, it has been said, once pinned a 800 lb. Jersey Red  in two minutes and thirty-seven seconds, which, I presume, is a very good time particle. They say he owes much of his success to the way he intimidates the cow by wearing a butcher’s coat into the ring while nibbling on a veal patty.
“Anyway, so Pustule, who was slightly drunk and rather horny, snuck into a holding pen late that night, while Ms. McSwill looked on in oblivious admiration. The pen was built to hold the most famous wrestling cow in all of the land, her name was ‘Mrs. Vanderbilt’, and she was being readied for a major championship match that weekend.
“So, my brother decides to perform a move on the cow that he had learned from a traveling leech-peddler. It was called the Bristol Udder Tuck, and my brother spent many hours practicing it on any elderly person that he could run down. 
“Bad luck, though, is a harsh dealer of fate. For, unknown to Pustule, ‘Mrs. Vanderbilt’ had been moved to a nearby field for grazing, and the creature presently in the pen was not even a cow, but was in fact, a bull. Its name was ‘Bushwaxer’ and it had been quarantined due to an altercation with a tubercular cheerleader by the name of Britney Halifax. Now, as I said, Pustule only knew one move, the infamous Bristol Udder Tuck, a very effective move on cows, but when it came to bulls…well…let’s just say that the maneuver is only useful if you want to really, really, piss them off. 
“According to Ms. McSwill’s testimony at the coroner’s inquest, it was not a pretty sight. The only good thing about the incident was that my brother broke the world record for ‘Launched the Farthest by a Member of the Bovine Species’. The bad thing was that he landed on his head, which not only killed him instantly, but also disqualified him from being in the record books.
“I miss him, especially when we used run around in the nearby swamps and forests. He was so tall that he’d hit his head on a tree limb about every thirty pints of time or so.” Johann finished his tea and placed the cup near the fire. “I still can’t believe that landing on his head didn’t save him.”
“My, Johann, so much tragedy for one person, how have you dealt with it all?” Olds asked, finishing his cup of tea as well.
“Oh, if you live in Timbrook more than thirty-six time packages, you become well-acquainted with tragedy. You soon come to think of it as a constant companion, along with the mud, the hard liquor, and the hairy little fungus that grows between your toes.” 
Johann laid back on his bedroll and closed his eyes. “Anyway, that’s most of my story. The truth is I spend most of my time out here sneaking up on things and throwing my shoes at ‘em.”
Olds smiled and leaned back on his pile of leaves. The sounds of the swamp slowly rose to fill the silence as each man stared into the fire for a few minutes. Johann turned his head and stared up at the night sky.
“Sleep well, Olds.” 
“You too,” he replied, before closing his eyes and drifting off to sleep.




Chapter Three: A Heaping Helping of ‘Huh?’


Over the next few days, the two lived well off the land. Food was plentiful and Oldsmobill was able to fashion a primitive wardrobe and a pair shoes made from the hides of several wild animals. He was constantly amazed at the large numbers of creatures running around in the forest and marsh lands. He came to believe that the overabundance of wild life in the area must have been due mainly to the Timbrookian’s total lack of hunting skills, as well as their predisposal to a diet based mainly on wood and petroleum distillates. 
The wildlife continued to intrigue him; for it seemed that the creatures in the area had very little fear of mankind. This made the job of the two ever-more skillful hunters much easier, for they could always get fairly close to their prey. In fact, Olds noticed that a few of the animals, mainly rabbits and groundhogs, actually ran up to them and produced a sort of jeering sound, or stuck their little pink tongues out at them. A few seemed to form obscene gestures with their little paws before quickly running back into the forest. One particular rabbit even went so far as to bend over in front of the two, and — while repeatedly slapping his hindquarters — vocalized a raspberry spitting sound at them. Olds got him with a spear as he was trying to skip off. 
Another remarkable incident involved a rather rude warthog that followed them through the woods for an entire day. Each time Johann and Oldsmobill stopped to rest, the frisky boar would run straight at them, stop within a few feet, snort a couple of times, dance in circle for a few minutes (Johann called it a ‘pig jig’) while humming the song “Funkytown.” Then, the little beast would snort, gurgle and spit at them, before finally ending his routine with a long, resounding bit of porkish flatulence. It would, at that point, start skipping away and back into the forest — giggling and snorting happily — while yapping: ‘Nah, nah, nah-nah, nah…”
On their last encounter, Johann shot him in the head with an arrow. “There’s nothing worse than a boring boar,” he replied.
“That’s good!” Olds laughed, “My turn!” He struck a dramatic pose, placing his hand upon his chest and pronouncing, “The poor beast was taken in the prime of his life…tusk, tusk.”
They had a good laugh over that, as well as a mighty fine dinner. After the meal, Olds was busy making a sleeve out of some rabbit pelts that had been dried over the fire. He already had a nice pair of furry boots and a vest-like covering for his torso, as well as a pair of rabbit-skin shorts — admittedly, not the most fashionable outfit in the world, but considering his situation a few days before, it would most definitely suffice. 
Johann was busy making another batch of tea and stirring the contents slowly in a pot. “What are you going to do now, Olds?” he asked.
“Well…these clothes are all about done and with the boar skin and maybe a few more rabbits…heh, I was thinking of maybe heading to Rottweillor,” he replied. The two had never talked about one another’s future plans, or even if they had any. They were mainly just learning how to survive in the forest, and spent many an hour practicing their hunting skills or just wandering about. Johann didn’t seem too eager to return to Timbrook and didn’t even mention the place much in fear of hurting Olds’ feelings or bringing up sad thoughts. But, Oldsmobill had an agenda — and the renewed confidence to carry that agenda out — he just hadn’t informed Johann of it, yet.
“Look,” Olds spoke, putting down the pelt he was sewing, “I want to thank you again for all that you’ve done. Seriously, I don’t know how I could have survived out here without your help.”
Johann brushed the remarks aside and handed a cup of tea to Olds. “It’s I that should be thanking you, for taking the time to show me how to use a bow, and a fishing pole!” He started laughing uproariously, “I haven’t eaten so well in all my life!”
They both chortled for several minutes. Olds sipped his tea and continued lacing the small strips of hide through the furry sleeve. Johann stared at the fire. His expression slowly changed to one of concern.
“Rottweillor’s a long way away,” he softly said to the flames.
“Yea. Maybe I’ll stop at that town you spoke of… Fouldune?”
“Ya.”
“Maybe trade some pelts, get a job, save a little money up…” Olds sighed, thinking of the future, and how far away he was from fulfilling the mission he had been given, “…and just go from there I guess.”
“Fouldune is a rough place, makes Timbrook look like a Vacation Bible School,” Johann smirked. He still stared into the flames, and took a drink of the hot tea. “It’ll be dangerous alone,” he said, “especially if you’re dressed like…a big rabbit.”
Olds started laughing again. He looked over at Johann who began to crack a smile before slyly glancing away. 
“I didn’t think you would want to go, but, if you want to, this big rabbit could obviously use all the help he can get.”
“Hmm…sounds good. I’ve been thinking that maybe it’s time I saw some of the world outside of this swamp and this forest. I must tell you one thing, though,” Johann stood up and finished his cup of tea, “I don’t know about this whole quest-thing you’re on, but if you believe it, that’s fine by me. I can’t promise I’ll follow you to Rottweillor, but I’ll certainly go as far as Fouldune.”
“Fair enough,” Olds replied.
“After that, well, we’ll just see what happens.”
“Sounds great…thank you, Johann.”
The Timbrookian dropped his cup near the fire and suddenly pulled his leather pouch up over his shoulder. 
Olds looked on, a bit surprised. “We’re not leaving now, are we?” he asked.
“No,” Johann replied, slipping his hood up over his head. “I’m heading back to Timbrook, to pick up a few items. Perhaps borrow some extra clothes for us, I mean, your tailoring is fine, but I’m not walking into Fouldune with a guy wearing furry shorts.”
“Okay,” Olds smirked, “Let me get my boots on.”
“No way. You don’t need to go back there.”
“Oh, I can handle it.”
“Listen. Honestly, I don’t think you can handle it. Not yet, anyway. Now, I’m not saying that they don’t deserve your wrath, and I’m not saying that someday, one day, you may return to Timbrook and repay them to some degree. I don’t know. Legal action is always a possibility, I guess, provided you bring your own lawyer, judge, and jury. But, I do know one thing…” Johann stared intently at Olds, “It won’t be this day.”
He leaned forward and held his hand out. Olds looked down a couple of seconds before he firmly shook it. “You’re right,” he quietly replied.
Johann grinned, turned, and began the long walk toward Timbrook. “Stay here, keep the fire going, and I’ll be back in a few, short, time chunks!”
He then disappeared into the darkness.
Oldsmobill sat and stared at the fire before picking up a large fallen tree limb and tossing it into the flames. He watched silently as tiny orange and yellow embers lifted into the atmosphere.

Johann solemnly walked through the forest. The moon was full and high in the sky, and he could easily find his way through the darkness of the trees. He soon approached the marshlands and heard a chorus of frogs croaking out their calls. Eventually, he made it to the swamp — and after taking off his shoes, for fear of losing them, he slowly, laboriously, waded his way through the shallow water and mud. Once past the swamp, he rested awhile upon the south slope of the high ridge of stone that encircled Timbrook. He ate a bit of the jerky he had stored in his pouch, and when ready again, began the eastward trek toward the pass.
As the stars sparkled above him, and the brightness of the moon cast his surroundings in a milky glow, Johann spied the muddy road that led through the opening in the rock. To his right he saw the faint outline of Mealy’s hog farm, and his nose was soon filled with its familiar stench. He smiled. It smelled like home.
He walked along the sheer rock wall, out of sight from anyone that may have been looking down the road from either direction. There wasn’t much chance of being seen, for it was late and most of the townsfolk were already fast asleep or near-comatose drunk. There were never any guards or watchmen keeping an eye out along the pass, for no one ever wanted to actually sneak into Timbrook. Even roving bands of outlaws would shy away, for there was nothing of any real worth there, unless one happens to believe that trench-foot or canker sores have some type of value on the open market.
He passed inside the rock wall and looked upon the center of town. There was the mayor’s mansion, and the old oak, still surviving by its sheer strength and uneatable hardwood trunk. The dozens of teeth marks that lined its base however, showed that many had tried. 
The pub seemed to still be open, as a small lantern sent thin rays of light through the numerous holes in its thin walls. Johann didn’t see any movement until he unexpectedly spied a large hog slowly making its way through the front door. 
He next crept by the church and saw that it was totally dark. Twenty or so metal coat hangers were sticking out of the top of the structure, put there by Honcho el Grande to pick up something called television signals as soon as they were available.
There were a few people sleeping on the streets, some with empty flagons by their hands, others with half-eaten barrels of ale strewn around them. All were loudly snoring and whistling through their noses. He continued up a slight hill with housing ditches and leaf piles on each side of him, all of which were dark. Onward he went, until he saw his aunt and uncle’s home ― it was nothing more than a modified lean-to built on top of a small trench and surrounded by broken wagon wheels, old liquor bottles, dull dental tools, and empty Vienna sausage cans. 
As he crept closer, he saw his aunt asleep on top of the family’s three dogs. The only reason that canines are not usually eaten in these parts is because they make for nice, warm beds. However, skinny dogs, or especially elderly or sick dogs, are often considered fair game and are liable to wake up in a big roasting pot at any time. 
Johann’s uncle was sleeping outside by a tree stump. A pile of dirt covered his entire prone body up to his neck. Johann pulled two nice rabbit carcasses out of his pouch and sat them on a stump near the old man. He next pulled out a handful of dead chipmunks and scattered them about on top. 
He left a note by his uncle’s pile of earth. The note was short, but full of heart:

‘Deer Ant and Unkle,
I was stolin by a roamin band of gypsies. Will rite later. 
Don’t worri, they promised to teech me how to play the tamboureen.

Yur nefew,
Johann.

p.s., as in “the Grate Huntr”
p.s.s., next time ya see Marty Klemso, poke him in the eye wit a stik,
I owe him one.

Peece out!’

Johann covertly slipped into the family ditch and quietly packed a small bag with a few sentimental effects ― a metal flask, a bracelet made out of beetle shells, a few used cotton swabs, and several pair of underwear. While searching for his favorite nose-hair trimmer on a rickety shelf imbedded in the dirt wall, he accidentally knocked off a glass jar that held a frog embalmed in formaldehyde (a family heirloom). The crash woke his aunt up and she swiveled about on top of a golden retriever.
“Have you come to sign the Magna Carta, Teddy?” she asked, smacking her lips.
His aunt was a loving, caring woman, but due to a misfortunate run-in with a piece of farming equipment several years ago, had started calling him ‘Teddy Roosevelt,’ and always mentioned the words ‘Magna Carta’ in every sentence.
“Shhh, Aunt Marble, it’s only me,” Johann whispered, while tucking her back in with a Shetland sheep dog.
“Oh, did you catch any Magna Cartas today, Teddy?” she sleepily asked through her toothless gums.
“A couple. I laid them on the stump by uncle’s bed.”
“Oh,” she yawned, “Lay them on the Magna Carta and I’ll cook them for breakfast.”
He softly kissed her on her brow and whispered, “Goodnight, Aunt Marble.”
He picked up the broken pieces of glass, but couldn’t find the shriveled frog on the floor. He then grabbed a couple of shirts and pants out from under a pile of straw that he had once called a bed, before he slowly began walking away into the darkness ― looking back several times at the little ditch.
Deep down inside, he thought that he might never see it, or his aunt and uncle, ever again. His eyes began to water and he sniffled a little as he neared the back of the town pub. He paused there and wiped his face with the sleeve of his black hoodie.
Looking inside, he saw Farley sleeping on the bar, while Joe was cuddled up with a large hog on the floor. Joe’s wife was sleeping in the other corner ― her legs were sticking straight up in the air, propped up against a barrel of heavy-duty concrete cleanser. Johann carefully stuck his hand through a hole in the flimsy wall and pulled several pairs of clothes from a pile near a wooden hamper. Quickly examining each article outside, he liked what he saw and wadded them up and stuffed them into his swollen shoulder pack. Suddenly, a sparkling pair of items from behind a crate caught his eye, and he leaned way into the building — waist deep — and gingerly pulled them out, while Farley snored above. He wrapped the items with a pair of shirts and tied a sock taken from the tavern’s wall tightly around the end. He slipped the bundle over his back and began sneaking away.
Before exiting through the pass again, he turned and took another look at the only town he had ever seen. His mind raced with numerous memories ― some good, and some bad.
He wiped his nose on his sleeve and disappeared into the darkness.

Later that night, Oldsmobill tried on a pair of pants that Johann had stolen from the pub. They were made of thick cloth and had a line of rhinestones going up each leg. “A bit flamboyant,” Olds smirked. “But…badgers can’t be choosey, I guess.” He tried on the shirts next, and then a nice little red hoodie to complete the ensemble. 
Johann smiled. “You need some shoes, though,” he said rather cheerfully. 
Olds looked down at his two furry boots while Johann walked over and pulled a cloth bundle from behind a tree. He laughed a little as he presented it to Oldsmobill, who was giddy at the sight. He quickly unwrapped the present and his eyes glowed with reflected light.
In his hands were two shining, armored boots. Each adorned with a thin lip of gold trim at the top. Upon closer examination, he noticed that someone had scratched several choice curse words all over them, but this didn’t bother him so much.
“My boots!” he exclaimed.
“Ya,” Johann replied, “They hadn’t melted them down yet. Maybe Joe the pub keeper just wanted them for special occasions like funerals, or when someone pays off a ransom.”
Olds quickly donned the boots and began stomping around the campsite. The little spurs on his heels jingled and jangled with each step.
“Sorry, but I didn’t see anything else of yours there,” Johann said.
Olds stopped and looked back at his friend. He felt a slight tremor of rage rumble through his intestines. His hands clenched. He took a deep breath and accepted his fate. “Look,” he joyfully changed the subject, “you take a rest. We still have a couple of hours before sunrise and I’ll pack the stuff up…by midmorning we can be on our way.”
Johann agreed and laid his tired body on his thin bedroll as small tufts of belly-button lint poofed out between the stitching. Olds sat down and looked at the reflections of the dying fire in his shining boots. He felt happier now.

*****

The sun arose. To some people this is a cause for celebration. In the town of Timbrook it was just another opportunity to eat turnips. 
Johann’s uncle awoke and dug himself out of bed. He noticed that something was drifting in the air and into his nasal cavities, and it wasn’t the usual smell of urine and cheap liquor that normally lingered in the morning atmosphere of the town. Looking round, he saw a pair of skinned rabbits lying on the stump next to him. They both had a small tomato lodged in their mouths, and were accompanied by several dead chipmunks scattered about. 
“Glory be!” he exclaimed, and tugged on his baggy testicles ― a local custom done whenever one finds an amazing gift or a dead tax collector at their door. Soon after, while dusting the bed covers off of his arms and torso, he saw a little note fluttering next to him.
He quickly showed the bounty and the note to his wife, who had been awakened earlier by a part of her bed having to use the bathroom. “Looks like a grocery list, or some type of Magna Carta,” she humbly spoke.
“Really? I didn’t know you could read!” he exclaimed.
She took the note from him. “Oh, I can read a Magna Carta or two,” she replied, “It says: “Go to the market in Magna Carta and bring me back a bag of salt and a cup of ground toe-nail clippings to cook these Magna Cartas with…p.s., if you see Marty Klemso, poke him in the Magna Carta with a stick, I owe him one…signed, Teddy Roosevelt.” 
She then stepped over to the kitchen area of the ditch and picked up the formaldehyde-soaked frog. “This little Magna Carta tried to escape his glass castle last night.” She snarled, looking suspiciously about, before handing the odorous amphibian to her husband. “There is a’many strange Magna Cartas about this morn.”
“Ya,” he agreed, “but one should never argue when kindly sprites leave such goodies like these rabbits for our dinner…and these chipmunk hors d’oeuvres.” He tugged at his testicles again for good measure.
“Ya, take the Magna Carta and see if Mr. Magna Carta will trade it for a small bag of Magna Cartas. I’ll start the Magna Carta and roast these Magna Cartas right up.”
“Aye! Will do.” And with that he scurried off to town while his wife started gathering used charcoal briquettes from their neighbor’s grills.

About two weeks later, they finally noticed that Johann had not been around the family ditch for some time...
“Pa, do you realize that Teddy Roosevelt has not been around the Magna Carta lately?” she asked one night while helping him dig his bed.
“Hmm,” he paused and looked about, “y’know, you’re right, ma. I just now realized that. Maybe he has been by and we just didn’t recognize him.”
She started to look around fearfully and whispered, “You don’t think he’s been turned into a Magna Carta do you?”
“Naw,” he replied, resuming his bed digging, “probably just grew a mustache or something.”
“Well, I’m sure I haven’t seen his Magna Carta for a week or so,” she stubbornly replied.
“Seems like only yesterday.”
“Magna Carta!” 
“You said it, ma.”

*****

After Johann woke up and made a pot of tea, the two men each grabbed a cup and began heading south through the forest. Toward evening time, they stopped and made a stew of boar jerky and wild herbs. 
That night, they camped under a large tree that overlooked an expansive valley below. Slicing through the dale was a small stream. Just beyond was the majestic silhouette of Marelick Mountain. 
Olds stared off into the distance. Johann had told him that the city of Fouldune was on the other side of that mountain. To his left were the last remnants of the great forest and on the other side of those trees was the road between Fouldune and Timbrook, the so-called ‘road to nowhere’.
During their trip, Olds had told Johann many strange tales of lands seen and unseen by him. He spoke of many things ― of caesars, popes, and kings. He told of a people that he had heard about that were made of only moss and mushrooms, and of animals that lived far to the south with large noses and long necks, and of the ‘Darnii,’ a race of people with hands on their feet and feet on their hands who ate nothing but boiled trench coats. 
He even told Johann about Master Bates and the three witches that had started him on his quest...

He was introduced to the three witches when his mentor had gone to their cave to trade a shrunken beaver head for a jar of dried baboon hearts. They were always trading odd little ingredients back and forth, as each tried their hand at different spells. All three sisters were totally blind, and had long beards extending from their chins. Their names were Tweedle-duh, Tweedle-doh, and Tweedle-deeeaw. Upon sensing Oldsmobill’s presence they started to sing an ancient tune often caroled by druids during the Menopause Season. A couple of the verses were as follows:

“Hark! The toad and raven’s claw,
Alabaster spotted lemur jaws,
He sings with great frivolity, but chokes
Upon spiny urchins and muskrat coats.

Hark! He comes, all pimply and pale
To put a comma in our comatose tale,
And bring the stone back to our lands,
And sign all of our checks!
Oh, ain’t life grand!”

They kept circling around him and running their bony, wrinkled hands through his hair and across his face and shoulders. One of the hags even gave his upper thigh a good examination while drooling upon his arm, before being brutally reprimanded by her two sisters.
After a bit of growling and hissing at one another, they started to hum like old refrigerators.
“Could he be he?” they asked one another. Then, in an impulsive state of delirium, they began to slap each other around the cave, while Olds and his Master looked on in bewilderment.
They finally settled the dispute, which seemed to stem from whether Oldsmobill was or was not “him”, and which one of them was guilty of eating the last embalmed bat’s ear.
One of the sisters suddenly shouted out: “The oatmeal!”
They all began to mumble and mutter as they crept over to a large pot boiling on a hot plate. Olds looked confused at his Master, but ‘The Batesman,’ as he sometimes liked to be called, simply stood next to a closet full of lab coats and observed the proceedings in quiet contemplation.  Behind him was a large examination skeleton hanging from a pole. Small screws held all the bones and joints in place, and “Property of the University of Haggis Medical School,” was engraved along the base.
The three sisters busied themselves making a large pot of oatmeal and trying to interpret the directions on the box by holding it to their foreheads.
“More water,” one yelled.
“No, less,” another loudly asserted.
The third sister rumbled across the shelves behind them, tossing all sorts of articles into the mix: armadillo ears, monkey toes, the intestines of an anaconda, a set of car keys, a book on “Popular Medieval Manicures and Facial Creams,” a hubcap, a bag of fried corn chips, and several pinches of pencil shavings.
They strained the concoction through their beards and placed a nice dollop of butter on top. Olds stared down at the bowl in disbelief when it was finally presented to him. Steam rose from it in thin, little wisps. He looked up at the three witches who stood around him, but their faces were pointing in three different directions. One slyly gave his thigh another quick feel, before being slapped by another.
“Be a good vegetable and eat your porridge,” one growled. Another started to a croon a tune between her wrinkly lips:

“Oh, where shall I build my future?
Today, in the here and now?
Or wait for another suture,
To mend my severed brow?”

“Eat, eat, young one,” another whispered, “For time is short and the butter is sliding off the side of the bowl!” 
Olds took a small spoonful and raised it to his lips. A faint odor whiffed across his nostrils, but he couldn’t quite place the smell — something between a rotting piece of artichoke and burning moose hair. He opened his mouth and heard a voice rise out of the bowl.
“Vini, vidi, vici!” it said in a thick British accent. “Oh, but this course of time is thick with weasel lickings. Alas, my name is ‘Baltimore’ and my wife has run off with a solicitous shrew.” 
Olds dropped the spoon back into the bowl of steamy porridge.
“What is this?” the bowl replied, “Better to cough up thy days of sad manipulations than to cry within one’s own paroxysmal mutations. Aloof! But, quaint. I see many things and most are quite blurry…perhaps, I need new pair of bifocals.”
Olds cast a nervous glance at Master Bates who was busy examining a test tube full of cottage cheese. The bowl continued its soliloquy:

“By the eyes of Marsh,
I stand a bone, to wit these errors ringing.
Drinkle deep,
With sad purchases, and no return policies
For those without a receipt.

But wait! There are strangers about in these lands,
Who carry check-cashing cards and small trial-sized bottles of moisturizing cream, and paint their toenails ruby-red, and spend their nights rubbing the soles of their feet with small grindstones, while singing songs about double coupon days at the local trading posts.

Oh, Maroon Tattoo, why does thy sheep bay so?
Is that a teardrop from a squinting, jaundiced eye?
Or a mustardy stain from a crippled Cadillac kiss?

Oh, I see many things and hear many others...
The past and the future are like a big stew with large chunks of carrots floating about, as well as potatoes, and a few stalks of celery.
I see okra…lots and lots of okra…
I see car pools and oceans of imitation cheese.
I see advertisements for hemorrhoid creams and male impotence remedies.
I see barbarian hordes and men wearing powdered wigs and fake facial moles.
I see a hunchback ringing a bell and monkey in a space suit.
Alexander the Great is cooking his dinner in a microwave oven, 
While Albert Einstein is busy inventing the wheel.
It is all swirling around me, and all the images are as one.”

“How best then, to eat such a strange concoction?” The porridge finally asked. Suddenly, the spoon rose above the bowl, and after two loops around the table, landed abruptly inside Oldsmobill’s lips.

“Best to just delve in…” the bowl whispered.

The young man’s mind was suddenly flooded with numerous images, all nicely edited into short, one-second intervals. He closed his eyes as the visions bombarded his brain:
A girl smiling and holding a beer can. A monkey falling out of a tree. A man in a toga shouting to a crowd. A cannon bursting. A car crashing into a fire hydrant. A spaceman floating amongst the stars. A woman staring at a burning house. A squadron of aircraft flying over a city. A painting on a cave wall. The explosion of an atomic bomb. A child riding a bike. A man wrapping a slice of meat in plastic wrap. A group of starving villagers. A teenager singing into a microphone. A knight swinging a sword. A teacher writing on a blackboard. A bearded man shot in the back of the head. A woman giving birth. A tornado ripping through a farmhouse. A tattoo of a dragon. A man nailed to a cross. A young girl running through a field. A ship sinking. An old man playing a drum with a small bone. A group of policemen beating a suspect. A woman holding a bottle of glass cleaner. A large locomotive. A city on fire. A caravan of people on camels. A woman skiing down a hill. A giant machine billowing out clouds of dark smoke. A group of cavemen bringing down a wooly mammoth. An old man and a boy fishing from a dock. Ants pouring out of an anthill. A gun being cocked. A group of men on horseback hunting buffalo. A carpenter using a nail gun. A crying woman holding a baby in her arms. A man in a space suit planting a flag on a barren, gray landscape.

They continued in a flash: a myriad of very different images, from all parts of the time line, all blending together. When it was all over, Oldsmobill collapsed. His face sunk deep into the bowl of porridge.
One of the witches grabbed his hair and pulled him up. He was breathing heavily with bits of oatmeal covering his face. “Wha…? What was that?” he breathlessly asked. 
The witches just giggled. 
“That was…just that!” they said in unison. 
Master Bates calmly walked over and wiped Olds’ face with a towel. He spoke softly and slowly. “It is what was, and what is, and what, quite possibly, could be,” he said, “You are very fortunate my young apprentice, for not many scrawny chicken-heads like you get a chance to view so much.”
The bowl suddenly spoke again: “Just do as I say and great things will come your way. This is your mission: go to Rottweillor and gather unto you four carpenters. From there you will go to Timbrook and build a great stronghold…a capital for the next phase.” With that, the bowl of porridge suddenly crusted over and darkened. 
One of the witches piped up in a dry, gravelly voice ― for she had been chewing on a rat’s tail, “The trolls of Razzle-Bazzle will be waiting to present you with a gift.” She cackled, and all three then said in unison: “As it has been foretold, so shall it fore-be!” 
All three spat into their palms and slapped their hands high above their heads, while shouting: “High fifteen! Yeah!” 
Master Bates helped Oldsmobill up and assisted him to the entrance. Olds’ mind was still reeling and he felt faint and dizzy. 
“I will prepare you for your journey, for there are many things you still have to learn before you start your quest, you lucky little mongrel,” his master whispered to him.
“Quest?” Olds stammered.
“Yes,” The Batesman replied. “You have been chosen. There’s nothing you can do to stop it now.” Olds put his hand up to his sweaty brow, still not quite comprehending what had just happened.
As the two slowly exited the cave, one of the witches ran up from behind and yelled: “Oh, such a fine young buck!” She firmly grabbed Olds’ buttocks with her scrawny, veiny hands and gave them a good feel. 
“Oh, what I wouldn’t give for just a…” she loudly cackled, before being viciously waylaid by her two sisters.

“So, this all started with a talking bowl of oatmeal?” Johann asked, after a sip of tea. The little fire of the campsite danced about in his eyes. 
Olds smirked and then sighed. “I know…it’s strange and unbelievably weird…” 
“Ya…and quite an unusual plot device…” Johann scowled.
Olds looked down and frowned a little before adding, “Yes, but it happened, and now, I must do what I guess I was destined to do.”
“Right,” Johann said plainly. “Tomorrow morn, we will arrive in Fouldune. Time for a good night’s sleep…we may very well need it.”
“Ya,” Oldsmobill replied. He leaned back against the makeshift bed and looked up at the night sky. 
He sighed, and saw the entire universe look down upon him, and wink.




Chapter Four: My Kingdom for an Abrasion


In a large royal bedroom, befitting a king of means and purchase, with a propensity for paintings of eels, awoke King Hector Cornswallow. The morning sun shone through his bedroom window and glistened off his many crystalline aardvark figurines.
“Algebra!” he cried to the ceiling. “Algebra! Bring my honeydew and a scoop or two!” 
The ringing of the servant’s bell with a pale, clammy hand ruffled many brows down the corridors outside his majesty’s sleeping quarters.
“Algebra, dammit!”
Squeaking in from the shoulder room came the kiwi-nosed manservant. His face was pinned to his skull with much fret and foreboding. “Yes, m’lord Distemper?” he wheezed, invoking his majesty’s middle name, a common practice among the lesser-enabled rodentia of the kingdom.
“Bring me my morning melon, and something with which to partake of it…uh…with,” the slab gristled, puzzled by his own manner of breezy bravado. He snapped his fingers thrice for no apparent reason.
“Yes, yes, m’lord,” the expedient mound replied whilst shuffling out of the bedchamber. Within a squawk or two, the melon did arrive, on a fancy silver tray decorated with many far-fetched etchings of an ancient war no one could ever quite comprehend. A large scoop was provided as well, so that the master’s fingers could remain well above the entire situation.
“Here, m’lord Distemper, your morning melon, cut just as you like it…in mostly half.” A slight bow occurred to the servant as he acquiesced.
“Ah,” the leathery old man smacked, “Yes, ‘tis morn-time now, with the ascending of the sun, and me melon likewise awaits its own voyage, but one which will entail it descending…namely, down my raspy gobble.”  The old punter did his best to smile but his lips were not cooperating. “My small intestine does grapple with the ecstasy of it all, I must say, it gurgles like a clogged drain.”
He gingerly picked up the scoop, but just before it penetrated the orangey flesh of the aforementioned fruit, the king quickly pivoted his eyelids toward his cowering manservant. 
“You may vanquish thyself to the hinterlands of thy procurement,” he sizzled sharply, “Tend to other matters which may better regard your somewhat upright position.”
The shaky underling bowed again to fulfill an ancient tradition of caste and lot, before he lumbered away on his two gout-stricken feet. The room was suddenly full of liquidy mastications and gesticulations of the consuming sort, as the leathery lips and tongue of the king devoured the sweet meat of the melon.
Awarded with his own solemn solitude, the manservant traipsed down the corridor, although his club-footed swagger was quite unbecoming. His cloth ascot swayed in abject disagreement with his rib cage, but with each step his horizons broadened, as did a crease above his uni-brow and another smaller crevice just above his pointy chin. Uninhibited and slightly cock-eyed, his self-manipulations were showing themselves among the gaps of his teeth and in the spring of his step. His future bindings were unraveling about his ankle sores and he partook of vain fantasies concerning parades, and dishonorable games of chance.
‘Maleek Algebra Mallock’ was his birthright ― a treasure from the old homestead, bestowed upon him like his commonality and his feverish fondness for ale ― a maternal gift that had been siphoned through an umbilical cord ― a hand-me-down that he could not refuse, or trade, or even redeem for either rare stamps or crates of second-hand merchandise.
Later that day, lying in a small bed, with oily women draped in nylon and nicotine as accoutrements, he saw through the opiate-enhanced reality of his life and realized that he would never have wished such a sentence upon even the falsest of his childhood idols.
“Know thy place.” His father had once scratched into his young, misshapen skull. “Know thy place and thy place shall know you.”

Such was the circumference of his world. 

Vespius Cornswallow, also known as the ‘Jester of Pyre and Other Assorted Counties,’ the son of King Hector Cornswallow, a.k.a., Lord of Gastro-Land, and Major General in the ‘Society of Oddfellows with Long Ear Hair’, swam in the deep details of a sinister plan.
Vespius had no friends, only acquaintances. As the son of a powerful man, he had the right pedigree and family bearing ― but most saw through his watery bloodline and envisioned him as just a half-witted scoundrel. Vacant and slightly porous, his character was often questioned, sometimes rebuked, but mostly seen as a component of some deep, well-seated genetic deficiency. He was part-and-parcel the unseemly by-product of rampant and unflinching royal inbreeding.
So much for his particulars...
He sat at his piano, which was so badly out of tune that many thought it played in an alien musical alphabet heard only by castrated bloodhounds or the occasional tone-deaf mongoose. It was only on very rare occurrences that the sound that emanated from it even came close to resembling music per se. With a thunderous chorus of strident, low-pitched discordance, Vespius began the concerto:

‘Macaroni! Macaroni! Come hither now and speak your peace.
Bring your friends Tesla and Marconi, and pray for an early release.
Oh, lift me up now, so that my feet won’t be so afraid
Of the moon-shaped buttons upon her carnal cavalcade,
Or the glimpses of those pale palisades
Seen through the legs of her pompous parade.
All is a charade.
Which, in time, will fade.

Sing it now with that old familiar ring:
Life, like old furniture, is a many splintered thing.’

A few notes twinkled away in all their pitchy glory, and the room grew silent once more. Vespius stared out the large window of his father’s library, and peered across the green and yellow pasture that stretched past the castle walls, to the hills of conifers that faded into the distant horizon. 
“My swill be done,” he slithered through his lips.
He left the piano to its own murderous devices and pulled a dusty book off of a shelf. His fingerprints were already all over it. Opening it up, he read from the ‘Book of Jasper,’ a tome written during a panic famine in Lower Patuglia, near the end of the Second Age of Bronze Artifacts:

‘Thus, the bovine and reptilian vermin-nauts congregated near the apex of the Southern Fidelity, in order to fathom the foremost and to deter the vanquished. Where arose Vas Deferen, Lord of Vermillion and the overdrawn counties of Fairlux and Ballywaddle, to seize the ‘Wrench of the Covenant’ and to lay vengeance upon the milky-white valley of Tangolisp.
So, it came to pass that the intestines of the Marmapukes and their acrid allies did seize and rumble with great fury and trepidation, for the ‘Vine of God’ did flower in the spring at the Mausoleum of Slorsh, but did wither during the summer’s ‘days of the dogs’, and wandered no more by the fall’s rains.’

…And then, by way of cross-indexing, Vespius looked up the writings of King Vas Deferen, in another book, and discovered this gem:

‘Argue my fancy. Say not what for, but praise the twofer!
Like crooked cobblers, these are the days that vie for men’s soles.

For it was in the age of such malcontents,
That Poindexter the Porkster grazed upon his compliments, and cried:
‘Abrasion! Abrasion! My kingdom for an abrasion!’

Vespius leaned back in the chair. His shoulders slumped low, leaving the book lying upon his little peachy-haired gut. His arms draped down upon the floor beneath the chair, resembling two long, thin, sweaty sausages. As his eyes darted about the room, his foot began tapping the floor in 6/8 time. Conflicting thoughts fought for his attention inside his rather thick skull. 
“Much ado about muffins,” he puckered toward the bookshelves.
He sighed heavily and blew several strands of his coal-black hair away from his dark-lashed eyeball-holders. His emerald pupils darted from left to right as if both sides of his brain were having a tennis match. 
His devious mind leapt from one possible outcome to another — with little empty spaces in between. He touched the pale skin of his cheekbone with his thin fingers. A shade of stubble encircled his jaw line, coming to a triangular goatee upon his sad excuse for a chin.
“Of course, this could all be the work of some mean-spirited, jealous, god-like, super trooper, if only…” His eyes sprang up to ponder the ceiling. “The clues were not so obviously…obvious!”
He slowly began to rub his fuzzy abdomen before letting out a faint, squeaky, bubble of gas through his spongy posterior. “The king knows everything, I’m afraid, or possibly…soon will.” Another thought raised its hand for attention. “Or, perhaps he is, in fact, the bumbling idiot my thoughts so often portray him as being, and cannot see the foreshadowing on the wall from a splayed plate of Devonshire snails.”
Then, in a stark moment of cerebellum solidarity, a crystal clear thought elbowed its way to the front of the line. Vespius creaked a smile across his young face. “Yes,” he whispered, “Yes…” 
The successful thought beamed proudly inside his head, and bowed, while a group of pithy neurons clapped in clamorous approval.

*****

The sun arose over Fouldune and began burning off the morning fog that slowly lifted up from the river. A rooster crowed in the distance. A band of ducks scurried across the main road. An old man stood on a corner and sold dirty magazines in brown paper bags. 
Fouldune was much larger than Timbrook, and was strategically located on the Mea Culpa River, which ran parallel to the city on its southeastern side. A weathered dock showed the location of the city to passing riverboats and the occasional floating corpse. 
A small wooden structure was located next to the dock and therein lived an artful dodger by the name of Ballooka Sawtooth, an ex-sailor in the Royal Navy of Bubbyland ― a country that had only one ship and not a single large body of water. 
A thin, rocky trail led up the shore to the town proper. Several shops lined this road, which passed through the center of town, and connected with the main thoroughfare in the region. It was called ‘the old road’ — for it was, well, very old. It ran from the western city of Valdorlok, through Fouldune, and continued on to the fortified city of Carbuckle, and then, even further northeast, to the cities of Rottweillor and Walder. A smaller side road jutted from this main artery just outside of Fouldune and led to Timbrook — the infamous ‘road to nowhere.’ 
Fouldune was just a stop on the way to the other much larger, or strategically more important towns and cities in the region. But, over time, the river town had become famous for its 24-hour waffle houses, wagon repair shops, gambling dens, and bargain-priced brothels. There’s an old saying about the town, which pretty much describes its reputation: ‘All food, freight, and sexually-transmitted diseases eventually pass through Fouldune.’ 
Whenever a wagon driver, or tradesman, or insurance salesman comes down with strangely-placed blisters, or happens to find tiny arthropods crawling through his little curlies, his suspicious mate would, at some point, be bound to ask: “You stopped in Fouldune, didn’t ya?”
Smugglers, outlaws, bandits, thieves, and shifty-eyed public accountants all hung out there, whispering to each other in dark alleys and dimly lit pubs, or discussing tax laws in the lobbies of various houses of ill repute. Unsavory characters of all shapes and shoe sizes converged there, and anything that can be bought and sold was fair game in its markets: stolen kisses, pinched pennies, snagged hosiery, fenced fences, pocketed picks, fleeced sheep, and even poached eggs —all were available any time day or night.
Unlike Timbrook, there was actually a police force of sorts — a few spindly guards under the direction of Sheriff John Brown. They kept a close watch on the activities practiced, and took a large cut of the action. They supposedly patrolled the roads, but could be easily persuaded by a small bag of gold or a nicely buttered goose, or sometimes by just making a scary face at them. After such actions, they would simply look in the other direction ― or perhaps scream and run in that direction ― while bandits pillaged a wagonload of National Geographic magazines or molested the animals in a circus caravan.
The streets were littered with horse traders and cattle rustlers, wrinkled alcoholics and laid-off court jesters. Eight out of every ten people seen would be wearing a hood of some sort, and many also wore dark sunglasses, or trench coats with crisp fedoras. Most had shifty eyes and broken noses or dimpled chins and pinky rings. Leisure suits were a big hit here back in ‘96, but had recently died out as a fashion gesture. Everyone seemed to have a nickname, like ‘Two-Toes’, ‘Snake-Eyes’, ‘Bullet-Head’, or just ‘Nick-Name’.
Fouldune, though, was a melting pot of sorts ― that is, if you liked your stew heavy on the sinister side, with an ingredient list that contained: ‘one knife between the shoulder blades’.
However, there were a few residents you could invite to a bar mitzvah, and not have to worry about them shaking down the hired band for loose change and bus tokens. One such citizen was Harv Matters, and his wife Delores, and their little demon of a son, Harv-2, who actually, you might not invite anywhere unless you liked your shins repeatedly kicked.
On this particular morning, while the rest of the city slowly awoke to the usual morning racket, Harv Matters awoke to a horrible ‘plunking’ sound. Along with the noise came an agonizing throbbing inside his head. 
As tiny switches inside his brain slowly sputtered ‘on’, he suddenly realized that the loud plunking sounds and throbbing pain were somehow related.
This notion was made ever more clear as a third sound was added to the syncopated plunking and throbbing, specifically — his own voice — which vocalized each pulse of pain with a very audible squawk. The entire morning opus went something like this:
‘Plunk!’ Throbbing pain. “Oh!”
‘Plunk!’ Throbbing pain. “Oh!”
‘Plunk!’ Throbbing pain. “Oh!”
Finally, when most of the functional switches inside his cranium were turned on, and his eyelids fluttered open, he realized that his darling son, the light of his life, had somehow mistaken his head for an anvil. He saw his little pride and joy sitting upon his chest and smiling like only a two-year old can smile, as he repeatedly brought a tiny silver hammer down upon Harv’s ringing skull. Now, a third sound was added to the morning musical, namely Harv-2’s mischievous laugh.
‘Plunk!’ Throbbing pain. “Oh!” Hee-hee!
‘Plunk!’ Throbbing pain. “Oh!” Hee-hee!
‘Plunk!’ Throbbing pain. “Oh!” Hee-hee!
It was at that point that Harv dramatically took hold of the situation by actually taking hold of the little hammer that his beautiful offspring was wielding, and giving the seed of his loins a nice, quality, pinch to the left earlobe. A high-pitched squeal ― like a piglet caught in a milking machine ― filled the room and into Harv’s throbbing head as he tried to stand up next to his bed. The sound was so intense that it made Harv tightly shut his eyelids and take his hands and firmly clasp them over his ears.
This, unfortunately, led to him inadvertently dropping the small hammer, which fell directly on top of his big toe, and sent him hopping about the bedroom like a one-legged kangaroo. This action did, however stop Harv-2’s wailing, and replaced it with a fit of loud giggling. 
Delores, Harv’s slightly better half, rushed into the bedroom and was not immediately impressed by her husband’s child-rearing techniques.
“Wha…?” she gasped, putting her hands to her mouth in shock.
Meanwhile, Harv-2, his face filled with gleeful laughter, pointed at his father and said: “Da-dee cray-zee.”
“Yes, he is,” his mother agreed. A small smile broke upon Delores’ face and it would stay there for exactly one minute and thirteen seconds, at which point it would be replaced by a look of surprise, and then, deep concern. This was due to the fact that exactly one minute and twelve seconds later, she saw her husband stub his toe on a table leg. 
Harv’s mind at that point might have contemplated the possibility that a man, hopping around in his bedroom, could — within fairly quick succession — injure both of his big toes. But, Harv’s brain had no opportunity to calculate such figures, for after the pain of the second injury shot up his leg, he immediately lost what little balance he had, and fell out the opened bedroom window ― thumping his head upon the sash as he went.
It was at that precise moment that Delores’s expression changed to one of deep concern. His son, however, fell flat on the floor — screaming in uncontrollable, high-pitched laughter.
Harv awoke a minute or so later for the second time in the same morning. He surprisingly felt quite warm and comfortable. It seemed as if he was still in some type of soothing dream-state, as he felt his body enveloped in a warm and calming moistness. He thought that this exact sensation must be what babies feel while still locked within their mother’s womb, and somewhere deep within his relatively small skull he perceived the vestiges of a faded, dust-covered memory starting to spurt out. A memory that had slowly wriggled free of its gray, sinewy bonds of repression, and burst into the dank cathedral of his consciousness. 
‘Yes,’ he suddenly thought, ‘it is all coming back to me…’ 
Slowly, he began to remember what it felt like inside his own mother’s womb. It was serene and calm and warm, with only soft and muffled sounds surrounding him. 
He smiled and curled up into a little fetal ball ― basking deep in the old, recessed memory. He saw a pink, watery world through tiny, underdeveloped eyeballs. He heard his mother’s ever-present heartbeat, and her voice, as she violently screamed at the neighbors. He felt the warmth of supreme comfort that comes only when encapsulated inside a liquid-filled sac of flesh and blood. He was once again in the first world he had ever known, the womb-world of his creation, and he was absolutely, perfectly, content.
Then, the smell hit him.
Gradually, hesitantly, he began to realize that just because one is engulfed in a warm, hushed moistness, one is not necessarily in a womb, and even though his present state of being had brought back some long-forgotten memories, one thing was positively, absolutely, out of place.
It was the horrendous stench! 
It broke through his womb-ish state of bliss like a premature caesarian extraction.
“Good Lord!” Harv suddenly blurted out, “What’s that horrible smell?”
A strange, ratchety, old voice replied, “Uh, might be that wagon full of horse crap you’re lying in.” 
It was at that point that Harv’s ears were filled with the most irritating and fluidic laugh he had ever heard. For a second or two, he thought that maybe one of his neighbors was trying to flush a hyena down a toilet. 
Harv rose to his feet amidst the sloshing and slorking sounds, as the manure held on to him much the same way a psychotic lover holds on to ‘the only person in the world that truly understands me!’ 
He started breathing through his mouth — his face contorting to reflect the ever-rising amount of stench that his movements had caused. “Good grief!” he exclaimed, “If my mother’s placental fluid smelled anything like that, I’d have been out of there in two weeks!”
He wiped his eyes with the front of his shirt, and saw standing before him a pile of ratty clothes that to some extent resembled an old man. His grimy and shriveled little skull was slightly cocked to the left. A thin and gravelly voice asked: “What was that about your mother’s placenta?” The old man wheezed, before spitting a brackish material from out of his mouth and onto the street. 
“Nothing, nothing...” Harv replied. He looked at his arms and legs and saw them covered in a layer of greenish-brown dung. He looked back at the cart and saw the impression of his body in the mound of horse manure — a dark olive silhouette surrounded by a dried, brown heap. Steam and flies lifted from the massive mess.
He turned and asked the elderly bucket of bones, “How did I wind up in a cart of horse manure?”
The old man just spat, and then opened his mouth slightly as the area was again filled with the same horrible, phlegm-filled sound as before. 
Harv suddenly looked about. “Good Lord!” he screamed, “did somebody just try to flush a hyena down a toilet again?’ 
He soon realized however, that the sound was actually the old man’s screeching attempt at laughter. Harv rolled his eyes and smirked before hearing his wife’s voice from above. Looking up, he was suddenly doused by a bucket-full of water — followed a few seconds later by the bucket itself — which cracked him right in the forehead. 
It was the last thing Harv felt that beautiful morning, and he never even saw it coming.

A couple of hours later, Delores Matters was briskly walking up the stairs toward the bedroom. She carried a large bowl of water and several towels. Inside the room was her mother and her son, sitting on a small chaise in the corner. Lying in the bed was her husband, with a cloth wrapped around his sore melon. A small red spot stained the bandage just above his forehead. He had been thoroughly washed and placed in dry bedclothes, all by Delores, with her mother assisting a little before the smell made her break out in hives. 
Harv’s wife sat down next to him and softly placed a cool, wet towel along his brow. 
“Oh, dear,” she said, “I hope I didn’t kill him.”
Her mother looked over and replied, “Naw, he’s head is hard as week-old bread…and pro’bly twice as moldy.” 
Delores faintly smiled, ignoring the remark and choosing to think only good thoughts. The accident wasn’t entirely her fault; she was simply trying to wake her husband up after his fall from the window. She grabbed the wash bucket by the bed and thought it was the quickest possible means toward reviving him. How was she to know that the handle was faulty and caused the object to accidentally slide from her fingers?
Her thoughts were interrupted by a bell downstairs. Turning quickly, she looked to the stairs and muttered, “I should’ve locked the door. Mother, watch Harv-2, and tend to my husband, please…call me if he wakes up.” She handed the wet cloth over, and after straightening herself up a bit, ran briskly down the stairs. “Coming!” she yelled.
Harv and Delores had owned the small shop for over three years. It started out as a general store of sorts, but over time, Harv had begun to sell more and more animal skins, leather goods, and stuffed pets. He was a very good taxidermist, though the art form itself was still a young one and the necessary supplies were hard to come by. His specialty was little nature-oriented dioramas and mounted heads. He had been working exceptionally hard lately, as he had just received a special order of several African antelope skulls. He was anxious to have them mounted and to see how much he could obtain for such rare and unusual artifacts. 
“Skin Matters,” was the name of the shop and the sign above the door had a faded and chipped painting of a flayed rabbit skin. Business was steady, what with gamblers and traders always frequenting the city, and there were many who would trade their entire wardrobe for a few pieces of silver to spend on a night of debauchery at one of the local sporting-goods stores.
When she entered the curtains that separated the shop from the rest of the living quarters, she saw two rather odd fellows — odd-looking because they didn’t appear like they had cut someone’s throat the night before. Even though their clothes were a bit dirty, they were not dressed in a sinister fashion, though they did both have their hoods up. 
“Yes,” she smiled, “How may I help you?”
“Well, we have a few pelts that we thought we might be able to sell or trade.” The taller man said. He opened a large pouch and laid several skins upon the counter. The smaller man did likewise. 
She gave the assorted items a good look-over and grimaced. “Well, the truth is, we don’t have much use for rabbit skins…this boar hide is worth a little.” Then, Delores noticed something. She held up one of the pelts that had been sewn together in a rather unusual pattern. 
“Are these a pair of furry shorts?” she asked.
The taller man smiled. His teeth were perfect and white — an unusual feature in these parts. He spoke softly, with just a hint of authority in his voice. “Well, we were in a bit of a desperate situation at one time.” 
“Hmmm…I bet,” she slightly frowned. “This stitching though, it’s a ‘double-helix-cross-over.” She looked up again at the taller man, a blonde frock of hair peeked out from under his hood. “Did you get this from a monk?”
Oldsmobill raised his eyebrows a bit. “No, I stitched that myself.”
“Interesting…” she replied. “Tell you what, I can give you five pieces of silver for the whole lot.”
He looked over at Johann who was busy staring at a stuffed beaver on a shelf near the door.
Delores added: “Or a half-cask of spiced rum, whichever you prefer.”
Olds turned to her and smiled. “We’ll take the silver.”
As Delores packed away the skins and dug a small bag of coins from a pocket on her vest, Olds looked round the shop. On the walls were all types of skins and animal heads. Some were fashioned into helmets and vests. A few swords and axes hung upon the walls, as well as an assortment of small bucklers and shields. Several stuffed animals were displayed in the window and in an area by the counter.
“Where’d you get those boots?” Delores abruptly asked, “Or did you make those as well?”
“No, these were a gift.” 
“They are very nice,” she replied, while laying the silver pieces on the counter. As he approached, she leaned forward a little and whispered, “Y’know, though… they don’t go with the rest of your outfit...”
He quietly picked up the money. When it was in his pocket, he replied, with a sly grin: “They once did.”
Delores smiled back. “You two, you’re new here, right?”
Johann, at that point, accidentally knocked over a large, stuffed bear carcass, which also tipped over a bronze shield and sent it crashing to the floor. The metal disc continued to slowly spin and reverberate loudly upon the wooden boards for nearly a minute and a half. Olds waited until it was finally quiet again, but just when he was about to speak, he heard Johann meekly whisper: “Heh…sorry.”
Delores sarcastically declared: “I’ll take that as a yes.” She smiled in a friendly, if somewhat detached, way at the two men. 
Johann began picking up the bear display and the shield and continued to apologize for his clumsiness. “It’s these damned soggy shoes!” he gasped.
Olds glanced back at Delores and noticed that her soft chin was slightly raised and her eyelids partially lowered, giving her a somewhat dignified expression. She seemed to be quite strong and confident. Her eyes were a bright blue and seemed to sparkle with quiet intensity, and even though she wasn’t wearing any type of makeup, there was a natural beauty in the contours and composition of her face that made Olds want to keep looking at it. 
“Yes,” he abruptly stated, and she turned her attention back to him, “my friend here is from Timbrook, and I am from Allegoria. We’ve come here looking for work.”
“Well, if I may offer you a bit of advice,” Delores said, “Be careful.” She leaned her head to the side a little and raised an eyebrow, while slightly motioning her finger towards the floor. “Especially with those rather extravagant boots.”
“Thank you, madam. We will try our best.” Oldsmobill beamed and bowed a bit. “It has been a pleasure,” he said, and with that, he and Johann left the shop. He turned to smile again at her as he closed the door behind him, but she was busy laying the pelts upon a small table by the counter and didn’t look up.
After a few seconds, Delores heard the little bell above the door ring again and she lifted her head and watched the two men make their way down the steps in front of the shop and up the road. She glanced over at the small rabbit-fur vest and its unusual stitching, before glancing back out the window. She felt vaguely intrigued by the mysterious stranger and his somewhat clumsy and silent friend, but she didn’t quite know why.
She unexpectedly heard her mother call out and she ran to the door, locked it tight, put up the “closed” sign, and ran as fast as she could up the stairs.

Johann and Olds meanwhile walked briskly down the street. Olds’ spurs clinked with each step.
“Five silver pieces, is that good?” Johann asked.
“Not good enough, I’m afraid, but I’ve never sold rabbit and boar skins before.” Olds replied. He could sense that already people were watching them from the shadows of the alleys, doorways, and windows —spying their movements, trying to size the two of them up, and check for any weaknesses. Unseen scoundrels made little calculations of whether or not Oldsmobill and Johann had anything worth fighting for, and how hard they might fight to keep it. Olds knew the boots would attract attention, that he is why he wore them. But now, he wondered if it was the kind of attention he actually wanted.
“Remember to keep your guard up Johann…we’ve already attracted some suspicious glances our way.”
“Aye, I’ve noticed. I’m beginning to wonder if wearing a rabbit suit would have been a better idea.”
Olds suddenly heard the familiar sounds of a pub, familiar, because pubs, bars, and saloons seem to sound exactly the same no matter where they are located in the world. The sign above the bar read: ‘The Hoof and Mouth’. He stopped in front of the establishment and stared at the darkened doorway, but Johann kept walking a ways before he suddenly noticed that there wasn’t any more jingling and jangling. He eventually stopped as well.
“What say we have a cup of ale, my good friend?” Olds brightly bubbled.
“What? In there?”  Johann replied. He looked at the weather-beaten building and curled his lips in displeasure. “Sorry, but I don’t like having a shiv shoved in my kidneys while I’m drinking.”
“Oh, I’m sure we have nothing to fear…its looks like a nice, family establishment.”
“Yea, if your family belongs to the Mafia.”
Olds put his arm around his friend and began walking him in. “We need gold, and where better to find it then in there?”
Johann grunted and gave Olds a derisive look. “The only gold we’re liable to find in there are from the stolen teeth of pensioners.”
Olds just smirked and led Johann upon a little porch in front of the tavern. It too was weather-beaten and rickety, and contained an assortment of empty jugs, casks, and broken Grecian urns. There was an elderly blind man sitting near the corner on a chair. He was petting a dog that had large chunks of dried mud matted in its fur. The old geezer smiled and held out his hand as the two walked up. Olds slapped it with his own and said, “Wha’s up, Holmes?”
The old man rubbed his fingers together, grumbled, and then sent a glob of spit toward the street.
The inside of the bar was dark and smoky. There was no door, just splinters in the doorway where the hinges had once been. As the two casually walked into the place, they saw the type of den where angels fear to tread, mainly because they would surely have their wings and halos ripped-off the minute they walked inside, and quickly sold at the nearest pawn shop. 
The place had the usual assortment of low-life’s. Around worn tables they sat — rogues and rascals of all types. There were hooded muggers and sneak thieves ― always on the lookout for an elderly man to roll for his bifocals and gum-wrappers. There were road bandits and highwaymen, with their muddy boots and handkerchiefs, just having a few drinks until the next unguarded shipment of cantaloupes or breaded fish sticks made its way down the road. In the far corner, and in what so happened to be the darkest part of the bar, was a table of thuggish outlaws, just in town to rest their horses, and to determine which babies they could steal candy from next.
To Olds’ left, near the door and in front of the only window in the place, were a one-eyed mandolin player and an elderly gent holding a large scroll.
“Great,” Olds sarcastically whispered, “we arrived right in the middle of a karaoke competition.” 
As if on cue, the mandolin player started playing a few familiar notes, as the old man, in a deep baritone voice started to slowly sing:
“There is…a house…in New Orleans, they call the ‘Rising Sun’…”
With each step Olds’ spurs clinked and plinked, accompanied by the thump of his heavy boots upon the worn floorboards. He sounded quite a bit like Clint Eastwood did in every movie where he happened to amble into a spaghetti western bistro.
“Clump, jing! Clump, jing! Clumb, jing!”
The two sat down on a couple of stools, and when the barkeeper, a rather large fellow with a very pug-shaped nose, looked to them, Olds asked for two pints of ale. He poured the drinks into a pair of handcrafted wooden mugs ― expertly carved to look like pineapples. He smiled mulishly and collected two silver coins, before resuming his effort at seeing how far his index finger would fit inside his left nostril. 
Johann took a deep drink. He secretly loved ale; mainly because it was so thick and heavy that it was more like eating a meal than drinking a beverage. Wiping the little foam mustache onto his sleeve, he exclaimed, “Heh, it’s surprisingly good!”
Though no one had, as of yet, made any obvious signs of it, Olds knew that several pairs of eyes were intently watching them. Some just glanced over repeatedly. Others bent their heads down and stared quite thoroughly. Olds sipped his ale, and agreed with Johann, it was quite good.
The two sat in silence for a few minutes, enjoying the little reward they had spent their money on, and thinking that a little peace and a little ale is certainly worth two pieces of silver. 
A bearded fellow stepped up to the bar and flipped the barkeep a silver piece. “Ale,” he demanded. 
Olds looked over at the strange figure, for even though the man was wearing all black and had a full, dark beard, he sounded like a woman imitating a man’s voice. The figure downed the ale quickly and motioned for another. A few seconds later, a high-pitched hiccup popped out of his mouth. He put a dark-gloved hand to his beard and stated in the same odd voice, “Excuse me.”
Olds’ suspicious left eyebrow rose. He was about to say something to the rosy-cheeked man with the rather smooth features, when the darkly-clad figure took the remainder of the ale and bounded over to a dark corner of the bar. Oldsmobill continued to stare as he caught a faint whiff of perfume in the air. He was pondering what he had just witnessed when he suddenly heard a strange sound ― it was a ‘thump-tock’ sound as if someone was stomping their foot and then rapping the floorboards with their cane. At first, Olds thought a percussionist had joined the karaoke session, but the beat was way off. He glanced over his shoulder and saw a rather peculiar sight. 
After performing a double take ― for it took him a moment to fully register what he had actually seen ― he whispered, “Now, why…in a bar…in Fouldune…hundreds of miles from any type of ocean…would there be…a pirate?”
Johann stared at the peg-legged buccaneer slowly limping towards them and softly asked, “I wonder what he does with all his right-footed shoes?” 
The pirate was rather tall and burly with a thick, black beard and long, dark, curly hair. He had a Napoleonic three-sided hat on his head and a dark-blue coat with tarnished gold buttons and fuzzy shoulder boards, His dirty pants had probably originally been white, but were now a mixture of khaki and gray, and they billowed out at the knees. His left leg contained a knee-high black boot, while his right had a large, oval-shaped chunk of wood. There was also a parrot on his shoulder, though upon closer examination it turned out to just be a badly-stuffed pigeon that had been sloppily painted many colors. It was obviously pinned, or possibly sewn, to the shoulder of his jacket.
The pirate leaned against the bar and looked directly at Olds, who was attempting to hide his face with his hand. The pirate next pulled out a long-stemmed pipe and began puffing upon it. Several seconds later, he decided it best to actually light the silly thing. A thin stream of smoke wafted into the air and filled the bar room with the charred and slightly grassy bouquet of burning cow manure.
Olds took a very long drink, and after finishing the ale, brought the flagon down hard upon the bar — producing a loud “thunk.” He quickly turned to the buccaneer and firmly stated, “If you say ‘Aargh’, I’m going to crack you in the side of the head with this flagon, got it?”
The pirate’s face was suddenly filled with confusion and astonishment. He tried mouthing several words — touching the end of his teeth with the tip of his tongue, looking about, furrowing his brow, and biting his bottom lip — but nothing came out. Finally, he rolled his eyes, and in a voice that sounded like the inevitable, simply whispered: “Aargh.”
Olds’ flagon connected right above the pirate’s left temple and the old buccaneer feel hard upon the floor. The stuffed pigeon rolled about in a semi-circle around his head. The old scallywag’s peg-leg suddenly fell off ― revealing a clean, and wiggling, but perfectly healthy, bare foot.
“I warned you!” Olds jumped up and yelled, while pointing down at the befuddled buccaneer.” You can’t say I didn’t warn you!”
The pirate waved his hands in a front of him, and in a somewhat tragic and pleading voice, cried, “Aargh! But, I don’t know how to start a sentence without saying it…aargh!” He covered his head and fully expected a good flogging at that point. 
Johann calmly looked round the bar and notice that no one else was paying much attention to what was going on, but he could feel that everyone in the place was actually paying very close attention to everything that was going on.
Meanwhile, Olds started to smile, and after looking upon the poor wreck a little, offered his hand to him. The pirate, after a few cautious seconds, accepted it and was helped to his feet. He sat down next to Olds and said to the barman: “Aargh! A pint of ye finest brew, matey.”
The pig-nosed server withdrew his index finger, looked at it a second, and slowly poured a pint of ale. “The name’s Henry,” the bartender said plainly, while sitting a pint jar in front of the pirate, “…Not ‘matey’. That’ll be a silver from ya…admiral.”
The buccaneer gave him a sneering look and flipped him a silver coin. He then bent down and picked up his stuffed pigeon and faux peg-leg. He looked over at Olds and flashed a greenish-yellow smile.
“Aargh, name’s Cap’n Kidneybean, matey…’tis always a pleasure to meet a man well-versed in the art of flagon flogging.” He next held out what appeared to be a dirty hoof with fingers. 
Oldsmobill shook his hand and introduced himself and Johann. He humbly apologized for hitting the Cap’n in the head, but he had thought the buccaneer was a horrible stereotype and didn’t want him tarnishing his reputation. But after the captain’s fake peg-leg fell off, Olds quickly realized that he was only a harmless parody. 
The salty, old, brine-drinker accepted his apology, for Oldsmobill seemed quite sincere — and who could possibly resist those puppy-dog eyes?
 Cap’n Kidneybean shrugged off the obvious assault and battery charges and bought a round of brews for the two. During the conversation that followed, the Cap’n said that he was in town looking for shipmates on a little trade vessel that was heading down river the following morning. He stated that he was taking a cargo of fine Italian marble and a few planks of expensive wood up the Mea Culpa River for the Royal Palace re-modeling effort in Rottweillor. 
During this entire conversation, he kept trying to get his fake parrot to stay upon his shoulder, but every time he pinned the feathery object to his coat, it would stand straight for only a second or two, before falling face-down upon his chest. “Aargh!” he growled, “This ‘ere parrot has lost all his avian self-esteem.”
He quickly pulled out a large roll of duct-tape from his coat pocket and messily adhered the feathered blob to his shoulder. “Aargh! That’s more like it, now his confidence appears to be on the upswing.”
Johann rolled his eyes. He then forcefully grabbed Oldsmobill’s arm, as well as his attention, and rolled his eyes again — just for emphasis.
At that moment, a thin skeleton of a man took the karaoke stage and did an amazing rendition of Traffic’s “John Barleycorn Must Die.”

*****

Crown Prince Vespius Cornswallow slowly made his way down into the basement of the castle. After nodding at several roguish and dim-witted guards, and being allowed through a few metal gates, he came to a large wooden door. Another oaf scampered by him, and with a very large key, quickly opened it. Vespius stepped inside and waited for it to close again. The guard briefly peered through the rectangular peephole before slowly stepping away from the door. 
The room was aglow with a warm, orange light from a burning candlestick encased with wax drippings. There was always a candle burning here and the thick layer of wax surrounding the candlestick showed that several had been used before. An older gentleman, with wild, unkempt hair and a long, flowing, gray beard, sat at a small table near the candle, feverishly writing. He didn’t bother looking up; he knew who it was, for only one person in the entire world was ever allowed to visit him in his cell. 
About the table, and scattered around a small cot, were pages and pages of his writings, along with two stacks against the back wall. A small dish of half-eaten food sat next to the door.
Vespius picked up a few of the pages and scanned their contents. “Still more prophecies, Bishop Lamprey?”
The old man continued scratching his quill pen on a page until he came to a stopping point. He looked up briefly. “They never end…much like time itself…” He suddenly looked to his left as if he had just seen something, before resuming his scribbling.
His pages were filled with all sorts of horrific visions that he had seen, in addition to numerous passages of peaceful scenes as well, and many, many details of past and future discoveries and inventions. The problem was that there was no time-line, no way of knowing when the prophecies of the future would occur, or when exactly any of the events he so dutifully recorded actually took place. Bishop Lamprey saw a world where the past, the present, and the future, all take place at the exact same time.
Vespius put the pages down upon a small cot in the corner. “I was reading the writings of Vas Deferen yesterday,” he plainly declared, “You told me that he had held the stone once, after a battle…”
“No, no, no…” Lamprey exclaimed. “It was after the siege of Bartok…when he ruled…not after the battle. No, wait, it was after the battle but before he was born. It was in the mausoleum there…” He paused a second or two, staring at the wall, before he went back to writing.
“He doesn’t say what happened to it. His…madness…makes everything…”
“Madness?” Lamprey asked, “Madness, you call it. No, no, no, enlightenment! Vas Deferen held the stone! He actually held it in his capricious hands! Oh, you cannot possibly imagine what he saw?”
The old man waved his pen in the air. His eyes were wide and wild-looking. His lips dribbled with spit. “Austria, Rome, Jerusalem, Stonehenge…then to America, France, Austria, Italy, then back to Bartok and lost in the cave and discovered by…” His thoughts were spiraling into themselves. His eyes darted round the room as his lips quivered. Then his mind slowly caught up to the images again. “Vas Deferen wrote about it and then it was featured on a televised special and painted on a cave wall and worshipped by a tribe and taken to Rome, then Gagglehorn, then Rome, then London, then Bartok…” He closed his eyes tightly, grabbed the sides of his head firmly, and bellowed: “No more questions! No more!”
Vespius didn’t flinch. He was used to the man’s outbursts. Lamprey was as mad now as the long dead Vas Deferen and several others that had come in close contact with the stone. Their minds were lost to the visualizations of thousands of years of time occupying a single second — all those days, years, centuries, moments, events, lives, and history — all occurring in a flash. All that Lamprey did was try to pick out details each time this mass of images pulsated through his brain — a moment here and a century there. 
Vespius stared at the stacks of paper for several minutes, before slowly exiting the cell. As he walked down the hall, he heard the old fellow continue to shout out the names of the various cities and places where the stone had been, each time in a different order. 

*****

The shadowy figure sat in a corner of the ‘Hoof and Mouth’ and slowly sipped upon a glass of ale. Her gloved fingers, thin and delicate, moved the hairs of the fake beard away from her red lips.
Her name was Rita Razgu, and she didn’t enjoy impersonating a man. The fake beard was itchy and always in the way. The tightly-bound layers of gauze she wore under her dark clothes ― to conceal her shapely figure ― were binding and irritable. The leather pants were hot and chaffing. The boots were heavy and cumbersome. She hated trying to walk like a man ― all that sauntering and swinging of shoulders ― it was nearly unbearable — and we won’t even get into the whole spitting thing — which she couldn’t for the life of her understand.  What was the compulsion? How is it possible that a man can spend several hours inside a building and never feel the need to spit, but once they’re outside, it’s like  ―  ‘Oh, my god! I’m outside! I gotta spit!’
What was it that caused this primeval urge to spew salvia every three minutes or so? Was it a gland in their mouths that only kicks in when outside in the fresh air? Were they afraid of possibly drowning in their own oral juices?
She just couldn’t figure it out, but whenever she was around a few males ― determined to spew after each and every breath ― she felt that she need to compulsively spit, or else be discovered as not having been born with those ‘things’ dangling between her legs.
No matter how much it displeased her, she would join in the ritual and spit like a camel, if need be. Because, she was on a mission and she had traveled many miles all alone, and for a woman, that can be dangerous. Rita could certainly take care of herself; she wasn’t too concerned about being accosted. It was the delay that she was worried about. For when most of the men in the region spy a woman traveling alone, they immediately figure that she is on the hunt for a man, and, as with most males of the species, they thought they would be perfect for the job.
She moved the itchy, disgusting beard away from her lips and finished her glass of ale. Looking round the bar again, she dared not imagine the consequences if she took off the beard. One look at her and they’d be killing one another within minutes
She didn’t have time for that, or the bragging, or the pick-up lines, and she certainly didn’t have time to wait for the outcome of the numerous pissing contests that would surely ensue. ‘No, no…’ she whispered to herself. She didn’t have time for any of that.
She had stopped in Fouldune to let her horse rest a little and to get some water, and she took the opportunity to down a couple of ales, stretch her muscles, and readjust the bindings around her torso.  She didn’t have time for free drinks, bouquets of flowers, and wedding proposals. She was on an urgent journey to Carbuckle. A mission she was forced to take.
Her eyes darted about the room and once again landed upon the blonde-haired knight and his shorter companion at the bar. They were talking to the pirate guy after the taller guy had nearly knocked the old buccaneer’s lights out. Now they were smiling and conversing like old pals.
“Men…” she whispered to herself.
She stood up and groaned in the deepest voice she could manage. She then bounded over to the door, put her two tightly-clenched hands upon her waist, and spewed a glob of spit so big and onerous out into the street, that even a major league baseball player would have surely stood and cheered upon witnessing it. She snorted and bounded down the steps to her horse, and soon after, galloped away.
A cloud of dust wafted through the air as well as a little lilac and rose petal-scented perfume. Gnarly, the old blind man, sat on the porch of the ‘Hoof and Mouth,’ and took a big whiff and smiled.
“Har-har! That feller must be French…” he graveled to his dog.

*****

Cap’n Kidneybean continued to drink and smoke his pipe, and tell his two new drinking buddies of his misfortunate stay in Fouldune. He told them that once they’d docked at Fouldune, most of his crew ran into the town and cashed in their vouchers and bottle caps for days of gambling and drunken depravity. Those that weren’t killed in barroom fights or while attempting to seduce armed, wayward Scots, either died in the arms of their favorite prostitute, or ending up marrying them and moving to Amsterdam. Only a couple of his crewmen remained, and they were stationed on his mighty ship, protecting the valuable cargo with several stainless steel surgical implements and a crate full of vicious Tasmanian devils.
“Aargh!” the Cap’n started another sentence, “I could use two adventurous scabies liken yerselves. Aargh! If I don’t get out of this ‘ere place soon, I’ll lose me marble…and me marbles…at the same time.”
“But, I don’t know anything about working on a boat,” Johann replied, “for that matter, I don’t even know what a boat looks like!”
“How much?” Olds abruptly asked.
The Cap’n thought for a second, before glancing over at his parrot. “Aargh, thirty gold for ye two landlubbers, if’s we makes landfall at Rottweillor without our kippers bein’ splattered all o’er the poop deck.”
“See,” Johann yelped, “I haven’t the slightest idea what any of that meant!”
“We’ll take it!” Olds exclaimed, shaking the buccaneer’s hand.
“Aargh, I’ll make sailors out of ye…bet’cher wet bottoms on that one, me mateys!” The Cap’n rose from his stool, and began to slip his peg-leg back upon his pale right foot. “Aargh, be down at the docks at sunrise tomorrow, or your souls be damned…by hell or high-water, knee-deep in troubles and keel-hauled by a mermaid wearin’ two squids as a brassiere…and let ye be called by ev’ry scallywag with sea-legs: ‘chickens of the sea!”
He looked round the tavern, but seeing only the usual assortment of repeat parole violators, limped out the doorway and down the street.
Johann grabbed Olds’ arm, “Are you crazy?” he loudly whispered.
“No…just desperate for cash,” he replied.
Johann grunted, and stormed out of the bar. 
Olds ran after him down the street. Johann knew that his hunting companion was quickly approaching from behind by the loud jingling of his spurs. 
“Hey, what’s the problem?” Oldsmobill yowled. “You said you wanted to see the world.” 
Johann stopped and turned. With an angry expression on his face, he yelled back: “No, I didn’t. I said I wanted to leave Timbrook…not go down river with an obviously deranged man that just happens to think he’s a pirate!”
Olds shrugged. “Well, for all we know, he could have, at one time, actually been one…”
“No, I don’t think so, or else he could afford either an actual parrot or at least a reasonable facsimile.”
“I thought it was kind of cute…”
“He’s a mental case!”
“No, he’s just…living his dream.”
Johann bit his lip and scoffed, “Living a delusion, more like!”
What neither one of them noticed was that as soon as they had left the bar, four other men, sitting at one of the tables immediately got up and followed them out, filling their pockets with the complimentary peanuts and corn chips, before exiting.
Due to their arguing, both Olds and Johann also failed to recognize they had inadvertently walked into a less-populated area of town, and the population that actually did inhabit that area, didn’t seem to mind if someone was beaten to a pulp and robbed of everything they owned right in the middle of the street. In fact, some of the residents actually thought such incidents were a nice form of wholesome family entertainment.
“…And another thing, you may not have heard about this in Allegoria, but traveling the Mea Culpa can be quite dangerous and …” 
Johann saw them first; all five were slowly forming a circle around them while producing their most sinister of looks. They were each quite villainous in appearance, too. Their flowing cloaks, high leather boots, dark beards, and especially the black masks, made them even more so. Each had an unsavory look in their eyes like construction workers gawking at two enormous cheeseburgers.
“Yes, but…” Olds saw the look in Johann’s eyes and slowly glanced around. He slyly turned to Johann and cracked a faint smile. “Remember what we practiced,” he whispered.
He turned his eyes back to the tallest scoundrel and started to broadly smile. He lifted his arms slightly, like a magician who had just made a rabbit disappear. 
“I thought this conversation was private, but there’s one thing you can always count on in this town, there’s constantly someone that wants to butt in.” Olds declared.  
A huge man, wearing a dark hooded cloak, opened it to reveal a long, curved, sword under a black sash around his waist. “Nice boots,” he snarled, before grunting a chuckle or two. The other henchmen followed suit and laughed a round of thin, hollow laughs.
“Oh, these?” Olds grinned, “They’re nothing…made out of old tin foil and cheap paint. Nothing special about these.” He raised one boot in the air, and wiped it with his hand. It glistened brightly in the noonday sun. “Look, it has all these curse words scratched into it. Totally worthless.”
“Then let us have ‘em,” the huge slug replied, and the rest of the group did their hollow laughter bit again.
Olds continued to grin, but his demeanor had changed a tad, and there was definitely a serious look in his narrowed eyes. “Sorry, my friend, they were a gift from me poor ol’ mum, right before she joined the French Foreign Legion.”
The foreboding bear of man quickly drew his scimitar out and held it menacingly in the air ― in other words ― he pointed it at Oldsmobill and waved it around a little. “Then I’ll cut off your legs and take ‘em,” he growled.
No one was laughing now.
Oldsmobill looked back at Johann who appeared a little nervous. He took a step back and lowered his arms to his side. Johann studied each outlaw and began to formulate a plan of action inside his black-haired bean.
Olds glanced down at his shiny boots. “Sorry, I don’t think I would like my new nickname to be “Stubby.” 
In a slow, smooth motion, the nimble knight pulled two sharpened stakes out of the back of his red hoodie and took a large step toward the thief. Before the man could move, Olds began playing an amazingly fast drum solo on the thug’s sternum, which caused the man’s dark eyes to widen as he started to slowly step back under the rhythmic onslaught. Olds continued to press forward ― keeping the large greaser off-balance. After several seconds of brutal chest thumping, he forcefully swung his arms outward, before bringing the end of each stake directly down on top of the outlaw’s wrists. The brute’s gloved hands splayed open under the twin impacts and his scimitar fell harmlessly to the ground. 
Olds stepped back and twirled the stakes around his fingers ― just like they had taught him to swing a baton in the Royal Drum Squad ― while slowly raising his arms in the air. As the two revolving stakes cleared the top of his blonde locks, he brought both down simultaneously on each side of the burly brigand’s neck. The outlaw collapsed to his knees, where he met the sole of Olds’ boot squarely in the nose. Blood spewed from the orifice and he fell backwards, quite unconscious.
Meanwhile Johann was keeping two of the other criminals back with a short, fishing spear ― spinning it around, and occasionally jabbing it at them. It was more of a stalling move, and was effective for a minute or so, until one of the thieves sliced the spear in half with a downward swing of his sword. Johann’s eyes enlarged as the two started toward him. He hastily reached into his pouch and threw a handful of rocks at them — a timely leftover from his earlier hunting techniques. This gave him just enough time to smack one on the ear with the remaining part of the spear, and ― in one fluid motion ― launch his trusty pocketknife into the other’s upper arm. He swung back around and kicked the first one in the knee with a soggy shoe, and followed up quickly with a cast-iron skillet to the other’s cranium.
Oldsmobill briefly incapacitated the fourth member of the gang by bouncing a stake off the bandit’s creviced brow. After deftly catching the spinning projectile on the rebound, he swung his entire body around and released it again at the bandit that Johann had just wounded. As the thugling glanced down at the pocketknife in his left arm, the wooden missile pierced his upper chest and cracked his collarbone. He fell to the ground, bleeding and writhing in intense pain. 
The thief with the head wound now stood up and began swinging madly at Olds with a short sword. Olds deflected the blows by hitting the flat of the bandit’s blade with his stake and repeatedly pushing the sword outward. When the man’s weapon was pushed so far away from his body that it caused him to lean upon one foot, Olds quickly brought the stake in toward his bloodied head with a forceful backstroke and giving the bandit another mark upon his brow. Olds repeated the maneuver — deflecting the sword strike, and then bringing the backstroke in to whack the surprised malcontent’s skull. After several moments of this, with several large welts appearing on the front of the outlaw’s head, his eyes began to roll back into his head. He started to stagger, gasped, and promptly fell face first to the ground.
The last bandit still standing held a stiletto and rapidly looked around — surveying the results of the combat thus far. He stuck a bony finger at each of his fallen companions and started to count up the odds inside his conical skull. 
The man’s eyes darted back and forth, slowly widening with fear. He suddenly squealed, turned, and began running away. As he ran, he heard a shrill, whistling sound, which grew more and more intense with each step. He took eleven such steps as he ran, but before he could take a twelfth, something struck the back of his neck with great force, and everything quickly went black.
“Yes!” Johann called out, while winding his slingshot up and placing it back in his pouch.
“Good shot!” Oldsmobill exclaimed, patting Johann on the back. After a quick survey of the carnage wrought, Olds walked over and grabbed the two swords the thieves had carried. Johann reached down and retrieved his handy pocketknife from one of the ambusher’s arm. The beleaguered man howled and rolled over on the ground. 
“Sorry,” Johann squeaked, “but that’s a family heirloom…” 
Olds made his way quickly to an alleyway. He looked back and waited for Johann to catch up. “What do you think? Should we head back to the forest?”
Johann smiled. “No, this is Fouldune. The place is legendary for its jaded population. Didn’t you hear the applause when you knocked that one guy out?”
“Okay,” Olds replied, “Let’s head for the river though, just in case.”
Johann agreed and the two hurried down an alleyway.

*****

In the crime-opolis of Fouldune, it is a well-known fact that Delores Matters is a very fine, upstanding citizen — and not a bad-looker either. She is statuesque in both her appearance and in her demeanor, but with a friendly and honest face. Her beauty is a natural and inherent kind, not the carefully crafted splendor of a pageant queen. Her attractiveness was a gift to her by her parents and she does little to try and enhance it.
She is deeply devoted to both her husband and their two-year old son — her devotion being as natural to her as her beauty, and if asked, she might answer in the same way she often answers such questions: “It is what it is.”
She’s a pragmatist. She had never planned on staying in Fouldune; she was actually on her way to Valdorlok, but then she met Harv. They quickly fell in love. She never questioned it, mainly because she was so thoroughly blind-sighted by it. She wasn’t looking to fall in love, and certainly didn’t expect it to happen so quickly. But, when she realized that she had met the man she was looking for, and discovered that this was the life she had always wanted. She stayed in the city. 
They made the best of it, and though sometimes they felt a little out of place in a town of such notoriety, they grew closer and closer to one another, and their influence in the town grew as well. When Harv-2 was born, they realized that even in a town such as this, there was always joy and hope in the world.
Her husband Harv is a very well-respected man in Fouldune, mainly because he isn’t a thief, or an extortionist, or an underling, or a henchman, or a gangsta’ wanna-be. He is Harv Matters, and he runs a legitimate business. He can always be counted on for at least trying to be a good, honest, hard-working man, in a town whose reputation was built on vice and the acquisition of a quick buck.
It is also a well-known fact in Fouldune that Harv was demoted from being the boss of his household some time ago. That suited him just fine. He is the kind of man that knows his place, not only in the small community that he had at least a little influence upon, but also in his own house, where he often wandered from room to room, resembling a migrating melon-on-a-stick.

He was still lying in his bed; slowly drifting just below the surface of consciousness. He felt the pain of his aching head flow in on a tide of muffled light, and the image of his son banging the daylights out his skull. Slowly, gingerly, the snorkeler rose upward, and the morning’s events were revealed to him when he reached the lapping surface.
“Ooh,” he mumbled, as he tried to raise his head. The pounding headache increased in intensity and produced a grunt in his throat.
“Harv?” The soft voice of his darling wife then broke through the gauzy light entering his squinted eyes. He felt her hand touch his cheek as a cool, moist cloth softly dabbed his brow. “Oh, my darling buffoon, are you alright?”
He slowly opened his eyes and saw the beautiful face of the woman that he loved. Her looks were what originally attracted him to her, but it was her intrinsic goodness and strength of character that made him truly adore her; that and the fact that she knew how to do more than just carry a tune when they made beautiful music together. 
“W-wha happened?”  he whispered, in the midst of a wince, “Who tried to assassinate me?”
Delores smiled, continuing to dab the wet towel to his head, while tenderly caressing his hair. “Oh, honey…no one. You just had a mishap,” she replied before softly kissing his cheek, “…or two…or three.”
Harv felt her loving hands running through his hair. He slowly creaked his eyelids open and saw her radiant face in the morning rays of the sun. 
She was tenderly staring back at him, and Harv smiled. That was the look, he thought. The one he adored the most. Whenever he saw her give him that particular look, he knew everything was going to be all right. He smiled faintly as his eyes closed and he felt himself drifting back under the dark water of consciousness. He saw her again in his mind, floating around the small stars that began revolving around him in the darkness. He remembered the first time he had seen that beautiful face, so many years ago...

When he had turned seventeen, Harv sincerely felt like he had become a man, even though he was still considered the runt of the litter by most of his family. His parents had eight children, and every one of them looked exactly like their father, who was a large barrel-chested man with thick red hair, piercing blue eyes and arms as big as fully-loaded duffle bags. His children all carried these traits, as well as the large shoulders, huge smelly feet, and the pronounced ridge of bone that ran along their eyebrows. This made the men of the Matters’ household extremely popular with the woman of the local village, and the three daughters quite popular to some of the woman as well. 
Harv was the last-born. He didn’t look at all like his father or his brothers and sisters ― he looked just like his mother. They both were small, dark-haired, pale-skinned, and somewhat beady-eyed. Some said that they looked fairly rat-like, but that was just people being cruel. There were also those that said he closely resembled a local plumber by the name of Roger Boggle, but that may have just been a coincidence, or perhaps a simple twist of genetic fate. Who can say for sure? 
Throughout most of his life, he had become accustomed to being repeatedly picked on, not only by his brothers and sisters — who always seemed to loom over him — but also by his parents, and the assorted household pets as well. Even the potted plants in the windowsill gave him a good ribbing whenever he walked by.
Any time anything went wrong, they inexplicably took it out on Harv. If one of his brothers nailed their finger to a plank of wood, Harv took a beating. If it rained two days in a row, Harv took a beating. If the family’s rooster died in a cockfight, Harv took a beating. If their cow gave birth to a mutant dog-like creature ― and yes, it did once ― Harv took a beating. In fact, thrashing Harv became such a common occurrence that when the local high school tennis team was shut out of the state finals, they all came over to the Matters’ household and pelted Harv with several cans of tennis balls before flogging him repeatedly with their rackets.
Harv somehow stayed alive during those youthful days of wonder, badly bruised perhaps, but by some strange miracle, still able to breathe and digest most food groups. On his seventeenth birthday he packed up his clothes and used-bandages, and bid his family farewell. 
They showed their sorrow by throwing rocks at him as he ran down the road.
He traveled for months and months — living off the land and taking a few odd jobs here and there. He finally arrived in Fouldune, where he found work cleaning out stables and public latrines, as well as any spot of ground in the city that an animal or human had decided was as good as any to take a dump. His title was ‘Sanitation Engineer,’ but most people just called him the ‘pooper scooper’.
A year later, he quit that job and took a nice long bath. 
He procured all of his savings and bought a little shack just outside of town. Actually, it was an old outhouse that had been repainted and given a new lease on life. Harv happily bought that lease, and began his hand at taxidermy. 
Two months into his new profession, he realized how much easier it was to stuff dead animals instead of living ones ― and his business began to flourish. He sealed up the hole in the floor of the outhouse with the profits.
His specialty was household pets, especially cats. He had learned a technique of pinning the cat’s eyebrow upward in much the same way a celebrity looks after their twentieth facelift. This procedure gave the cat an expression of typical benign, feline indifference. His customers would all exclaim, “That’s exactly how I remember him when he was alive! Geez! He’s looking at me like he truly hates my guts…and asking…in his own precious catlike way: ‘Where’s my food, you bipedal douche-bag?’ Oh, it’s perfect! It’s Mr. Whiskers to the tee! I love it!”
Harv’s business grew and he soon after added another outhouse to his establishment as well as a small teepee with a bedpan. Months passed, and one day he decided to attend a local church fish fry and bingo festival. It was there that he met Delores. She was working on an assembly line set up to prepare and cook the fish. It was her job to gut the fresh bass, before passing it on to a person who would remove the scales. 
The first moment he caught sight of her; he was struck by her natural good looks and her unfussy demeanor. He fell in love with the determination on her face as she sliced the fish’s belly open and carefully reached her thin fingers into its abdominal cavity and ripped out its internal organs with a delicate, but forceful, tug. He was smitten by the way she lightly kept her tongue in the corner of her mouth, as she gracefully lifted the handful of guts, blood, and sticky ooze, and elegantly flicked the dark, gelatinous mass into a bucket behind her. She then wiped her slightly sweating brow with the sleeve of her white smock and left a little trail of fish blood across her forehead, which appeared to Harv as a type of faded war-paint from an ancient, primeval race of warrior women. 
She would often puff a breath of air through her lips, and blow a strand of her beautiful brown hair out of her eyes, or a stray fish scale off of her nose.
He fell in love with her there and then, as he watched her working feverishly ― ankle-deep in fish guts and gore ― with her fingers covered in tiny bits of the fish’s intestinal contents.
“Hi, I’m Harv,” he nervously introduced himself. 
She flung another glob of innards into the bucket, which was starting to overflow. Looking up, she smiled, and was about to continue her work when she noticed something on Harv’s shirt. She pointed a purple and red finger towards him.
“You got a piece of intestine on your shirt,” she stated matter-of-factly.
Harv looked down and saw a red glob on his chest. He laughed nervously and scooped up the red globule with his finger and scooped it into his mouth. 
“Oh, no,” he lightly chuckled, “I just had a slice of raspberry pie…” 
A smirk lifted her lips slightly, as one of her eyebrows slowly rose. 
“Sorry…” he bashfully chortled, “I guess I’m a bit of a messy eater…heh.” 
For all these many years, Harv has kept one secret from Delores. Only one. He has kept this secretly proudly. For, when he tasted the glob of red goo in his mouth, he smiled like it was the best spot of raspberries he had ever tasted, and Delores believed him, as his expression never gave the slightest hint of how truly awful the small blob tasted, and how close he came to regurgitating the entire contents of his stomach up right in front of her. Harv will go to his death with this knowledge of how good an actor he can be when the situation calls for such a grand performance. 
And no matter what happens, he will never tell his wife the truth about their first meeting ― that the red globule on his chest wasn’t actually a stray piece of the raspberry pie that he had just eaten, but was in fact, a piece of the wayward intestines of a small mouth bass.

*****

“Oldsmobill.” Johann whispered, “How long do you plan on us staying in these weeds?”
Olds peered up at the town. The two traveling companions were hiding in a grassy meadow that sloped away from the municipality and toward the Mea Culpa River. Olds was looking for any type of activity near the scene of the confrontation. “Just making sure that the people of Fouldune are as apathetic a bunch as their reputation says they are.”
Johann continued frantically scratching his pelvic region. “These chiggers are eating me alive!” he moaned.
“Don’t scratch! It’ll only piss ‘em off.” Olds replied, still peering in the direction of the town.
Johann huffed. “If it itches me…me scratches it. It’s called the circle of life or something…”
“A sound philosophy,” Olds retorted, deep in thought. He soon turned to his irritated friend and asked in a voice of disbelief, “They must have just cleared the streets and went on…business as usual.”
“Yea, it’s Fouldune! Four men get beat up and are strewn about the street like horse manure after a parade. Hey…no big deal there! Happens every hour or so. I told you that before we left the place…” His hands furiously scratched his upper thighs, “Damn these chiggers!” he loudly spouted.
Olds stood up and studied the surrounding area like a prairie dog guarding its den. “Okay,” he said, “we’ll circle around to the other side of town…maybe sell these swords and get a place for the night.”
Johann rose slightly, but he was still in the crouching position due to his excessive scratching. “And some salve, or hard liquor, to kill these vicious little beasts...”
“Yes, of course,” Olds replied, before moving through the high weeds and grasses and toward the western edge of town.

*****

The sky around the castle was tinged in red and orange, and as Vespius looked at the setting sun, he saw dark waves of clouds crashing against the distant mountains. His black cloak ruffled in the wind. His face glowed in the fading light. 
He was standing on the main tower of Cornswallow Castle at Rottweillor. It was built with stones that had been collected from the fallen remains of a much older fortress once constructed on a hillside about a mile away. Each stone had been released from the relic and brought here by any means available — some were loaded onto carts and pulled by pairs of oxen; some by wagons and teams of heavy horses; while the rest were simply strapped to some poor peasant’s back — who was then given a good, swift kick in the right direction.
The main tower, now complete, was a mishmash of different colored stones and rock chips; held together by mortar and monkey vomit. 
The castle itself was really just a large, square structure, which contained the Cornswallow living quarters, library, and billiard room. A great feasting hall was the centerpiece of the structure and it held four large tables, chairs, and many ancient tapestries of dead kings, long-forgotten battles, and of dogs playing poker. Below the structure, deep within the gray clay, was a network of prison cells and secret passages, as well as a wine cellar, and a secret laboratory used for extracting the vomit from captured monkeys cursed with horrible eating disorders.
Surrounding the main castle was a parade ground encased by a wall made of tree trunks stuck deep into the soil; each one was sharpened to a vicious-looking point. The wall somewhat resembled a circle of finely sharpened pencils that someone had chewed the erasers off of. 
A small, stone barrier surrounded the wooden wall, but was far from complete. It rose as high as the wooden wall in some places, but for the most part, was just a row or two of the requisitioned stone. The new stone wall’s completion was running behind schedule, as was the main gate, mainly due to the lack of having enough monkeys with bulimia, and the gooey cement they produced when prodded with a stick or an armload of high-fashion magazines.
Vespius looked out upon the world and wondered about a great many things. Like: “Why is it that you never see anybody riding a zebra?” and “Why does ‘aardvark’ have two ‘a’s, when surely one would suffice?” and “Why can’t I be like other monkeys and still have a prehensile tail?”
Yes, Vespius thought of many things, and he spent many an hour doing so, for he was a rich, young, punk — and the son of a powerful king — and he obviously had way too much time on his hands. 
Sure, he thought a lot about the purpose of earwax, and why his pubic hair was always curly, even though he had tried several different straightening methods to change its appearance ― none of which proved to be successful ― and in fact, had only made him itch more. But what he thought about most, besides the usual narcissistic ‘Emperor of the World’ fantasies, was the image of the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.
Her name was Saline Delecroix, the Queen of Valdorlok. She was radiant and graceful and the only woman he was sure could beat the living daylights out of him if he truly asked for it. Which, if given the chance, he most certainly would.
A month from now, as had been arranged by their fathers, he and Saline would be married, and he deeply hoped that upon their wedding night, he would received the type of beating he so justly deserved.
The wooden door to the parapet opened and out walked Vespius’ cousin, Gulag Cornswallow, the governor of the Carbuckle Region for the House of Cornswallow. He slightly bowed, waiting for Vespius’ acknowledgment. The prince turned away from the sunset and lifted his head a degree or two.
“The boxes of materials have been delivered to your private chamber, m’lord,” his cousin whinnied.
“Did anyone see you?”
“No, sir. But the old man screamed like a little girl when we took them from him.”
Vespius smiled briefly and glanced back at the sunset. “Yes…I will see that he is cared for, cousin. He will soon forget about all that.”
“Yes, m’lord.”
“When you return to Carbuckle, I need you to do something for me.”
Gulag’s lips curled into a faint smile. “Anything, m’lord.”
“Prepare the royal residence for myself and my contingent of the Royal Guard. I plan on spending the night there very soon.”
The governor bowed his head and stared down at his pigeon-toed feet. “Is everything all right?”
“Yes, yes…I have to pay a visit to Fouldune and…make some arrangements there. We will stay in Carbuckle for the return trip.”
The governor’s face brightened. A thin smile creaked across his lips. “Oh, yes, I shall make sure that the accommodations are quite suitable, m’lord. Although, if I may, my riverside villa is nearly complete and I would enjoy giving you a tour of the place.”
“Thank you, but I think the castle’s lodgings will be quite satisfactory.” 
The governor stared off at the horizon. “Oh, I just had a wonderful fountain brought all the way from Greece. Simply spectacular. We haven’t figured out how to make it work, but still, it is great to look at.”
“Yes, I’m sure.” Vespius replied.
“Yes, well, perhaps some other time,” Gulag said. He batted an eye at the clouds. He was imagining that he was showing his powerful cousin his magnificent new home. It was a beautiful estate, built upon the shores of the Mea Culpa, just outside of Carbuckle. Constructed in a colonial style with a façade of marble columns, the main hall had an antebellum atrium in the center of several guest villas and stables. The area itself was simply stunning with a magnificent view of the river, the Ashen Mountains, and the vast Carbuckle forest. He didn’t let the fact that several family farms had been there before stop his construction. He burned all the structures down and killed anyone too stubborn to leave. He built his luxurious home upon the ashes and bones. 
Gulag took a step forward and leaned upon the wall of the balcony. His piggish nose breathed in the crisp air. He let it linger inside his lungs a few seconds before exhaling it out through his thin lips. “Soon, Valdorlok will be yours, m’lord, and with it, control over the entire region. Your father would be so proud of your accomplishments. You have strengthened the region and brought prestige to the Cornswallow name.”
Vespius faintly smiled. He knew butt-kissing when he heard it. “My father grows worse with each passing day…I fear that soon he won’t even recognize me.”
The governor grew silent. He looked down at his feet again. He had his suspicions about the nature of his uncle’s riding accident and the real reason for the mental decay he suffered since that fateful day. He had heard rumors.
“You have my prayers, m’lord. For your father’s recovery and your continued success.”
Gulag would not let rumors, or even facts for that matter, stop him in his allegiance to Vespius. Not yet anyway, for the governor had a few secrets of his own. Dark secrets and appetites, and as long as Vespius remained in power, the governor could continue his explorations into those shadowy urges and saturate himself in their juices.
“I leave in the morning, m’lord, I shall have the residence ready for you and your men. I shall also arrange a great banquet in honor of your accomplishments, m’lord, if that is favorable to you.” Gulag bowed again and swept his hand through the air at his knees. Vespius looked upon him with contempt. He envisioned kicking him in the mouth and throwing him off the balcony, but when his cousin looked up at him, the crown prince smiled as if he had never had a dinner arranged in his honor before.
“That would be quite splendid. Thank you cousin,” Vespius continued to smile like a shark crashing a sea-lion wedding reception. 
With that, the governor withdrew through the door and down the winding staircase of the tower. His inward-pointing toes causing him to stumble every few steps.
Vespius sighed and crossed his arms. He turned and looked out upon the sunset again. 
‘What I need most,’ he thought, ‘…is a clue.’ 
He had been looking hard for such a thing. Through old books, scrolls and the strange writings of a delusional old man ― something that would lead him to the stone, and to the most powerful force attainable by any man on this spinning rock some of us call the ‘Earth’, but the crown prince preferred to call it: ‘Vespiusia’. 
Plans and schemes whirred about him. They clinked about inside his skull like pennies being dropped into a piggy bank. 
“Ah…” he vocalized with a prolonged exhale.
He decided that he would continue to read through the mindless writings of Lamprey’s, and if lucky, maybe find a clue ― or perhaps uncover some type of noun ― a person, place or thing ― which might lead him to the stone. That was the missing piece to his plan. Everything had been arranged for his possession of it. All he had to do now was to actually find the strange and ancient artifact.  
Once it was his, all hell would most assuredly break loose.
He lifted his eyes up to the darkening sky. He thought of this and other things, before finally envisioning Queen Saline breathlessly beating him to a pulp.

*****

Harv Matters awoke while the sun was starting to set. He spent nearly the whole day lying in bed and dreaming of the past. Now, he was awake, and though his head still pained him, he was alert and hungry. His wife was spoon-feeding him soup, but Harv eventually took the utensil and started to shovel the warm concoction briskly into his mouth.
“Feeling better now, my love?” she asked, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Much,” he said in between spoonfuls.
“See?” his mother-in-law suddenly rattled, “His head’s as hard as dried monkey vomit.” 
“Yes,” Delores replied.
“One of his strong points I’d say,” Holleeday chattered.
Delores glanced her way with a stern expression.  
Her mother grunted and added, “Makes up for his lack of coordination.” She smiled, while resuming her knitting of a pair of pink leg warmers.
Delores sighed and looked back to her husband, who continued to slurp his soup quite loudly — totally oblivious to his mother-in-law’s snide remarks.
“…As well as his bad luck.” Holleeday added, while laughing a hearty, stroganoff-breathed laugh.




Chapter Five: Mister Jingle - Jangle


‘And it came to pass, that the churlish punkster, known as Vas Deferen the Great, with his big belly and his love for anatomically-correct porcelain dolls, did look upon the land and say: “I deserve this dirt as much as any man that liveth, for my ears are sorely waxed and my bodily fluids hum like an old washing machine in the expert hands of an appliance repairman.” 
And his generals looked upon him with perplexed noggins, and did rub their greasy chins, for they had just eaten several large turkey legs that had been broiled on the manifold of a ’54 Lincoln. And they loved their king, for he was a great warrior and quite good with pets, although, his house-training techniques left much to be desired. 
And they gathered their troops and gave them all manner of war trappings, such as sharp shaving-razors, and bundles of finely-honed window blinds, and many out-dated cans of evaporated-milk, and old hub caps to use as shields, and a multitude of pigeons that had been fed nothing but ball-bearings and laxatives. 
And they came up with the strange idea that if they removed the front legs of their horses, then the animals would surely gallop twice as fast, but this procedure only resulted in disaster, for the poor creatures merely fell forward and dragged their poor, pitiful stumps across the ground. 
So, the cavalrymen decided to ride ostriches instead, and placed upon them great amounts of armor and scale-metal hides, and adorned them with all types of sharp knitting-needles and staple-guns and empty ball-point pens, but the animals could not move for the weight was found to be way over their load limit and the army was given citations for this, and had to retake their driving tests, which vexed them exceptionally.
And Vas Deferen the Great, looked upon his mighty war machine, and took a large, orange parking cone, and screamed through it towards his enemies, “Red Rover! Red Rover! We dare you to come over!” 
And then he looked to the heavens and cried out: “Oh, Great Wobble! Hear my words and make much of them, for I will not repeat this, not even if you beg me to, not even by the hairs of my chiny, chin, chin. Look upon my war-making prowess and bless us, for only a few of us dim-wits still believe in your unconditional ruthlessness, and we fear thee, even though you make us do silly things like bow down to you and repeat the same stinking words over and over again.” 
And Vas Deferen pointed his stubby index finger up to the sky and shouted out, “Oh, Great Wobble! If you is so great, then why can’t you write a book in the first person, and tell us how you really feel?”
And the Great Wobble replied, saying: “Hear me, puny chimpanzee, I am not to be toyed with, for I have had bowel movements nearly ten times as big as you, and I am great and ye are but a twitching speck of dandruff, or a tiny gnat which buzzes around my posterior openings, of which I have many. And yes, I also have several gall bladders, and they all need constant attention.”
“And to answer your question, which I shouldn’t have to, but I will, for you have been found favorable in my eyes, and you have left many nice messages of comfort and thanksgiving on my voice mailbox, but let me tell you this: I am far too big and supremely over-confident to actually write a book by myself, and besides all that, my hands are far too large, and my fingers can’t rightly hold a pen.”
“Besides all that, it has come to my attention that I have forgotten how to spell, and I used up all my writing tablets to wipe a milk mustache off of my huge, enormous lips. So, I say unto you now, go forth and spread the news that I am very, very big and could easily beat the living crap out of all you puny monkeys, if I so desired, and if not me, then most certainly my big brother could, for he was a Thai-Boxing champ once, and knows how to mambo, and has broken many a boulder in half with just his awe-inspiring tongue, and he is easily angered, for he has very deep, and lingering anti-social issues…and he sometimes removes the pecans out of his pecan ice cream, and eats them all at once, which I find to be amazingly strange.”
And Vas Deferen the Great, seeing that the enemy was bearing down upon him with many great herds of vicious, caffeine-drenched livestock, and seeing that the opposing horde was bathed in many gallons of olive oil, so as to make them as slippery as eels in a jar of mayonnaise, and seeing how they had proper weapons and not the remnants of an office supply warehouse sale, and seeing how they rode many great four-legged horses and not overly taxed ostriches, and seeing how they worshipped the ‘Great Fudge Brownie In The Sky’ as their God, and not some big bully like the Great Wobble, who had  once commanded Vas Deferen to wander about for forty days and forty nights inside a bathroom stall at a bus station, and then ordered him to take his first-born child to the top of Mount Pollywaggle, and to then taunt him repeatedly and cover his body in molasses and pour a bag of breadcrumbs over his head, and then after Vas Deferen did all this, the Great Wobble had the audacity to say that it was all just a joke and began laughing mightily.
And Vas Deferen said unto the sky: “Oh, Great Wobble, help us in our time of need and dire consequences, and chastise our enemies and bring much suffering to all of their extensive stock holdings and dental bridgeworks.”
And the Great Wobble said unto Vas Deferen, “I would if I could, but the Great Fudge Brownie in the Sky has put a restraining order out on me…and I can’t get within five hundred feet of the whole fiasco.”
And then it came to pass, that Vas Deferen the Great, also known as the King of the Clarinets, Lord of the Lounge Chairs, and Duke of the Lower Extremities, a lover of multi-colored shelving paper, and the collecting of stamps and old mail-order catalogs, ordered his troops to attack, and after much bloodshed and maiming of arms and legs, and after a good deal of smacking each other upon their pointy little heads, and after extra innings, a triple overtime, and a sudden death rematch, he was declared the winner at the battle of Wet Lake, by a split decision, 5-4.’

---From the Book of Jasper, Chapter 3:21


The sign on the front door of “Skin Matters” said: “Closed.” Oldsmobill sighed, looked down both sides of the street, and loudly knocked on the door anyway. He peered inside the rectangular window hoping to see some sign of movement. He knocked again, and then looked back down the street.
Johann was keeping a close watch on the road from his position along the side of the shop. He continued to frantically scratch his groin area and emit low curses. Huddled against the wall, his head was in constant motion, scanning in every direction. “How can they be closed? It’s not even dark yet,” he hesitantly whispered, while continuing his scratching.
Olds stood on the step of the shop and knocked again. He then heard what sounded like several men marching towards them along a side street and he quickly scampered into the alley next to the shop. “Back up a little…someone’s coming,” he whispered to Johann, who was trying his best to come across like a normal-looking pile of trash by wrapping himself in a large, black, plastic garbage bag.
The nervous knight slowly peered around the corner and saw several of the Sheriff’s skinny guards lumbering into the main street. They were moving parallel to the two, and continued on down an adjacent side street, saying something between themselves about the pros and cons of shaving porcupines. 
Olds looked up and began to rap on a side window to the shop. He waited a few seconds and did so again, while Johann was busy trying to tie a small, wire twisty-tie to the top of his bag from the inside out. His constant scratching made the plastic bag rustle noisily in the closed confines of the alleyway. Oldsmobill rapped on the window again just before it suddenly flew open.
“What’d ya think this is, some kind of drive-through service?” Delores’s voice echoed in the evening air.
Olds quickly shushed her and put his finger to his lips while squinting his eyes. 
“What’d ya want?” she loudly growled. “Can’t you see that we’re closed?” 
“I’m sorry,” he whispered, “but we’re in kind of a tight fix, see…”
Delores huffed. “Yea, you and every other felon in this town. Go away!” She began to shut the window, but Olds quickly reached up and grabbed it, before withdrawing his hands and beginning to plea.
“Look, I hate to bother you, really I do, but you’re the only person we even kind of know in this town…and…” His eyes darted toward the street and then back to Delores’ angry face, “anyway…we have a couple of swords here and we were wondering if you could buy them from us so that we could get a place to stay for the night…”
Delores frowned. “So, you stole a couple of swords from some poor ‘ol sod, or cheated them out of some blind guy in a game of cards, or perhaps you pilfered them from a Goodwill Store drop-box? And now, what? You want me to buy merchandise that’s as hot as a bowl of baked beans in the Sahara desert and take the fall for you? Think not! Get off, and peddle them somewhere else!”
“No, we were attacked! By a gang of thieves!” Olds implored. 
Johann stuck his head out of the bag ― having been unsuccessful in his attempt to fasten the twisty-tie from the inside. “We tried selling them at a couple of other…uh…establishments…”
Delores sneered, “You tried hocking your swords at a bordello?” 
“Uh, yes,” Johann hesitantly replied. His eyes looked down at his garbage-bag garb, “but they would only take the swords in trade for future…services rendered!” 
“Yes,” Olds added, nodding his head, “which…by the looks of ‘em…more than likely included a complimentary cold sore or two.” 
Delores curled her lips and dryly looked upon the two desperate fur-traders. “Look, you both seem like nice fellows, but the thing is this…I don’t care! Come back tomorrow during normal business hours, and as long as your descriptions aren’t in the morning paper’s blotter sheet, I’ll see what I can do.” Delores raised her chin slightly and gave both men a sustained look of defiance. One eyebrow lifted and mirrored the arc of her lips. She nodded, and started the window down again. 
“But…” Olds softly yelped. 
Before she could completely close the window, her husband’s face appeared behind her. He frowned and leaned his bandaged head to the glass. “What’s all this?” he asked.
“We’re leaving tomorrow on a boat, we just wanted a few coppers before we left…” The glass muffled Olds’ voice a little, but Harv heard it well enough and found something about it vaguely familiar. He placed his hand on the frame of the window and stared intently at the shadowy figure in the alley.
“Horace?” Harv asked, as he began lifting the window back up. He perched his bandaged head through the opening, and keenly stared at Oldsmobill. “Is that you, Horace?” he asked.
Olds looked about and smiled.
“Horace Welpstone! It is you! What are you doing in Fouldune?” Harv reached his hand through the opening and toward the man wearing the red hoodie. He brightly smiled.
Johann, quite puzzled at this point, asked: “Horace?” 
Olds glanced over at the Timbrookian in the plastic bag and eventually grinned sheepishly. He made a slight movement that closely resembled a shrug, before moving his hand up to Harv, who shook it rapidly.
“Hi, Harv,” Oldsmobill nervously replied, “How ya been?”
Harv continued to shake his hand and smile. “Come around the back…we’ve got some catching up to do!” 
As Oldsmobill slowly passed Johann, he couldn’t help but notice the intense staring that was emanating from his colleague in the plastic bag. Johann kept asking, in a high-pitched, puzzled voice, “Horace?”
Delores frowned at her husband before he closed the window and put his arm around her. “It’s Horace,” he guzzled, “…from King Piddy’s work-release program!” 

The two suspicious-looking figures covertly paced down the alley and entered the rear entrance of the establishment. The door opened up to a small storage room. Once inside, Delores locked the back door and closed the curtains tight. After taking a quick peek outside, she lit a small lamp by the curtained doorway that led to the main room of the shop. Harv grabbed a couple of chairs and moved a few boxes around, as well as a large assortment of mounted animal heads and pelts. Carrying an armload of assorted skulls, he began to tell of his adventures with Horace Welpstone and how they had met at a small workshop during King Piddy the Fair’s work-release program for wayward youth. 
Johann, still in a scratching fit, repeatedly interrupted Harv’s tale by cursing the little critters that had maliciously invaded his skivvies. 
“What’d you do?” Delores asked, frowning with derision. “Consort with one of those women that hang out behind the art museum?” 
“No, they be chiggers,” Johann replied defensively.
Delores shook her head in disbelief. “How’d you get chiggers in town?”
“He picked them up when we were hiding in a grassy area, just outside of the city,” Olds answered.
Delores continued to frown as she stormed into the main room of the shop. After rattling a few bottles around and opening and closing some cupboard doors, she came back through the curtain and handed Johann a jar containing a bluish ointment.
“If they’re chiggers, this will take care of your problem…” she said, “…if they’re not, then you’ll need to crawl back into that big, black trash bag, before you infest the whole shop.” She handed him the jar, but then began to scold him profusely, for he had taken a handful of the concoction and immediately stuck it down his pants ― in her presence. After a few slaps about the head, she kicked him through the curtain, where he fell over a stuffed muskrat diorama. 
Oldsmobill, meanwhile, pleasantly smiled. He was happy to see an old friend in Harv, and realized that it couldn’t have come at a better time. Delores, on the other hand, viewed the whole escapade with surly disbelief. 
Johann soon returned with a contented look on his face as well as a little ointment residue on his belt and hands. He apologized repeatedly until Delores kicked him in the shin and pointed at the small chair he was previously sitting in. She leaned back upon a crate, crossed her arms, and fumed.
Harv smiled during the entire episode and continued to tell how he had met Horace. He relayed how, after he had left his boyhood home, he had traveled to many places and seen so many things. He told how he had hitched a ride with a traveling Bible salesman and wound up just outside the city of Poutsland. It was there that he acquired a job working at a blacksmith’s, next door to ‘Master Bates’ Magic Shop and Novelties Emporium’, which is where he had first met a young chap by the name of Horace Welpstone, who had been placed there as a janitor through King Piddy the Fair’s work-release program.
They had often lunched together, he and Horace, and spoke of the future and how they would both like to do great things. During the evenings, Harv would read books that he had checked out from the local library about taxidermy and confidence-building, while Horace would practice his swordsmanship, meditation techniques, and yo-yo tricks.
When the work-release program ended, Master Bates was so taken by Horace’s work ethic, and his proficiency with the yo-yo, that he took the young, strapping lad on as an apprentice. Unfortunately, Harv had to bid his friend farewell after a few months, due to the blacksmith shop being driven out of business by a sudden influx of cheap, foreign-made metal products. 
Harv abruptly jumped up and went scampering through a stack of old boxes, while Delores, who had slowly simmered down, asked: “Care for some tea?” Everyone emphatically said yes, even Harv, who was busy digging through the old boxes. Finally, he found what he was looking for, and turned to his guests. He held out his hand, and in his palm was a single, red, well-used yo-yo.
“See there, I still have it,” he grinned.
Olds laughed a surprised laugh. His eyes lit up and he took a deep breath of the past. He held the yo-yo in his hand and pleasantly smiled. “Huh,” he said, “It has been a while…”
“So, Horace, what became of you, and how did you find yourself here? Are you still an apprentice? What of Master Bates, the old ‘Dolly Rodger,’ is he still alive…and setting things on fire?”
Oldsmobill continued to smile while staring at the yo-yo in his hands. “Well…uh…”
He told Harv of how his apprenticeship had continued, before taking an odd turn. Master Bates was originally training him to be a master magician like himself, and he had learned a few low-level parlor tricks like getting out of a pair of handcuffs using only a hack-saw, or making a donkey explode, or pulling a rabbit out of a cow’s hindquarters, but nothing terribly extravagant. He told of how his master had taken him to see the three witches, and how the mysterious bowl of oatmeal had given him a quest, and how Master Bates then trained him in the arts of self-defense and origami. 
As Delores brought a pot of steaming tea into the storage room, Horace told how, when his training was complete, the master took him to the mountain of Razzle-Bazzle and just before they entered the majestic halls of the one-legged trolls, commanded him to kneel down upon one knee and close one eye.
“He reached inside his billowing sleeve and pulled out a magician’s wand, but it immediately turned into a beautiful bouquet of paper chrysanthemums…and after becoming very irritated at himself, swiftly tossed it over his shoulder. Next, he reached into his star-covered frock and began to pull out row after row of multi-colored handkerchiefs, which just kept coming and coming until he started shouting various curse words…which inadvertently started a landslide…so we had run for shelter inside a small alcove of rock.”
Harv hung on to every word. Johann kept the same puzzled, befuddled look tattooed upon the front of his skull, while Delores checked her cuticles.
“Afterwards, we ventured back out and Master Bates yelled for me to resume my position. He then began pulling all sorts of things out of his frock: rabbits, doves, a lint-covered fig newton, three ferrets, six pairs of furry handcuffs, a bag of poison-dart frogs, a nose ring, a handful of confetti, two hand-buzzers, a pair of over-sized clown shoes, a petite zebra wearing a top hat, four cans of bees-wax lip balm, and about thirty or so multi-colored helium-filled balloons.”
Olds looked about and sipped his tea. “It was at that point that he loudly cursed, and we had to run for cover again.”
Delores suddenly heard something out front and looked to the curtain. Everyone grew quiet as she crept through the cloth barrier and into the darkness of the main room. Harv watched her go and whispered: “What then?” 
Johann rolled his eyes.
“Finally,” Olds continued, “he found what he was looking for and loudly yodeled…and after a major hailstorm had passed…he pulled out a long, gold-plated, gardening hoe and placed it upon my shoulder, and said: 

“Apprentice, do you solemnly swear that you shall conduct yourself in the ways of the just and the righteous and that you will never eat shellfish after sundown?
Do you avow, or affirm, that you will keep your credit in good standing and not yell at bill collectors, even when you find them hiding in your closet?
Do you promise to always keep your tongue well-brushed and to clip your toenails at least once every fortnight?
Do you pledge, without crossing your fingers behind your back, that you will make sure all those who are meek or malnourished will have a leg to stand on, or at least a government-subsidized program to provide them with enough cheese to make a tasty fondue or a zesty nacho dip?
Do you consent to having your name shared with various organizations that may or may not be legitimate, for the purposes of selling you an assortment of electrical and/or steam-driven appliances which may or may not cause damage to you and your loved ones, as long as they are in accordance with all local and state environmental protection laws?
Do you commit yourself to justice, liberty, freedom, liberal libel laws, and a progressive income tax structure?”

“After which, I said: “Yes…to all of the above.” He then smacked me in the side of the head with the hoe, and bellowed: “Then rise, Sir Oldsmobill!” 
“And next, he threw the gold-plated hoe to the ground and cried out: “Now, run! Brave knight, run! Before a lightning bolt strikes us both down!”
Delores came back through the curtain and whispered, “The sheriff’s guards are patrolling the streets, but they passed. I guess no one saw you two.”
Harv, still elated at seeing his old friend asked: “How do you like my shop, pretty nifty, huh? Hey, did you notice the sign out front, “Skin Matters,” get it? Huh?”
Olds smiled, “I’m sorry, I didn’t put two and two together, heh… ‘Skin Matters’, that’s funny.”
Delores broke straight to the point, “So, what sort of trouble are you boys in?”
Olds stared at his cup of tea. Johann took the opportunity to speak up at last. “We left here and went over to a place called “The Hoof and Mouth,”
“First mistake,” Delores interjected.
“Just to have a couple ales, and maybe find some work…”
“Which we did,” Olds added.
Johann growled, “Well, if you can call it a job. This ol’ pirate chap promised to pay us a few coins if we joined his crew, but by the looks of him, I believe it might just end with a mid-river collision of some sort, or us hitting an iceberg.” 
“Anyway…” Olds snidely prompted his colleague.
“Anyway,” Johann continued, “we left the bar and before you know it…five guys tried to rob Oldsmobill of his boots.”
“I warned you about those boots,” Delores preached, waving her finger at Olds.
“When was this?” asked Harv, who subsequently looked down at Oldsmobill’s boots, “Oh, those are nice boots…doesn’t go with those jogging pants and red hoodie, though.”
“That’s what I said!” Delores declared.
“When?” Harv asked again.
“Today,” Olds chirped.
“Earlier,” Johann finished.
“When did all this happen?” Harv prodded again.
The other three exclaimed: “Earlier today!”
“They came into the shop while you were sleeping, dear,” Delores promptly broadcasted.
“Oh,” Harv replied, “But, why were you here earlier, you said you didn’t know I owned this place…”
This went on for another thirty-six minutes. Harv was finally filled in with all the details, as well as why his wife hit him in the head earlier with a water bucket, which had slipped his mind entirely.
“Well, keep the swords, I don’t want them here, but I can give you guys a little gold for your journey,” Harv gleefully said, after he had figured everything out. He placed two cots in the storage area, and asked Olds and Johann to stay the night there, before their big trip in the morning. The two men were quite grateful and Harv could only keep them from shaking his hand and thanking him repeatedly by abruptly blowing out the lamp and running as fast as he could up the stairs.
Johann lay on the comfy cot and whispered: “Horace?” And after a few giggles, he sarcastically asked, “Welpstone?” And after a few more giggles, he then mockingly asked it again, “Horace Welpstone?”
“…Junior.” Olds sneered, which started Johann laughing even harder.
As the frowning quester buried his head under a pillow, Johann softly giggled himself to sleep.

Before sunup, Olds and Johann packed up their things, while Harv ― who had gotten up an hour or so before them ― was busy finishing up a few items that he had prepared for them: a plate of buttered biscuits, several fried sausages, onion kabobs, and a couple of bags of trail mix. After wrapping everything up in re-sealable pig bladders, he dutifully walked his guests down to the dock. 
The spring air was cool and damp, and a cloud of fog drifted across the Mea Culpa as they neared. They saw Cap’n Kidneybean’s boat with two men sitting on the deck holding large torches and various surgical instruments in their hands. A large crate of growling Tasmanian devils sat beside them. On the shore, about fifty feet away, was a crowd of fifteen or so assorted cutthroats, thieves and grave robbers, all waiting for a chance to steal the precious cargo.
“Quite a vigil they got going there,” Harv said, pointing to the crowd. ‘You guys better slip down the bank over there and swim in from behind the boat. The fog should disguise your approach. That gang you guys beat up may be in the crowd. Besides, you don’t want that band of vigilantes getting an eyeful of those boots.”
Olds and Johann argued about this for a second, for the water was bound to be very cold. 
“Don’t worry, I packed all your things in water-tight pig bladders, just like their ad says: ‘Pig Bladders: The traveler’s best friend!” Harv confidently smiled. “I’ll be over here to see you off.”
Harv wished them both good luck and told Olds how good it was to see him again. Olds did likewise, shook his hand and thanked him again. “I’ll be back soon, Harv, and we’ll spend more time chatting.”
“I look forward to it old friend,” Harv replied as he waved them off.

The Cap’n was just waking up, and he stretched his arms wide with a good, loud, yawn. Seeing the assembled crowd of evildoers, he promptly threw an empty rum keg at the throng.
“Aargh! Be off, ye scoundrels and ne’er-do-wells! Aargh! I’ll slit ya from stern to starboard if ye’ so much as comes a foot or so closer!” Suddenly, he was drawn to the sound of splashing water from behind; he looked down and saw two figures slowly swimming their way around the side of the boat. He picked up another empty rum cask ― for they were littered all about the deck ― and raised it above his head, but suddenly noticed Olds’ shiny boots kicking just below the surface of the dark water.
“Aargh, if it isn’t me two landlubbers, doin’ a fairly good mermaid imitations, by all prospects imaginable! Aargh, what’s up with all the clandestine commotion, me two fine young cannibals?”
Olds and Johann swam up to the vessel and Cap’n Kidneybean tossed them a line. “Aargh, come to help an old salty dog learn a few new tricks, huh?” The Cap’n bellowed, while helping them out of the water. He greeted both with a firm handshake once they were onboard. Olds and Johann stayed crouched behind the large stack of cargo to block the view of their presence on the boat from anyone on shore. The Cap’n noticed this odd behavior and asked, “Aargh, You’s not pay a harlot for yo’ night of sin and skin, what? Aargh! Or, perhaps there’s gamblers looking for yo’ noses to break, or would it be a bar tab ye ran out on?”
“Nothing really, just trying to stay unnoticed,” Olds peeped.
“Aargh! Dine and dash, my favorite pastime, next to forcing pizza-delivery boys to walk the plank.” The Cap’n winked. “Aargh,” he said yet again, “ye can’t pull the wool over the eyes of an old barnacle like me and call it butter puddin’, me mateys! Aargh, I’s been around’s the world more than once…and this certainly ain’t my first rodeo!”
The two new arrivals were shivering in the cold, as the captain peg-legged his way over to the rudder, before returning with two large, dirty, towels.
“Aargh!” he began another sentence, “Go down in the keep and change yo’ soggy pantaloons…I’ll keep the varmints dockside, don’t ye worry.”
The two wet creatures slowly opened a hatch near the boxes of cargo and crept down a very small set of stairs and disappeared below. Cap’n Kidneybean yelled at his other two crewmen to prepare for leaving.
“Aargh! We’s hittin’ the waves early, me mateys! Aargh, as Captain Socrates Whitebeard, used to grumble at me each morn’ before bre’fast or even brunch was ‘pon the table: ‘Carpa Diem!’ Aargh! Carpa Diem, me mateys!”
The two grizzled, weather-beaten sailors began their preparations, which entailed them slowly ambling toward the edge of the boat. The captain meanwhile limped over to the rudder wheel.
“Aargh! Wait a sec!” he cried out, before adjusting the pigeon on his shoulder and applying two more strips of duct tape around its feet so that it was quite upright and secure. He reached into his pocket and pulled out an eye patch, and after placing it over his left eye, said: “Aargh! Now, we is ready to embark!”
The two men stood upon the deck next to the dock, one was nibbling on a chicken leg while the other was picking calluses. They looked nonchalantly at each other, knowing full well the routine.
“Aargh! Hoist the main sail!” Cap’n Kidneybean cried out ― his hands now firmly upon the wheel. The two men just stood there looking at each other. 
The boat didn’t have a main sail. 
“Aargh! Batten down the hatches!” 
The two men remained stationary. One kicked a pebble off the deck and into the water.
There was only one hatch and it didn’t really need to be battened.
“Aargh! Weigh the anchor!”
One man scratched his scalp. The other sighed.
The boat had an anchor, but they hardly ever used it.
“Aargh, untie us from that thar hitchin’ post!”
That they could do.
The men quickly bent down and untied the large rope from the dock.
“Aargh, shove off and full steam ahead!”
They both gingerly stuck their feet out and pushed the vessel away from the dock. ‘Full steam ahead’ meant absolutely nothing to them.
The slight current began to pull the boat steadily downstream and the two men each grabbed a long pole and began pushing them through the water. The captain stood tall at the wheel and started smoking a long, thin pipe. A stream of smoke drifted behind him. He tapped his peg-leg upon the deck and began bellowing a tune that soon erupted into a full-blown jig.

“Oh, the sailor’s life for me. 
Yessiree! Yessiree!
Oh, the ocean’s a wife to me.
Yes indeed! Yes indeed!”

I sailed all six seas while looking for the seventh.
I sailed with Blackbeard, who spoke like David Nevin.
I’ve plowed many a coastal wave from Boston to Korea,
And even named my children: ‘Nina’, ‘Pinta’, and ‘Santa Maria!”

I met Captain Hook when he was just a Captain Kidd. 
I met Long John Silvers when he was just a little fish-stick.
I circumnavigated the globe and somehow wound up in Kenya.
I caught lobsters in Maine, and the crabs in Virginia.

I was once a buccaneer in the town of Tampa Bay.
And I was once a pirate down ol’ Pittsburgh way.
I was a raider out in Oakland, and boy, that sure was nice,
And was once a Hartford Whaler and got a ‘hat trick’ twice!

“Oh, the sailor’s life for me. 
Yessiree! Yessiree!
Oh, the ocean’s a wife to me.
Yes indeed! Yes indeed!”

The captain’s forceful voice echoed up and down the river as the rather plain little riverboat made its way along the current. The two crewmen casually pushed their poles into the water as a soft fog rose above the water and tiny waves lapped upon the shore.
Johann eventually emerged out of the hatch and slowly ambled to the back of the boat. He was wearing a long sleeping-shirt that came down to his ankles. The two crewmen, still pushing their poles into the water, glanced at him quite bemused. 
The Cap’n laughed a hearty laugh. “Aargh! There’s me fine landlubber…lookin’ like Scrooge who’s just seen a ghost!” 
“So, this is a boat?” Johann asked while curiously looking around.
“Aargh! ‘Tis a ship…me own, that it be…and it’s called ‘The Key Largo.’ Aargh, finest ship in all these here parts, me sleep-walkin’ greenhorn!”
Johann smiled lightly. “So what do I do on this…boat?”
“Aargh! The first thing ye does…is not fall off!” The captain laughed mightily after that one. “Aargh, and the second thing is to…uh, mop the poop deck!”
“Mop the what?” Johann asked.
The captain frowned a bit, not coming up with any more jokes inside his head. A bit flustered, he barked, “Aargh! Go help those fellers…that’s me fine-livered crew, and they’ll tell ya’s everythin’ you need to know…go on now…I’m trying to concentrate up here.”
And with that, he brushed his fingers in the air as if shooing a fly. He then bellowed to his shipmates, “Aargh! Lissen’ up ye sea dogs, we got two new crewmens to make up for the ones we lost in that den of vice and virtuosity! Aargh! Their names are…” He peered his un-patched eye at Johann, who after a few seconds, meekly replied:
“Johann.”
“Aargh! ‘Yoohawn’, of the Pacific Rim, no doubt…many a gullet has he sliced for tea and scones while there, I’m sure. Aargh, look upon him mateys, ne’er a finer pug-puncher’s face will ye ever see…sure to do harm to any man or mollusk that might cross his path disparagingly!”
The captain looked forward, and seeing Oldsmobill emerge from the hatch ― wearing a light-blue tee-shirt and a pair of black knickerbockers ― loudly hollered: “Aargh! And there’s the other sea monkey, dress’d to go a’courtin’ no doubt, name’s ‘Buick Riviera’ or ‘Ford Tempo’, or something to the contrary, show them around boys…and beat them if you must! Aargh! Makes no differences to me!” 
He began to try and feed his duct-taped, stuffed, multi-colored pigeon some food, but the seeds just fell on his uniform and onto the deck.
“Aargh,” he whispered to his pet, “feelin’ a bit peckish this fine morning Alistair? Aargh, you be one finicky, feathered specimen, that you is.”
Johann approached one of the pole-men — a leathery-skinned chap, with a weather-beaten sailor’s hat and a fine stubble of facial hair all about his jaw and neck. He was chewing on a twig and scanning the water ahead. 
“Hullo,” Johann spurted. Olds was just now shuffling over toward the two, when the skuzzy river man held out his leathery hand to Johann.
“Name’s John B.,” he said matter-of-factly. Olds shook his hand as well. “But, everybody calls me “Sloop.”
Johann gave the sailor a drool look. “Oh, Sloop John B.,” he snidely remarked, “should’ve seen that one coming...”
The other man walked over. He was a bit thinner, with a dark tan and leathery skin as well. He was wearing a long-billed fisherman’s hat, which nicely accentuated his rather lengthy, triangular nose and excellent set of greenish buckteeth. Sloop pointed to him.
“That’s Ishmael,” he graveled. 
Johann lifted his eyes and slapped himself in the forehead. Olds just stood there looking slightly amused.
“Call me Ishmael,” The bucktooth sailor said plainly.
Johann loudly sighed. 
“So, what exactly do we do?” Olds asked in an inquisitive voice. 
“Keep the deck clean, and post yourselves up front with these poles, if you see any rocks, or if the shoreline gets too close, push off ‘em with these. Don’t need much work for the boat to keep moving. Spring rains have made the current pretty fast.”
“Watch for driftwood,” Ishmael suddenly piped in.
“Yea, keep a close eye on the river ahead, if ya see anything, tell the Cap’n,” Sloop added.
After raising his hand a little, Johann brightly asked, “What’s the poop deck?”
Sloop glanced over at him and smiled. “We don’t have a poop deck. There’s only one deck.” 
He gave both of the new recruits a stern look. 
“Don’t poop on it.”

*****

Gravy Acklander was the boss of Fouldune. He was never elected, or for that matter, never even ran for any office, nor was he ever appointed or given any kind of commission to that effect. His name never appeared on any documents or receipts that would lead anyone to believe that he was anything other than an owner of a local bistro. But, make no mistake about it, Gravy ran Fouldune. He had his hand in every deed, criminal or lawful. Fouldune had an elected mayor, but he was only a figurehead ― in charge of mundane laws and making sure the town’s sewage is dumped into the river on a regular basis. Fouldune’s Sheriff, John Brown, didn’t do anything ― except maybe scratch his crotch ― without Gravy’s prior approval. 
It was Acklander that collected the taxes, and it was he that one had to pay if they wanted their cargo to safely make it through the area. If the owners of Cap’n Kidneybean’s slabs of marble had known this, they could have paid Gravy off and been able to leave the boat totally unguarded, for no one would have even thought about stealing the precious freight. But, after the death of King Piddy the Fair, such arrangements were in a bit of disarray, and the new owners of the kingdom, King Hector Cornswallow, had not made any overtures to secure such measures. As a result, much of the supplies and cargo that they wanted shipped through the area were not making it to Rottweillor. This caused the Cornswallow hierarchy, notably Crown Prince Vespius Cornswallow, a lot of unease. 
Since the victory over King Piddy the Fair, their area of influence was expanding beyond Rottweillor’s walls, and new trade routes had suddenly opened up to them. Vespius knew that he was soon going to have to visit Fouldune and negotiate a deal with Gravy, to secure all shipments bound for Carbuckle, Rottweillor and Walder. Especially those meant for the Royal House. Gravy knew this too, and he expected a visit by one of their representatives very soon. 
At this particular moment though, he was not concerned about such things. He was sitting in his headquarters in the back of “Vera’s,” a well-known house of prostitution, and supposedly, one of the cities’ finest. The walls were covered with a garish pink and lavender wallpaper that had many illustrations of various small rodents humping chestnuts. He sat at a white, neo-classical desk ― silently staring out a window that overlooked a cemetery. 
Late yesterday evening, he had found out that his son had been killed in a street fight. 
Once upon a time ― but long after it was possible for frogs to become princes with just one kiss ― Gravy had harbored high hopes for his son. When the boy was young, he thought that he might one-day study at the Valdorlok Monastery and University Duplex, and maybe become a priest, or some type of official in King Piddy the Fair’s administration ― like Chancellor of License Bureaus, or the chief of F.E.M.A. 
Perhaps, his offspring might one day be a teacher of some sort, or maybe a tennis pro at a swanky country club. He had high hopes back then — that maybe his son might learn to read and write and go on to do great things ― perhaps start a book club, or invent the lava lamp. The one thing he didn’t want however was for him to join the family business. 
Unfortunately, his son was always big for his age ― just like his father had been. And with his size, and family’s name and reputation, he began to be a bully, and soon after, took great pleasure in it. As he grew older he became more and more involved with the workings of Gravy’s business. He worked his way up through the organization, to a fairly high-level position: controlling racketeering in the city, and extorting money from the local merchants — also known as collecting taxes — and taking his cut of the many unsavory things that went about every day in the town.
So, when Gravy found out that his only son had been killed, he was very upset, but no more upset over his death than he would have been if it had happened to any of his other top employees. His son was a good criminal, and a moneymaker, but no better or worse than five or six other such types that Gravy put his trust in.
He didn’t need to know why it happened, because no one knew his son better than he. His boy was a browbeater at heart. Always had been. This particular time though, someone got the better of him and his little gang of cronies. That was that. Gravy wasn’t even too concerned about who did it, really. He just wanted to make sure it wasn’t an act directed at him personally — an act perpetrated by some rival or disgruntled client or former employee who was attempting to make a statement, or part of a larger plot to somehow arrest control of a piece of Gravy’s empire from him.
He would probably have to kill the perpetrator in order to save face ― and to send a message to others. But, he didn’t really want to do it out of any sense of revenge or of justice. It was just business. Business as usual. Even though it involved his son didn’t really change a thing.
To Gravy, blood was indeed thicker than water. However, it was not nearly as thick as gold or silver.
His wife however didn’t see things that way. She did want to know who did it ― very, very badly. And she did want to know why. And she most definitely wanted the perpetrators killed. She loved their son and thought he was very special, and she wanted vengeance for his death. 
So, Gravy called his men in, and ordered them to search everywhere and to ask everyone about the fight that led to his son’s death. After his son’s cronies and several eyewitnesses were smacked around enough; they provided a description of the assailants ― a man wearing shiny boots and a rhinestone-encrusted pair of pants, and another man with muddy shoes and a black hoodie. His underlings scoured the city and countryside searching for the two culprits, but had yet to find a clue. 

Gravy Acklander sat in his office in the back of the bordello and added up in his head how much all this was costing him ― wondering if his son was ever really worth it.

*****

“Did you hear the news?” Harv frantically asked his wife, “On the way back from the dock, Gilly Moore told me that Acklander’s son was killed in a street fight yesterday. Somebody injured his throat and broke his nose. They say he suffocated.” He folded his hands behind his waist and rapidly paced around the floor of his shop. “He died right in the middle of the street.”
“You think that was the fight Oldsmobill and Johann were involved in?” Delores asked. She bundled her blouse a little tighter, suddenly feeling a cold chill inside the confines of the shop.
“Yes, they match the description given by several flogged eyewitnesses. I have to tell Oldsmobill and Johann,” Harv replied, while looking slowly about, “If Gravy finds out that they were hired by that boat captain, he’ll surely be waiting for them at Carbuckle. When they arrive at the docks, they’ll be sitting ducks!” 
Delores placed her thin fingers to her lips. She inhaled slowly. “They said they met the captain at the ‘Hoof and Mouth’…it won’t be long until news of their being hired by him is all over town.”
“I have to do something,” Harv pleaded.
“I agree, but what?” 
Harv sat down in a chair behind the counter of their shop. He glanced round the room. “Who can we trust to get a message to them before they arrive in Carbuckle?”
They both thought a few minutes. They scratched their heads. They rolled their eyes. They bit their lips. They leaned forward. They leaned back. They paced around the room. They frowned. They sighed.
“Any ideas?” Delores finally queried.
“Trust is such lean commodity in this town,” Harv replied. He rubbed his fingers through his hair. “Maybe Scott Mallet?”
“Nope, he died two days ago…a piano fell on him.” 
“Chico Abercrombie?”
“Accidentally fell off a cliff, last week, I think.”
Harv snapped his fingers. “A-ha! Felix Lunge!”
Delores curled her lips. “Drowned…last Thursday.”
“Really?” 
“Yea, the newspaper said he went snorkeling with a pair of cement flippers.”
“Huh, what about…Lester Hammyton?”
“Died in a hunting accident,” Delores frowned, “he was in his wine cellar, hunting for a bottle of chardonnay …when he accidentally stepped on a landmine.”
Harv sat back down and messed his hair up with his hands. He voiced a loud grunt, and then looked up at his darling wife. “I have no choice,” he softly spoke, “I have to do it.”
Delores sighed. “No, you can’t.”
“But, I have too, I can’t just let those two walk into an ambush.”
Delores closed her eyes. After a few seconds, she slowly opened them again. “I’ll take Harv-2 and mother to Heather’s farm. They’ll be safe there. I’ll meet you back here and we can leave in an hour or so.” She opened a drawer behind the counter and pulled out a ten-inch stiletto. She slid the glistening weapon into her boot. “You get both horses ready.”
Harv stood up and firmly stated, “You’re not going.” 
She took the stiletto out of her boot and put it back in the drawer. “Okay, but you’re not going either,” she replied.
“Oh, I’m going! I have to go!” Harv forcefully declared. Delores then pulled the stiletto back out of the drawer and glared at him. “But, I’m not letting you go!” he defiantly added.
She sighed and put the stiletto back into the drawer. “Then, you’re not going!” 
“I can’t let you go, it’s too dangerous! I have to go. I’m…I’m going to go!” 
“Well? If we’re going to go, then let’s go!” she fired back. She pulled the stiletto out of the drawer, and placed it on the counter with a loud ‘thunk.’
Harv deeply sighed, staring intensely at her. He fumed. ‘She never blinks,’ he thought to himself. ‘Never! Not once has she ever blinked. She should just once…blink... just once. Just once. But, No! Never, ever! Never, ever, ever, ever, ever…does she ever, ever blink!’
He was absolutely right.
“I’ll go get the horses,” he pouted, moving to the door. He then stopped abruptly, turned, and came back to give her a kiss. “I love you,” he said.
“I love you, too,” she softly replied, “be careful.”

And then, she blinked.

*****

When Mrs. Pillbox saw the stern-faced figure ambling down the street, she immediately grabbed her young child’s hand and scurried down an alleyway. Kipper Amalgamated took one look at him and jumped headfirst into a horse trough, with only his feet left sticking out of the water. Tilius Macklehemi tried burying himself in the street, while Kasper Kunningham ― who had no place to run ― grabbed a handful of leaves and pretended to be a sugar maple.
His name was ‘Slack.’ That’s all anyone can remember calling him. No one knew his real name, or even where the nickname ― if it was in fact a nickname ― came from. He was just Slack, and if you mentioned his name, you probably did so in a whisper. 
He was a killer. That’s it. That’s what everyone in Fouldune knew and that’s all they ever really needed to know about him. He was Gravy’s right-hand man and if he happened to visit your place of business, or worst yet, your house, you either did exactly what he told you to do, or you were dead meat. 
He was a big man. He always wore a long, dark gray cloak, and a round-billed hat that he kept close to his eyes. His long, black boots went just above his knees and were heavily creased and worn. His nose had obviously been broken, probably several times, and a small scar formed a pink, horizontal line across the bridge. He knew his place in this world of Fouldune, and he played his part well, looking every inch the sinister figure that he actually was.
Now, some might say that he could be a nice fellow once you got to know him, or that he told great stories, or that he was good with a joke, or was the soft and cuddly type deep down, but for most people in Fouldune, it just seemed easier to fear him, and when he walked down the street, with a malevolent look upon his face — well, it was better to go down a side street, or jump headfirst into a horse trough, or try your best to be mistaken for a sugar maple tree.
Slack stopped his ambling in front of the “Hoof and Mouth,” and slowly made his way up the stairs, passing Kasper Kunningham ― who was standing perfectly still. Slack suddenly stopped and glanced over his shoulder at the man doing his best imitation of a tree that he could possibly manage under such circumstances, and loudly snorted. A small wet patch slowly formed on Kasper’s pants, and continued to grow until his boots were soaked. Slack smirked and turned toward the empty doorway of the bar, when he heard the voice of Gnarly, the old blind man that always sat in front of the “Hoof and Mouth.” 
“Must be Slack,” he grizzled, his hand gently petting the matted hair of the mongrel dog at his feet.
“How’d you know, Gnarly?” Slack pleasantly replied, turning to face the old slop.
“Tell by that amblin’ walk,” he answered, “Y’see’s…you slightly shuffle one foot. I know’d that walk anywhere.”
Slack laughed.
The old man continued, “Plus there’s always a commotion when you’s a’coming, Slack.” Gnarly laughed a phlegm-filled laugh that always seemed to turn into a cough about halfway through.
The gristly codger wasn’t afraid of Slack. He wasn’t afraid of anybody. He spent most of his days sitting on the porch of the bar and petting his muddy old dog, while begging for a few coppers here and there and eventually drinking a little rum when he’d collected enough. He would talk to anybody that listened and to most anybody that didn’t.
Gnarly, however, heard absolutely everything.
“You’s lookin’ for them killers, ain’t ya? That’s why Slack come to the ol’ Hoof…am I, or am I not, right?” Gnarly’s face wrinkled into a smile. His dead, white eyes sparkled. “Mister Jingle-Jangle.”
“Hmm…maybe.” 
Slack pulled out a coin and placed it into the old man’s leathery, out-stretched hand. Gnarly immediately put the coin to his mouth and gave it good lick.
“Copper?” he yelped distastefully, before laughing a horrible cough again.
Slack smirked and reached back into his pocket, pulling out another coin. The old man took it and licked it and rubbed it in his thumbs. “Ya, ya, silver. That mo’ like it,” he spackled.
“This better be good.”
“Oh, I hears peoples talkin’. Gravy’s son was killed, they says. I hears ‘em. They says the man had shiny boots, well…har-har…I don’t know nuthin’ ‘bout what they looked like. Har-har! So’s I says to myself, ‘it was Mister Jingle-Jangle and his friend with the soggy shoes’. Aye!”
Slack leaned against a small railing to the left of the door. Gnarly put his hand out, and using his fingers to imitate a person’s legs, pointed them in the direction of the street. 
“I hears them coming up the forest trail…jingle-jangle, jingle-jangle…”
His two fingers started walking in the air above the street, slowly moving towards the bar. “Jingle-jangle, jingle-jangle, jingle-jangle, jingle-jangle…”
His fingers continued walking past the bar and southward down the road. “Jingle-jangle, jingle-jangle, jingle-jangle, jingle…” Gnarly stopped his digits, his arm pointing down the street. Slack looked at the old man’s hands suspended in the air, and peered down the dusty road. Gnarly then turned his hand back, facing the storefronts. 
“They stop, then talk a little, then…jingle-jangle, jingle-jangle…then, clump, jingle, clump, jangle, then…ding-ding.”
“Ding-ding?” Slack asked.
Gnarly exhaled a deep, fluidic breath. “…The bell above the Matters’ shop. Ding-ding! They’s in there for a while, then ding-ding again.”
Slack suddenly stood up and stared down the street at the little taxidermy shop.
“Then, jingle-jangle, jingle-jangle, jingle-jangle…they stops here and argue a second, and then…jingle-jangle into the ol’ Hoof.”
Slack turned back around and saw Gnarly’s fingers, moving back and forth near the bar’s entrance.
“I hears that peg-leg man…boompf, click…boompf, click…he goes in and a commotion soon starts…later, he comes out and heads north. Mister Jingle-Jangle and his friend headed south.” The old man pointed back down the street, lowered his arm and resumed petting the knotted hair of his dog. “After that, Gravy’s son…with his big ol’ flat feet…and a few others go out and follow Mr. Jingle-Jangle. They all go down to the crossroad and on down the river road. That’s what ol’ blind Gnarly heard. Yes I did. Har-har!”
Slack handed the old man a couple more silver pieces and slowly began walking into the street.
“Thank ya, Mister Slack,” Gnarly grated, before letting out a wheezy hack. Slack brushed his cloak off, and threw it back off his waist, revealing a short sword sheathed in a leather scabbard attached to his belt. He began his slow, slightly shuffled, amble down to the “Skin Matters” shop.
After he had gone a few steps, Gnarly starting giggling, and took his silver coins into the bar, while Kasper Kunningham threw down his handful of leaves and ran home to change his pants.

*****

Cap’n Kidneybean whistled and talked to his stuffed pigeon while his crewman scanned the river for driftwood and went about their daily chores. Oldsmobill was busy helping Ishmael in retying each of the ropes that held the assortment of cargo boxes in the middle of the boat, while Johann was trying to sort out a tangle of ropes near the front of the vessel. He was sitting like Buddha with the numerous strands scattered all around him.
Even though Cap’n Kidneybean liked to refer to “The Key Largo’, as a ship, it was far from it. It was a simple flat boat, often used for cargo transport up and down many such rivers of the world at that time. The deck was fairly flat from the front to the back, with a small rail along the prow, but there was no such railing around most of the vessel. A ten-foot pole rose out of the front deck with a large metal hook, and a chain wrapped around the top, which held a metal torch that was kept lit during most nights. The boat was quite weathered and seemed covered by a layer of gray dirt. The wood was worn smooth from many years of use. There was a white streak of paint that had been rather sloppily applied at the waterline, but had become very cracked and faded.
In the middle of the boat was a large pile of cargo, tied down securely with several ropes and a large net. A thick tarpaulin kept the marble and mahogany timbers safe from the weather. This precious cargo had been brought all the way from Italy, through various methods of transport, where it had been purchased by a finicky man whose name was Gerald Kelmscott, the ‘Cornswallow Interior Design Coordinator,’ who was on a buying spree and presently on his way to Naples.
Cap’n Kidneybean had been commissioned at the southern port of Huckabuck, to take the cargo up the river to Rottweillor, a trip he knew like the bottom of his favorite flagon, which incidentally, was engraved with the words: “Bottoms Up!”
At the rear of the boat was the rudder wheel, which looked as if it had been stolen from some Hollywood prop warehouse. There was a small shelter built around it to support a simple plank roof. The main support was bore by two large poles on each side of the wheel. These poles had an assortment of trinkets nailed or tied to them: a few bleached skulls of several varieties of rodents; some fish bones; an orange, long-haired, troll doll; three wishbones from long-deceased chickens; a necklace of bear claws; a seldom-used compass; a large glass thermometer attached to a rusty piece of sheet metal, with the words: “See Rock City!” written across the top in cracked red paint; a hubcap off a ‘64 Chevy; a set of dentures; various bracelets of beads and sand dollars; a shiny fishing lure; a rabbit’s foot; a weather-beaten Christmas stocking; a tortoise shell; and a faded photo of Johnny Depp dressed as a pirate captain, which had been torn out of a celebrity magazine.
Behind the wheelhouse, was the ‘Captain’s Quarter’s’ ― a rectangular shack that housed a small cot, a writing table, several stacks of seafaring maps, star charts, and a bunch of old telephone books.
A low, rectangular box ran in front of the wheel house which had a large padlock on it and a small sign written in crayon tacked to the front: “Mutineers will be severely reprimanded!”
Near the front of the vessel was a small hatch that led to a very cramped crawlspace under the main deck that housed six sleeping nooks. Almost totally dark, and lit only in the daytime by six very small grates in the ceiling, it was typically hot and stuffy in the confines under the deck and the crew seldom slept down there, preferring to bundle up and snoozing top-side instead. They did use the nooks to store their personal belongings though. Oldsmobill and Johann had put their bags of clothes and personal items, as well as the two swords in one of the recesses, in addition to Olds’ shiny boots, which were wrapped in a blanket, as he preferred to go barefoot while on the vessel. 
Oldsmobill finished tightening and checking the cargo and sat across from Johann and helped him unravel the pile of rope. 
“Hello, Horace,” Johann perked.
“Hello, chowder-head,” Oldsmobill gleefully replied.
They both continued the untangling exercise in futility before Olds spoke again. “So, how do you like the sea-faring life so far?”
“Heh, not bad…the Cap’n is a bit odd though.”
“Oh, he’s beyond odd. He passed the quaint little hamlet of ‘Odd’ a long time ago…he’s nearing the town of ‘Totally Lost His Grip,’ on the sloping shores of ‘Reality’, if you ask me.” Olds retorted, and then added, “Glad you changed your mind and came along, though.”
“Didn’t have much of a choice really. I didn’t want to spend my days and nights looking over my shoulder all the time, y’know? Fact is, Fouldune is not a very nice place, I was ready to leave, regardless.” Johann looked over at Olds, who was biting his lip as he concentrated on a particularly difficult knot. “What’s you going to do when we get to Rottweillor?”
“Find four carpenters.” Olds replied matter-of-factly. “Like I was supposed to do in the first place.”
“Can you do a quest out of order?” Johann queried.
“Don’t know…actually, I was kind of hoping for a total ‘do-over’.”
Johann smiled. The best thing he liked about his new friend was that he was always an optimist. “Been meaning to ask you something though…”
Olds glanced up. “What?”
“After seeing how you dealt with those thieves in the street…”
“Yes.”
“Well, it was quite an impressive thing, but it started me wondering about something…”
Olds, showing some concern upon his face and several long cords of thick rope draped over his shoulders, asked, “About what, Johann?”
“Why didn’t you do something like that in Timbrook, when the townspeople attacked you?”
He looked sharply at the cross-legged figure, before glancing around the boat to see if anyone else was within earshot. “Well, let me say this…I consider you a real friend, and I can’t thank you enough for all the help you’ve been…”
“Yea…I know…”
“So, I say this to you, and only you, and I tell you this in the hopes that you will never tell anyone else.”
“What?”
“Well, when those Timbrookians lunged at me…”
“Yea…”
“I have never been so scared in all my life.”
Johann smiled and began laughing under his breath.
Olds continued, “I’m serious. I just froze up. I couldn’t even speak…maybe a low squeal or squawk or something, but everything happened so fast…” Olds’ eyes widened and he breathed deeply. “I’ve been in battles and fights before, but…oh, Lord! Those people scared the living daylights out me.” Olds’ whole body shuttered, “…Still gives me the shivers!”
“I appreciate you confiding in me about that.”
“I wasn’t expecting their reaction to be…well…what their reaction was. I didn’t see it coming at all.” Olds, now with a large pile of assorted ropes covering his torso and neck, spoke in a confident voice: “Of course, if anyone else asked me that question, I would probably say that my inaction was due to my overwhelming compassion for the poor ol’ grubby buggers. Uh, sorry…no offense.”
Johann laughed and continued his chore, “Heh-heh…none taken.”
Another image of the events in Timbrook flashed through Oldsmobill’s mind and he shuddered again underneath a pile of tangled ropes.

*****

Harv returned from the livery, where he kept his and Delores’ horses stored. He tied them to a small post in the back of his shop, attempting to attract as little attention as possible. He speedily entered the backdoor, ran to the counter and started packing a saddlebag with assorted supplies. His wife had not returned from her friend Heather’s house, which was just beyond a hill to the west.
A large shadow covered the doorway and Harv looked up. He saw Slack’s monstrous, dark presence, which then began knocking forcefully on the door. He peered in and saw Harv behind the counter looking at him with huge, apprehensive eyes. Harv slowly moved to the door and unlocked it. 
“Closed?” Slack asked.
“Uh, yea, getting a late start on the day.”
Slack ambled inside and quickly spied the saddlebag on the counter. “Going somewhere?”
“Just to get some supplies, that’s all. What can I do for you, Slack?”
“There was a couple of men came in here yesterday…a man in shiny boots, and another, shorter fellow. Just wondered what they might have wanted.”
“Yesterday? A man with shiny boots…hmm. Oh, yes, yes, they just sold me these rabbit pelts. That was all.”
Slack investigated the pelts. His face furrowed in apprehension. “Really? Did they say anything to you…where they were going, what they were planning on doing in town?”
“No. They just wanted to make some quick cash, is all. Not particularly friendly sorts of chaps, y’know?”
Slack looked about the shop, he circled around it slowly, eyeing everything until he was facing Harv again. “That it?” he abruptly asked.
“Pretty much. Like I said, they didn’t say much.”
Slack continued to look around; he leisurely walked behind Harv and made his way toward the back curtain. “They didn’t say where they were from, or what their names were?” 
Harv shook his head slowly. “No…just that they had some pelts to sell.”
Slack pulled the curtain apart briskly and walked to the back door. He saw the two cots in the storeroom, and through the window, he spied the two fresh horses tied to a post. Slack scratched the back of his neck and slowly turned.
“Hmmm…two men,” he quietly spoke, “…two cots, two horses…and a saddle-bag full of supplies.” He slowly walked back to Harv, who reacted by stepping backward through the curtain and into main room of the shop. 
“Well, like I said, my wife and I are going to get some supplies from Valdorlok, and we had a couple of her relatives over the other night and they slept down here.” Harv looked Slack straight in the eye. He placed his hand on the counter like a customer might casually do. “That’s it.”
Slack slyly smiled. “Where is your wife?”
“She took our boy over to stay at a friend’s.”
“Really?” Slack looked up at the ceiling as if he was trying to see through the wood and tile above. “Mind if I have a look around?” 
He asked it as a question but he turned back to the curtain before Harv had a chance to answer. Harv took two steps forward and began to reply.
“I told you I don’t know anything about…”
Slack suddenly swung a vicious backhand across Harv’s face, which sent him flying into a shelf of furry blankets and stuffed marsupials. He landed with a loud crash and a groan.
“Two men! Two cots! Two Horses! And a full saddlebag!” he yelled out, staring down at Harv’s collapsed body. He crouched down a bit and sneered: “And a man that saw me at his door…and looked like he had just seen a ghost…”
“There’s no one up there! Go look!” Harv grunted. 
Slack smiled and leaned over Harv’s crumpled figure. “Yea, maybe they ain’t up there, but I bet you know exactly where they are, don’t you, Matters?”
“I already told you…”
“Yea, I heards what you said. But yer words ain’t gonna save you this time.  Gravy’s been lookin’ for something on you...and now you’ve given him something.” Slack grinned like a great white shark, “Your reputation won’t save you or your wife…not anymore.” 
Slack just stood over him and continued to laugh. Harv began to breathe heavily. His eyes glanced round his shop.
Slack grunted and turned. “But, I’m gonna check upstairs anyway.” He took two steps, and just before he had taken a third, Harv suddenly saw everything. Through crimson lenses, he witnessed what the future held for him and his family. 
Even though there wasn’t enough evidence in the shop for a court of law ― this wasn’t a court of law. Men like Slack and Acklander didn’t need courts or laws, they just needed suspicion. And Slack suspected something — and in Fouldune, that was good enough to get a person tortured or killed. Harv saw himself being harassed and bullied by Acklander and his men. He saw them terrorizing his family — possibly killing all of them over nothing but the faintest of possibilities that Harv and his wife were somehow involved in the death of Acklander’s son. At the least, Harv and Delores would join the numbers of other residents that paid not only taxes, but also ‘protection’ fees to Gravy as well. Acklander would then own them, just like he owned most of the town, and everything that Harv and Delores had worked so hard for would be gone. Harv felt his stomach tightened as he saw his entire life slowly torn apart right before his very eyes.
In that split second, when Slack’s foot was in midair, halfway between his second and third step, Harv saw his fate. And just before Slack’s foot touched the floor, Harv knew exactly what he had to do.
“Get out of my store!” Harv yelled at the top of lungs. He jumped up and grabbed the brute’s sleeve and was about to strike him when Slack brought his fist around and connected it right upon Harv’s opened jaw. Darkness filled the taxidermist’s eyes as everything suddenly seemed muffled and distant. He crumbled and fell to the floor. 
“You’re a dead man, Matters!” Slack yelled out. He then brought the tip of his boot hard against Harv’s ribs, and the thin figure grunted loudly and curled into a ball of pain and gasping breaths. Slack stood over him and kicked him again. He then pulled his sword out of the scabbard and waved it in the air. “Let’s see how many slices it takes to get to the truth, huh? Mister Matters? You like the sound of that game?” Slack growled, and then kicked him again.
Harv yelled in pain. Salvia poured from his mouth in between his gasps. He lifted himself up to his hands and knees and started to cough. “No!” he cried out, “…No.”
Slack started laughing, “No?”
Harv looked up at the oppressive figure and yelled again. “No!” His face was red and covered in tears and spit and sweat. His eyes were bloodshot and swollen. “You can’t control me! Not you…not Gravy! I will not let you. No matter what you do…you will never control me.”
Slack started to slowly nod his head. The vicious smile started becoming larger and larger. “Really?” he whispered through his teeth, “Well, I don’t see anybody else here. Where’s your friends now? Where’s all those townspeople that you think look up to you, and admire you? Where are they, ‘skinner’?” Slack let out a loud laugh and brought his fist down upon Harv’s face again. “There ain’t no one here but me, Matters! And I’s gonna beat the truth out of ya!”
Slack then grasped the back of Harv’s collar and lifted the beleaguered man up. He pointed his sword at his bruised and bloodied face and whispered in the most sinister of voices, “And if you won’t tell me what I need to know…then I bets yer wife will.”
Harv’s eyes were suddenly covered with rage and anger. He started to say something in reply, but Slack threw him back to the floor and started laughing again. Harv lay there for several seconds ― the words and the laughter echoed around and around inside his head, growing and growing in intensity. He couldn’t bear the sound anymore. He slid his fingers to his right until he felt the edge of a pile of fur blankets that had been knocked over in the scuffle. Slowly, his fingers crept underneath the layers of fur until they found the object he was searching for. 
He then rose up and swung a small axe straight for Slack’s chest, but before the blade could connect, Slack abruptly shifted to his right. The axe slashed across his arm, just above the elbow, and Slack thrust his limb through the pain and the force of the blow, and backhanded Harv’s lower arm and then the side of his face. A splatter of blood sprayed across the room, and Harv landed sideways near the front door. Slack staggered backwards ― grabbing his arm tightly, and feeling a gush of blood flow through his fingers. He bellowed in pain and shock as the axe fell to the floor. 
Harv rolled and reached for a small sword that was sitting upright in the corner of the shop, sheathed in a bronze and leather scabbard. He crawled and stumbled for it, pushing stuffed animals and a small table of fox-pelts out of the way. 
Slack pulled his bloody hand off his wound and grunted. He then transferred his weapon to his other hand and lifted the glistening blade into the air. “You!” he yelled out, “I’m gonna carve you up good, Matters! You’ll be beggin’ for death! Beggin’!” He swung the sword and knocked over a fur-covered mannequin. He yelled a blood-thirsty cry and took a step towards Harv ― who nervously held the still-sheathed sword firmly in his fist. Slack was almost standing over him now, his face covered with an expression of ferocious anger and revenge. He lifted the sword up.
Then, he suddenly stopped. His hand was still holding the weapon in midair but his whole body wavered. 
Harv’s mouth opened wide as he noticed something on Slack’s chest and stomach ― two small flowers of blood slowly started to bloom — wider and wider ― followed by a black, pointed object that began to emerge from his chest, while another appeared from his stomach. Blood began pouring from the wounds. Slack’s body jerked convulsively as the two objects erupted from his torso. They looked like two gigantic insect antennae — black, grooved, and sticking out of his torso about four inches each. Slack’s expression changed. A puzzled look covered his face as he slowly let his sword fall to the floor.
Looking down, Slack saw the strange tubular objects sticking out and tried to comprehend what had happened. He attempted to say something, but only a stream of blood and red foam poured from his mouth. He suddenly felt himself circling in a dark spiral, the blackness creeping closer and closer, and slowly engulfing him. 
His last thought on this planet ― the last thought of his life ― was not about his mother, or images of the past, or of a long-lost love, or of God, or of even death itself. It was: ‘What the hell are these things sticking out of me?’
Then, everything went black.
He collapsed in a heap at Harv’s feet, and as the man fell, Harv gasped and looked up and saw his wife. She was breathing heavily, slightly crouched, with a splatter of blood on her arms. In front of her was the mounted head of an African gazelle, its neck attached to a large wooden plaque, upside down, but straight up in the air ― its long black horns deeply imbedded into Slack’s back.
“Harv? Are you all right?” she asked between anxious breaths. She then stepped over the body and ran to her fallen husband.
They held each other very tight for several minutes. 
Delores’ started to cry, and Harv did as well.
Oh, my god…I saw him beating you and I…I…” her words turned into loud sobs.
“It’s alright, it’s alright. You did what you had to do.”
Delores held Harv’s bruised face in her hands. Her face was full of anguish. “Are you okay, Harv?”
He winced and slowly nodded his head. “Yea, I’ll be fine...” He glanced over at the pile of flesh that everyone once called ‘Slack’.
“We gotta get out of here…”




Chapter Six: Mary of the Tides


The old man was laughing a hearty laugh. He clapped his hands and stuck his tongue out. “Ya, ya,” he yelped, “Insidious though it may be, I find mindless entertainment the most joyful of life’s little missives!” 
He then continued to rub the remains of his dinner upon his chest.
“Palindrome! Palindrome!” he cried out to the ceiling, “Bring me wine and horses and large pheasants and pickled pig hooves, and grapefruits and exotic nuances from far-away tourniquets and other such unearthed, earthly delights!” He worked a lather between his lips and started licking the greasy tips of his fingers.
“Oh, my tongue palpitates in anticipation!” he slobbered. He started to jump up and down on his bed, sending pillows and spoons and plates and food flying and crashing to the floor. 
“Now, more acrobatics! For the sun is a’sinkin on the battlements and me head is dizzy with emotes and damp approvals!” He started clapping again. Two shapely women, dressed in clown costumes and lacey pantaloons began doing somersaults and handstands around the bed, while a mandolin player and a drummer in a jester’s outfit continued the cacophony.
The old man babbled nonstop and saw a flock of ravens encircle the bright parade, followed by a squadron of bats and several pink-bottomed baboons playing big blue bassoons — but no one else did.
When the clowns took off their masks, he fell down on the bed and made snorting sounds like a pig. “Oh, I love these nightly parades, more so now, with the adoring crowds showering me with such adulation and gnashing of teeth,” he breathlessly sputtered. 
Banners unfurled above him and confetti fell from the chandeliers as the unmasked clowns, dressed in scarlet headgears, and billowing purple chiffon pantsuits, rolled across the bed at his feet. He heard a crowd cheer and throw roses and soft candies at his face and he opened his chops and tried to catch them on his tongue. 
“Yes! It is I!” he sang out, “Lord of the High Country! Come now, my subjects, show thy affection and vex my perplexion!” 
A soft tongue suddenly rolled around inside his mouth, but he wasn’t sure if it was his.
Elephants passed from closet to closet and a team of enchanted pixies danced upon his shoulders and lightly touched his nose with their sparkling wands, sending showers of golden dust all over his bed. The dust became stars and stars turned into galaxies, and soon, he was like a god ― commanding the movements of heavenly bodies, as comets crashed against his lips and moist, sweet meteors revolved around his ears and down the nape of his neck. 
“I am god,” he whispered to the universe. 
And the universe giggled back at him. 
“Yes, m’lord,” her voice replied, while licking the rim of his ear. Another voice spoke, as a distant star turned into a supernova, “And we are your creations.” The universe giggled again. And the stars that moved about in the darkness twinkled brightly, and smiled at him and kissed his forehead, before slowly, slowly, fading to black.
Algebra opened the door after one of the clowns had knocked upon it thrice. He peered in like a funeral director clothed in a film of perspiration and cheap cologne, and motioned the musicians out. He smiled at the two women in their clown costumes and handed them both a small bag of coins, which they each gleefully took before giggling down the hallway. 
He walked over to the bed and tucked King Hector in, put out the torch, and left him sleeping in his darkness. 

*****

Twilight stretched its bruised hand across the horizon and cast the city of Fouldune in an unearthly glow.
Delores filled several large cloth bags with items. She quickly went about the daunting task of looking upon all of their possessions and trying to deem, in a very short space of time, which ones were valuable or important enough to take along. She strapped the bags tight to her horse, just as Harv came out of the back door of their shop wearing an assortment of armor, and swords and knives, and a pair of big furry boots, as well as a fur-lined, cone-shaped helmet. He looked just like Genghis Kahn without the goatee or beady eyes.
She looked at him and gradually smiled. ‘Her lovable Harv’, she thought to herself. “You planning on riding all the way to Valdorlok dressed like a Mongol?” she asked in a sharp tone of voice.
He looked up at her and frowned. His left eye was bruised and swollen, as was his cheekbone. He finished loading a few bags on his horse and pulled the animal around. “No…” he pouted.
When they were both upon their steeds, they turned and began galloping to her friend Heather’s small bungalow to retrieve Delores’ mother and their darling son. They both took a quick glance at everything they were leaving behind.
About a half-hour later, they were outside her friend’s house, and Harv-2 was sitting on the saddle with his mother, which he quite enjoyed, and showed his pleasure by kicking his feet and singing out: “Whee! Horsee!” 
Delores held her son tightly in her arms. Her mother was now on the other horse, wearing some of Harv’s get-up, including the Mongol helmet. In the dying rays of the evening sun, she could have easily been mistaken for an over-sized Valkyrie.
“Head southwest for Tribble’s farm, and I’ll meet you on the old road near the mill.” Harv told them, his wife bent down and gave him a kiss. Harv smiled up at her while ruffling his child’s hair. “Be careful,” he said. 
“We will, dear,” Delores replied.
“This is madness…” his mother-in-law grumbled.

*****

Inside the “Hoof and Mouth,” Kasper Kunningham was having a tall glass of dark ale and staring at a crude mosaic on the wall depicting Vas Deferen the Great at the battle of Wet Lake — the quirky conqueror was shown with a mighty sword in one hand, while the other hand was tied behind his back. 
Kasper had just returned from home after changing his pants from the earlier incident with Slack. The pub was pretty full, for it was ‘cripple’s night’ at the old establishment and anyone with a handicap got their drinks for half price.
Kasper wasn’t handicapped, unless you’re counting an easily frightened bladder on that list, but he drank quite a bit nevertheless. The usual assortment of cutthroats and scoundrels milled about the place, taking advantage of the drink special by walking from table to table with fake limps, or by keeping one of their hands curled up deep inside their sleeves.
One man had a pillow strapped to his shoulders and was pretending to be a hunchback, but nobody was really buying it. Another desperate old alcoholic had taped two small garden rakes to his clenched fists, claiming that he suffered from carpal-tunnel syndrome, which fooled the bartender, but made lifting a jug of rum to his lips a rather difficult task. Another man was dressed up like a Holstein cow, although no one was really sure why.
Next to Kasper at the bar was the old sod, Gnarly ― now nearing an alcohol-induced, vegetative-state. He rasped and coughed, and laughed and coughed, and then — in a rare fit of drunken reverie — just coughed. He was rather tired and sweaty after slapping himself around the bar for a few minutes. His eyes rolled around in their sockets as he panted over a large cup of corn whiskey.
Suddenly, there was a commotion outside, and Kasper looked round and saw several men carrying torches quickly passing by the bar’s empty doorframe. A second or two later, Helius Uber-Ober ran through the opening and yelled, “Have ya’s heard? Someone’s killed Slack!” 
The entire barroom grew very quiet. Even the mandolin player stopped playing, as well as the old man standing on the podium next to him, who had been singing ‘Aqualung.’ 
A stillness permeated every half-closed eye, fake peg-leg, and borrowed pair of crutches. After a few seconds of total silence, everyone suddenly jumped up ― and wildly cheered. 
It was as if Jesus had walked into the bar and cured the whole bunch. 
Helius rolled his eyes and ran back outside. Kasper, after quickly downing the ‘free round on the house’ that the barkeep had so joyously announced, followed him out into the darkened street. Gnarly attempted such a maneuver as well, but fell flat on the floor and just lay there, slowly drifting in and out of consciousness while mumbling something about unicorns and rainbows.
Outside, a crowd was gathering around the “Skin Matters” shop. Kasper turned and saw the huge figure of Gravy Acklander, flanked by two especially bear-like goons, approaching the scene. His face was covered with a look that told Kasper that the old crime boss was not at all happy, and many a poor rodent would surely be ruthlessly tormented tonight. Acklander passed through the crowd like a runaway bulldozer through a herd of bug-eyed sheep. He reached the door of the shop just as they were bringing Slack’s body out ― the mounted Gazelle’s head still imbedded in his back. A low gasp went through the crowd as most everyone looked on in horror. A few people started to giggle, but were immediately flogged.
Gravy commanded his men to thoroughly search the place, and several barrel-headed goons bull-rushed the building. They proceeded to destroy everything in the shop. One henchman even began taking an axe to the windows and doors; another tore the wallpaper off the walls, while another uprooted several suspicious-looking houseplants.
Soon after, Sheriff John Brown, and Mayor Burgomaster, as well as the town’s four permeable guards arrived. They immediately realized that the situation was slowly spiraling out of control — and promptly left the scene.
When everything in the shop was destroyed, Gravy’s thugs came back out en masse and spoke as one: “Nuttin’, sir.” 
Gravy took a look inside and saw the splintered furniture, decapitated stuffed beavers and pillaged opossum carcasses, the litter of papers, and abused wallpaper, and the large cloud of animal hair and feathers that floated in the air. 
“Burn it,” he yelled. His henchman immediately threw several torches into the devastation, which quickly caught fire. It was at this point that Kasper held up his arm, and frantically waved at Gravy, hoping to be called upon. 
“Over here!” he yowled. 
Gravy slowly turned and peered at him with rage-filled, squinted eyes. “What do you want?” 
“Uh, do you think that’s a good idea, I mean, setting that building on fire?” Kasper meekly queried.
“What?” Gravy screamed. His expression of anger and distrust slowly changed a few degrees to reveal a shade or two of surprise and puzzlement. 
A tad more nervous, Kasper, sensing that all eyes were now upon him, and that several goons had started to slowly moose their way through the crowd to his position, swallowed hard, and said, “Well, I mean…for safety reasons, do you think it’s a good idea to set that structure on fire?” 
The flames began to grow inside the shop and a smell of burning rabbit hair, wood, and taxidermist’s glue drifted into the air. One of Gravy’s underlings firmly grasped Kasper’s arm. 
Gravy looked around and yelled again: “What?!”
Kasper, undeterred, continued his point, even though a moist warmness began to bathe his groin area, “Well, there’s a very good possibility…that because of the close proximity of these establishments to one another, and the fact that they are made almost entirely out of flammable materials…namely wood…” He stopped and smiled up at the large thug that was now dragging him to the front of the crowd — encouraged only by the warm sensation that was growing about his upper thighs — he continued,  “…and the fact that we have no advanced fire-fighting equipment or techniques…”
The thug threw Kasper to the ground right at Gravy’s feet. The irritated crime boss peered down at Kasper like an overbearing overlord, which is what he had always wanted to be seen as, in the first place.  
Kasper wiped the dirt from his face and continued, in a slightly softer, pleading voice, “…There is a real chance that this fire will be totally out of control within a matter of minutes.” He then produced one of those smiles that a person gives when they spill a glass of wine on a new white carpet, or accidentally run a grocery cart into someone at the local supermarket. “Sorry,” he politely added, “…just thought I might bring that up…”
Large flames suddenly burst through the top windows and roof of the shop as large plumes of sparks lifted into the sky. Many of the embers fell upon the two neighboring buildings and their roofs began to smolder. 
All of a sudden, a voice from the crowd frantically screamed: “Jiminy Jehoshaphat’s! He’s burning the whole town down!” People immediately panicked and ran about screaming. They ran all over the street — up and down and back and forth, this way and that — but for the most part — they just ran into each other. Their hands were violently waving in the air as they hurried about in small circles, frantically screaming non-stop at the tops of their lungs, until they either collided with another lunatic, hit a light pole, or crashed into the wall of a nearby building. 
“Somebody grab a bucket!” a voice shrieked.
“Somebody grab a lot of buckets!” someone yelped.
“And some water, too!” another added.
Kasper picked himself up amid the commotion, slowly dusted himself off, and looked up at the three buildings that were now on fire. He shrugged, and went home for the second time that day to change his pants. 

From a line of trees overlooking the city, Harv hid in the shadows and watched his shop burn. He saw the flames grow higher and higher as the two neighboring shops soon caught fire as well. The townspeople were still madly running about, but none, as far as he could see, were doing anything to actually put the flames out. 
He saw the mayor, the sheriff and his guards, come running down the road again. They stopped and stared at the calamity and near-riot for a few minutes, before quickly turning, and running away. 
In the middle of all the action, Gravy Acklander stood perfectly still; his arms were poised upon his hips. At his feet was the lifeless body of Slack, with the Gazelle’s head still sticking straight up out of his back, all of which was covered by a large white sheet, and resembled a strange piece of draped furniture.
Harv literally watched his entire life go up in smoke and flames and drifting embers. He stood there, concealed by a large tree, and started to worry about the fate of Oldsmobill and Johann. It was too late to ride to Carbuckle in time to warn them. He had to get his family to safety first.  That was his primary concern at this point ― getting his loved ones away from the insanity before Gravy could get to them. He slowly crept back away from the tree line, and began running deeper into the woods and toward the mill.

*****

After a hearty dinner of dog-food and slugs, the Cap’n looked out upon the moonlit river. The little torch at the front of the boat sent ripples of wavy light upon the surface of the gentle current. His unshaven mug faintly glowed as well, and small, golden stars of reflected light twinkled from his stuffed pigeon’s glass eyes. 
“Aargh,” he cried out, “ ‘Tis the witchin’ hour…as they say in Salem…and time fer a mighty taste of the ol’ rum and river-water brew!” He grabbed a large cask and poured some of the dark liquid into a terra cotta jug, before carefully reaching down and topping it off with water from the Mea Culpa. “Aargh, did that once and caught me a mudskipper…didn’t last two seconds in the ol’ flagon before it keeled o’er deader than Emperor Aurelius. Aargh! Tastiest fish I ever et!”
The old buccaneer took a huge swig of the concoction and stamped his peg-leg rapidly. A contorted wince wrinkled his bearded face. “Aargh!” he growled, “Sweeter than Miss Nightingale’s kisses, but bites like an old nun after communion! Aargh! Pass it around boys…and don’t Bogart that flagon!”
The Cap’n continued pounding his peg-leg upon the deck, but gradually lengthened the percussive sound until it was in 4/4 time. At which point he began bellowing a sea-faring tune. The other crewmembers started to join in as well, taking huge mouthfuls of the rum, and dancing about the deck of ‘The Key Largo.’ Even the crate of Tasmanian devils started to growl along to the old rhyme. By the second chorus, Olds and Johann had joyfully joined in. 
After each verse, the men would cry out “Woo-hoo” or “Ya-ha!” and they clapped along and stomped their feet to the beat. The Cap’n leisurely turned the wheel of the craft left and right and the entire boat swayed to the tune. Sloop crooned the third verse in the most amazing falsetto that Olds and Johann had ever heard, and both looked on in total surprise at hearing such a fine singing voice come from such a leathery seadog.
It was an old sailing song called “Mary of the Tides,” and their reverie echoed up and down the moonlit river.

“There once was a girl from Nantucket,
With the prettiest of buckets,
Rosy cheeks, and large doe-eyes,
She made every port of call,
From Shanghai to Portugal,
And they named her: “Mary of the Tides.”

From Bangkok to Tripoli,
She visited many a fleet,
And made every crewman blush and smile.
Every sailor on every ship,
She left them all a special gift:
A little something to remember her by.

Look away! Look away!
You poor, heartsick knave,
It’s not love that gives you that burnin’ feelin’.
For ‘Mary of the Tides’, 
Has given you a surprise,
That can only be cured with penicillin.

A fisherman in the Bering Strait,
She did indeed infatuate,
With her long hair and colored ribbons.
She gave him a kiss,
And one night of bliss,
And a gift that just kept on givin’.

A sailor in Hammerstead
Gave her a twirl once, and said:
‘I love you more than anything in the world.’
She said: ‘I love you too, Ned
But, that’ll be three ‘silver-heads,’
For life’s rough for us poor surfer girls.’

Look away! Look away!
You poor, heartsick knave,
It’s not love that gives you that burnin’ feelin’.
For ‘Mary of the Tides’, 
Has left you a surprise,
That can only be cured with penicillin.

A Captain by the name of ‘Kweeg’
Took her with him to sea,
But, a storm blew in vicious and vile,
To splinters, the ship was tore,
And killed all that was aboard,
And left the two stranded on a deserted isle...

So, a raft he tried to fix,
And watched for passing ships,
And even thought of swimming all the way home.
He said: “If I don’t get off this beach,
That pretty, poisonous peach,
Will surely, wear me down to the bone.”

Look away! Look away!
You poor, heartsick knave,
It’s not love that gives you that burnin’ feelin’.
For ‘Mary of the Tides’, 
Has given you a surprise
That can only be cured with penicillin.

Toward the mighty English Sea,
Sailed Napoleon’s great fleet,
For Nelson, they were a’gunnin’.
In Trafalgar Bay,
Mary let her hips sway,
And half the French Navy was done in.

Then, one stormy night, a tragedy!
The ship she was on hit a great reef,
And sunk, and poor Mary died.
And though some might still miss her,
She was sure tough on the ole’ pisser,
The sea’s sister: “Mary of the Tides!”

Look away! Look away!
You poor, heartsick knave,
It’s not love that gives you that burnin’ feelin’.
For ‘Mary of the Tides’, 
Has left you a surprise
That can only be cured with penicillin.”

Laughter filled the river valley as the boat moved on through the night. Cap’n Kidneybean’s loud voice could be heard for miles as he sang more songs and told great sea tales, all accompanied by his bellowing chortles.

*****

It was late, too late for visitors, but someone was rapping on Vespius’ chamber door. 
It was late, too late, but he was busy…looking through a crate…of documents…that had been retrieved from Lamprey’s prison grate. 
He sighed when he heard the rapping, knowing that he should have been napping, but instead was up mapping, and tapping his foot upon the floor. 
So, placing his work upon his desk, he approached the inconvenience with much distress, and after some flapping, he soon started yapping: “Why are you knocking on my chamber door? What in the name of evermore, could you ever be wanting me for? Could it be, perhaps, your name is…Lenore?”
“Sorry, to bother you sir, at this hour…” 
Ah, hell…it was just Algebra. 
The sniveling manservant’s thin lips made a series of groveling noises. “…But I thought you should know of this, first thing.”
Vespius frowned, and let the man smelling of cheap imitation lilacs and liquidly, late night vices in. Vespius glanced about the receiving chamber to his room, making sure the guards were still awake and keeping watch. He slowly closed the door.
“Sir, there’s been a misfortunate occurrence, it seems that another of the king’s shipments have been confiscated by criminals.” Algebra softly spoke in the hissing way he always spoke. “Two wagonloads of items were stolen, including a large supply of cantaloupes, m’lord.”
Vespius continued to frown, “…and?”
“And, sir, we are nearly out, we have only a few left in the cellar.” Algebra crossed his bony fingers, the ends of which were tipped with the orangey stain of his nightly obsessions.
The crown prince walked over to a table and slowly poured himself a glass of wine. “Well, we can’t have that. The king must have his morning melon, mustn’t he…” he said before taking a sip.
“Yes, m’lord.” 
“How many days supply do you have?” Vespius asked. He raised his chin and pursed his lips ― was he in deep thought or just judging the wine? Algebra couldn’t be sure.
“Four, sir,” the thin, vinegary whelp replied. “If none of them ripen too quickly.”
Vespius sat the glass down, and walked to the door. “Well…I will personally make sure the confiscated cargo is here within four days, or if need be, find another shipment. Do not fear, my little turdling, I will make sure the king does not miss a meal. Thank you for your continued service, and for always looking like an emaciated toad, Algebra.”
The sinister little addict’s hands shook as if on fire. He lisped something inaudible and made his way back out the door. Limping down the hall, he happily wheezed and gurgled. 
Vespius stood in the doorway a few seconds and watched as Algebra sloughed away. He then motioned to one of his guards. “Send General Reaver to me,” he calmly commanded, and the guard bowed and hastily withdrew ― stage left.
Moments later, Vespius’ old friend and most trusted confident, General Reaver rapped twice before entering. His back was as straight as an arrow, but his shoulders slumped slightly, and his beer belly expanded just over his belt.
“Yes, Vespius,” he said in a light, familiar way, not like a soldier would normally speak to the crown prince, but he and Vespius went way back. General Reaver personally trained the young buck back at the Walder Military Academy, and Vespius had learned his lessons well, although his sword-fighting technique was below par. However, he excelled in ‘Battlefield Tactics’ and the brief ‘History of Spoon Warfare’ classes.  
“Evening, Edward,” Vespius replied, slightly smiling, “I’m sorry to ask this of you, but I need you to prepare your men to ride first thing in the morning. I suppose twenty or thirty should suffice…all in full battle gear…banners, flags, the whole show.”
“Yes, sir. They will be ready.”
Vespius walked over to him and offered him a glass of wine, which the general accepted with a nod and a smile. “Sorry, Edward, for the late notice, trust me, I don’t look forward to this trip either.”
“You’re going too, sir?”
“And you as well, old friend.” Vespius casually smiled. “Seems we’re still having trouble around Fouldune with the royal supplies, and I must go and clear the whole mess up.”
The general nodded slowly. Vespius took another sip and walked over to a large closet. Once opened, it revealed a fine set of black armor. “Should’ve done it weeks ago, really…just, well, I just kept putting it off…”
The general grunted.
Vespius punted, “Now, prognostication has unfortunately come around and bitten me on the ass, it seems.”
“We’ll be ready to ride at sunrise, sir. I’ll make sure your horse is ready as well.”
“One other thing, I’ll need you to send five, yes, five should be enough, or so, down there tonight. They are to accompany Secretary Narlog. Tell him that when I get there tomorrow, I want to know everything about that place, understand?”
“They will leave immediately.”
“Five should be enough, right?”
General Reaver curled his lip and nodded approvingly. 
“Thank you, Edward. Sorry again about the short notice and all. Make sure the troops all look sharp and sinister, alright?”
“Of course, sir.” 
With that, the general sat his glass down and walked to the door. “They will scare the daylights out ‘em!” he laughed, as he left the chamber.
The crown prince shuffled over to his enormous bed. It was big and puffy and had several layers of quilted blankets on top. Vespius sat on the edge. His furry red slippers barely touched the floor. Leaning over to his nightstand, he picked up a yellow stack of papers — all of which were crammed with the strange writings of an old man locked in a prison cell. 

*****

Gravy stood in front of ‘Vera’s’ and watched the glow of the fire grow. People were running in a panic up and down the street. Some were carrying buckets of water. Most though, weren’t carrying anything — just running around and screaming their heads off. 
A row of buildings blocked a total view of the devastation, but he could see enough to know what was happening. The Matter’s shop, a nice two-story building, was now almost totally gone, as well as the little hair salon next to it, and the one-level doughnut shop on the other side. The fire probably wouldn’t spread further south toward the river, as there was a large space between the doughnut shop and a small, stone, blacksmith’s outlet. 
North of the fire was the ‘Hoof and Mouth,’ and it was now on fire, and beyond that was a cross street that led to several gambling dens and a restaurant. Each of those structures would probably catch fire as well, which pleased some of the residents of Fouldune, for they wanted to see the big, wooden chicken atop ‘Petey’s Fried Chicken Hut’ burst into flames.
Across the street were several wooden shops and stores as well, but they would probably be safe from the fire as long as the wind didn’t pick up.
A few of Gravy’s men stood huddled around him like a team of football players along the sideline of a game, and Gravy was obviously their coach. A few of the working girls from ‘Vera’s’ stood around too. One could say that they were like the team’s cheerleaders, but that might be stretching it.
A sudden orange bloom burst through the air and the shockwave hit the group soon after. It was a massive explosion and the screams of panic intensified. One particular crazy-eyed man ran past them crying: “It’s the end o’ the world! It’s the end o’ the world!”
Gravy watched the man pass, and after observing a large cloud of burning embers disappear into the sky, said simply, “There went the ‘Hoof and Mouth.’ He slowly moved out into the street a little before turning to face his men.
“I want them found,” he sneered, “I want them found and I don’t care what it takes. I don’t care how much it costs. I want them found!” 
He turned and gazed at the fire again before pirouetting to face his men. He was silhouetted against the flames. “Bring me their heads! The whole family’s…and anyone that might be helping them.” He breathed deep and wrinkled his nose just to emphasize how serious he was.
Suddenly, a large rhino-of-a-man named ‘Fat Tony’, rushed up to Gravy and whispered in his ear. Gravy’s eyes ticked-tocked inside their fleshy bowls, before he leaned back and gazed in surprise at the henchman’s nodding head and huge, bulbous, pitted nose. 
“Who told you this?” Gravy asked the gruesome biped. Fat Tony nodded his chunky skull again, and then turned, and pointed down the road. Gravy leaned to his right and began focusing his steely orbs down the road as well. He saw another of his henchmen, Two-Tone Johnny, running towards him. Upon the goon’s shoulders, Gravy recognized the ragged, wrinkled, and crumply figure that everyone called ‘Gnarly’. He was squealing like a hoarse goose and waving a half-empty jug of absinthe around his head. His unsightly dog dutifully followed a few steps behind. 
“Mister…Jingle-Jangle?” Gravy asked in a tone of disbelief. “Are you sure that’s what he said?”
“Yes, sir,” Fat Tony replied. “The old drunk said he had told Slack that same story, right before the dark lord of the Sith was murdered.”
Gravy glared back at the old piece of driftwood, and quickly noticed that Gnarly was way past the legal limit for gimpy, old, puckerers. The crusty geezer yelped out in a very high-pitched voice: “Mister Jingle-Jangle! Ya! Ya!” 
He held out his…well…gnarly hand, and let his fingers do the walking ― in the air, that is.

“Jingle, jangle, chingle, changle…
I heard he’s boots dinkle, dankle.
Twinkle, twankle, around he’s ankles,
First he mingles, then he mangles.”

Gnarly began chortling madly and even tried sticking his tongue up his nose.
Gravy turned and growled. He took a deep breath and slapped his meaty mittens together. He pointed to a greaser standing to the far left of the lineup. “Jocko, you and Fat Tony head for the Valdorlok Bridge…make sure they don’t get past.” 
The two nodded and sneered. 
“Rico’, ‘Two-Tone’ Johnny,” Gravy continued, “You two head to Carbuckle, make sure the Matters are not on their way there. By the time you arrive, ‘Moley-Face’, ‘Fingers’, ‘Barrel-Head’, and ‘Big Gut’ McGee…should’ve already finished their job on ‘Mister Shiny-Boots’, and his little friend, as well as that whole damn crew.” 
Rico drove his fist into his opened hand. “Yea,” he growled, which was pretty much the extent of his vocabulary.
Gravy glanced over at the elderly figure gyrating upon the shoulders and upper back of Two-Tone Johnny. “Looks like what the bartender told us was true,” Gravy said through his clenched teeth, “That riverboat captain did take those two downriver,” 
Gnarly then raised his bottle high in the air and sang out, “Jungle bells! He’s a jingling jabberwocky…by ding-ding…my chingling Jim!”
The crime-lord squinted at the inebriated bag of bones and grunted, “Gnarly here confirmed that… it seems…right before his mind left our galaxy.”
Two-Tone nodded his head in agreement. He then narrowed his eyes and crouched a little as Gnarly’s bottle passed right in front of his nose. “Our comrades got a good head start, sir. They should be waitin’ for ‘em at the docks,” he declared. He tilted to his left as the old drunk on his back lifted a leg upon his shoulder.  “Those cowardly river rats are as good as dead,” Two-Tone added, right before Gnarly’s shoe slapped him in the jaw. 
“Right.” Gravy replied. He cracked his knuckles, and barked to another duo of men, “Heaves’, you and ‘Crowbar’, head for Timbrook, just in case they went in that direction.”
“Timbrook?” whined Crowbar. Gravy reached over and smacked him in the side of the head.
“Just do it!” the big man screamed, “I want these people found! You got it? You all got that? No excuses!”
Before turning around he waved his hand across the air. “The rest of you, search every shop, house, hole, and sewage ditch for them!” He turned and looked upon the fire again, folding his hands behind his back.
“Now get going!” 
Every one ran away as fast as they could. When the dust finally cleared, Gravy was still standing in the middle of the street. At his feet were Gnarly and his shabby mutt. Both were lying sprawled out next to each other in the dirt. The dog snored loudly. Gnarly just mumbled in his sleep.
“Mister Bo Jingles…Jingling Joe…The Jangling Man…jingle, jingle…jingle all the way…”
Gravy grunted at the sight and turned to look again upon the fire. He pursed his lips and raised his chin high. Along with the sounds of burning and collapsing timbers, and the screams of frightened people running headlong into each other, Gravy heard Gnarly’s gruff, nasally voice, drifting through the smoky air, as the old sod softly, slowly, crooned: 

“…In the jingle-jangle morning…I’ll come followin’ you…”

*****

If one is venturing south from Fouldune, toward Valdorlok, along the main road, it is quite easy to miss the little trail to Hampston’s Mill. It is nothing more than two thin tracks made by various wagon wheels, with a slightly larger path in the middle, produced by the hoofs of horses. It disappears quite quickly into the thick undergrowth of the forest, but once past a dense line of trees, the landscape opens up into a vast meadow. Beyond the meadow, the forest reclaims the land and continues its dominance all the way down to the muddy banks of the Mea Culpa River. 
The mill itself is rather dilapidated, and has not been used much since its heyday. Ground meals are now shipped in from Valdorlok; though a few farmers in the area still come by on occasion, and put the old grindstone to good use, usually to grind down an old bunion, or to smooth one of their offspring’s bumpy heads.
Two dark horses were presently standing in front of the old mill. One had two riders ― a young child snuggled inside a large blanket and an older woman wearing a Mongol helmet. The other horse’s saddle was empty, its rider was up the trail a few feet and sitting on a log. She was just off to the side of an old river trail that ran along the banks of the Mea Culpa. 
She glanced back at the mill. The great wheel of the structure turned and squeaked loudly in the damp air, while water constantly splashed from its spokes. She stared at the dilapidated building. It was a black silhouette on a dark blue background.
Delores turned around and began to look above the thin trail and the trees. She witnessed a distant glow to the east, and wondered if the entire city of Fouldune would burn down on this night. She suddenly heard footsteps, and her eyes quickly darted from the sky to the trail. Squinting into the darkness, she immediately recognized her husband, coming towards her in his rather awkward running style.
“Harv.” She loudly whispered. The two met each other in the darkness and after a long, firm embrace and a kiss; they both scampered to the mill.
Their son sat in front of Delores’ mother on a horse. He was snoozing, his head leaning against his grandmother’s belly. Holleeday pulled a blanket over her shoulders and shivered in the darkness. “It’s getting cold,” she stated plainly.
“Stay bundled up.” Harv replied. He pulled a fold of the blanket over his son’s face and softly patted him on the cheek. He sighed, and gazed at his boy for several seconds before turning to help his wife upon her horse. 
“We’ll stay on the old river trail,” he whispered, “until we reach Tribble’s farm. Maybe in an hour or so.” He spoke quickly and firmly, acting as if he actually had a plan on getting everyone to safety. Delores patted him on his bruised head before leaning down and giving him another kiss.
They began a slow trot down the trail, with Harv walking beside the two horses. Every sound in the forest, or in the water, startled him, and he kept looking back down the road nervously.
“They won’t come down this road,” Delores peeked over at him and said, in an attempt to ease his mind. 
“I know…but still…” he replied, darting his eyes in the direction of a few rustling leaves in the forest. “They’ll ride straight down the main road to Valdorlok Bridge…and simply wait for us.”
“We have to cross that bridge. They know that,” Delores whispered to her husband, “Everyone knows it.”
“But, if we want to ever get out of here…and to safety…we have to make it across that bridge.”

*****

The henchman named Crowbar slumped in his saddle. “This place gives me the creeps.” He exhaled and ran his tongue over his teeth.
“Ya…” replied Heaves, sitting a bit more upright in the saddle, but no more enthused about the whole ordeal. They had been slowly trotting down the ‘road to nowhere’ for nearly an hour. It was pitch black, and the forest made all types of weird sounds. 
“Why’s we always gettin’ the crappy jobs? Why couldn’t we have gone to Carbuckle and have some real fun? Huh?” Crowbar asked, turning to look at Heaves for acknowledgement, but his colleague continued to gaze nervously into the forest on his right.
“Aye,” he finally replied.
“I means…why us? I’s been a good worker. I brings in more than my fair share. Don’t see what ol’ Gravy has against me.” He formed a large wad of spit in his mouth and spewed it at the trees. 
Heaves looked forward and saw more puddles of water and mud up ahead. “Entering the swamp, looks like.” He then gulped loudly.
“Ah…now things get really creepy. I hates this place. I swears I do.” Crowbar replied, with a look of disgust.
“You’s ever been there? To Timbrook?” Heaves asked.
“Not through the pass, went so far as those hog farms, enough for me tho’, that I can tell ya. Several years ago, me pop was throwing this dinner for me sister and her husband-to-be. A great wedding feast, he said he was going to have. A soirée, as he called it, and the likes of which no one was likely to soon forget.” Crowbar spit another gob into the forest.
“So’s he gets me and my bro’vers and we heads down this hell-hole of a road to pick up a couple of hogs, dirt cheap, that’s what me pop says, they is dirt cheap down there. So’s off we go. And the wagon kept getting’ stuck in the mud, cuz I’m tellin’ you, it’s nothin’ but swamp up here in a bit, and the road disappears for a piece.” Crowbar pointed ahead. “And’s if you ain’t too careful, you’ll get lost, and lose the road altogetha’ and then you’s is a goner.” 
Crowbar reached into his saddlebag and pulled out a jug of ale, took a great swig and passed it to Heaves, who did likewise. 
Heaves wiped his mouth on his sleeve and asked, “Maybe we should wait for daybreak. I don’t wanna get lost in this place.”
“Aye, maybe we’ll sit a spell or two in a bit.” After putting the jug away, he continued his story. “So’s anyways, we make it through the rough part and finally gets to this hog farm, a real horrible mess it was too. Broken ol’ roof, and the walls had tooth marks all over ‘em.” Crowbar laughed, “I swears to ya, there was a fence around the farm that was half gobbled up in places.”
“Must’a been some mean pigs,” Heaves laughingly replied.
“No, that’s the thing, see, it weren’t the pigs, it was the peoples that et that fence and put them teeth marks on the walls.”
“What? Go on!”
“ ‘Tis true as me sitting here tellin’s ya. Them peoples eat wood…and quite voracious at it, too.”
“No way.”
“I’m telling ya, you’ll see soon enough tho’, I s’pose. Just don’t say I didn’t warns ya.” Crowbar slowed his horse to a stop and pulled himself off of it. Heaves soon followed suit.
“So, me pops buys these hogs, right, and they ain’t bad lookin’…dirty as hell, but they be hogs, so what ya gonna do, right? So’s we load ‘em into the cart and one of ‘em takes off from us and bolts down the road. And I’s goes after it, and it disappears into this pass in the ridge and I’s running after this thing, and me pop is screaming like a madman at me. So’s I stops. And I look straight through this gap in the wall of rock…through it lies Timbrook, and there’s this fog comin’ out it, see? And that hog has disappeared into it. And then I see’s something…”
“What?”
“There’s…these dark figures…kind’a human-like but, covered in mud, and they is staggering towards me. And some of ‘em have gots these pieces of wood in their hands, and others are nibbling on twigs, and leaves, and they is falling down and getting back up, and they start coming out of the fog and…
“And what?”
“And…and…I don’t know,” Crowbar said abruptly. He was unlatching his saddle. “I turned and ran the whole way home.”
“Really?”
“Ya, I got there before me bro’vers and me pops, and they had a horse and a cart. They found me in the chicken coop, under a stack of straw. I was shivering and quivering. Scared so bad I messed meself.”
Heaves, who was tying his horse to a tree, scanned the road ahead with an apprehensive look in his eyes. “I don’t think I wanna go down there now.”
Crowbar laughed. “Ah, ain’t nothin’,” he said, securing his horse to a tree. “Me pop explained it all to me when he got back. Seems them townsfolks were all drunk as rabid skunks and staggerin’ about, after some kind of fairy or something gave ‘em a bunch of free cheese.” 
He laughed loudly and then took another large drink from the jug. Heaves laughed as well, but with a slightly more skeptical tone.
“So what about the big feast?” Heaves asked, trying to think of something else.
Crowbar took another huge mouthful of rum and said, “Pops had to cancel it after the groom ran off wit’ me mum.”
“Unfortunate, that.” Heaves replied.
“Yea…took the hogs, too.”




Chapter Seven: Sonuva Bast’itch


“Johann, your shift.” Sloop said, while tugging on the Timbrookian’s sleeve. The stout, dark-haired man rubbed his eyes, blinked rapidly, and slowly rose. His heavy eyebrows rippled a little as he shook off the lingering effects of the rum.
“Remember what we taught ya,” Sloop said, while walking back to the wheel. “Keep ‘er steady, watch for logs, and stay away from the shore.”
Johann sluggishly approached the wheel and firmly grasped the wooden handles. Sloop patted him on the back before walking a few paces to the rear of the boat where he began curling himself into a pile of blankets, “And don’t fall asleep,” he said, before covering his head.
The air was cool and crisp against Johann’s face. He batted his eyes and silently wished for a nice, warm, cup of tea. Looking ahead, he noticed that the water was almost like flawed glass ― as reflections of the moonlight slightly undulated upon its surface. The night’s white orb was glowing behind him, and lit the landscape on either side of the river.
Cap’n Kidneybean was lying to his left, face up, with his arms and legs splayed out as if he had gone to sleep while making ‘snow angels’ on the ship’s deck. One of the crew had been kind enough to throw a blanket over him, and he snored loudly and deeply. Propped up against the cargo was Ishmael, half leaning, and half sitting. Drool dribbled out of the corner of his mouth, and Johann noticed that every fifth snore ended in a snort. Oldsmobill was bundled up closer to the front of the boat with his bare feet braced against the cargo hold. The torch above him cast the entire prow in a yellowish-orange glow that grew brighter or dimmer with each flicker of the flame.
Johann stretched and yawned, and then tied the wheel off and walked over to the side and splashed his face with a handful of river water. After gingerly rubbing his eyes, he returned to his post.
‘Who would’ve thought that I’d wind up here…steering a boat down the Mea Culpa River?’ he thought to himself. He wasn’t tired anymore, but still wished for some tea. He looked all around — the passing shoreline, the ripples the boat made as it plowed through the water, and the expanding wake it left behind in its journey. ‘This is not such a bad life,’ he thought, ‘I could do this…I think.’
Standing tall behind the wheel, he took a deep breath. He started doing an imitation of a captain in charge of such a vessel, barking silent orders to his crew, pointing at things and saluting. He frowned and acted as if he’d pulled a cutlass from his waist and shook it menacingly in the air. He held his chin high, as if commanding a great galleon of the sea. ‘Captain O’Really, Lord of the High Seas.’ He thought, and giggled. He looked eastward and saw the first faint glow of the rising sun whispering across the horizon.

*****

Crowbar felt something nudge his foot. “Almost light.” A voice said. He opened his eyes and looked up at Heaves. 
“Alright,” He grumbled. He lifted his sore back and looked down at the road. Heaves was slowly walking his horse from the little clearing they found a few hours before to rest a little. Crowbar yawned, and finding his jug beside him, took a long swig. He untied his horse and began walking alongside his colleague.
Heaves was chewing a bit of dried venison and handed a strip to Crowbar, who thanked him. The road was nearly invisible, covered by mud and about a half inch of water. Both men got up on their horses and trotted through a wide opening in the trees, which was the best way to tell what was road and what was swamp.
“No looking back now.” Crowbar said as they splashed their way toward Timbrook. Heaves looked up at the sky and saw the darkness giving way to the rising of the sun.

*****

Harv slept near the door to the farmhouse. It was a small cottage that stood a few feet from the Tribble’s main residence. It was a guesthouse of sorts, but the Tribble’s didn’t have many sleepover guests, so they used it mainly to store jarred fruits and vegetables and jugs of homemade wine and ale. Harv and his family found the accommodations quite suitable, and were very thankful for the Tribble’s hospitality, especially since it was provided under such short notice.
He awoke with his hand on the hilt of his sword. Looking quickly about, he saw his wife and child sleeping under a layer of blankets on a small wooden bed. On a cot in the corner, slept his mother in law, her mouth wide open and making repeated ‘cheeping’ sounds. He stood up and cautiously walked outside the little cabin. Harv looked around the dewy panorama. A damp fog was lifting out of the forests and meadow. A rooster crowed nearby and birds filled the air with their morning songs. 
He remembered something that Master Bates had told him and Oldsmobill one morning while they were all eating breakfast near their places of work. The wizard had stated that the morning sounds of the birds wasn’t just a song, but was actually a kind of declaration: ‘Hello! I’m still here. Hello! Are you still there?’ And each bird ― happy to be alive and wondering if its neighbors had been so fortunate, in its turn, sings this proclamation and question, one to another, each and every morning. 
Harv smiled at this thought. He heard the birds’ sing and chirp and squawk and cheep. 
He then detected the faint smell of smoke in the air ― the aroma of burning wood that permeated every inch of the valley. Looking to the east, he saw the sun’s rays bursting through a line of clouds on the horizon, and for a few brief moments, he almost felt like singing himself.

*****

The morning light was casting a faint glow upon the majestic walls of Carbuckle Castle. A dark figure, still hidden in the shadows, crept down the street. Keeping close to the wall, the figure was dressed all in black, with a long cloak that billowed around the ankles. The hood covered all but a long, curly, beard. The sounds from a nearby stable made the figure stop and then scamper into an alleyway. 
In the darker shadows of the passage, the figure pulled back their hood to reveal the face of a beautiful woman. Her hair was tied into a tight little bun on the top of her head. Her features concealed beneath the scraggly hairs of a fake beard. She then methodically removed her black wardrobe to reveal a blue and white dress underneath ― a server’s uniform for those working within Carbuckle Castle’s thick walls ― an outfit she had bought from a local caterer that was now thirty pieces of silver richer.
For a second or two she looked like a carnival’s ‘bearded lady’ attraction, but she quickly removed the itchy disguise. After straightening the dress up a little and releasing her hair to flow down upon her shoulders, Rita Razgu packed the black shirt, and pants and boots inside a cloth knapsack. She then put her black cloak back on, and lifted the hood to keep her eyes in shadow. 
She turned and faced the alley’s left wall and hiked her skirt up. She adjusted the dagger that was strapped to one of her thighs. She turned again, straightened her clothes a little more, pulled a few strands of hair away from her face, loudly exhaled, flipped the knapsack over her shoulder, and started to pace out of the alley and down the road. She bowed her head slightly as she passed through the gates of Carbuckle Castle.
A sentry stationed atop the gate looked down and waved. She returned the gesture and continued into the courtyard. A ray of the morning sun’s light broke above the walls and illuminated her moving form in a glow of gold and white.

*****

They were like a rolling thunder as they stormed down the road to Carbuckle. Each great stallion was expertly fitted with the finest armor and saddles that money could buy. Each carried a member of the elite company known as the Cornswallow Royal Guard. Every rider outfitted in finely crafted blackened armor, with crimson tunics covering their metal mid sections. They each wore open-faced, black helmets which came to a smoothed point at the top. The soldiers in the front of the force carried long pikes, which were adorned with crimson banners emblazoned with the golden seal of the House of Cornswallow. They waved mightily in the wind. Those at the very rear carried the same, but those in the middle only carried shields and swords. 
Vespius was one of those in the middle, though he was difficult to spot, for they were all dressed the same. The only difference was that he didn’t carry a shield and had a large black cloak wrapped around his neck and shoulders. This was his battle gear, and his goal was not to stand out from his men, but to be one of them. He had another set of armor, a ceremonial set, finely trimmed in gold engravings, but he never wore it much outside of certain important ceremonies. His soldiers all knew which one he was, and that’s all that really mattered.
They reached Carbuckle quickly, and stayed only long enough for the horses to get some water, and for Vespius to make arrangements at the royal residence, an annex of the main hall, inside the Carbuckle castle complex.
Once the arrangements were made, the troop began their southern course down the road to Fouldune. Their thunderous hoofs made good speed across the countryside. 
Vespius looked over his shoulder as Carbuckle castle disappeared into the horizon. Its stately towers could be seen for miles. The sun was breaking across those towers, and Vespius squinted within its brightness. He turned and saw the rows of men in front of him, and heard the thunderous hoofs as they bore down upon the western part of his kingdom. They rode on across the countryside like a mighty tempest that had come with the dawn.

*****

Olds was standing near the front of the boat and gnawing on an apple. Occasionally, he’d stick a water-pole into the river, but it was a haphazard effort. The current was strong and the water was covered with little eddies of foam and bits of debris. Sitting on the deck near him was Sloop and Ishmael. Both men were busy manufacturing little flour patties, that they would then place on a flat pan and hold over the fire of the lowered torch. Johann was still at the wheel and eating one of their cakes ― he absolutely hated it. Each bite made his face curl up with distaste. ‘Might as well just stick your tongue into a bag of dry flour,’ he thought. But, he was hungry, so he kept eating it and would probably even ask for another.
Cap’n Kidneybean was still sprawled out on the deck; he hadn’t moved a muscle, except for those responsible for producing loud, guttural snores.
After eating a couple of the cakes, Olds finished his apple and tossed the core into the river. He was watching it float away when he turned and saw something up ahead. As the vessel edged closer and closer, he could make out that it was a young boy, sitting on a large tree trunk that stretched out over the river a few yards. Olds squinted. The boy was barefoot and wearing only a pair of overalls, which seemed to be frayed just below the knees. On his head was a large, round-brimmed, straw hat, and he was chewing on a long-stemmed blade of grass.
“Hullo!” The boy cried, and waved his arms about.
Oldsmobill waved back feebly. “Hullo,” he loudly replied. Sloop and Ishmael gradually rose to their feet and began staring at the boy as well. Johann peeked out from the wheelhouse to see what was going on.
“Where ya headin’?” The boy asked in a cheerful voice.
“Carbuckle,” Oldsmobill replied, before waving again. Johann signaled too, and then heard the captain stirring.
“Aargh!” he growled, smacking his lips, “What’s all the riff-raff?”
“There’s a boy on the shore…over there.” Johann said, and pointed.
“Aargh! What?” The captain suddenly rose to his feet, but wavered, clutching his head for a second, and wincing. He whispered a curse to Hung-Over, the pagan god of the morning-after headache, before beginning to limp across the deck.
“Hey, there,” the boy cried, “what’cha carryin’ to Carbuckle?”
Olds was about to answer when the captain hollered, “Aargh! Just cow manure and rotten potatoes for the city’s recyclin’ center, that’s all, me little prince!” 
Everyone looked at the captain like they often did during the course of each day — as if he were a few planks shy of a full deck. The boy stood up and stuck his thumbs under his overall straps. He began to roll back and forth on his heels upon the large tree trunk. Only a few yards away from the boat, his voice was at an almost normal level, when he asked: “So…you got anything on there worth stealin’?”
Everyone’s eyes widened a few clicks, even Sloop’s and Ishmael’s. The Cap’n quickly replied, “Aargh! Not so much as a scrap of bread or a decent po’cake ‘tween us. Aargh, nothin’ of value on this ‘ere steamer, that I can assure you, my fine young champion! Aargh! Nothin’ whatsoev’ah!” He then threw a key as covertly as possible to Sloop, and out of the corner of his mouth whispered, “Aargh, open the weapon chest and be’s ready for a tangle or two.”
“Okay,” the boy replied, as cheerful as ever, “Well, good luck to ya’s.” And with that he immediately bolted up through the forest. A few seconds later, Oldsmobill heard what sounded like the boy yelling deep within the woods. After that, everything was silent. 
The Cap’n cocked his one eye toward the bank and cupped a hand around his ear. Olds stared intently too, as did everyone else on the boat. Sloop and Ishmael crouched near the weapon chest with their hands nervously holding it slightly open.
A minute or so passed and nobody moved a muscle. Olds looked up river a few yards, his gaze drawn there by a rustling sound in the woods. The Captain looked that way as well. As the boat neared the area, the rustling grew more and more intense. Shrubs and small trees whipped about, as a chorus of screams grew louder and louder. About forty or so men suddenly plowed out of the forest and quickly plunged into the water, with many more running down the sides of the bank. Some held swords and spears; others held daggers in their teeth. All were screaming it seemed, with a bloodthirsty look in their eyes, and they were all looking intensely at the boat. The water churned around them as they began to swim toward the shocked crew.
“Aargh! Jesus Palomino!” The captain screamed, limping as fast as he could toward the rear of the vessel, “Aargh! Grab a weapon boys, we is being waylaid and ambushed-whacked!” He ran to the wheel and pushed Johann towards the weapon’s chest. “Aargh! Full steam ahead! Aargh! Grab a weapon, and yer balls, and pass the ammunition, me crewbies, don’t shoot ‘til ya see the whites of their dental anomalies!”
Oldsmobill quickly opened the hatch and ran down to the sleeping quarters to retrieve his weapons. Sloop ran toward the front of the boat and started swinging a long-handled boathook around. Ishmael, meanwhile, grabbed a short, rusty sword, and stood near the back of the boat and nervously vibrated. 
Johann, who spent the first few seconds just pivoting around and looking about wildly, yelled out: “Release the devils!” He drove his index finger into the air and starting dashing toward the crate holding the vicious beasts, but the captain reached out and abruptly grabbed his shoulder.
“Aargh! Don’t do it lad, they’ll eat us all to bits! Aargh! They got no friends and have no sense of allegiances!” The Cap’n cried out. 
Johann nodded and grabbed the first thing that he could find — one of the river-poles. He swiftly turned to the front of the boat and inadvertently cracked one of the outlaws, who had just managed to pull himself out of the water, right in the head, sending him flailing back into the drink. Johann, somewhat puzzled by the strange vibration, turned back around to see what he had hit, and unintentionally, took out two more. He swiftly swayed back around, accidentally cracked another outlaw in the head, before shrugging his shoulders, and running toward the front of the boat — totally oblivious to the carnage he had wrought. The pole he was carrying was perpendicular to his body, and slightly angled downward toward the river — an accidental occurrence due to Johann having not grabbed the center of the pole — but while he ran, he knocked several bandits bobbing beside the boat right on the sides of their skulls, leaving them too dazed to fight.
“Aargh! Up ahead, it’s treachery of the lowest sort!” The captain yelled, pointing toward the front of the boat. Just up river, a large rope now lifted out of the water, tied to a tree on the other side, and pulled tightly by several bandits on the shore. They subsequently wrapped the rope around a tree and joined the confusion. Meanwhile, a few other outlaws hit the water from the left side of the river. 
Sloop was busy at the front of the boat — swinging the boathook and keeping several of the outlaws from getting a firm grip upon the sides of the vessel. One hooligan, however, suddenly grabbed Sloop’s ankle and the crusty sailor fell to the deck, just as Johann was arriving upon the scene. The Timbrookian took a large step and lifted the river-pole over his head, but immediately tripped over a stray rope and fell forward. The pole in his hands came down with a mighty ‘thud’ on top of the outlaw’s head and he immediately released his hold upon Sloop’s ankle.
Ishmael now vibrated near the wheelhouse while squealing as if someone was viciously tugging upon his pigtails — although no one actually was — for he didn’t have any pigtails to tug on anyway. He did however, bring his foot down upon many of the thieves’ hands as they grabbed onto the side of the boat, and loudly shrieked each time he did so. 
At that moment, a particularly mean-looking cutthroat made it on board from the other side of the river. He had a large axe and immediately brought it down right next to Sloop, who only escaped the blow because another criminal in the water had grabbed his boathook and pulled him towards the side. Johann looked up and rapidly started to scoot backwards, jabbing a bandit right in the eye with the back end of his pole. The large axe-wielding felon pulled his weapon back up and started toward Johann with a menacing look upon his face, when Oldsmobill suddenly opened the hatch door ― which caused the villain to fall face-first into the stack of marble slabs ― he collapsed in a clump right in front of Johann, who immediately turned to his left and took out two more bandits that had risen out of the water upon his right.
Oldsmobill hopped out of the hole and brought his sword down upon a bandit’s shoulder. He then kicked two more soggy desperados flush in their faces with the bottom of his bare foot.
Meanwhile, Sloop was struggling with two outlaws that had a firm grip on his boathook ― when a thought suddenly entered his mind — he stood up straight and simply let go of the pole. The two men fell away from the boat and into the tumultuous water of the river. 
Oldsmobill looked back and saw an amazing amount of splashing in the water and along the sides of the vessel. It seemed that men’s hands were everywhere, trying to grab hold of the sides. A little further back were a few bobbing heads and other men trying to catch back up to the craft.
“Aargh! Oldsmobuick, cut that line or our keesters are custard, fo’ sho!” The Cap’n barked, and Olds looked ahead and saw the rope within a few feet of the prow of the boat. He kicked a man’s arm away and held tight to the torch pole.
Ishmael continued to dance in a circle, clutching the sword like it was a newborn pup, repeatedly stomping any hands that grabbed the side of the boat and, of course, squealing. This peculiar fighting approach would many years later become legendary and lead to a popular form of dancing called ‘clogging.’ 
Johann stood up and raised his river-pole high, taking out an outlaw that was sneaking up from behind, and after that, he started bringing the pole down upon the heads of several outlaws still bobbing in the water — a fortunate remnant of his old fishing techniques. It sounded like he was playing a cocoanut xylophone, as each skull produced a different tone when blasted with the pole. One crafty outlaw grabbed the end of the instrument when it hit the water. Johann tugged hard on it, but the outlaw released his grip and it accidentally hit a bandit behind Johann, right in the groin. The sneaky criminal bent over in agonizing pain before slowly crumbling into the water. Johann looked back, and not seeing anything, turned and hastily resumed his watery symphony. 
Oldsmobill was still at the front of the Key Largo. He leaned over the bow and lifted his sword to cut the rope, which was now pressed up against the front of the vessel. That’s when a big-nosed outlaw suddenly rose out of the water and grabbed his arm, pulling Olds towards him. At the last second, the spirited knight pushed off with his feet and caught the rope with inside of his elbow. His body whipped around and splashed hard into the river as his hand tightly grasped the rope. The momentum of his fall pushed the bandit under and he disappeared beneath the prow. 
“Olds!” Johann cried out, thinking his friend had gone under. He ran toward the front while Sloop crawled in that direction as well.
“Aargh! I’ve lost a midshipman!” The captain hollered. He pulled a great, shimmering cutlass from behind the wheel, and started toward the front, when an arrow barely missed his head and landed in a wooden support beam next to him. He looked at the arrow and screamed toward the riverbank, “Aargh! Arrows is it? Aargh! Now that’s just not gentlemanly!” 
Johann got to the front and saw Olds with his arms draped around the rope, his bottom half under the surface of the river. He spit out a mouthful of water and said, “I lost my sword, get another, quick!” It was lucky for Sloop that he had kneeled down while assisting Olds, for Johann turned around swiftly ― as did the pole he was holding — and it skimmed just above Sloop’s head and caught a bandit sneaking up from behind the cargo. The end of the weapon connected the vigilante right in the rib cage and pushed him off the boat. Johann hurriedly ran toward the rear of the craft and grabbed the sword that Ishmael was clutching. After a brief struggle to get it out the squealing man’s hands, he next ran forward again, while Ishmael screamed even louder and began dancing, and stomping hands, in addition to the tops of a few heads, with even faster rapidity.
“Aargh! That buck-toothed boy is a dancin’ fool, he is!” The Cap’n cried out.
Two more arrows hit the deck right behind Johann as he ran forward, but he didn’t notice them. The Cap’n made his way forward as well, kicking a few off the side and kneeing one outlaw in the head. He looked around and saw that there were only a few adversaries still bobbing near the boat, but looking back, he realized that the entire horde was bearing down on them from behind. Each thief swam as fast as they could and bore a resemblance to spawning salmon. “Aargh!” He yelled toward the front, “Cut that line or we’ll be shark bait fer sure!”
At that moment, an arrow took out his pigeon. 
“Aargh! Now yer jus’ pissin’ me off!” he screamed while waving his cutlass towards the shore.
Sloop helped Olds get a firm hold of the boat as Johann knelt down and started cutting. “Damn rusty blade!” he yelled. 
Ishmael pointed to the stern, and seeing that several of the bandits were within a few feet of the boat, squealed a strident call for help. He began throwing empty rum casks at the foes, with little effectiveness.
Olds climbed aboard, just as the rope suddenly snapped across the water. Johann fell back as the craft lurched forward. The Cap’n did as well, and fell behind the stack of cargo. 
“Aargh! Shiver me timbers!” he cried out, “Aargh! We’s hit an iceberg in the midst of this ‘ere calamity!”  
Olds looked up and saw Ishmael squealing, as two sets of arms pulled themselves onto the boat next to him. Olds pointed his sword at them and cried out, “Ishmael! Look out!” 
Johann rapidly jumped into action — he grabbed his pole and ran at the two men that were now nearly standing on the deck. Ishmael hit one with a bag of mixed nuts, and after a pronounced squawk, fearfully ran to the other side of the wheelhouse. Johann saw the other roustabout pull a long sword from off his back and widen his stance. The plucky, pole-wielding Timbrookian screamed and whipped the staff around, but at that moment, his foot stumbled upon the captain’s peg-leg — which was just sticking out from the back of the cargo. Johann fell and lost his grip on the pole, which continued to rotate in the air. After a couple of rotations, it whacked one criminal ― who was busy getting bits of peanut shells out of his eyes ― squarely in the head. The pole then ricocheted all the way around with the force of that blow, to catch the other bandit square in the nose. They both fell over the rail and into the water below.
The Cap’n jumped up and took the wheel, making only a slight course correction as a few arrows hit the stern of the boat. Johann stood up and saw a myriad of heads floating in the water behind, but falling further and further away. Olds and Sloop, after taking a couple of poles and quickly pushing them into the water to build up a little speed, soon joined the rest of the crew near the back of the vessel. Ishmael whimpered, and tightly clutched a dirty blanket to his chest. 
They soon all broke out in a relieved bout of laughter. Looking back, they set their eyes on all of the bobbing heads and arms in the water. They also promptly returned any obscene gestures made their way.
Cap’n Kidneybean looked back and laughed heartily in between sighs. He limped over and proudly patted Johann on the shoulder. “Aargh! I’s never seens a river-pole wielded so ‘fectively in all my life, me boy! Aargh! It was like a sight out of one o’ them vaudevillian-type productions!”
Johann smiled shyly. Olds patted him on the back as well, and said, “That’s my friend, Jo-hann the pole-man!”
“Aargh! He’s either the greatest fighter that ever did live,” the Cap’n replied, while rubbing his beard, “or one of them thar ‘Three Stooges’ fellers…I can’t tell which it be.”

*****

“Hullo?” Crowbar yelled out. He drew his sword and approached the ramshackle building. A couple of pigs were wandering around the place, and as he neared the structure, he noticed one hog was inside, sleeping on a bedroll. There was no front door, and not much of a front wall either for that matter. Most of the building was comprised of dried leaves, old bones and faded newspapers. A few pieces of wood still stood at each corner, and seemed to support what was left of the rickety old structure. 
Heaves sat upon his horse and looked about with nervous suspicion. “See anything?” he asked.
“Nothin’ worth saying aloud,” Crowbar replied. He spat near one of the pigs outside and made it snort and skip a couple of small steps. Slowly moving inside, he was met with a horrible stench. The floor was comprised of dirt and straw. A small, half-eaten wooden table sat next to the door, while in the other corner was the ratty bedroll. The pig lying upon it loudly snored. 
On the wall was a primitive painting of what appeared to be two hogs in the act of mating, under it was scratched: “Makin’ Bacon”. 
In another corner was a collection of empty rubbing-alcohol bottles, and several fly strips that appeared to have been licked clean. 
Out the back was a small fire pit, which was surrounded by dried bones, twisty ties, and plastic coat hangers. Beyond the pit was a few more hogs milling about and wallowing in a mud hole.
“Well?” Heaves asked upon Crowbar’s return.
“Don’t ask,” he replied. He got up on his horse and trotted away from the hog farm.
“So, I guess we gotta go into Timbrook?” 
Crowbar brought his horse to a stop in front of the entrance. He looked up and saw the huge rock wall rising above him. The sun beamed down upon its black stone. Looking toward the pass, he saw a light fog leisurely roll out of the darkness. A few spindly, bark-less trees grew along the edges. 
“Maybe, we should wait until the rest of this fog lifts,” Heaves pleaded.
“Ya,” Crowbar replied, “if it ever does lift.”
Heaves thought of just going home, right there and then. “You really think that those people we’re looking for, would actually go in there?” 
“Nope.”
They just sat there in silence, staring at the entrance. Then, Crowbar gave his horse a slight kick and he began to enter the fog. Heaves hesitantly followed.
Their horse’s hoof-steps echoed off the walls inside the stone passageway. A curling mist wrapped around their legs. They snorted loudly. Crowbar kept a steady gaze ahead, while Heaves looked in every direction his neck could physically accomplish.

Meanwhile, inside the town’s pub, Farley pulled himself up off the floor and leaned upon the bar. His eyes were terribly bloodshot, and a small white crust was embedded in the corners of his mouth. For some reason his tongue wouldn’t go back into his mouth, obviously believing the morning air was a much safer environment. 
He blinked several times and noticed a small, brown tick sucking upon his forearm. He stared long and hard at the little parasite, until, suddenly, he heard a sound coming from the pass. His head perked up and his ears started to wiggled. 
He took a deep breath and slowly blew a gust of alcohol-drenched air over the tick ― which immediately flipped over dead. He then kicked Joe, who was sleeping in a chair, upside down.
“Huh?” Joe awoke, mumbling.
“Youth hearah thath?” Farley asked, his eyes gazing up the holey ceiling of the pub. His tongue was dangling down to his chin.
Joe slowly rose his head off the floor and listened as well. He heard the faint echoes of ‘clop, clop, clop, clop.’ It was an unmistakable sound. Farley looked over at his friend and smiled as much as possible. 
“Hearah ith?” he smirked.
“Yep,” Joe replied, “sounds like…breakfast.”

Crowbar saw the town slowly open up before his eyes. A tall, tooth-marked oak tree stood to the right. Next to that was a shack, next to that another, and one more, all appeared to him to have been made out chicken bones and old socks. Beyond that were several mounds of earth, or mud, or leaves scattered in haphazard piles around a hill. Small streams of smoke lifted from a few of the ditches. There weren’t any trees other than the single oak. No bushes. No flowers.  
“It’s just a big bowl of mud,” Heaves whispered, horrified. 
They prodded their horses forward a little more, as the sun began to come up over the ridge and shed some much needed light upon the barren landscape. Several lumps of cloth and mud were scattered around on the ground, and may have been sleeping human beings, or perhaps large heaps of dung left by a passing giant. Both riders heard a commotion to the right, and then, as if on cue, Mayor Gristlepuss bounded through his door, wearing his big, block-enhanced shoes.
“Good morning, good morning! Welcome to Timbrook…gateway to the southwest!” He smiled gleefully while waving his arms in the air. Crowbar looked the mayor over with steely, apprehensive eyes. Meanwhile, Heaves nervously looked around and saw that some of the mounds of dung on the ground were beginning to move a little. 
“Oh, me! Where are my mannerisms?” the mayor chuckled, “I am Mayor Olfin Gristlepuss, Esquire, Mayor of this fine town and president of the Historical Restoration Committee, and director of the Timbrook Center for Fine Arts and Colonoscopy Research.” He bowed and clapped a meager little clap.
Crowbar slightly lifted the corner of his mouth. “We’re lookin’ for a couple of fugitives,” he dryly said. “Anybody been by here lately?”
The mayor smiled broadly, “Oh! We are a tourist Mecca, as it were, or was, or will be, maybe, and we have many visitors here…why just yesterday a circus came here and sold out in a matter of thirty or so time-like increments…”
The mayor continued, and Crowbar began to realize that they were starting to draw a crowd. Heaves stirred upon his horse, as several beings that only vaguely looked human, came towards them.
Joe and Farley, with large smiles on their colic faces, crept forward as well, and gazed upon the two horses. Farley kept trying to stick his tongue back in his mouth, but the crusty muscle was as compliant as an angry convict being forced into a gas chamber.
“…Yes, and next week is the Spring Fashion Festival, sure to draw a big crowd of uppity coal miners…”
“Has you seen a man, a woman, and a child, lately? Crowbar interrupted.
“Yes! Yes!” The mayor replied. Both horsemen stared down at the ovular man.
“I know exactly what a man and a woman look like, and I’m fairly sure I can spot a child as well.” The mayor quickly looked about the gathering crowd of townspeople, “There’s a man…there’s a woman, and oh, yes, there’s a child, see?” The mayor clapped giddily, “Now, you three, come here so that this nice stranger can see that I am right.” The mayor frowned and clapped again. “Come, come. Don’t keep the man waiting.”
Crowbar quickly pulled out his sword and pointed it at the mayor. A gasp went up through the crowd. The rider’s eyes thinned as his face wrinkled into an angry scowl. He yelled, “Has you or has you not seen anybody come through here?”
The mayor stepped back, placed his hands over his heart, and stuck his chin high into the air. “Rapscallion! How dare you pull an implement on me! I’m the mayor, and…”
Crowbar took a swing at him but the mayor fell back off his blocks and into the mud, escaping injury. Heaves gripped his sword as well, but before he could withdraw it from its scabbard, a gang of the townspeople suddenly assaulted him. Crowbar turned just in time to catch a glob of dirt to the eye. Lifting his sword, he felt dozens of grubby hands envelop him and begin pulling him off his horse.
“I’ll kills you all!” he cried out, as the sword was pried from his hands and left lying harmless underneath their damp feet. Soon, Crowbar was on his back in the mud and staring up at a large huddle of despicable faces and dirty hands. They laughed giddily and most of those that were not holding him down were actually tickling his ribs. “Whoa! Stop that!” Crowbar cried out; as he felt his boots slowly slide off his feet.
Meanwhile, Heaves was in much the same circumstance, but the mob around him had worked a bit quicker. He was already stripped of his clothes and was presently being carried up the little hill behind the three shacks made of socks and chicken bones. He heard a strange squeaking noise come rolling towards him, and through the multitude of feet, and splashes of mud and leaves, he saw what appeared to be a large catapult.
It was the only wooden structure still left in the town, but even it had plenty of teeth marks upon it, as well as several gouges, as if someone had taken a few mouthfuls in a more dreary, or perhaps, happier time. Heaves looked upon the weather-beaten construct and could have sworn at that point that the people began chanting, but as the assembled voices began to slowly come together, he realized that it was some kind of song, one that he had never heard before. 
It was actually an ancient hymn, often sung by Assyrian priests during great festivals to their god Ashur, and by coincidence or not, sang by Aztecs during blood sacrifices at their immense temples. 
It was also sung by Druid priests in Europe, during their Winter Solstice celebration.  No matter what the weather or social norms, they would gather together and hold hands around such structures as Stonehenge and Carnac. Proudly, they would sing the old song. Although the words have changed over time, the tune is still sung ever year around Christmas, and has gained some popularity in the modern world after being featured in an animated television special, namely: ‘Dr. Seuss’: The Grinch Who Stole Christmas.’
The townspeople loaded Heaves’ curled-up body ― tightly bound with gnarled vines and masking tape ― and deposited him into the large spoon of the catapult, while another group brought Crowbar’s screaming body up the hill. He was particularly mad and screeched every obscenity that he knew, and even a few that he made up on the spot.
The people carrying him though, were busy singing their favorite song.

“Wahoo Vo-ray, Wahoo Vo-ray…”

Meanwhile, the two horses, their eyes as big around as slow-pitch softballs, kicked and neighed and snorted. Both were being held by a gruesome bunch of hunchbacks that kept staring up at the beasts with a disturbing look of delight in their eyes. Heaves’ horse, somehow sensing its possible fate, reared and kicked a few of his captors, before immediately bolting for the entrance of the town, kicking and neighing the whole way. It disappeared through the lifting fog and escaped down the road.
The other horse, however, would not be so fortunate.

“Wahoo Vo-ray, Wahoo Vo-ray…”

Heaves heard the handle being pulled and the gear being released, and in a flash, he was flying. He screamed at the top of his lungs and disappeared over the ridge. 

“Wahoo Vo-ray, Wahoo Vo-ray…”

Then, it was Crowbar’s turn. He was loaded into the catapult after being bound into a nice spherical shape. Several of the townspeople were busy writing down many of the curses that emanated from his mouth, for they had never heard such things, and Timbrookians are known for their extensive obscenity vocabulary. They would later use some of Crowbar’s additions to their cursed-word lexicon at cockfighting expeditions and marriage ceremonies. One particular phrase, ‘Sonuva Bast’itch!’ would go on to be featured at future child christenings, and shouted by everyone attending, as the newborn babe was sprinkled with motor oil.

“Wahoo Vo-ray, Wahoo Vo-ray…”

A group pulled the container down, while others turned the mighty wheel. Crowbar’s body jerked in the large spoon. The teeth of the wooden gear clicked across the latch as it went down. It finally locked into place and the people cheered. Crowbar continuing screaming every vile word and depraved description of human body parts that he could think of. The villagers continued to sing:

“Wahoo Vo-ray, Wahoo Vo-ray…”

The handle was pulled, the latch opened, and all the energy pent up within the ragged ropes was released. The spoon of the catapult arced across, and Crowbar was sent skyward. He spun around quite a bit, for he was bound into a tight little ball. He saw the town from a view very few people at that time ever got a chance to see, and then the sky, and then the sun rotated around him, then the mountain came into view, and then another view of the town.
Next, he saw the top of the town, and then the sky again and then, just over the rocky ridge, the oncoming swamp. He was still screaming curses as he revolved in the air. When he ran out of breath, he paused only briefly, took another deep inhale, and continued the slanderous noise. He wished that he could wave his arms and kick his feet, but he was bound too tightly, so he robustly wiggled his fingers and toes. The swamp came closer and closer, and then he saw the sky slowly coming into view, then back to the swamp.
Then he hit.
He was suddenly bathed in cold, smelly water and soft mud. He bounced up and flipped around and hit a huge puddle ― somewhat face-first ― but his knees deflected much of the mud away from his eyes. He spun around again and started rolling in the mud. He went another forty or fifty feet before being embedded in a patch of deep, black ooze.
He took a huge breath. His eyes darted about like horny sparrows in springtime. His eyebrows lifted slightly as his mind tried desperately to comprehend what had just happened. Unable to accomplish such a task, his brain blew a few couplers and began rolling down the track like a runaway train looking for an engineer. Suddenly, he started laughing. It was a maniacal, insane laugh, and it echoed throughout the swamp. 
He was in a small, sunlit clearing, surrounded by short grasses and huge puddles of mud, bound up into a fetal ball, wrapped by numerous strips of vines, old VHS tape, and even a few pairs of frayed suspenders. He was laughing his head off.

Most people would come to believe that Heaves had been killed by the experience; for he was never heard from again, but the truth is that he survived the ordeal as well. He landed in a soft, tuft of swamp grass, and continued rolling for several yards before being slowed by the sloping walls of a beaver lodge. 
After gnawing away at his bonds, he covered his naked body with mud and moss and roamed the swamp for many years thereafter, living off the creatures that he caught and occasionally scavenging garbage cans at a local rest stop off the main road into Fouldune. He was spotted several times by local travelers and outlaws on the lam. Eyewitnesses reported seeing a wild swamp-like creature ― covered in mud, Spanish moss, leaves and bramble ― with wild hair and a long beard. None of the local authorities truly believed the accounts, but nevertheless, several expeditions went through the area looking for the wild creature. Numerous plaster casts were taken of his huge foot prints, which were indeed enormous, but were not actually due to his foot size, which was an about-average 9 ½, but were, in reality, caused by the way the mud squished away from his foot each time he took a step, which made it appear that he had a size 26 ¼. 
Thus, the legend of the “Fouldune Bigfoot” was born and became a popular tourist attraction in the years to come, generating many curio shops, low budget films, and televised documentaries.
Crowbar, on the other hand, did eventually escape his bonds, and not having totally lost his mind, would eventually make it back to civilization. He was presently, however, in a tight fix, and over the next few hours would slowly loosen or gnaw through the bonds that constrained him. As he lay there in the mud, he wiggled and undulated like a caterpillar in a cocoon, but upon release, he would by no means ever be mistaken for a butterfly, or even a big, hairy moth for that matter. 
As he continued this effort, he heard a melody emanating from behind the ridge he had just sailed over. The little song drifted across the swamp like a deranged nursery rhyme. 
What he could not see, was that the assembled villagers of Timbrook had gathered around his prized horse. They had all joined hands and were swaying back and forth, with great picket-fence-smiles upon their grubby little faces, and a gleam in their caramelized little eyeballs:

“Wahoo Vo-ray, Wahoo Vo-ray,
Bristle, thistle, time to cheer!
Wahoo Vo-ray, Wahoo Vo-ray,
Fickle pickle, lunch is here!”


*****

Kasper Kunningham heard the distant thunder. As it grew in intensity, it sounded like a hundred or so drums. He had been, like so many of the residents of Fouldune, standing in the street surveying the damage caused by the fire the night before. He turned and saw a cloud of dust rising above the tree line beyond the houses and shops. This was a light-tan cloud, not like the gray smoke that had engulfed the valley all night, and was only now being dispersed by a low western wind. Everyone else in the street turned toward the sound as well.
When the unit reached the middle of the city, they slowed to a trot. The soldiers were all dressed in black and looked quite sinister and powerful. They assembled in front of the Fouldune Town Center: a simple one-story building that had a stone jail cell next to it.
Vespius soon made his way to the front of the corps, and after a slight pause, continued on down the street toward the area of the fire. Several horsemen quickly rode ahead. He stopped across from the charred devastation and looked upon the damage with a keen eye and an intense expression. Before him stood several piles of black, smoldering rubble, six such piles in all, with several sooty people digging through the wreckage. In front of what used to be the “Hoof and Mouth” pub was the charred remains of a porch ― just the floor boards and railing really ― the roof was gone and the beams that had been used to support it were cut short, and ended in blackened nubs. An old blind man sat on a crate and was busy petting the matted hair on an ugly mutt of a dog. 
Vespius surveyed the area and spoke to one of the onlookers standing nearby. “Citizen,” he asked in a dry voice, “what happened here?”
Kasper looked around and then told him only what he felt safe in telling. “That building over there caught fire last night, and eventually spread to these others,” he replied while pointing, “finally died down early this mornin’.”
Vespius nodded his head. After a few more moments, he turned his horse and headed back toward the town center. His fellow horsemen were gathered in a crescent position. Standing in the middle of the street was General Reaver. Next to him was Vespius’ assistant, Secretary Narlog ― holding several papers in his hands, and looking as diabolical as ever. Next to him were Mayor Burgomaster and Sheriff Brown. Vespius slowly got down off his horse, and with the assistance of two guards, removed his cloak, revealing two large epaulets of gold upon his shoulders. He handed his gloves to his assistants as well, and adjusted his posture slightly before slowly walking over to the quartet.
Secretary Narlog bowed his head slightly and leaned in to whisper into Vespius’ ear. The crown prince began to look intensely at the mayor and sheriff. He nodded, and held out his right hand toward a guard holding the reins of his horse. 
“Mayor,” Vespius calmly spoke. The mayor deeply bowed and would have surely kissed the crown prince’s ring, but it was not offered. Vespius smiled. “Congratulations, you have been promoted.”
The mayor, a bit befuddled, smiled, and continued to do so, even after Vespius handed the reins of his horse to him.
“You are now in charge of my horse,” the prince declared, “See to it that he is fed, given water, and thoroughly cleaned and groomed…make sure the saddle and straps and reins are all nicely polished as well.” He looked away as the mayor nodded with bewilderment. “I will be leaving here in one hour, I expect my horse to be here and ready to ride. Do you understand?” he asked, as he turned back toward the mayor with a sly smile.
“I expect him to look as magnificent as any horse that has ever walked upon the face of the earth.” Vespius leaned toward the mayor and gave him a look that sent chills through his whole rotund body. “Because, if he’s not here, or if he doesn’t look absolutely radiant, I will tie your gruesome carcass to him, and drag you all the way back to Rottweillor.”
Vespius smiled. A group of ravens on a nearby roof were so startled by the sight that they immediately flew for the hills. 
“Do you understand?” he hissed.
“Y-yes, m’lord, my prince, sir,” The mayor stammered, slowly crouching and walking backwards with reins in hand.
“Good, I shall send two of my guards with you, to oversee your work and to make sure that nothing is…” he paused, looking up at the sky, “…misplaced.”
He coolly watched the mayor as he proceeded to a nearby livery stable, followed by two grim figures on horseback. Vespius quickly turned to the sheriff, who was already shaking, and sweating profusely.
“Sheriff Brown, would you please open the door to that cell,” he said, and pointed to the structure next to the town center building. It was just a stone-block square, with a grated door, a large barred window in the front, and two filthy-looking stockbrokers sleeping on the floor. As soon as the door was opened, Vespius waved his hand, as if inviting a dinner guest into his humble abode. 
Sheriff Brown looked around quite puzzled, while a guard standing next to him snatched the keys out of his trembling hands. The crown prince lifted one side of his mouth in a vague smile. He nodded to the guard, who immediately brought his forearm across the Sheriff’s head, knocking him into the cell, and onto the floor. The guard then locked the door and walked the keys over to Secretary Narlog. 
The group of Guardsmen started to grumble in laughter, as did General Reaver, but his barking laughter was much louder. 
The Sheriff slowly rose up and stuck his face against the barred window. Vespius waved his hand at Narlog, who immediately approached the cell and began reading from a large legal pad.
“Sheriff John Brown, you have been found guilty of dereliction of duty, reprehensible remission of your duties, and operating with total disregard for the king’s possessions and territorial laws. You are also guilty of sedition, treason, animal molestation, spitting on the public streets, urination on those same streets, fraud, racketeering, extortion, and for constantly fiddling with your crotch in public.
“You have been sentenced to spend five years in the especially ghastly Rottweillor Prison, where you will be forced to work in His Royal Majesties’ Telemarketing Department.” A gasp went up from the collection of gathered peasants watching the festivities. Nothing in the world was worse than being sentenced to work as a telemarketer; not even ‘the rack’ or the slow, torturous death produced by ‘continuous-field-mouse-insertion’.
Narlog closed his legal pad and stared at the poor figure looking out through the bars of the window. “Does the prisoner have anything to say, before this sentence is notarized?” he asked in his best lawyerly voice.
Brown mumbled a little, and bit his bottom lip, while also attempting to form a pout, which made him look totally insane. But, just when it seemed as if he might dribble a few words off his conclave tongue, the guard standing next to the door brought his shield quickly around ― clashing against the bars of the window and smashing the sheriffs fingers, breaking his nose, and sending him reeling back into the cell.
Narlog then turned to Vespius ― who was watching everything with a demure look upon his impeccable facial structure ― and dryly stated, “The prisoner has nothing to add, m’lord.” 
“Good,” Vespius replied. He crossed his hands behind his waist and calmly walked up the steps to the Town Center Building, accompanied by General Reaver. Just before they passed the two guards standing on each side of the door, he turned to Narlog and said: “Go find our friend, Mr. Narlog, and bring him here.” With that, he entered the building, while Narlog and several guards quickly marched down the street.
A few minutes later, Gravy Acklander was escorted into the building and saw General Reaver and Crown Prince Vespius standing behind a large desk with all sorts of government paperwork scattered upon it. The prince looked up and offered Gravy the chair in front of the desk.
“Mr. Acklander, I understand that you run this town, is that true?” Vespius smiled, getting straight to the point.
Gravy looked a little nervous, but gazed at the Prince tentatively. He rubbed his chin and replied, “I have several business interests here…yes.”
Vespius creaked. “My secretary, Mr. Narlog, says that you have extensive…business interests…and Mr. Narlog is never wrong.” Before Gravy could speak, Vespius continued, his eyes looked upward, and finding little by way of the ceiling to interest him, peered back at the large pores on Gravy’s face. “Now, ever since the demise of the so-called Piddy the Fair, I have been a bit lax in making sure your…business interests…do not conflict with mine. I am here to rectify this.”
Vespius gently and deliberately stepped around the desk, sliding a piece of parchment along the top. “I have demoted the mayor and imprisoned the sheriff,” he said calmly, “and I am giving you the title of Royal Governor of the Fouldune Territorial Holdings for the House of Cornswallow.” 
Gravy looked up at Vespius. His eyes widened. His large facial pores opened further and began to excrete oily globules of sweat. “Governor?” he asked.
     “Yes, Governor Acklander. You are now in charge of this area, from Valdorlok Bridge to the mountains north of here, to the upper valley, south to the Mea Culpa. My cousin Frederick is Governor of the Carbuckle Territory, he will take precedence over any matters in the bordering areas, the reason being that I trust him far more than I will ever trust you.”
Gravy stared at the document, but not knowing how to read, didn’t understand what any of it meant. Vespius, noticing that his eyes were looking over the parchment and not actually reading it, calmly said, “There is a map at the bottom showing the boundaries of the territory.” Vespius politely grinned and pointed.
“Why would I want to be governor?” Gravy asked, looking up at Vespius, who stared back for a second before he looked away and puckered his lips.
“Because you already run this town, correct? Why do I need a mayor and a sheriff when I have you? You are the one who collects the taxes, and takes a fair cut, I’m sure. You are the one who protects most of these businesses, for a fair price, I’m sure, and you are the one who oversees all these little thieves, gamblers, and prostitutes…and decides…ultimately…what can or can’t be stolen, confiscated, hijacked, extorted, or bought and sold. It is you that exacts the punishments and rewards. It is you that keeps the law…though it may not always be just or right, it is a law nevertheless.” He paused, sliding a quill and cup of ink over the desk toward Gravy. “Why would I want puppets, when I have you…governor?”
Gravy leaned forward and looked directly into Vespius’ eyes for the first time. The Crown Prince, a man that never backed down, didn’t even flinch. “But,” Gravy asked in a soft, but serious tone, “If all this be true, again, I ask, why do I need to be governor?”
Vespius kept the staring contest up, without even the slightest hint of emotion. He replied, “Because if I bring in a family member, or close acquaintance, and give them this title of ‘Governor’, I expect them to be the ‘boss’ of this town, and the first thing that I will have them do, their first act of leadership, will be…to get rid of you.”
Gravy looked down at the paper. Vespius smirked, knowing he had won the little contest. Gravy was way past caring about such little contests. 
“Governor…?” he whispered between his greasy lips.
He picked up the little pen and scrawled his name along the bottom. Mr. Narlog, who had been standing silently in the corner, quickly slid the paper around and poured a small daub of red wax near the signature. Vespius withdrew his short sword and brought the hilt down upon the wax, impressing the ‘Seal of the Crown Prince of Cornswallow’, into it. He put his sword back in its scabbard and slowly sat down at the desk.
“Congratulations, Governor Acklander,” he said, smiling his favorite condescending smirk. “Mr. Narlog, here, will stay for a few days to advise you on the finer details of your new leadership position. However, before I go, I thought it in both of our interests to go over a few things that I expect of you.” Vespius put his hands upon the desk and added, “And…to ask a favor or two.”
Gravy lifted his head a few rivet points and apprehensively perspired. The crown prince stared out a side window. Outside he saw an elderly woman beating an old rug. Dust plumed into the air.
“Firstly,” he declared in a well-rehearsed tone of voice, “Remember these words: ‘peace and prosperity.’ That is my primary governing philosophy, ‘peace and prosperity.’ Ensure the peace and ensure the prosperity of the Cornswallow family. Keep the taxes and tariffs coming in to the royal coffers. Ensure that there are no rebellions or riotous conditions…that the citizens are kept peaceful and fully understand their allegiances to the king.
“Secondly, ensure, and I can’t stress this enough, that all royal shipments pass through this area without fail. Any and all materials, supplies, or products, which have a ‘Royal Writ of Transport’, is my property, and you are directly responsible for it. Now, when it comes to other’s property, I realize that old habits are hard to break, and that a payment to the right person is as good as an armed escort of guards, but, governor, I expect there to be some restraint in the old practices common to this area.”
“Thirdly, you are not authorized to negotiate, or in any way hamper our alliance with the city of Valdorlok, your territory ends on this side of the bridge, and any disputes that may arise are to be turned over to the royal ambassadors, several of which already live in that city. Also, a contingent of royal guards will be stationed here…they are not yours to employ, except under extreme circumstances. They are mine and I, or my commanders, solely decide what they can and can’t do.”
“Now, governor, I don’t care how you govern, as long as you ensure ‘peace and prosperity.’ But, make sure that you do govern. I don’t like failure…so, I expect you to rule this region wisely. For if I have to come back to this…thieves’ resort…and clean up a mess that you have caused…well, what do you think will happen?”
“You’ll have my head,” Gravy softly replied.
Vespius laughed and walked over to the new governor. “No, Governor Acklander. I will not ‘have your head.’ I don’t remove people’s heads…” He then sat on the corner of the desk and stared into Gravy’s eyes. 
“No,” he said in a chillingly calm voice, “I prefer to remove people’s feet.”
Gravy looked up at him with unrestrained surprise, which was a reaction he wasn’t too familiar with. Vespius glanced upon Narlog and Reaver and smiled. “You see, when you cut off someone’s head, it has the rather dreadful side-effect of also killing them. Which, though somewhat effective, is not truly a lasting form of persuasion. Now, you can stick the head on a spear and post it outside a door, or along a road…but bodiless heads decompose rather quickly, and within a few days, no one can even recognize who it was anymore…over time, it becomes nothing more than a bleached skull…” 
Vespius laughed a sinister laugh, “…and who can tell one skull from another, I ask you?”
Gravy’s tried his best to keep a somewhat unshakable look upon his face, but it was not working. His eyes were wide. His brow wrinkled in disbelief. He bit his bottom lip. He continued to sweat like a pig with sweat glands. 
Vespius lifted his eyes and seemed lost in the moment, “Besides, skulls only slightly resemble human beings, you look at one and you don’t immediately think, ‘oh, that was a person, once.’ So, you see, the lesson is lost.” He looked back upon Gravy’s moist mug and smiled devilishly, “However…by removing someone’s feet…ah, now you’ve made a lasting impression, not only upon the poor soul who you have placed this unfortunate burden upon, but also upon everyone that he comes in contact with. Gruesome, but very effective.
“For that person has to spend the rest of their days, every day, maybe even several times a day, answering two simple questions, ‘Who in the world, sir, cut off your feet?’ and, ‘What, in god’s name, did you do to deserve that?’ And the offender…who would have been dead long ago if I simply had his head removed, now lives, and breathes, and struggles through his impairment on a daily basis, but most of all, continues…to work…for me.”
Vespius exhaled loudly until his breathe ended in a hissing sound. “…As a living testament to what happens to those that cross me, or fail me. You can’t buy that kind of publicity, dear governor, not with all the gold in the kingdom.”
“Now,” Vespius stared intensely down at Gravy, who for the first time in his life had met a person that truly frightened him, “do you understand what kind of a man I am?”
Gravy nodded slowly as the prince rose and resumed looking over the paperwork on his desk. He nonchalantly bid him farewell, and reminded him once more to remember his words.
Before the new Governor made it to the door, Vespius suddenly asked for a favor from the new Governor. His first act after his promotion was to find the stolen shipment of cantaloupes and to have them brought to him immediately, along with any other shipments that had recently been requisitioned by the local outlaws. All was to be loaded on carts in the center of town and sent to Rottweillor immediately.
After the meeting, Gravy slowly walked back to his office behind Vera’s. He felt very strange. An odd mixture of emotions filled his mind ― on the one hand he felt like celebrating his new position, but on the other, he had a creeping feeling of despair, as if he had just been given a life sentence.
Vespius went over a bit of the paperwork with Narlog, and after several minutes, thanked him and walked briskly outside. His horse was waiting for him, held by a very tired and sweating ex-mayor, whose face was covered with smudges of dirt. Vespius took the horse from him without any recognition, and when upon his fine stead, looked down at him and said: “Fine work, mayor.” He then paused and added: “By the way, Mr. Acklander is now governor of this territory; your services are no longer needed.”
He took another look around the town, circling his horse, until its hindquarters pushed the ex-mayor stumbling backwards into the dirt. Vespius waved his hand to General Reaver who commanded the troops to proceed. Each rider immediately kicked their horses into a full gallop. After eight had passed by him, Vespius followed the line, accompanied by General Reaver riding next to him, and closely trailed by the rest of the unit.
The mayor lay in the road, spitting dust out of his mouth. The remaining guards stood outside the walls of the Town Center building. A couple of the Guardsmen walked past the mayor’s body and gave him a belittling gaze and a gravelly laugh in his direction.

*****

His hands were gently molding the mud into a form resembling a human head. His fingers made a small nose-like shape in the muck, poked two eyes, and with a stick, drew a big smile. Harv stood back and admired his artistry. Before him was a mannequin made of straw, and sticks, and lots of mud. The underlying structure of the ‘mud man’ was two tree limbs bound together in a cross, so it looked like a person with their arms sticking straight out. Harv sat it in the sun to dry.
His mother-in-law, drinking a cup of tea, took a long look at his statue. “What’s this?” she asked in a dismissive voice.
“It’s a dummy,” Harv cheerfully replied.
“You made a dummy,” she huffed.
“Yea…” he replied in a defensive tone.
She sighed, and began to walk away. “…Like the blind molding the blind,” she snarled.
Harv gave her his patented look of disdain, but she didn’t turn to see it. She had seen it plenty of times before anyway.
As she neared the little cabin, she yelled out, “Your husband’s lost his mind, dear.”
Delores appeared in the doorway, Harv-2 appeared soon after, chewing on a crust of bread. Delores’ mother whispered a few things to her, but all Harv heard was: “…the strain of it all has made him go bonkers…”
Harv frowned and adjusted the dummy’s nose a bit. His wife slowly approached his creation and amiably smiled. “Hon,” she asked, “What are you doing?”
“I’m working on a plan to get us safely across that bridge,” he replied, again defensively. “I thought that I could put this guy on a horse, and cause a…uh, diversion.” He turned to her and grinned. He had two dark smudges across his forehead and jaw.
Delores smiled back. She then glanced over her shoulder after hearing her mother’s voice.
“Told ya…he’s totally lost it.”
Delores turned back to Harv, and gazed upon his handiwork. “But, dear, do you think that’s going to fool them? Really?”
Harv now stood up and wiped his hands upon his thighs. “Yea, it should work…”
“But, no one rides a horse with their arms out like that, honey, except maybe in a circus.” She was always gentle with her husband, even when she sometimes didn’t quite understand him.
“Well, I could put a sword, or a spear, or something…in his hands,” he replied. 
She gently laughed and wrapped her arms around her favorite goofball. “Honey, honestly, I think they’ll take one look at that and say, ‘…wonder why someone would put a scarecrow on a horse?” She then gave him a kiss upon the cheek.
“Hmm,” Harv replied, somewhat dejected, “This was the best idea I could come up with. I’ve been trying all night to think of something.” 
Delores slowly turned his dejected body toward hers and kissed him lightly on the brow and nose. “Don’t worry,” she said softly, “We’ll think of something. We always do, don’t we? Come in and get a bite to eat.”
They both walked back to the little cabin next to Argus Tribble’s Farmhouse. Harv sighed and slowly wrapped his arm around her waist.

Argus Tribble, his wife Analog, and their three sons, all lived on a small farm away from all of the excitement of Fouldune and Valdorlok. It was a peaceful life for the most part. The only way to get there was along the river road, and few people ever traveled that route. The only other way was through the dense forest that separated the little clearing of the farm from the road to the north. They never had much trouble with bandits or outlaws, as few knew of their existence back this far from the road, and those that may have found out, were quickly dissuaded by one of the Tribble’s many fierce, well-trained dogs, or by one of the family members standing on the porch and shooting several arrows into the offender’s upper torso. 
Both methods had, over time, been proven to be quite effective. 
They had a few cows which provided plenty of milk, cheese, butter, sour cream, buttermilk, and when they became old or sickly — nice, large slabs of beef. The Tribble’s also did a little farming, but mostly they hunted, and the entire family became excellent shots with a bow. Their eldest son, Pockmark, once nailed an outlaw right between the shoulder blades from fifty yards out, no mean feat, for the man was running straight towards him at the time. They never resorted to cannibalism though, for the thick forests that surrounded their farm were absolutely full of animals not smart enough to zigzag when a person is aiming a dangerous projectile at them.
Which is why Delores wasn’t putting her faith, let alone the life of her family, solely in the outstretched arms of some homemade mud man.  Recruiting the Tribble’s wasn’t easy though, for they didn’t speak really well, relying on hand signals, whistles, grunts, and flatulence as their primary forms of communication. The Tribble’s, however, always liked Harv and Delores, and often bartered pelts for the little delicacies of modern life like kazoos and whoopee cushions. 
Harv liked them as well, and had, over time, learned to ‘fart-up’ quite a conversation with them. Delores, always being a lady first, resorted to the less repulsive, but very expressive, hand-under-the-underarm technique.
Harv explained to the family that there was bound to be a few of Gravy’s men waiting for them near the bridge, but that he wanted the Tribble's to fire only if absolutely necessary, for he still had faith that the mud man would divert the henchmen’s attention long enough for his family to escape, and he didn’t want any unnecessary bloodshed, which might enrage Gravy Acklander even more than they already had.
As night began to fall, Harv packed up the horses, helped his wife, young son and mother-in-law upon them, and began to walk alongside as they trotted up the trail toward the main road and the bridge to Valdorlok. Angus Tribble, and his two oldest boys followed closely behind. Their youngest son, Bebop, was only three, and even though he had recently killed a wild bear using only his teething-ring as a weapon, his overall inexperience, they thought, might prove to be a hindrance.

Fat Tony, who had actually been losing weight after he had quit eating meat, was sitting with his fellow henchman, Jocko, next to a small fire by the side of the road. From their vantage point, they could clearly see the Valdorlok Bridge, and slightly south of that was the entrance to the old river trail, and in the opposite direction, they could also see a fair portion of the road which wound its way back to Fouldune.
“C’mon Fat Tony, one piece of pork won’t kill ya,” Jocko asserted.
“Nope. Done swore it off. I eats these dietary protein bars instead,” Fat Tony retorted. He took a big bite and started chewing it as if he had popped a large ball of shredded newspaper into his mouth. A horrible look covered his face, “Mmm…” he hummed unconvincingly. 
Jocko wasn’t buying it. “Looks like dirt and smells like crap,” he snarled.
“But, tastes like chicken!” Fat Tony replied (actually, it wasn’t near that lucid, in fact, it sounded more like he said this: “Buh, hayshs ike hihen!”). He continued chewing and chewing…and chewing, while Jocko ravaged a pork rib.
Suddenly, Jocko rose up and stared across the road and into the darkness of the forest. “Did you hear that?” he asked.
“Shno, I hihen heerah uffin,” Fat Tony garbled, still chewing.
“Strange…” Jocko slowly put his hand upon the hilt of his sword, “Could’ve sworn I heard someone whistle…and then fart a few times.”
“Shush yoor hashenasheen,” Fat Tony replied, still chewing.
“Naw, it weren’t just my imagination.” Jocko then turned toward the bridge. “Hey, look!”
Fat Tony jumped up, “Wah?” Looking down the road, he saw a man on a horse, holding his arms straight out, with a sword in one hand and a shield in the other. He was dressed in what appeared to be an outfit of ill-fitting chain-mail, a pair of pants made out of straw, and a couple of furry, rabbit-skin boots. 
He was also wearing a Mongol helmet.
“Mongols!” Jocko cried out. He quickly ran to his horse and grabbed a bronze crucifix and start to repeatedly kiss it, all while moaning, “Oh, Jesus…oh, baby Jesus, oh, don’t let them heathen Mongols get us, please…please…baby Jesus…” He then ran over to the road and kneeled down in the middle of it, all while praying loudly: 

“Oh, Load, who are unshaven,
Hullabaloo migraine,
Hikings undone, pie-filling’s thumb,
Unearthed Aztec kiss, thin Kevin.”

He crossed his fingers, poked his eye with his thumb, and solemnly added:

“Aaaa-mint!”

Fat Tony, still chewing, said: “Mahgawhs, wash shey shooing heaw?”
“Divine retribution, no doubt!” Jocko replied, throwing dirt over his head and shoulders. He next pulled out a small rug and started praying upon it. The Mongol rider kept moving closer and closer. Its horse being inexplicably drawn to the bag of apples that someone had thrown unnoticed on the road behind the two. 
Fat Tony scratched his head and continued chewing. “Sheems hindah unny wish hish awms aww liah hat,” he chunkily stated. 
As the Mongol neared, Jocko jumped off the rug and crossed his legs like Buddha, and then, when that didn’t work, he rolled on the ground while frantically screaming: “Lawdy, Lawdy, Lawdy…!” 
Fat Tony, with a puzzled look upon his face and large, protein-bar-filled masticating jaws, pulled his sword out and stared at the slow-moving Mongol. Meanwhile Jocko, who had quickly crafted a little golden bull out of dirt and gum wrappers, began sacrificing small insects to it and praying for rain. 
The Mongol slowly passed between them and continued on down the road.  Fat Tony, still chewing, slowly followed it. Jocko, meanwhile, drew a cross upon his own forehead with the ashes of a lit cigar. He then recited the “Lord’s Prayer:”

“Day world is my leper,
Eiffel whatnot hunt,
Me tasty Hindu, tie-down ingrate azures,
De-weed, if weepy, my Thai Deville altars.
Him exploded rhizome,
Tea leafy deftly in compass all right chestless forehead snake.
Che! Stroll eye balk strew a dally hubba breath,
By quill hear bo-weevil.

A mint!”

“I shon hin isha ah Mawhewl,” Fat Tony said. He suddenly raised his sword and chopped the dummy in half. The collection of mud and straw quickly fell to the ground, along with the sword and shield it was carrying. The horse, totally oblivious to all that was going on, slowly bent down and began to happily eat the apples from the bag, while the Mongol helmet, with a grinning face of mud inside, slowly rolled over to Jocko. He was clutching an ‘Ankh’ pendant while reading ‘The Tibetan Book of the Dead.’ He took one look at the large smile on the decapitated head of the Mongol warrior and screamed, “Jesus Palomino!” 
He then passed out cold.
Fat Tony scratched his head, turned and looked at his friend, and with a loud gulp, finally swallowed. He smacked his lips and stuck out his tongue, when he unexpectedly saw the shadow of another horse crossing the bridge. It appeared to contain an amazing amount of cargo on its hindquarters as well as two riders and perhaps even a child riding upon it. 
“Aaaaaa!” he attempted to cry out, but his throat was too dry to produce any consonants.
He began running down the road for the bridge, when he suddenly saw the figure of a man, slightly to his left, standing on the old river trail near the road. When the man spotted Fat Tony, he abruptly shrieked, jumped straight up in the air and fell in a clump upon the ground.
“Aaaa!” Fat Tony gasped, and then coughed. He suddenly heard a series of farts, whistles and what sounded like a finger being popped out of someone’s mouth. The next sound he heard was the ‘psssfft’ sound of arrows being released and hitting a target. Within the course of just a few seconds, he heard this sound numerous times. He abruptly felt an intense pain cover his body and when he looked down, he thought he had somehow been turned into a large porcupine. Upon closer examination, he realized that it was not quills that were sticking out of his torso, but several arrows that were sticking in.
“Eeeeeiiiiooooo…uuuuu,” were his final vowels.

Harv quickly rose to his feet and looked down the road. He saw that Jocko was still unconscious. He then ran over to the Tribble’s and thankfully shook all their hands, smiling from ear to ear, while making several grunts and clicking sounds with his tongue in gratitude. He next ran up the trail and toward the road, before stopping and letting-go a long and loud flatulent trumpet call, but he wasn’t trying to say anything in particular. He just had gas.
He followed his family across the bridge and through the opened iron gates of Valdorlok City. Once on the other side of the magnificent structure, he and Delores gleefully hugged each other and kissed and ran down the road to the nearest inn. 

*****

A few hours after sundown, the Royal Guard arrived in Carbuckle, and Vespius invited all to a feast that his cousin had readied for them.
They were soon inside the stronghold of Carbuckle castle — a massive and impressive fortress, built by the Romans to guard the Mea Culpa waterway and mountain pass. At one time this marked the farthest extent of their empire in this part of Europe.
The feast was magnificent, with many types of food and drink available, and the tired soldiers of the Royal Guard dug in heartily. Many of Carbuckle’s lords and ladies of high-standing were there as well, and they drooled and flattered the crown prince profusely, even going so far as to offering their spouses to him ― whichever one he might happen to desire ― for a night or two of rigorous idol worship. Vespius declined these offers, keeping himself chaste for Queen Saline Delacroix, who he was positive, would surely repay his virtuousness with a good, swift kick to the lower abdomen.
In a corner of the hall, Rita Razgu helped pick up a few empty dishes. She was dressed like all the other hosts and hostesses, but she carried out her duties with a look of pensive determination in her eyes, and if anyone had paid close enough attention to those eyes, they may have noticed her glancing over at Governor Gulag. And if one had been even a bit more observant, they might have even recognized that each time she looked upon his puckering and smiling visage, a look of murderous hatred wafted across her expression.  However, before her true feelings could become obvious, she would always turn and smile at one of the soldiers, or shyly bow, when one of them reached a hand to her. Her smile cleverly disguising her deepest wishes and desires — for, if she could actually have her way — she would kill them all.
After compiling an armload of dishes, she scampered into the kitchen area and deposited them in a large basin of foamy water. She then crept out the doorway and down a few stairs to a wine cellar. 
A small candle burned next to the racks and racks of wine jugs. Hidden within the cool shadows, she reached behind a large cask and retrieved the knapsack she hidden earlier. She laid it upon a small table and began to search through the dark clothes inside. She pulled out a small sack of gold coins, and a locket, and then an object wrapped in a black handkerchief. She placed each object in a row upon the table. Next, she unwrapped the handkerchief and held a small golden object in the palm of her hand. It was a button with ‘G.C.’ engraved upon it. She stared long and hard upon it. Her eyes began to well up with tears. 
The button sat in her palm and she immediately remembered when she had first seen the item ― when she had originally found it lying inside her mother’s hand ― after she had uncurled the dead fingers that were tightly clutching it. She remembered looking upon the object then, just as she was doing now, and then looking upon her mother’s face. It was cold and silent and covered in a death mask of anguish. 
Rita gazed intently upon the object. It was her mother’s way of speaking to her from the grave. 
Rita had found her lying on the ground just outside their little farmhouse, her face bruised. Her eyes still filled with terror and anger. Frozen in death. Just like her father’s face had been when she found him lying near the smoldering rubble of their barn. Cold. Brutal death.
She remembered the flames and the smoke as the house she had been born in, and grew up in, slowly burned to the ground. The whole village was reduced to embers within hours. By morning there was nothing left but memories, ash, smoldering timbers, and the bodies. 
The button glistened in the candle light. She could hear her mother still whispering to her from the beyond. ‘Go to Carbuckle Castle.’ The voice said, ‘Free your sister…and avenge us.’
“G.C.” 
Her last words, the last thing she said to her daughter were not spoken, but clutched tightly within her hand. A hand that had begged for her life and the life of her youngest daughter. A hand that implored the cold visage of the governor, and clasped in front of his eyes and pleaded. And when he answered her pleas with an evil smile and a blade to her abdomen, her pleading hands reached out and slapped his chest. The governor thought she had lost her balance with the force and pain the blade had caused, and that she was leaning upon him. But she wasn’t. She was collecting a message for her other daughter. She wrapped her fingers around the button upon his uniform and plucked it from the cloth.
A message she would later give her daughter.
A message Rita found several hours too late.
A message she now stared at in the palm of her hand.
“G.C. — Gulag Cornswallow.”
‘Avenge us and rescue your sister.’
She wiped her tears away and slipped the button into a small pocket in her bodice. She then lifted her leg up to the table and tied the pouch of gold around the leather strap encircling her thigh – right next to the dagger that was held firm against her flesh. She then placed the locket around her neck. It had been a gift to her when she first left to attend the school in Valdorlok. 

“To our darling daughter,
May all your dreams come true.
Love, Mom and Dad”

It was an extraordinary educational opportunity that she had been given. A rare thing for most in the region, but the university had accepted her into its fine marble halls, and a future in politics or diplomacy was now within her reach. But then, news arrived that the governor had ordered her family and the other nearby families out of their homes, so that he might build his luxury house on the banks of the Mea Culpa. She left the school immediately and rode as fast as she could back home.
She arrived only in time to see the placed destroyed and the bodies of her parents lying upon the ground. 
That is when she found the message her mother left for her.
“G.C.”
Two months had passed since that day. She never went to another class at Valdorlok University. She never took another step upon the smooth tiles of its magnificent halls. She returned to her small apartment in the city and spent every waking hour planning her revenge. 
In the silent shadows of the wine cellar, Rita sniffed and wiped her eyes with her apron. She breathed deep and slowly composed herself. She put on a bright smile, and then carried a couple of jugs of wine up the stairs and out into the hall.

The Carbuckle gentry continued their loud feasting, accompanied by the guards and cavalrymen. Prince Vespius soon grew tired of the small talk and blatant proposals, and went out upon a balcony by the feasting hall. The stone structure, which jutted out from the walls of the castle, contained one of the best views of the area. He immediately felt the cool evening breeze brush across his face and tickle his ear hairs. He gazed long upon the landscape that stretched out before him — the Mea Culpa flowed effortlessly below him. To the east and south were the Ashen Mountains, and to the west, in the distance, were the deep forests of Asbury Hills. 
He sipped a glass of cherry wine that was grown and produced by his cousin Gulag’s own hand, a hobby that had slowly become a personal obsession.
At that moment, Governor Gulag slowly walked through the curtains and stood next to Vespius. He looked out upon the landscape and sipped lightly from a small goblet. 
“Wonderful, isn’t it?” he asked the prince.
“Magnificent,” Vespius replied.
“The first time I stood up here, it was at dawn and the sun was breaking over the tops of those mountains there, and cast a glow upon the countryside, and upon the river. It was amazing. I thought how fortunate I was…and still am.”
“Yes, we are all…fortunate,” Vespius whispered. He looked upon the moonlit mountains to the south and at the dark crevices creasing across the blue hue of the rock. Peering down, he saw the river rippling with the moon’s reflection, and then, looking downstream a little, he saw a small orange light glow above the river. He leaned upon the balcony wall and stared at the little light; soon realizing that it was the torch of a riverboat leisurely making its way to the docks.
“How’s your father, m’lord? Has there been any improvement in his condition?”
“No, cousin, I’m afraid not. He seems to be slipping away a little more each day. It’s like he’s vanishing from me, drifting into some kind of a dream world…”
“I’m sorry, cousin...it seems so sad. After his victory at Tarmac Plain, I thought, well, I thought he was invincible. It truly is a shame.”
“Yes. It is. Our physicians don’t know if it was the riding accident or perhaps some horrible malady…”
Gulag began to recite an old poem:
“Too young, we all must seem,
When, from our deathbeds,
We come to realize, this dream
Will soon be over.”
Vespius looked down and saw the boat was nearing the Carbuckle docks. A strange-looking man wearing a pirate’s outfit was loudly barking orders as the crew readied several lines to tie to the pier. He then noticed a dark figure, running back from the dock, staying close to a small stone wall that ran along the forest. Vespius took another sip of the wine, and looked over at his cousin, who was peering up at the moon.
“I want you to keep a close watch on the Fouldune Territory, cousin. Send some trusted ears there to listen for us, won’t you?”
“Of course, m’lord. I shall keep close tabs on the situation down there and keep you well informed.”
The prince looked to the east and saw his cousin’s new villa near the shores of the river. Its white structures stood out in bold contrast to the dark trees behind it. 
“Your house is quite beautiful, Gulag. I must say, you found the choicest piece of real estate in the entire area.” 
The governor hummed with satisfaction. “Yes, yes…I am quite pleased. I can lie in my bed at night and hear the waters whispering to me. It is so tranquil and soothing. You really must pay a visit.”
Vespius smiled, “Yes…very soon.” He took a sip of the wine. His eyes narrowed. “But, weren’t there a few farmers living there? A small settlement?”  
Gulag let a low exhale escape, “Yes, well…I had to relocate a few peasants, that is true, but they were not near as appreciative of the area as I am.”  
 “And where, cousin, did you relocate them?”
Gulag laughed. “Some moved northward I am told. There were a few that didn’t want to leave, however.” He took a large gulp of the wine and emitted a groan. “I had to relocate those people to another world, altogether, m’lord.”
The governor glanced over at his cousin and exhibited a truly diabolical grin. “To a place that we all must call home…at some point.”
Vespius’ eyebrows lifted slightly before he looked away. “I see…you killed them.” 
“The ones that didn’t wish to leave on their own accord. Yes.” Gulag placed the goblet upon the railing and started rubbing his hands together. “They begged. They pleaded. They beseeched me. But, they didn’t wish to listen. Those were their homes, they cried, their father’s father’s homes. They only wanted to stay there.” Gulag smiled up at the moon. His eyes glistened. “So, I granted them their final wish.”
He started laughing again ― a proud, boisterous laugh, “Except for a few of the girls…which I allowed to live…in order to pay for the entire extravagance.” He turned to Vespius and slightly bowed his head. “The entire complex cost not a single coin from your taxes, m’lord. I hope that pleases you.”
Vespius turned and looked out upon the river again. He didn’t reply, just a couple of slow nods of his head. He sipped his wine and wondered what the ultimate cost of his cousin’s villa might be, for he had heard of Gulag’s arrangements with a slave-trader from the south. A foul business deal that made him sick. But, until he could strengthen his hold upon the region, he would have to tolerate his cousin’s depraved indiscretions. He was still too valuable to kill, just yet. ‘All in good time,’ he thought, ‘All in good time.’ 
Vespius took another sip and looked back down at the dock. He saw the torch-lit boat was now up against one of the piers. It seemed to be carrying a massive amount of cargo. At that moment, he noticed more movement away from the dock. Several figures, dressed in black were running out of the shadows and back along the wall toward the pier.
He quickly glanced up and saw that the boat’s crew was continuing to tie more ropes to the piers of the dock. They seemed totally unaware of the presence of the four men running towards them. “Cousin, look at that,” he stated, and pointed down at the dock.
As they both looked on, they spotted the shimmering blades of the four dark figures gleaming in the moonlight. Vespius sat his cup on the balcony’s railing and stood erect. “Are those bandits?” he exclaimed.
“Attacking my dock? I think not!” Gulag yelled. He quickly turned and ran inside the hall. “Guards! Guards!” he yelled, “There are bandits at the dock attacking a boat!”
Several sentries, standing by the door, exited immediately, while many of the Royal Guard — sitting all around the tables — quickly got themselves together and took off as well. The entire mass ran down the several flights of stairs and out the castle doors, with Vespius, Gulag, and General Reaver following closely behind.

“Aargh! Tie ‘er up good fellers, we don’t want to lose ‘er in the swift waters of Carbuckle Pass.” The Cap’n cried out, while walking about and examining his crew’s handiwork. Three of the crewmen were tying the boat to the piers of the dock, while Sloop gently released a small, rusty anchor down into the murky water. 
Johann and Oldsmobill wrapped a line around a thick wooden post. They then tied several knots in the ropes.  Johann’s head suddenly perked up, as he heard the sounds of boots running upon the weathered boards of the dock. Looking in the direction of the noise, he saw four men coming directly at him. They were all dressed in black and brandishing long, glistening swords. He gasped at first, and then grabbed Olds by the sleeve “Hey! What’s this?” he yelled.
Olds’ eyes widened at the sight. His mouth opened, but only a loud grunt escaped. 
At that point Cap’n Kidneybean looked up, saw the men approaching, and roared: “Aargh! The dock is overrun with banditos!” He quickly grabbed an empty keg and threw it in the direstion of the criminals. “Aargh! Grab a sword or grab a pole…grab yer balls, and fight like trolls!”
Olds slapped Johann on the back and then turned and ran to the rear of the boat, where a sword was lying on a pile of blankets. Johann slid across the deck and grabbed a pole. Sloop reached for the captain’s cutlass inside the wheelhouse. Ishmael squealed and dived into the water.
The first bandit reached the deck of the boat, waving his sword in the air. “Which one is it?” he growled.
Another soon followed. “Kill ‘em all and ask no more questions!” he yelled back. 
Johann appeared from behind the cargo and swung at the first assassin, who quickly blocked the blow with his sword. The sinister figure then leaped upon the stack of cargo and snarled like a rabid dog. This action made Johann pause briefly, but he recollected his thoughts and took another swing at the villain. The pole impacted against the tarpaulin covering the cargo, as the villain in black ducked below the weapon at the last second. He then rose suddenly and grabbed the end of the pole with his hand, and brought his sword down hard upon it, slicing it in two. Johann then swung his body all the way around, and attacked the swordsman from the other side, but his opponent was too fast and eluded the weapon strike by taking a large step backwards. He then stepped forward again and brought his sword down upon the pole — slicing another chunk off the end. Johann now jumped back. His eyes were quite wide and showed a hint of apprehension. He glanced down at his weapon and suddenly comprehended that it had been quickly reduced to nothin more than a large stick. He let a low grumble escape his lips and began waving the stick in front of him while slowly backing up.
Suddenly, a bright sword passed by Johann’s arm, and Olds’ figure soon followed. He engaged the dark figure and their swords loudly clanged together. Sparks flew into the air as each man volleyed the other’s strikes. Olds swung low and the villain quickly countered, then Olds lifted his sword straight up and feigned the same move, but at the last second, swept his weapon diagonally, and slashed the man’s chest. A great gash opened up in the man’s leather vest, and several bronze buttons fell upon the deck of the boat. A crimson line suddenly appeared upon his chest and he snarled again. Olds replied with a grunt. Seeing that he had only inflicted a flesh wound in his quarry, he frowned intensely at the villainous brigand, but saw in the man’s eyes an angry and steely look of determination. Their swords clashed again. The injured fighter grew angrier and angrier and began to bring his weapon more and more forcefully down upon Olds’ sword. Under the onslaught, Olds began to slowly back up. 
At that moment another assassin appeared on top of the cargo and quickly jumped down upon the deck, Johann waved his stick at him, but this action only made the man emit a low chuckle. Soon, the two assassins stood side by side and began to inch closer and closer towards Olds and Johann, who held their defensive postures, but were slowly withdrawing backwards. 
Sloop was busy keeping another of the attackers at bay with the cutlass, but the assassin got a swing under his defenses and cut a large gash in his arm, Sloop cried out, but was able to block the next few blows, as he too, started to back away.
The captain was fending off the fourth with his peg-leg, which he had taken off and was now using as a weapon. “Aargh! Back to the hell that spawned ye’, vile desperados!” 
The buccaneer swung his wooden leg in great arcs, but his opponent simply leaned back and forth and waited for his chance to strike. The captain swung too far and suddenly his body was carelessly exposed. The swordsman saw his chance, he raised his sword high and was prepared to step in for the killing stroke, when a long, black spear unexpectedly pierced his back, broke through his ribs and revealed itself again, bursting out of his chest. He loudly groaned until the breath in his lungs was gone. His sword dropped to the deck. The head of the spear quickly withdrew back through the huge hole it made in his torso, and he fell lifeless into the water.
Witnessing this entire exchange from his vantage point next to the dock, Ishmael screamed, and promptly dived back under.
“Aargh! By Methuselah’s liver spots…what miracle do this be?” The captain noisily graveled.  He quickly recognized the black armor and crimson tunics worn by the soldiers. “Aargh! It be the Royal Guard…come to save me ol’ saltwater taffy from an early crematorium!”
Numerous heavy boots could now be heard on the wooden planks of the pier as the rest of the guards arrived. Several poured onto the boat to the bewilderment of all involved in the melee. The men fighting Olds and Johann turned just in time to see numerous large pikes deeply pierce their torsos. Both looked at each other with crazy, confused expressions upon their mugs before expiring on the deck. 
The last villain, still fighting Sloop, turned and faced the guards, but Sloop brought the cutlass down upon the man’s shoulders and hewed deeply into his muscles. The deathblow caused the assassin to cry out before he fell to his knees upon the deck. Blood spewed out of his wound like water from a bidet.
Gulag pushed his way through the scene and stood over the crumbled figure. “There is no thievery in my lands! None! I will not have it!” 
The dark figure looked up at him with eyes full of shock and fear. It was one of Gravy’s henchmen, known as ‘Barrel-head’. But, no one knew that about him here. He was an assassin — sometimes — but not this time. His face turned very pale very quickly. He tried to say something, several times, but his lips kept curling up in agonizing pain and terror. His eyes rolled back, and he crumbled into a pile of black cloth and crimson onto the deck of the boat.
Sloop stood over him, breathing heavy and clutching his bleeding arm. The Cap’n bounded over to him and asked about the injury. Sloop shrugged, “It’s okay,” he said.
Vespius approached the boat and coldly looked upon the cargo. He tried to sneak a peek at what it was. “Where is this boat bound for?” He loudly asked, and all eyes turned to him.
“Aargh,” the captain replied, “ ‘Tis bound for the Royal Palace at Rottweillor, sir.” The curly-hair buccaneer leaned against the wheelhouse and began to slip his peg-leg back on. Every guard that noticed this action looked strangely upon the old salt.
“Really?” Vespius gleefully asked, as if totally unaware of the carnage that surrounded him.
“Aargh! True it be.” The captain replied. He then pulled his eye patch off and tucked it in his pocket.
“What is it?” Vespius crouched down a little and began to lift a corner of the tarp.
“Aargh! It be slabs of Italy’s finest marble, and several pieces of mahogany wood.” The captain limped over toward the prince and patted the top of the cargo. Several of the guards began collecting the bloodied bodies and dragging them down the pier. Ishmael now stood on the dock and watched them pass. He was soaking-wet, nervously rolling his hands together, and shivering like a Chihuahua in a freezer box.
“Really, can I see them?” Vespius giddily asked. 
Noticing the expression on the captain’s face ― one of concern mixed with puzzlement, he added, “I am Crown Prince Vespius, this is…my marble and mahogany.” 
Cap’n Kidneybean immediately took off his hat and bowed deeply. His fake parrot fell off and rumbled upon the floor, but he immediately scooped it up with his hat and confidently placed both back on the top of his head. “Aargh! The pleasure’s be all mine, m’lord…‘tis an honor and a privilege to meet yer acquaintances.”
Vespius looked oddly upon the man now, “Yes...” He raised an eyebrow and plainly asked, “Do you always begin each sentence with that ‘aargh’ sound?”
The Cap’n bit his lip and looked about — suddenly afraid to utter his favorite word again. He simply nodded his head rapidly, conveying to the prince that the answer was, in fact, ‘yes.’
“Right...” Vespius hesitantly answered. 
Cap’n Kidneybean then turned toward his crew, who, except for Ishmael, were gathered near the back of the boat. He whispered out of the corner of his mouth: “Aargh,” and then in a much louder tone of voice said: “Give us a hand ‘ere boys, and let the most audacious and powerful crown prince see his lovely wares and what-nots!”
They all began to untie several of the ropes binding the cargo, while Vespius, a bit wary of the whole circus, stepped back a bit. He lifted his impeccably trimmed jaw upward, and rubbed his fingers together.
Then Cap’n Kidneybean whispered out of the corner of his mouth: “Aargh.” And then, much louder, proclaimed, “Johann, help Sloop with that rope!” The captain turned to the prince and smiled. Olds lifted the tarpaulin and revealed a corner of the beautiful brown, red, and white-veined, marble. Vespius stared at it under the torchlight and ran his hand across its glimmering, smooth surface.
“Beautiful.” He smiled and nodded at the men and the captain. “Thank you.” He said, and then turned and began to walk down the dock. Several guards stood waiting for him to leave before following.
“Aargh!” the captain replied, a little closer to his normal tone of voice, “Oldsmobill, you and Johann fasten it back good and tight. Aargh! Sloop, check all the bindings!”
Vespius stopped, and several of the guards behind him ran into each other. One lost his balance and fell into the water.
The crown prince didn’t even notice. His eyes stared blankly into the distance. He slowly turned and watched the captain bark another order at a blonde-haired man tying a rope to a hook. 
“Aargh! Oldsmobill, make sure that tarp is secure, it smells like a rains a’comin’.”
Vespius stared at him. His eyes seemed transfixed upon the figure. A faint smile lifted the corners of his mouth, as he slowly walked back toward the boat and crew, examining — with complete fascination — the one the captain called ‘Oldsmobill.’ He walked up to them so slowly, and quietly, that they didn’t even notice his presence.
“Oldsmobill?” He whispered to himself.
The Cap’n soon noticed him standing there and ― disguised as a cough ― said: “Aargh,” then in a normal tone, “What can I do for ye’, yer majesty?”
The prince didn’t notice him, or even hear him. He knew he heard something, but he didn’t care to know what it was. He stared at Olds. “What is your name again?” he asked.
Olds looked up. Johann peeked up from the other side of the cargo as well. The Cap’n started to cough his opening word again, but Vespius slowly raised his hand upward and silenced the captain before he could finish. Olds looked around and then back at the Prince. 
“Oldsmobill,” he stated simply.
Vespius smiled. He looked upon Olds for several seconds, then he looked down and appeared to be thinking hard about something. His brow creased slightly and he rubbed his lips with his fingers. After a few more seconds of this, he put his hands together and smiled, “Gentleman, we are presently having a little feast in celebration of some recent accomplishments, I know it is late, and you have had a stressful situation put upon you…” 
He gazed upon each member of the crew, even Ishmael, who he suddenly noticed was standing right next to him. He looked the shivering figure up and down, rolled his eyes, and continued, “…But I would like to invite all of you to this dinner.” He gave Ishmael another disdainful look, “After you have cleaned up a bit, of course.” 
The entire crew, their mouths quite agape, looked at each other in confused shock. Johann finally spoke, anticipating a nice hot meal, “We’d love, too! Thank you, your holiness.”
Captain Kidneybean winced at the ‘your holiness,’ but he was afraid to correct his friend and insult the prince.
Vespius smiled, and a small laugh fluttered from his lips. He looked at Johann, “M’lord,’ will most certainly suffice in the future.” 
Johann smiled back at the prince. Vespius then turned and began walking briskly up the dock. “See you soon, gentlemen.” 
As he continued his pace, he began to walk up the paved incline to the castle. He clapped his hands together and whispered: 

“Oldsmobill.”




Chapter Eight: The Good, the Bad, and the Governor’s Jugular 


The entire crew, giddy with excitement, was escorted to a series of rooms where they each received a change of clothes after being thoroughly sprayed down with barrels of cologne and flea dip. Only Cap’n Kidneybean turned down the new outfits, and since he hadn’t changed his clothes in over ten years, he didn’t see any reason to do so now. Sloop was stitched and bandaged up, and they were all soon escorted into a large banquet hall. 
There were several tables in the expansive space that were covered with all sorts of plates, and trays and decorative dishes. Wine jugs and goblets and bottles of imported water were scattered about on each of the tables, as well as pieces of silverware and the occasional bowl of fruit. Sitting around the tables were a collection of soldiers, and dignitaries, maidens, and family members, as well as Governor Gulag, and Crown Prince Vespius himself. All were eating, laughing, drinking, and telling off-color elf jokes. 
Performing in the middle of the hall were a few jugglers spinning flaming bowling-pins into the air. Next to them was an old man coercing his troupe of little, pink poodles to jump through several hoops. There was also a jester doing imitations of various well-known celebrities like Pope Gerald III, King Charlemagne, and Dean Martin. 
There were women in lederhosen that walked around the room, serving large, foamy mugs of beer, while others sold chewing gum, cigars, books of matches, and raffle tickets. Other servers passed through the hall with large platters of free sausages and cheese samples. 
An extensive buffet line stretched the entire length of one of the tapestry-covered walls, and the assortment of available foodstuffs were quite impressive. Johann took one look and jumped right in, carrying two plates, and an empty bowl — which he wore on his head like a porcelain hat. 
He had never seen so much food in all his life. There were pans of little meatballs in gravy, and little finger-sized sausages, and next to those were little roasted wieners that had been wrapped in golden-brown pastry dough. The sign above them said: ‘piggy-in-a-blanket’. Johann saw that and laughed his head off.
There were shrimps, and steaming plates of oysters, and lobster tails, and chicken wings, and a huge salad bar that contained a number of fruits and vegetables that the Timbrookian couldn’t believe even existed. There were little finger sandwiches, and trays of sliced meats and cheeses from all over the world. There were broccoli, cauliflower, and bean casseroles; and various fondues. There was a large tub of goat’s-head soup, and shish-ka-bobs, and jiggling gelatins with little marshmallows inside, and huge pork chops, and racks of ribs soaking in mushroom gravy, and there were potatoes — lots and lots of potatoes — that were cooked in at least a hundred different ways.
He saw a man carving off slices of prime rib, and another serving green peppers stuffed with rice and mushrooms. He looked upon the sushi bar and next to that was a huge platter of hot, buttered rolls, and then he spied the dessert tray… 
 Johann unexpectedly felt queasy, “It’s t-too m-much…” he stammered. “I’ve b-been eating wood and worms and b-boiled hosiery all of my l-l-life…I…c-can’t, I, uh, I…oooooh…”
He collapsed to the floor — his plates and bowl of food falling next to him. Sloop, who was standing nearby, knelt down beside Johann’s sprawled body and tried reviving him by waving a spicy chicken wing under his nose.
Gulag stood up and looked warily upon the fallen Timbrookian. He then motioned to a nearby server. “You there!” he commanded, “Help that man…and move him away from the buffet…for he is holding up the line.”
The hostess looked around for a second, her eyes emphasizing her confusion. She looked upon the governor as he silently waved his hand in the air. Rita pointed to herself in a silent, questioning reply. 
“Yes, yes…you!” the governor said to her, before sitting down in his chair, “Help him…he’s obviously been overwhelmed with the splendor of this wonderful feast,” he smarmily replied, and then turning to his guests, added, “And the presence of such high-brow company! Ah, such riff-raff does not usually get the opportunity to even kiss our noble, pedicured feet…unless of course, I command them to do so.” He and his fellow guests laughed uproariously at the comment.
Rita bent down toward the figure of Johann, but glanced up again at the governor. He was still laughing and raising his glass high into the air. Her eyes narrowed as she looked upon him and she began envisioning herself gutting him right there in front of his guests. Oh, what a wonderful conversation piece he would make ― with his entrails splattered all over the table.
Johann groaned below her and she looked down upon his round face. His eyes rolled back in his head and he mumbled something about ‘piggies-in-a-blanket’ and lightly giggled. Oldsmobill, Ishmael, Sloop and Rita then carried him away from the buffet tables and into an alcove along one of the walls. 
A few minutes later, Johann awoke to find himself lying on a bed of soft pillows. He opened his eyes and saw a young, beautiful woman lifting a cup to his lips, and softly caressing his brow. He looked around in dazed wonder, and seeing her serene face again, he muttered, “Oh, I get it…you can tell me. I can take it. I’m dead aren’t I? I must’ve been seriously injured during that struggle on the boat…and I’ve passed on as a result, right?”
Rita looked strangely upon him. “What?” she asked.
He gazed into her big green eyes as he gingerly drank from the glass of wine. He then looked downward, and after a few seconds of ogling her cleavage, looked away and saw a huge platter of food sitting before him. Johann smiled. “Well, at least I made it to Heaven,” he calmly sighed, “Oh! And what a sumptuous and curvaceous place it is, indeed!”
He then heard Oldsmobill’s voice and lifted his head a little higher.
“Hey, you alright, buddy?” Olds asked.
Johann saw the face of his friend. The blonde-haired knight was smiling while chewing on a turkey leg. Johann softly lifted his hand and lightly grasped Olds’ shoulder. “Oh, my…did they get you too, Olds?” he calmly asked, with an expression of peaceful resignation upon his face.
“What?” Olds inquired, taking another bite of the turkey leg.
“Don’t worry my friend, there’s nothing to worry about now. We both made it to Heaven. All of our troubles are over.” Johann smiled a large, contented smile and then looked up at the serving-woman’s gentle face. She slightly sniggered and lifted the goblet to his lips again. “My guardian angel…” he whispered to her, “I always knew I had one.” He then gave her a slow wink and softly nuzzled the side of his head atop her ample bosoms. “Though, if I had known that angels were so freakin’ hot, I may have wished for death years ago.”
At that exact moment, by sheer and total coincidence, a man requested the musicians to play an old spiritual, and Johann joyfully joined in, singing in the deepest baritone voice he could muster:
“Swing low, sweet chariot, comin’ for to carry me home…”
Olds shrugged his shoulders, rolled his eyes, and went back to the buffet line. 
Rita looked upon Johann with puzzled bemusement. She leaned back a little, getting a full view of his round and somewhat scruffy face. For the first time in several months, she started to smile and a little chuckle even escaped through her red lips and bright teeth. This wasn’t the fake, little smile that she was used to presenting, but was real, and the fact that it happened, actually surprised her. Johann smiled pleasantly and contently. He nodded his head like a happy-go-lucky crooner that believed he was dead and now singing with the choir invisible. 
“You’re funny,” Rita laughed.
“Yes, well dead men can afford to be funny. We have no responsibilities and no time restraints. The only thing I need to do now is learn how to play the harp.”
Rita giggled and softly caressed his hair.
Sloop meanwhile, was having a grand ol’ time, but eating very little of the enormous buffet — he was too busy drinking the various elixirs on hand. His favorite was the concoction known as root beer, and the more he drank the drunker he became ― even though it contained absolutely no alcohol whatsoever. Sloop laughed and hugged the female servers repeatedly and more than a couple of them slapped him after he pinched their bottoms. He slurred every word he spoke and staggered about like an inebriated uncle at a wedding reception. “How’s a’ bout a kish fer an ol’ shailor… ‘hic’…wounded in battle, I was. Huh? Wash-ya-shay, mishy?”
Ishmael spent his time sitting in a corner booth and gnawing on various fruits and vegetables like a leathery rabbit — his large, nervous eyes scaring the daylights out of anyone who happened to look his way.
Near the center of the hall, Cap’n Kidneybean was busy telling the assorted guests a great sea tale. He stood upon a table, holding a jug of apple cider in one hand, and a lobster-tail in the other. The guests hung on to every word, except for the ‘Aargh’ bit, which got pretty annoying after a while:
“Aargh! And his name was Cap’n A-rab, though I think he was really of Greek or Jewish descent, truth be told…and we sailed out of Northumberland Bay on the ‘U.S.S. Pekinese’, for the mighty blue n’ green of the great Atlantic.
“Aargh! And when we reached the Pimento currents, at the forty-ninth parallel, ol’ Cap’n A-rab says to us swabbies: ‘I’s a’goin after that great white whale! Aargh! For he be the one that gnawed off me left kicker, and’s I had to replace it with this here curvy, table leg…and I’s will not stop ‘til I finds his cursed hide and stick a large cork in’a his blow hole!’
“Aargh! And knows this my fine lads, that the whale I seeks is as white as snow, and he’s as fast as a bowling ball rolling down a slippery slope, and he’s bigger than a laundromat, and he’s as mean as a priest hopped-up on corn whiskey and diet pills, and he goes by the name of…Moby Penis!” 
“Aargh! So, many days and nights we’s a’travelled the mighty trade winds and Cap’n A-rab says to us: ‘Look lively lads, for I smell that white whale in the wind, and it smells like he might’a had tuna fer supper! Aargh! Then he turned and yelled at a’couple of mates rough-housin’ on the deck, and he hollers at ‘em, saying: “If’n ye two don’t stop yer fightin’ and caterwauling, I’s a’gonna turn this ship around!” 
“Aargh! And Cap’n A-rab, he’s a’mighty sore, and he reads us a bunch of Bible verses and says to us: ‘Ne’er you boys fear, fer I’s will not stop until I finds that whale, whether across the Atlantic, or across the Specific, I’ll find the one that ‘et my leg, fer I curse that white whale’s existence ev’ry day that I lives and breathes, cuz he be the one that made me such a gimpy ol’ bastard!” 
“Aargh! And then one fine morn’ we all had seagulls fer breakfast, when suddenly, a pip up in the crow’s-nest shouted out: ‘Thar he blows,’ and we all looked, and there were that white-finned demon: cruising the waves like a Cadillac wit’ new struts and springs, and he’s a’venting a geyser liken ‘Old Faithful,’ and the Cap’n, he’s standing on the main sail, and he’s yellin’, and he’s a’cursin’, and he’s hair is wild like that Einstein feller’s, and he’s wavin’ his curvy table leg in the air, and he’s screaming: ‘Curse you Moby Penis! Curse you! Moby Penis!”
“Aargh! And the Cap’n, he’s tellin’ God Almighty hisself, ‘I’s gonna kill me this whale…and if’n needs be…I’m a’goin’ down with this ship!’…which didn’t sit too well wif us, fer we were promised a three-week cruise aroun’ the Bahamas…and then, the Cap’n grabbed a huge salad fork and he did smote that Moby Penis, right in’a his tail fin, and the great white whale did dive un’er the sea, and took ol’ A-rab the missionary wit’ him.
“Aargh! And we’s stoods round the ship and spent the rest of our days playing shuffleboard and gambling our arses off, until the Coast Guard came and hauled us all in!”
After a bemused look went around the room, a few of the patrons lightly clapped. The captain wavered a little before promptly sitting back down and dunking his head into a large bowl of clam chowder. 
Oldsmobill, after stuffing himself on the extravagant buffet, looked over to his friend Johann, who was now eating and drinking quite insatiably, and was being fed grapes and pastel after-dinner mints from the lovely server woman. Johann was obviously struck with her, even before he decided to lick her underarm. 
After catching a glimpse of Olds, he waved a goblet in the air, and brightly smiled. Olds nodded his head and waved back. He then looked and saw that Prince Vespius had gotten up from the table and was now standing near the balcony. The darkly-clad crown prince then surreptitiously motioned for Oldsmobill to join him outside.
The view from the balcony was magnificent, and Olds passed right by the prince to look out upon the moonlit landscape. “Wow, what a sight!” he exclaimed.
“Yes, it is,” Vespius replied, looking out as well. They both stood on the balcony leaning over the stone rail. Vespius pointed to the dock. “It was from here that we saw those bandits attacking your boat.”
Olds nodded his head. “Lucky that.”
Vespius sipped his wine, and then glanced over at the blondish-haired man. “Your name is Oldsmobill, right?”
“Yes,” he replied, still looking upon the surrounding landscape.
“I thought that is what I heard the captain call you. So, tell me, Oldsmobill, how long have you been working on that boat.”
“Not long.” 
Vespius hummed a bit. Olds took a drink and glanced over at the prince for a second, asking. “I certainly appreciate your help…as well as the invitation to this magnificent buffet. It seems like everyone is having a great time.”
Vespius looked back into the hall, laughing. “Well, that captain fellow is certainly a piece of work, that ‘Moby Penis’ story though, was a bit, odd.” He wrinkled his brow a little, “And that one fellow scares the crap out me every time I look over at him…”
“Ishmael.”
“…Yes, I didn’t think it was possible to have such large, and yet, such beady eyes.” Vespius frowned, but soon after started laughing. He slowly turned back toward the view, and leaned upon his elbows. “But, truth of the matter is, I only invited those men, because they were with you.”
Olds frowned a bit. “What do you mean?”
“Oldsmobill, I invited you, because I wanted to talk with you for a little while about something very, very important.” He slowly took another drink from a jewel-encrusted, golden goblet.
“About what?”
“About you, mainly. Your life, and your future plans.” 
 “Why me?” 
The crown prince sat his goblet upon the rail, turned and smiled. “Oh, I think there are many things that you can tell me Oldsmobill, many things.” He paused and caught a glimpse of Olds’ shiny boots, and noticed that there were several filthy words scratched all over them. His brow lifted slightly, but he decided not to ask about them. Instead, he said, “But, I’m afraid it is way too late to get into all of that, however, I have a request.” 
“Yes, m’lord,” Olds, rather stiltedly, replied.
“I would very much like it if you would join me on the ride to Rottweillor, tomorrow. We’ll have plenty of time to talk, and you can meet your friends there in a day or two.”
Olds looked out upon the landscape. After dedicating a few neurons to the subject, he smiled and said: “It would be my privilege, m’lord. However, our voyage here was kind of dangerous…with river bandits and the like, and I would hate to leave Cap’n short-handed.”
Vespius smiled and waved his hands in the air, “Oh, don’t worry about that. I shall have a couple of my Royal Guard go with them for the rest of the journey…and better yet, I’ll allow them to fly the Cornswallow flag. No bandits would dare attack them then.”
Oldsmobill nodded and smiled. “Then I shall accept your offer, sir.”
Clasping his hands together, Vespius replied, “Excellent. I look forward to our little trip. I will make all the arrangements for you and your friends.” He reached out and shook Olds’ hand. “It is a pleasure meeting you, Oldsmobill,” he said, “We have so much to talk about. I look forward to seeing you tomorrow.” He smiled again and returned to the feasting hall.
Olds stood there on the balcony for a few minutes. The grinning expression he had presented to Vespius quickly faded from his face as soon as the prince had left. His ever-suspicious left eyebrow rose and he began to bite his bottom lip. He felt rather unsure of Vespius, and wondered why a man with so much power and wealth would request his presence on a trip. ‘Does this have something to do with my quest?’ Olds pondered, ‘and if so…then how? And why didn’t somebody tell me about all of this? And…why am I standing here asking myself all these questions like a total dunderhead?’
 Olds sighed. He leaned upon the balcony’s railing and stared down at the slow current of the Mea Culpa. He knew one thing for sure, regardless of anything else; he didn’t trust the crown prince or his intentions. Not after the way he had heard him say ‘Oldsmobill’ when he left. There was a slight hissing in the prince’s voice, which Olds detected immediately. He wasn’t certain if it was inadvertent, on purpose, or perhaps just a speech impediment, but Olds knew he didn’t like it, and hearing the way he said his name echo over and over again in his mind made him feel very suspicious and deeply concerned. 
He took another sip of the wine and stared out way beyond the balcony’s view of the world. 
After a few moments of contemplation, he turned and made his way back into the hall. He was greeted immediately by an elderly man dressed in a red crushed-velvet tuxedo. 
“Good evenin’ squire, my name is Bugaboo...Mister Bugaboo. The governor has informed me that you will be spendin’ the night in our guest-wing, hmm?” The old chap smiled. His teeth looked like two rows of cheese cubes. “Here is your key-card. Room twenty-two, I believe it is. You will find the accommodations most favorable. The crown prince has also requested that a uniform from the barracks be sent up to your room. I took the liberty of requesting various sizes, as I know how the young people like to wear their clothes a bit baggy these days, heh-heh. Hmmm?”
Olds took the card and stared at it for a few seconds. “Thank you, sir,” he replied. 
“You’re quite welcome, squire. I have also been told to inform you that you are to be at the stables at no later than eight bells. However, if you prefer, I can arrange a wake-up call at seven bells, for your convenience.”
Olds smiled and nodded his head in approval. “That would be quite splendid, thank you.”
The old gent smiled again and stroked the red lapel of his tuxedo. “Oh, don’t fret squire, just remember…at the toll of seven bells from the local chapel…a large, brutish hag by the name of Pumice will burst through your door and douse you with a large bucket of cold water…seven bells sharp. I advise you to wake up at that point, for after the bucket of water, things get really messy fairly quick.” He then leaned in and whispered, “I’m afraid that Pumice takes her job quite seriously, sir.” 
Olds looked away a second and begin to nervously nibble on the corner of the key card. “Really? Well…that should most definitely do the trick.”
“Yes, it is quite effective.” The old man laughed, “Although, it often scares the holy bejeebies out of tourists and honeymooners. Just a head’s up as it were. Hmm, squire?”
Olds stuck his hand out and thank the elderly man again, who bowed slightly before ambling back through the feasting hall. The young knight stared at the small key card for a few seconds — it was a thin piece of wood veneer with several square holes punched out. It was painted white on one side, and on the other side was an advertisement for a local bail bondsman.
A familiar laugh bounded into his ears, and he looked over to the alcove where Johann was. The little Timbrookian was busy making funny noises on his female companion’s exposed tummy. Rita loudly guffawed, but caught herself having fun and began to look quite annoyed at his behavior. She pulled on his ear and then buttoned-up the mid-section of her bodice.
“Johann,” Olds cried out, as he trotted over to his friend.
“Hey, Olds,” Johann replied. The stubby little huntsman whispered something into the ear of his female companion, then leaped to his feet, and met Olds near a large fountain that trickled red fruit punch into a small birdbath. “Are you enjoying yourself, Olds, and this magnificent feast?”
“Oh, yes.”
“Have you tried that stuff called cheesecake…it’s amazing! It’s like cheese, but it’s also a cake…well, actually it’s more like a pie, I guess…but still! I’ve eaten three already and I’m waiting for them to bring out another!”
“No, I must’ve missed that…”
“It’s cheese…cake! Amazing! Cheese! Cake!”
“Yes, yes, I get the gist of it…”
“So, let me ask ya something…” Johann whispered, while lightly grabbing Olds’ shoulder. “You think maybe that prince fellow will let us hang out here for a while? Or maybe hire us to work as taste-testers in the kitchen?”
“Well, that’s what I wanted to talk to you about. See, Vespius wants me to ride to Rottweillor with him tomorrow.” 
“Really? To Rottweillor, huh?”
“Yea,” Olds replied, “How freaking weird is that?”
 Johann’s eyes lifted upward as his index finger caressed his upper lip, “Say, how much food do you think he’ll have for the journey?”
“I don’t know, a lot, I guess.”
Johann started slowly nodding his head. Olds could almost hear the gears turning inside that ruffled scalp. Johann suddenly smiled and said, “Hmm, sounds good…when are we leaving?”
“Tomorrow at eight bells…don’t be late.”
“Right. Eight bells…right, uh, what is that? Like noon or something?”
“No, I think it means eight o’clock.”
“Right…eight o’clock…is that at night?”
“No, morning…a little after sunrise, I think. You can get a wake-up call at seven.”
Johann’s eyes darted back and forth. “Who do I call at seven?”
“No, they call you,” Olds happily replied.
“Call me what? Seven?”
“No, at seven o’clock they come to your room and wake you up.”
“When?”
“Seven bells…seven o’clock.”
“Right. Is that at night?”
“No, morning.”
“Oh, so is that…kind’a soon?”
“Uh, no, it’s still a few hours away.”
“Really? Well, let me ask you this…smart guy! Why is it called: ‘o’clock’?”
Olds stepped back and pondered, “Hmm, good question. Have clocks been invented yet?”
“I don’t know…do sundials and hourglasses count?” 
“Well…if they did, wouldn’t it be called ‘eight o’sundial’?”
Johann closed his eyes, sighed, and rubbed his temples. “I haven’t the slightest idea…this whole ‘time’ thing has me totally baffled.” 
“It’s just a concept, I suppose. I’m not sure if it’s to be taken literally”, Oldsmobill replied. “That’s the strange thing about time.”
“Okay, so I need to be down at the stables at eight bells, right?”
“Right. Are you sure you wanna go?”
“Oh, yea. As long as the prince’s buffet goes along with us.”
Olds clapped his hands and broadly smiled. “Great. I’ll tell the governor’s assistant to get you a room.”
“But, why do you think Vespius wants to talk to you?”
“I don’t know.”
“Think it has something to do with this quest thingy?”
“It might…I suppose…”
Johann leaned forward, cupped his hand to his mouth, and whispered, “Maybe, he just thinks you’re cute.”
Olds looked round the room, suddenly feeling rather uncomfortable. “No, I think he’s heard of me, or something…I haven’t figured that part out. It may have something to do with this quest. Perhaps he is supposed to help me find the four carpenters in Rottweillor…” Oldsmobill now narrowed his eyes and began rubbing his own temples as well. “Truth is…I haven’t the faintest idea…”
“Well, if you ask me,” Johann replied, patting Olds on the shoulder, “it seems that this whole quest business could use a little more specificity. There appears to be plenty of room for interpretation.”
“Yea, I know.” Olds sighed, “But I’m supposed to go to Rottweillor and find four carpenters, and then on to Timbrook. That much…I’m pretty sure of.”
“Did you get any of this in writing?”
“Uh, no.”
“Well, like I said before, I’m not completely sold on the whole thing, but if you believe in it, that’s fine by me. I’m pretty open-minded about such matters…especially if it involves a good meal every couple of days.”
“Thanks, Johann. I know…this is all kind of weird…and honestly…I have my doubts about it just about every day. I still don’t quite understand why that bowl of oatmeal chose me. But, it seems that whenever I start to lose my faith, something always happens that makes me believe in it again.”
“Well, all I can say is that I’ve gained a good fifteen pounds since I’ve met you, and if the chefs at Rottweillor Castle know how to make one of them cheesecake things, well, this quest business is pretty cool in my book.” The Timbrookian clapped his hands and started to laugh loudly, “Hell, I may even have to get me one!”
Olds chuckled for a second or two, but then leaned in to his friend and whispered, “Maybe, you already have…”
Johann stopped in mid-chuckle. His eyebrows twitched a little, before he lightly smirked, “Yea, maybe.”
“Alright, I’ll see you in the morning…” Olds turned his head and looked upon Rita sitting in the alcove. She was busy sprinkling some chopped nuts on top of a strawberry sundae. “Try to get a little sleep, okay?”
Johann broadly smiled as Olds slapped his shoulder. “I’ll be there…eight bells.”
“See you then.”
Johann turned and nervously looked around for a few seconds, before scampering back to the alcove, where Rita was busy trying to not look like she was giving Governor Gulag the evil eye ― even though she most certainly was. 
“Hello again, cutie,” Johann chirped.
“Hi there, goofball!” she replied in a sarcastic ― but somewhat sultry ― yodel.
Johann sat down next to her and smiled. “What’s this?”
“A strawberry sundae. I had them bring you one. Trust me, you’ll love it.”
Johann plopped a large spoonful into his mouth. He smiled with great satisfaction. “Hmm…that’s sweet…and fruity.”
“Yea,” Rita smirked, “I thought it was a good match.” 
She leaned back in the alcove, and after another quick glance toward Governor Gulag, turned back to Johann’s beaming face and asked, “So, who was that man you were talking to?” 
Johann ― obviously enjoying the sundae ― mumbled, “Oh, that’s Oldsmobill. He’s on a quest.”
“A quest? What sort of quest?”
“Ha! Who knows? Something about building a convention center in Timbrook.”
“Is he a knight-errant or an urban developer?” 
Johann swallowed, and reached for a glass of wine. “Well, if he wants to build anything in Timbrook, he may actually need to be a miracle-worker.”

Soon after, Prince Vespius left the proceedings, and the hall cleared rather quickly. It was quite late, but a few of the crowd lingered around and continued to converse, eat, drink, and tell each other dirty jokes about elves having relations with sheep. 
Oldsmobill made the necessary arrangements concerning the accommodations for his friends. Bugaboo was happy to help, for there were plenty of rooms available due to it being the off-season. Olds left the decision on whether or not to get a wake-up call to each of his friend’s discretion.  Johann however, let the matter slip his mind completely, once he had downed a few more glasses of wine. 
After a long conversation with a couple of women from the Carbuckle Bricklayers Union, Oldsmobill bid the remaining guests, and his friends, goodnight. He tried his best to tell Cap’n Kidneybean that he wouldn’t be accompanying him on the remainder of his journey, and that a couple of guards would take his and Johann’s place on the ‘Key Largo’, but the captain ― who had been doing shots of tequila from the shoe of a local countess ― simply wavered in front of him like he had been hit over the head several times with rolling pin. The only reply he was able to make was: “Aargh! Jeebly-weebly, lumbo…va-loosh!” He then staggered a little and got tangled up in a couple of folding chairs. 
Oldsmobill just shrugged, nodded his head, and slowly walked toward the exit. An elderly woman dressed in a black pants-suit led him to his room. It was not an extravagant accommodation, but it did have a fluffy bed, and a small writing desk that was covered with ads for local pizza joints and escort services. 
He placed the candle near his bed and collapsed upon the plush blankets. A cool breeze drifted in through the small window of the room and eventually blew the candle out. Olds slowly closed his eyes and continued to wonder about what link Vespius might have to him and his quest. Gradually, he fell into a deep slumber.
Meanwhile, in the feasting hall, Ishmael continued to gnaw on various fruits and vegetables, completely oblivious to what went on around him. Sloop wrestled about with two women in the corner ― slurring every word and waving a couple of his appendages in the air, until he finally passed out drunk, even though he really wasn’t. Cap’n Kidneybean was sprawled out on the floor in his typical sleeping posture. His head, for some reason, was stuck inside a huge, roasted goose carcass.
Rita watched as Bugaboo handed a key card over to Johann. “Room thirty-six, squire, and do call me if you reconsider the wake-up call.” The elderly gent smiled, bowed, and slowly backed away. 
“Yes,” Johann replied, his mouth full of green gelatin and marshmallows, “Will do…though, just the idea of what a woman named ‘Pumice’ might actually look like is liable to keep me up all night anyway.”
Rita let a chirping chuckle escape her lips. She put her hand to her mouth and began to frown at her own lack of self-control. She then glanced over at the governor again; reminding herself of what she was really there for, but Johann kept distracting her with his funny eating-noises and occasional tickling of her ribs.
The two had spent the evening giggling and feeding food into each other’s mouths, until Johann starting choking upon a shrimp-tail. Rita quickly jumped into action and repeatedly slapped his back and shoulders with a large serving tray, until he was finally able to expel the crustacean’s offending body part. After a long bout of mouth-to-mouth resuscitation — which was not at all necessary, but still, rather pleasurable for both — the two had a couple more drinks and a few more laughs. 
After the governor retired for the night, Rita whispered into Johann’s ear, and suggested that they too leave the hall. She leaned back and gave him a devilish smile, while Johann’s eyebrows suggestively moved up and down in quick succession.
He softly replied, “I think’ll be alright, as long as we keep the noise down.” 
Rita looked upon him with charitable surprise and laughed, and after telling him that she was going to get a couple of bottles of wine, then excused herself. She made her way through the kitchen and down into the wine cellar and picked out two bottles of a nice Italian vintage, as well as her knapsack, and then met up with Johann again. The two left the feasting hall and eventually found the room Johann had been assigned, but not before taking several wrong turns through the guest-wing and opening nearly every unlocked door in the castle by mistake. Johann also had a difficult time with the key-card, but finally managed to get the door open. Once inside, he tugged upon Rita’s sleeve and cried out, “Look! I smuggled a cheesecake out of the banquet hall!” 
Rita laughed as he pulled the pie out of a large paper bag under his shirt and placed it upon a nightstand. The cake was actually quite a mess for he had carried it on its side under his shirt and it now lay upon the dish in a yellowy, globby, crescent shape. “You want some?” he asked.
“Sure,” she replied, while popping the cork on a bottle of wine. She then poured a couple of glasses and paced over to the window. 
She looked out upon the darken peaks of the Ashen Mountains and sighed. Her eyes slowly descended until she was peering at the Mea Culpa River. Her expression changed to one of sad contemplation. ‘Soon, very soon…’ she thought. 
The moment she had been preparing herself for was rapidly approaching ― Governor Gulag was just a few steps down the hall and surely sleeping soundly — nice and snug in his luxurious bed. However, now that all of her plans had finally led her to her quarry, she began to wonder if she could actually accomplish the murderous deed. It was one thing to think about a killing someone, to be consumed by thoughts and images of it, and to spend so much time planning and making the necessary arrangements to accomplish the feat, but it was something quite a bit more, to actually do it. She had never doubted that she would murder him — that is, until now. 
She breathed in the crisp night air and raised her head. Looking up at the stars, she wondered if her parents were up there somewhere ― among the darkness and sparkling points of light ― were they looking down upon her and wondering themselves ― was she really brave enough, and strong enough, to avenge their deaths? 
Suddenly, Johann was next to her. He lightly tugged upon her sleeve and stated, “Here, cheesecake…have some cheesecake.”
She smiled up at the stars and turned. “Thank you,” she said.
They both sat on the edge of the bed and ate a few bites of the smuggled dessert, before she looked a questioning eye his way and began to speak freely, “You’re quite a character Johann. I must tell you, I haven’t felt this…well, this…” She then grunted, the words not being easy to form inside her mind or upon her lips. “I haven’t laughed this much in…” An irritated and forlorn look covered her face as she peered down upon the plate of cheesecake. A sense of guilt passed through her mind and she softy added, “…months.”
Johann leaned back. He continued to smile and gaze upon her beautiful, but somewhat sad face. “I’m glad you’re having a good time. You look like you could use a little cheering up.”
“Is it so obvious?”
Johann smirked, “As obvious as a sledgehammer.”
“Hmm, I was doing my best to disguise these feelings. I guess I’m not as good an actor as I thought.” 
“Well,” Johann said, “I’m quite observant…in a strangely inattentive sort of way...but the truth is, I found you to be so attractive that I couldn’t keep my eyes off of you.” 
Rita laughed, “Or your hands, for that matter.”
“Yes, well, one thing leads to another…besides, at the time, I was under the delusion that I had died, and you were the first thing that I saw when I awoke…so, like a newborn pup, I have an instinctual desire to follow you…and perhaps, even call you ‘mommy’.” 
Rita laughed again before looking oddly at the man, “So, I’m stuck with you, I guess…”
“Yep…at least until I’m weaned.”
They both chuckled at that, and then Johann took a large drink of the wine. He poured himself another, while she merely sipped hers and glanced again at the darkness of the window. 
She softly stated, “I’ve just been so preoccupied with…with a lot of things. I guess I forgot how to enjoy myself.”
“I noticed that, so I tried my best to cheer you up. It’s what I do. Take Olds, for instance. When I met him he was fairly disheartened and down on his luck. Now, look at him…he’s conversing with royalty and determined to carry on with his quest. I’d like to think I had something to do with that.” Johann beamed and then drank another mouthful of the wine.
“From what I’ve always heard, Timbrookians are not that sort of people…no offense, but their reputation is that they are a rather exclusive lot, and not prone to being very friendly to outsiders.”
“Ah, that’s just propaganda. Y’see, for the most part, we like our secluded lifestyle, and don’t want to get caught up in all the goings-on outside our little circle of mud and muck. We’re actually quite friendly…just not very sociable.”
Rita started laughing. “So, how is it possible that you’ve become so…so kindly and observant?” 
Johann glanced round the room. He smirked and then looked upward. “I think it’s because…well, I guess I’m kind of…in tune…with my surroundings, so to speak. I’ve spent a lot of time alone, mainly in the swamps and forests that surround Timbrook. During that time, I came to understand a few things about me and my life…and even though I was alone…I started to appreciate people more, y’know?” Johann nodded his head slowly. 
Rita smiled and wrapped her arms around the slightly shorter man. She whispered into his ear, “Thank you…for taking my mind off some awful things I’ve recently been through, Johann. Thank you.” She then kissed him – a small kiss of gratefulness, but it soon turned into a longer kiss of affection. They both opened their eyes near the end as a nervous giggle emanated from her lips. Rita blushed, as Johann leaned in and kissed her again. He smiled afterwards, and then leaned back. They both sipped their wine in a moment of silence; neither of them knowing exactly where this would lead. They were a bit nervous and anxious at first, as the wisps of apprehension floated around them before slowly dissipating into the cool air of the room.

****

The moon glistened upon the waters of the Mea Culpa. The current slowed until the surface appeared to be like a large sheet of glass. The air was still and silent as even the creatures of the forest grew quiet. All was tranquil and serene. 
She heard only her breath in the hushed darkness. Steady and comforting, like a rhythmic whisper.
Clouds began to rise from beyond the dark visages of the distant mountains. Their billowing bellies were as black as night. They moved across the landscape casting the river and shoreline in pitch. The moon finally succumbed to their onslaught and was swallowed up within their inky foreboding. 
The rhythm of her breathing increased, and was soon joined by the deep percussive sounds of her beating hearting. The silence gave way to screams and the sounds of suffering. The river turned into a lake of fire, and within its midst were human forms writhing in anguish. 
Above the fire, she saw the evil visage of Governor Gulag amid the clouds – laughing and sneering. He looked directly at her and opened his mouth, and a dark river of blood poured out, covering everything in sight. She heard her breath become a gasp as she began to feel the fear and dread consume her. Her heart raced. She felt as if someone was choking her….she felt their hands around her neck….their grip growing tighter and tighter…and tighter ….
She gasped. “I can’t breathe…I can’t breathe…I can’t breathe!”

Rita quickly sat up in the bed. Her eyes were wide and full of fear. She was gasping for breath and her heart seemed to be trying to pound out of her chest. She lifted her hands to her throat as her eyes rapidly scanned her surroundings. She was covered in a cold sweat. She then looked down and saw the sleeping figure of Johann next to her. He was curled up in fetal position under a thick blanket. His wiry black-haired head buried deep into the fluffy white pillow. 
She glanced about the room again and slowly began to calm down. Reaching over to a nightstand she lifted a large white t-shirt up and slowly pulled it over her head, then quietly got up from the bed and walked to the window. The air was crisp and cool as she stood looking out over the balcony. The full moon was still high in the sky and cast a glow upon everything its rays touched. She looked down and saw the Mea Culpa moving steadily northward and into the darkness of the northern mountains. Just down the river, she could barely make out the outline of Governor Gulag’s new villa. 
She inhaled deeply and quietly exhaled a long sigh. She again looked up at the moon and figured that she could still accomplish her mission. She glanced back at the distant villa and then turned and looked upon the sleeping form of Johann. She still had time, she thought, she could still do what she had originally set out to do. 
Silently, she glided across the floor of the room and found her knapsack lying next to a dresser. She opened it up and pulled out her boots. The knife she had concealed fell out and clinked upon the stone floor.
She stood s and waited in the darkness. 
After a few seconds, and hearing no sound from Johann, she bent down and put the dagger back into one of her boots and began pulling her black clothes out. She stopped again when she heard Johann stir.
After remaining quiet and still for a few moments, she stood up and began slipping the black pants up her legs.
“You…leaving?” A familiar voice whispered to her from the darkness. She stopped and slowly looked up toward the bed. Johann was sitting up and looking directly at her. She sighed and bowed her head.
“No…I…yes…” she whispered. 
Johann squinted and pursed his lips. He opened his mouth to say something but nothing came out. He rubbed his eyes and took a deep breath. “But…why? I mean…”
Rita looked up again at him. She saw the confusion and sadness upon his face and she slowly walked over to the bed and sat down upon the end. She bowed her head.
“Johann,” she whispered, “I’m a mess.” She then lifted her head and looked directly into his eyes. Her expression changed to one of exacerbation and embarrassment. 
Johann blinked and ran his tongue along his back teeth. “A mess…?” he asked, “But I’m the one that had to sleep in the wet spot.”
She quickly lifted her head and gave him a look of surprise, before smiling and leaning to him and lightly slapping his cheek. “You…” she stated before lightly kissing his lips. He put his arm around her and softly caressed her back.
“What’s this all about?” 
She laid her head upon his shoulder and sighed, “I’m sorry. I’ve tried, I really have…”
“There’s no need to apologize...” 
“No,” she quickly added, “It’s just…well…” She looked up and meekly groaned. Placing her hand over his, and smiling, she looked away a second and collected her thoughts, before turning back to him. 
She had to make a choice, she thought, and she had to do it now. She sat up and folded her legs beneath her and took Johann’s hand firmly in hers. After one last deep breath, she began to tell him the truth. 
“I have something to tell you…and if you don’t want to hear it, I’ll understand. But, the truth is I need to…confide…in someone. Someone I can trust.” 
She peered into Joann’s eyes trying to discern any sign of doubt or suspicion. He smiled and nodded.  “Okay.” He stated matter-of-factly. “But do you think I can get a glass of wine first? He started making a smacking sound with his with tongue. “My mouth is all pasty-like.”
She smiled and ruffled his hair. “Of course…and bring me one, too.”
Johann got up and grabbed a bottle of wine and presented it to her. They both took small drinks directly from the bottle. He leaned back against the headboard and stared at her awesome beauty in the moonlight. For the first time in his life he felt genuinely lucky.
“Well,” Rita sighed, “I was a student, at Valdorlok University; I was majoring in political science with a minor in communications. Anyway, one day…”
She paused and stared downward. Johann noticed that she was fiddling with a line of stitching on the blanket, but he had a suspicion that her mind was consumed with something that was far more important than cloth and thread. He leaned forward and lightly touched her hands.  She looked up at him and resumed her story.
“Just a few months ago…I heard news that Governor Gulag had ordered my family and our neighbors to move from their farmlands…which were just down river from here. When I heard this, I rode as fast as I could home. But…when I finally arrived there…” She bowed her head and gripped Johann’s hands tightly. Her voice lowered to a whisper. “Many of the families had left everything behind…they had fled in fear…with nearly nothing, but their lives. My parents, and a few others, though, refused to leave and…and…he killed them.” She lifted her tear-filled eyes to look into his. He started to lightly rub her back.  “He killed them all…and then burnt their homes to the ground. He…he…just left them there…lying upon the ground…”
She buried her head into his shoulder and began to cry. 
“Oh, I’m so sorry,” Johann whispered, “I’ve been making jokes and…I didn’t have the faintest idea how much pain you’re in.” He put his arms around her and held her tight. 
“No, Johann…you’ve been such a great comfort to me…” She suddenly put her arms around him and held him so tight that Johann could barely breathe. Tears filled her eyes as she softly whispered in his ear. “You’ve…made me…feel…again. You’ve made me feel…alive again.” 
She slowly released him and held his face in her soft, pale hands. “It’s been…so very, very difficult…going through …all of this all alone.”
He wiped the tears from her eyes and moved a few strands of hair away from her face. “I lost my parents at an early age…but, I still had my younger brother to take care of, though,” he whispered, “But, when he died…well, I kind of kept to myself. I became quite solitary, y’know? I spent most of my time in the swamps and forests and away from people.”
“Yes,” Rita replied emphatically, “I did the same thing. It was like I was filled with so much sorrow and…and hatred…that I slowly disappeared from the world.” She lifted her head and kissed him again. Her hand ran through his ruffled scalp. She then leaned back a little and whispered, “Johann…I have more to tell you…” Her hand touched his cheek as she began to frown. “I’m not really an employee here…”
“Aw,” Johann smiled, “I don’t really care much about people’s career choices…”
“No, like I said, I’m actually a student…was…. I bought a server’s outfit in order to get into the castle. Y’see I’m on a sort of…quest…myself.”
Johann leaned back and gave Rita a slightly irritated look. “Hold on, I’m sorry, but I’m kinda booked-up on the whole quest thingy’s. One quest at a time, y’know?” 
Rita lifted up and gazed into his disbelieving orbs. “I’m going to kill the governor, before the sun rises. I’m going to avenge the death of my parents.”
He leaned back a little more, wondering — or maybe more like hoping — that this was some type of an attempt at humor. He immediately realized, by the serious nature of her voice and expression, that it wasn’t. 
“That might shake things up a bit...” he worried. He then frowned and stood up and placed his hands upon his sides. “So…all this was a ruse, huh? You just pretended to like me and come up to my room, so that you could get close to the governor’s bedchambers, right?”
Rita’s face covered with a scowl. She leaped up and lightly slapped him in the jaw. “Of course not! What kind of woman do you think I am?”
Johann took a step back, rubbing his jaw, “I don’t know…the kind that plots the assassination of a major government official?”
Rita shushed him and put her arms around his shoulders. “I’m sorry…I’m so sorry…” she looked again into his eyes, and spoke softly, “The truth is…yes…when I found out you were given a room, well, I used that to my advantage. As far as everything else….” Her eyes lifted and she started to smile, “Johann, I do like you. You’re funny and cute, in an unkempt sort of way…but the truth is that I’ve always had a thing for scruffy men...”
Johann smiled, as Rita looked away and began to mumble, “It’s all probably due to a deep-seated character defect, I’m sure, and one which could most certainly be traced back to my relationship with my father, who was quite a fastidious and tidy sort of male role-model.” She blinked several times and frowned a little before turning back to look upon his empathetic mug. 
“But, Johann, the time that we’ve spent together has made me feel…happy again, and it has been so long since I’ve known that feeling, that I almost didn’t recognize it when it returned.” She kissed him again and smiled, but her eyes began to fill with tears, and her lips slowly quivered into a pout. “I’ve been so consumed with thoughts of hatred and revenge…and…” she raised her chin and pleaded with her eyes. “I just want you to know that I wasn’t intentionally leading you on. My desire is for…us…” she suddenly blushed and started to bite her lip while looking down at her feet.
Johann put his arms around her and said, “You’ve been through a lot…and I have some idea of how painful it must be to go through all this alone.”
Rita looked over his shoulder peered out the window. “There’s more…to the story…” she solemnly stated.
Johann’s eyes rolled upward. “I kind of thought there would be…”
 “After the governor killed those that wouldn’t leave, he evidently took their children captive. Rumor has it that he is planning on giving them to a Mediterranean slave-trader who has already given Gulag several thousand pieces of gold as an advance. That’s how he afforded the building of his villa.”
Johann leaned back looked upon her with shock and horror. “My God! He truly is one evil freaking bastard!”
“Yes. He deserves the most horrible death I can possibly imagine…and I’ve been imagining some pretty horrible ones lately.” She quickly traipsed over to her knapsack and lifted her dagger into the air.  “I’m gonna slice his throat tonight, and then ride to his villa and release my sister.” Her face became terrible and pitiless and Johann had to look away.
“You sure she’s there?” he asked.
“Yes. Most of the people here in Carbuckle know of his cruelty. They despise him, but he is a Cornswallow, and Vespius’ cousin. There is no way to stop him…except with a dagger across his jugular.”
Johann let a low hum escape and then knelt down in front of Rita. He carefully withdrew the dagger from her grip and placed it back in the knapsack. He took hold of her hands in his and stared up at her anger-filled eyes. “Listen, there is no doubt that he deserves to die a horrible, prolonged death, and if you desire it to be at your hands, well, so be it. But, if I may, I would like to suggest that…when it comes to this quest of yours to kill Gulag and then rescue your sister…” He rose up and slowly nodded his head, emphasizing each word, “Well, how about we do the second part first?”
“We…?” Rita asked.
“Yea, I’ll help you with the rescue of your sister.” Johann replied, a faint smile crossing his lips. “Then, once she is safe…you can decide on whether or not you wish to carry out the assassination.”
“Do the second part, first?”
“Yea.”
Rita looked back and forth. She sighed. “But, I might not get a chance like this again...”
“If you fail, or are discovered…your sister might never be rescued.”
Rita put her arms around his neck and started to smile. “You will help me?”
He looked about, and felt that same feeling he had when Oldsmobill had asked him to accompany him to Fouldune. He smirked, remembering that day and how he was initially worried about what he getting himself into, but how he would not have changed that decision now for anything in the world. 
He looked into her eyes and with firm resignation in his voice, said simply:
“Yes...I will.”




Chapter Nine: The Legend of the Dung Stone


‘And Vas Deferen the Great, his belly full of lima beans and dried onion-like snacks, did gaze upon the Mausoleum of Slorsh, and seeing that its proportions were relative to its uncircumcised perpendicular verticality, did smile and say unto the gathered munchkins: “Let it be written that I, Vas Deferen of Vermillion, did conquer this city with one hand tied around my back, and now, do claim this stone as my booty and pillaged plunder, and I will weep no more, for my tear ducts have been fused shut by means of a highly unpredictable plastic surgeon and his stubborn use of sharpened pine cones as surgical instruments.”
And Vas Deferen the Great, whose complexion was like that of slightly-toasted opossum tails, and whose armor was painted a matte boysenberry hue, did approach the mausoleum’s gates, and after removing his shoes and emptying the several voles and shrews that took refuge in his footwear, did sprinkle the varmints mightily with talcum and fungicide powders, and blessed them, saying: “Go forth and reproduce in small crevices and languid pieces of shrubbery, and multiply your kind unto your own kind behind concrete bird feeders and moldy wicker furniture settings. And fear not! For the giant pink flamingo in the front yard is not real, but is only made of plastic! And it has been set upon this garden for the neighbors to peruse and criticize during their Saturday evening picnics and house-warming get-togethers.”
And the great king entered the grand palace, and blessed the recently waxed floors with his pink and blue support hose, which he always wore in battle to ward off the ill effects of his pulsating varicose veins. And he did walk down the great palisade, which was aligned with two rows of mumbling priests, all decked-out in their favorite Vegas showgirl regalia, with large purple plumes rising out of their heads and multi-colored thongs, and high-heeled, toeless footwear, and jewel-encrusted pasties. And they mumbled in their madness, for they had lived too long near the stone and the many visions it produced did hold their brain stems in the mandibles of its insect-headed, power-washer assembly. And their lips quivered and puckered and curled and produced large amounts of saliva, which dribbled off their razor-nicked chins and wiggled to the floor like crystalline tadpoles looking for a dinner tab.
And Vas Deferen did approach the stone at the end of the hall, and did look upon its magnificence, as it was sitting on a large pillow of crushed velvet and surrounded by many packages of mail-order cheese assortments. And as he drew nearer, he felt a throbbing inside his red-haired balloon, which sat on his shoulders like a beach ball stuck in the middle of a seesaw. And his eyes widened and he was much vexed. And he raised his hairy arms toward the stone and said only: “Alleee, Alleee-ops in freee! My God! It’s full of stars!”
And he did grab hold of the stone, and his head immediately pivoted upon its axis, and his hair did smolder and it smelled like burnt rubber or a moldy caribou that has caught fire in a large vat of petroleum jelly, and his body did shake, rattle, and even roll. And his legs vibrated like two large harp strings that had been plucked by god’s thimbled fingers, before they started to do the moonwalk.
And his eyes suddenly rolled into back of his head, just to see if his brain was still there.
And the great king jumped about and let out many bellows and high-pitched shrieks and his bottom lip did quiver rapidly and he spoke, saying: ‘Hobbida-hobbida-hobbida-hobbida…”
And Vas Deferen the Great, did then collapse upon the ground, and dropped the stone, and it did roll about for some time before finally stopping upon a sewage grate. And Vas Deferen’s men, dressed in their ceremonial pajamas, did pick up his slumped body and did drag him out of the hall by his bunion-covered feet and did take him from that place and quickly took him to another place which was determined solely by the location of his bed. And the stone was placed back on its pedestal by means of a priest armed with a large pair of tongs. And the priests all gathered round about the stone and seeing that it was well-placed and surrounded nicely by the cheese assortments did then firmly grab their testicles and began to sing:

“Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the grilling tongs…”

As it was written, as it was, or thereabouts, for I missed the whole ordeal due to a dentist appointment…’

-- The Book of Jasper, 4:17


As the first rays of sunlight fell upon Carbuckle Castle, it cast the shimmering monument in a glow of pale yellow radiance. Roosters crowed from the surrounding streets and thatched roofs. Birds chirped and dogs barked. Old women stood in windows and dumped the contents of their chamber pots out into the street.
The remaining crew of the Key Largo: Cap’n Kidneybean, Sloop, and Ishmael, all woke up inside a dumpster beside the castle’s kitchen-door ― after being swept up with the rest of the trash earlier that night.
Ishmael never even noticed that his surroundings had changed.
Olds woke up just before seven bells and was able to avoid the large ‘alarm-clocker’ named Pumice. He passed her on his way out the door. She was bounding down the hallway with a large bucket of water and a bullwhip.
After a light breakfast ― from the complimentary ‘continental breakfast bar’ located in the castle’s lobby ― Olds walked down to the stables. When the eighth bell had sounded from the nearby chapel, the servant Bugaboo lumbered up to him and said: “I’m sorry sir, but we can’t find him anywhere. He’s not in his room or in the public lavatory. We had Pumice thoroughly search every inch of the place…and she is quite thorough in such efforts...but even she couldn’t find him. However, she did manage to discover a cartload of luggage that’s been missing for several weeks.”
Olds sighed, and left a note with Bugaboo to give to Johann if they ever found the little Timbrookian. Bugaboo apologized again, while Olds looked up and whispered, “For all I know, he may be trying to impress that girl he was with… and probably out looking for a cow to wrestle….”
That, however, couldn’t have been further from the truth.
For Johann, at that particular moment, was only a mile or so away, and bouncing up and down  on top of a horse’s rump, and he was not attempting to wrestle the animal, but was trying his best to stay upon it. Rita sat in the saddle in front of him; her eyes were focused on the road ahead. Her hands were clenched around the horse’s reins, while his were busy holding onto her waist for dear life.  This task would have been a bit easier to accomplish if it wasn’t for the fact that he not only had his rather large backpack and duffle bag strapped to his back, but Rita’s large knapsack as well. He felt like an overloaded prospector’s donkey.
His spirits soon rose, however, with each gallop of the horse’s hoofs. For, even though he had never ridden a horse before, nor had ever even been on one, he found his present position ― firmly pressed against Rita’s back and backside — combined with the rhythmic strides of the horse, and the undulating movements of their joined bodies upon the steed — filled him with a rather enjoyable sensation. It was so enjoyable, in fact, that Johann beamed like an idiot during most of the journey.
“You think you could get this horse to speed up a little…just for a minute or so?” he asked.
Rita glanced over her shoulder and started to laugh. It was quite obvious to her that Johann was more than just a little excited, but she didn’t think it was due to the fact that he had never ridden a horse before.
Her eyes narrowed as they approached the top of a hill and she looked down and saw the walls of the governor’s villa extend from behind a grove of trees. Her jaw tightened as she viewed the expansive complex. The central buildings were surrounded by an extensive vineyard that were ultimately contained by ten-foot high walls.
Rita sadly moaned as she looked upon the magnificent estate, but her eyes soon glazed over again with rage and determination. She turned her head again and said to Johann, “We’re almost there.”
Johann’s eyes lifted up into his half-closed eyelids. He continued to grin broadly and blithely, while holding her even tighter. “Yea, I was about to say the same thing…”
She steered the horse off the road and into a small grove near one of the estate’s outer barriers. Once there, she dismounted and quickly tied the horse to a tree. She then surveyed the area for a few minutes before beginning to climb up a large maple. Johann looked on, still sitting on the horse’s backside, and waiting for his heart to slow a few beats per minute.
Rita quickly ascended the branches of the tree. She was wearing the black leather outfit she had once used to disguise herself as a man, but without the fake beard. Johann watched her begin climbing out upon a large limb of the maple and he deeply wished that she had kept the server’s dress on. But, he figured, if that was the case, he might never be able to get down off the horse.
Eventually, though, as his excitement slowly calmed, he did jump down and make his way over to the tree. Looking up he saw Rita crouched upon the limb and peering intensely beyond the high retaining wall of the villa. She looked down and whispered, “The place looks empty. Maybe the guards are still asleep.”
“Yea, or eating breakfast,” Johann replied. He rubbed his belly and thought of scrambled eggs and bacon. He looked back up at Rita’s shapely bottom and started thinking of something else. He slapped himself in the side of the head and whispered, “Focus…focus…I gotta stay focused…”
After Rita had climbed down, she pulled a small sword out of her saddle bag and handed it over to Johann. “Take this…you do know how to use it, right?”
 He moved the sword around in his hands and replied, “Yea, I swings it around until I hits something.”
“Good enough, I guess,” she retorted, while rolling her eyes. She then led Johann through the grove of trees until they came up against one of the villa’s walls. Rita ran down the line of stone until she found a suitable tree and said, “Yes! This one will most certainly do. Okay…we’ll climb this tree and venture out along that branch,” she declared while pointing upward, “Then…we’ll drop on the top of the wall, and then onto  the ground.”
“Check.”
“As soon as we hit the ground, head for the main building,” Rita asserted. She started to climb up the tree and said, “Keep behind me and stay alert.”
Johann smiled a huge grin and smirked, “Oh! I’ve been quite content with that position during the entire trip.”

*****

As the morning sun began to rise over the valley, the line of Royal Guardsmen galloped at a slow, but steady pace down the Old Road. Oldsmobill was riding a black charger a few lengths behind Crown Prince Vespius and General Reaver. The blondish-haired knight-errant had been given a nicely-made black, silk shirt, a long black cloak, and a pair of black, leather pants. His resemblance to a rock star was strictly coincidental.  He was offered a handsome pair of black leather boots, but he declined those, preferring his own armored boots instead. All of his other meager possession were put into a duffle bag and tied to the saddle of his horse. The sword he had gotten from the bandits in Fouldune stuck out of the side of the duffle like a large olive skewer.
After an hour or so of riding, the company slowed their horses to a steady trot. The crown prince looked back and motioned Oldsmobill forward to ride alongside him, while General Reaver, and the rest of the squadron, moved their horses a few lengths away from the two — allowing a gap in the dark line of riders in front of, and behind, the prince and Olds. Vespius wanted their conversation to be somewhat private.
General Reaver stared hard at Oldsmobill — studying his every feature carefully. Olds could feel the examination of his eyes, so much so, that he glanced back and met the general’s intense gaze, before turning his eyes back to the prince. Vespius meanwhile, scanned the surrounding countryside with a calm demeanor, and an unemotional expression upon his pale-skinned mug.
There were farmlands to the right. To the left was a forest, but not as thick as that which surrounded the Fouldune and Timbrook areas. To the south, beyond a grove of trees, Oldsmobill spied the outline of Governor Gulag’s villa. The surrounding vineyard and walls slowly descended to the banks of the Mea Culpa. Olds continue to stare at the structures and felt a strange feeling encompass his mind. He couldn’t quite nail it down, but the sight of the villa continued to intrigue him, oddly, as if it meant something, but he couldn’t figure out exactly what.
 “Did you sleep well, Oldsmobill?” the prince asked, breaking the trance-like state Olds was in.
“Yes, quite, thank you, your highness,” Olds replied.
“Very good.” Vespius said, slightly turning in his saddle to face his guest. Olds noticed that the prince had an air of authority about him ― subtle, but always present. His chin always appeared somewhat elevated, as if he was constantly aware of its angle. His words seemed carefully chosen before the breath needed to produce them ever left his lungs. He carried himself as if he knew that he was always being watched and studied, and had, over time, grown accustomed to it. 
Olds didn’t care for the way the prince smiled or laughed, though. They seemed rather fake and vacant. He still didn’t trust him. 
“This is a beautiful journey, toward Rottweillor, the most beautiful part of the kingdom,” Vespius laughed his phony laugh again, “that’s just my opinion of course.” He looked ahead, and asked in a casual way, “So, Oldsmobill, tell me a little about yourself. Where are you from…what have you been doing? That sort of thing.”
Olds glanced over at Vespius for just for a second. “I’m from Pooch, Allegoria,” he said.
“Oh, Pooch! A wonderful area. Count Vacuous was an acquaintance of my father’s.”
“Yes. I haven’t been there in a while, though,” Olds added.
“Well, we have a newly installed governor there, Persyphilus Spearshook, is his name. He seems quite capable…but the area has fallen under hard times, I’m afraid.”
“Yes.”
“Count Vacuous, unfortunately, depleted the place. Too many taxes, a hard line government, corruption, and of course, he spent everything he received from the people on himself, his court, and his army.”
“The military ran everything. I don’t think Vacuous cared much about anything beyond that.”
“Yes. You are probably right, Oldsmobill. There’s a lesson to be learned from that. Vacuous was always trying to take over King Piddy’s control of the eastern part of Allegoria. He was very aggressive until the Battle of Cow-Pie Knoll.”
“Yes…” Olds replied. The angular-faced trooper knew all too well the outcome of that particular battle ― for he had been there ― but he didn’t mention that to Vespius. He squinted and looked to his left, where a small cottage stood against a line of trees. A man dressed in rags, was busy chopping wood before stopping long enough to gaze at the line of passing horsemen. 
“So, what are you doing in these lands, Oldsmobill?” Vespius asked, again slithering the ‘s.’ 
“Well, my friend Johann and I were hunting in the forests north of Fouldune…collecting skins, pelts, and living off the land…”
“Oh, hunters, huh? Well, that must have been quite exciting.” Vespius smiled. “I used to dream of being one of those ‘ranger types’ and living in the forests…surviving on just my instincts and nature’s wonderful bounty…” Vespius started to laugh, “Perhaps I glorified such a life a bit too much. Of course, it is much harder in reality, as you must very well know.”
“Uh-huh.”
“So, how did a hunter wind up on a boat bound for Rottweillor?”
“Well, we were in a pub in Fouldune, just having a couple of ales, and the captain walked in and said he needed some deckhands.”
“Oh, right…that rather odd fellow,” Vespius replied half-heartedly, “I don’t think I would have ever signed up for such a journey with that character, myself.” He smirked, and added. “No offense, of course, he seems like a good soul, I suppose.”
Olds started to grin, still staring at his horse’s mane. “They are all quite interesting people, enjoyable really, a few idiosyncrasies, but, well, we had a nice adventure, traveling down the Mea Culpa.”
“Yes, I see,” Vespius answered. He rubbed his jaw and glanced upward as if working something out inside his head. “So, what now, Oldsmobill? Any plans for the future? Or do you wish to continue your life on the river?”
Olds lifted his jaw and looked straight ahead. He frowned a little. He had decided the night before that evasion might be the best technique when dealing with Prince Vespius. “Truthfully, I’m not real sure,” he replied.
The prince hummed in response. He could spot an evasive answer from a mile away. 
“Oldsmobill, why do you think I wanted to speak to you?”
The knight-errant looked over at him. “I’ve been asking myself that since last night, sir.”
“Surely, you have some idea?”
“No, sir,” Olds replied. He slowly turned his head from side to side, but the act didn’t fool Vespius, and he began to grimace.
“My father is king of these lands, but it is I that must rule over them. I must do his work for him, because he has taken ill. This is my burden…my responsibility. I must not fail him or his subjects.”
“Pardon me for asking, sir, but…well, I’m not really up on current events…I’ve been kind of living outside of the loop for a while now, as it were…”
“Oh, yes. I understand.” Vespius chuckled in a somewhat disdainful way, “Allegorians have never been devout followers of what happens on this side of the mountains.” 
“Heh, yea…” Olds answered, but then cleared his throat, and in a lower tone of concern asked, “You said something happened to your father?” 
Vespius looked away. The move was a bit too dramatic for Olds’ tastes and his eyes narrowed slightly. The prince stiffened his lip and stared upon the road ahead.
“After his success at the Battle of Tarmac Plains, he celebrated the victory by arranging a large hunting expedition for his family and friends. Unfortunately, he fell from his horse during the event and was badly injured.”
“Sorry to hear that, m’lord.” 
“Yes, it was quite…unfortunate. He was…is…a great man.” Vespius turned and stared into the forest upon his right. “However, it is up to me to make sure that his legacy lasts far beyond any of our years. That is my charge…or burden, perhaps, depending on how you look at it, I suppose. The thing is, Oldsmobill, I am alone in this mission. My older brother died tragically when I was quite young, and just a few years ago, my mother passed away after a prolonged illness. Now, my father…is…incapable…of holding together the kingdom he fought so hard to unite.”
Olds gazed upon Vespius with a look of sincere concern, and Vespius noticed this. He spoke, in a somewhat softer and persuasive voice, “This is my mission, Oldsmobill, to secure my father’s kingdom, and to ensure the protection of its many lords, citizens, and tracts of land. I must admit, it is sometimes a horrible weight to have to carry.” 
“Yes, I suppose it is…”
“However, this is what I was born to do. I cannot fail. I must make sure that I safeguard the future…” Vespius slowly waved his hand through the air, “…for every person and acre in my sovereignty.” He looked over again at Olds, and added, “In order to do that, I must be able to discern, with any possible means available, what that future might hold.” 
Vespius waited for a reaction from Olds, and he studied the blonde-haired man’s face intently, looking for any clue as to what he was thinking. When he detected nothing, he slowly inhaled and tried a more direct approach. “Do you see where I’m going with this, Oldsmobill?”
Olds looked over at the crown prince. “I’m not sure, sir.”
Vespius leaned back on his horse and sighed. “Oh, I think you do Oldsmobill. I think you do.”

*****

Johann peered inside the window for a few seconds and then ducked down beneath it. “Looks clear,” he said. 
Rita then looked inside. Her eyes darted back and forth. She crouched back down, looked to Johann, and asked, “How about a lift up?”
Johann stuck out his clasped hands and she placed her boot upon them. He lifted her up and into the window. Her bottom rested a second or two upon his forehead which made him grin again.
After she made her way in, she grabbed his hand and helped him scurry up the wall. Once both were inside, Johann suddenly grabbed her shoulders and gave her a big kiss. She seemed a bit dazed. He smiled, “I just felt like that needed to be said,” he whispered.
She lightly touched his cheek with a gloved hand and stared into his twinkling orbs. “Yes…but do try and stay focused.”
The two started creeping down a marbled hall. The walls were adorned with paintings and tapestries down its entire length. A small torch flickered at the end of the hall, where it appeared the passageway turned leftward. As they neared the torch, Rita spied a door and peeked inside. She saw a man in a long nightgown sleeping in a chair. A half-eaten sandwich lay upon his heaving gut. A large jug lay near his feet. 
She slowly closed the door and continued tippy-toeing on down the hall. After peering around the corner, they snuck down the left passage and before long neared the end of the corridor. Suddenly, hearing approaching footsteps, they quickly ducked inside a linen closet. 
They both held their breath as the footsteps grew louder and louder. Johann crossed his fingers, hoping that whoever it was didn’t need a towel or dinner napkin. Rita peered out between the gap above the door’s hinges and caught a glimpse of a figure pass by. After a few seconds, Johann edged the door open and peeked out. He spied a thin woman ambling down the hall. She was carrying a bucket of water and a large tray of food. She soon disappeared inside another door at the end of the hall. 
Johann took a big whiff and smelled the breakfast. He smiled and looked back at Rita. “Let’s follow her.” 
The two did just that, and after gingerly opening the same door the woman went in, looked upon a staircase leading downward.
“This way,” Johann whispered, after taking another big whiff.
Rita frowned, but felt they were indeed on the right track, so she nodded and they both began sneaking down the dark stairway. At the bottom of the stairs was a large wooden door, slightly ajar. The inner room glowed with torchlight.
They heard the sounds of metal locks being opened from behind the door. Rita took a couple of steps and peered inside. A few seconds later, Johann knelt down and looked inside the doorway between her two boots.
He saw a large metal cage inside a room of roughly carved stone. There were no windows, only a small torch upon one of the walls outside the cage. The woman with the bucket was pouring water into another larger container through an opening in the bars. The tray of food sat upon a small table inside the cell. She then lifted the grate that allowed access to the table and latched it back in place. Inside the cage — dressed in rags and covered in dirt, and sitting around the walls or lying in small cots — were several young children. Their faces were filled with sadness and fear, as a few of them gingerly moved to the food and water.
The woman then turned, and without saying a word, or even acknowledging the presence of the morose group of young boys and girls, started walking back to the entrance. 
Just as she tugged upon the doorknob, she glimpsed a man’s hand reach out of the darkness and abruptly cover her mouth. She voiced a muffled cry as her eyes darted about in sheer terror. The empty bucket she was holding fell from her hands. She looked down and saw a shining blade poised in front of her neck.
“Shhh,” Johann whispered into ear, “Not a sound, or it’ll be your last.” 
Her eyes darted to her left as another hand pulled the keys from her hand and whisked over to the cage. Johann led the woman back, and with the sole of his shoe, he slowly closed the door behind him. “Just stay calm and everything will be alright,” he whispered.
Rita fumbled with the keys to the cell, while looking upon the children’s faces. “Maria?” she whispered, “Maria?”
The children started to move toward her. They were covered in tattered rags. Their hair was matted and stringy. Their sullied faces brightened as they looked to her with anxious curiosity. Their little hands began to reach to her. Their eyes widened. Their lips quivered. 
“Rita?” one of them stepped forward and asked. The little girl’s face was covered with black smudges, but her bright jade eyes sparkled in recognition of her sister.
“Maria!” Rita repeated in loud whisper. The small girl ran to the grate and reached her hands to her. “Oh, Ree-tee! I knew you’d come. I just knew it!”
“Shhh...everything is going to be all right, sis. All of you…stay quiet and we’ll get you out of here.”
Rita finally found the right key and opened the door. Her sister and the other children quickly gathered around her and began hugging and reaching out to her. She lifted her sister up and firmly held her in her arms. They both began to cry. 
Johann’s eyes started to water as he looked upon the reunion. He felt his captive’s breath against his palm, and after a quick glance down at her, looked back at Rita and the children, and began to smile.

*****

Vespius and company rode up a bit of an incline in the road, and then down into a valley. Halfway through the green and gold expanse, they crossed an old wooden bridge, before delving into another deep forest. A slight breeze blew in from the west and cooled them in the shadows of the trees as they continued their slow journey eastward. 
“I understand,” Vespius spoke suddenly, “that you probably don’t fully trust me, but I can assure you that my primary concern is for the health and well-being of my subjects…that, and the preservation of my family’s name.” Vespius glanced over at him for a reaction. 
Olds was staring straight ahead, deep in thought. “I still do not know what that has to do with me?”
Vespius laughed. He slapped his thigh strictly for effect. “Oh, Oldsmobill, you are a coy type, no doubt!”
He looked upon the prince with a mixture of wariness and puzzlement. Vespius eyed his expression and continued laughing, but not as loud as before. “Please, don’t tell me that you really don’t have any idea why you’re here.”
“No...” Olds replied. 
“What do you know of…the stone, Oldsmobill?”
“What stone?” 
“The stone.” Vespius repeated, emphasizing both words again with a nod of his head. Olds didn’t answer. He just leaned back in his saddle. 
Vespius sighed and smiled. “The stone…that allows a person to see into the past, the present, and even into the future. Sometimes very far into the future. The stone that has turned several men’s brains into mush, and enlightened others. The stone that has moved about this world since mankind can remember, and has, in sometimes very subtle ways, influenced our history.” Vespius looked down the road, and after a few seconds of silence added, “The stone…that was once given to a magician to safeguard, and who did so in a tower on Gagglehorn Mountain, along with his three blind sisters. Three so-called ‘witches’, who much later, in the company of a bright, young man, sprinkled a pinch of its dust upon a bowl of…” he paused, thinking intently, trying to remember what he had read from Bishop Lamprey’s writings.
“Porridge,” Olds plainly answered. 
Vespius looked over at him and smiled, “Yes. Porridge. That was it, wasn’t it?”
“Yes,” Olds replied, staring at his horse’s mane again. “They kept the dust in a jar, along with some pencil shavings.”
“Yes. Really? I didn’t know that part. Tell me Oldsmobill, I must know, did you eat it?”
“Yes. Well, one spoonful.”
“Really?” Vespius slowed his horse a little. His eyes widened, “Tell me, what did you see?”
Olds’ expression changed to one of slight embarrassment. He lifted his eyes and looked over at Vespius. The prince’s face was filled with excitement, much as it had been when he was on the Key Largo, waiting to look at the cargo. 
Oldsmobill bowed his head and tightened his lips. “I saw…a lot of things…most of which I still don’t understand.”
“Like what? Please tell me.”
“All types of images, they hit me so fast, that I really couldn’t comprehend them all.”
Vespius leaned back, considerably disappointed. He grunted. 
Olds looked over at him again, “How do you know about that?”
Vespius then smiled. His eyes began to twinkle in the midday sun. “When the stone was at Gagglehorn, a young Bishop of the Roman Church was sent there to inspect the accompanying monastery. While there, he found out that the stone was being kept in a tower to the east, and after collecting as much information as he could, went to see it. Everyone tried to talk him out of it, especially after what had happened to Vas Deferen the Great many years before. But, he persisted, and eventually…he did see it. This Bishop, being the pious and godly man that he was, thought that it could not possibly do him any harm. In fact, he was of the belief that the stone would turn him into a prophet. So, before his tour ended, he ran up to it, and before anyone could stop him, placed his hand upon it and firmly grasped it for a few brief minutes. No one dared to touch him while he held on to the stone. Then, he finally collapsed.
“That Bishop’s name was Edward Lamprey. He has, to this day, done nothing but write down all the things he has seen and continues to see. He lives like a hermit in a small cottage near Walder, and spends nearly every second, of every day, being bombarded with images…of the past and the present and the future. All at once, it seems. So, he writes it all down, and I have had the opportunity to read many of these writings…quite a lot…actually, and although they are almost totally indiscernible, there are names and places that are often repeated.”
Vespius slowed his horse and leaned forward in the saddle. “One of the names mentioned is “Oldsmobill.”

****

“Verily, Verily, I say unto you as it was told to me. That the stone did pass from sea to sea, and from hand to hand, and back again. From land to land and back again. Until that day, that fateful day — it came to me.
Stuck in a cave and discovered there, by ape-like men and worshipped there, by soldiering men, who fought for it there, and after all this — it came to me.
Stuck in a cave and brought into the light, and placed on a pedestal while armies took to fight, and then it was taken to Rome and the Caesars did see, what it told them to be, and then, at last — it came to me.
And Rome was sacked and the stone was took, back to the old place, back to that dark nook, and left there again, for no one to see, then, at last — it came to me.
And many kings and warriors died, many cried, but the stone still hides, in a cave and then in a hall, and then brought closer to me, as their kingdoms did fall.
And then to Bartok, where they built a place, to worship it, and keep it safe, and Vas Deferen the Great saw it face to face, and fell to his knees with all that he had seen. And then taken to a tower, on a mountain so steep, and tomorrow, I go to it, and finally see, why after all this time — it came to me.”

--- Bishop Edward Lamprey

****

Oldsmobill stared at Vespius. “You found my name in his writings?” he asked.
“Yes,” Vespius replied. “You see, any investigation of the documents requires considerable patience. There are so many names and places contained in them, and they’re all jumbled about. However I was able to use the three blind sisters as my starting point, that, and their brother’s name… as well as his apprentice…uh, ‘Batesman’, if my memory serves me.”
Oldsmobill, now deeply puzzled, wondered exactly what Vespius knew about him. Or, perhaps, would soon know. He almost told him that he was an apprentice to ‘The Batesman’, but decided at the last moment to hold his tongue. Vespius continued talking. He explained how he, by singling out phrases like ‘three blind sisters’ and ‘three blind witches’ from the text, was able to find that Oldsmobill’s name was often connected to them. But, Olds noticed, he didn’t mention the connection between Oldsmobill and Master Bates.
“What do these writings say about me?” Olds asked.
“Again, discovering anything of value is a difficult task, but your name was mentioned in regards to the three witches and the bowl of porridge they gave you.”
“Is that all?”
“Pretty much, yes.” Vespius lied at this point, choosing to keep his cards close to his chest. “Like I said, I was only trying to work my way outward from certain phrases or lines…that connection led me to your name.”
What Vespius chose not to tell Olds at this point was that he noticed his name in the writings far more than just in its connection to the three blind sisters, for, several times he had discovered phrases such as “…the stronghold that Oldsmobill built…” and, “…Oldsmobill marched toward Walder…” and, the most frightening to Vespius: “…the one called Oldsmobill ripped the Cornswallow insignia to shreds…”

“You must remember,” Vespius continued, “that most of Bishop Lamprey’s writings are quite, well, indecipherable. They go from one time and place to another, and then to another, and while reading them, one is not sure if he’s talking about the future, the distant future, or the distant past.” He looked over at Oldsmobill, and saw that he was genuinely interested in every word that he was saying. Vespius leaned toward him a bit, and smiled. “When we get to the castle, I’ll show you some of these writings. You might find them very interesting.”
“I would very much like that,” Olds replied. 
Vespius then whispered, “Perhaps…you can help me in my quest.” 
“Quest?” Olds eagerly asked.
“My quest…to provide a future for my people and my family’s name,” Vespius replied.
“Yes, I see.” Olds took a deep breath and decided to play along. “It would be my pleasure,” he said. 
Upon hearing that, Vespius’ chin raised a little and he smiled. 
The caravan made its way out of the woodlands and into a beautiful valley that slowly ascended to the foothills of the Arkalee: a line of high hills that separated the northern area containing Rottweillor, from the rest of the lower Mea Culpa valley. A large herd of sheep were grazing to the south and a couple of shepherds roamed about the outskirts of the herd, shouting commands and whistling to the several dogs they used to control the herd’s movement.
“What more do you know about this stone?” Olds suddenly asked. Vespius continued to look upon the herd. Olds added: “I mean, it seems like you know a lot about it.”
Vespius sighed. “Truth of the matter is,” he turned to Olds, “I probably spend too much time on the subject.”
Olds nodded, “I’ve heard a little about it…” he stopped abruptly ― maybe a bit too abruptly, and he looked to see if Vespius’ expression changed, before quickly following with: “I mean, there’s so many myths and legends…who can tell what the truth about it is?”
 “Yes, but there is some truth to be found in some of those myths…and legends…and old wives’ tales.” Vespius rubbed his chin with a black, gloved hand. “It has many names, “The Stone of Gagglehorn”, “The Stone of Markawn”, “The King’s Stone”, “The Caesar’s Stone”, and many others…wherever it has been, it seems to have taken that place’s name. Others call it “The Vision Stone,” for obvious reasons, but the name I prefer, and which Jasper calls it, is “The Dung Stone.”
“Now, Jasper, in his great book, calls it this because of an ancient legend, that the stone is not really a stone at all, but is in fact, a piece of petrified dragon’s dung.”
Olds started laughing, but soon grew more serious. “You mean I ate dragon’s dung dust?”
Vespius now started laughing as well. “It would appear so.”
“Heh…imagine that.” 
“Well, my friend, if it is any consolation, Jasper may have been wrong about the whole thing. A book by Veligree claims that the stone fell from the sky…that is why he considered it a gift from God.”
“Really?”
“Yes, though his writings have almost all been destroyed by the Holy Church, he believed that it was given to mankind so that we may fully understand how God’s plan for this world will unfold. He called it a ‘tool for the prophets.’ Of course, his views were not very popular, and I believe he was actually killed for them.”
“I see.”
“The stone was originally, as best as I can tell, discovered in a cave in Gaul, and worshipped there, and there are legends that several tribal priests were heavily affected by the stone and they led many ceremonies by the cave entrance. The entire place, to this day is considered to be a holy site by those in the area.”
“When the Romans conquered Gaul, they brought the stone to a temple in Ostia, not far from Rome, for it was considered a very valuable icon, but they didn’t understand its power. The Roman leader Caligula, it is written, was the first to visit it, and he must have come into close contact with it, for soon after, he had a nervous breakdown, and started seeing amazing visions, so much so that he came to believe that he was god incarnate.”
“A few other Caesars visited it also, and…well, actually fared little better. It seems that the stone had a part to play in the eventual downfall of the empire. This amazing relic, worshipped like an oracle by the Romans, was actually disfiguring the minds of its leaders.”
“The Visigoths invaded Rome, sacked the capital city, and returned the stone to its original place in Gaul, which they now controlled. Years passed, armies and kingdoms fought over the relic and it passed through many lands, until it ended up in Bartok, where Vas Deferen the Great, after the battle of Wet Lake, did his infamous deed and held the stone in his hands…subsequently losing his mind in the process.”
“It was then moved to Gagglehorn, where it stayed, somewhat forgotten. After its sad history, no one wanted anything to do with it. Then, Bishop Lamprey touched it, and soon after that, it disappeared. Some claim that it is in Britannia, being watched over by a mysterious wizard. Others say that the church destroyed it. Unfortunately, that is where the trail ends.”
“Who took it out of Gagglehorn?”
“No one knows, all the priests at the nearby monastery, and those that guarded the tower were killed. As was, apparently, the leader of the monastery and caretaker of the stone, a wizard-priest by the name of Master Beluga.”
“But, the three sisters?”
“Well, evidently they left before all of this happened, and that, Oldsmobill, is where you can help me in my quest. Tell me, where did you meet them?”
“They were outside Poutsland, near the western mountains. Living in a cave.” Olds was being very careful here; he didn’t know Vespius’ true intentions, so he lied to him about their true location.
“Did you know them?”
“No, they sent a messenger for me.”
Vespius nodded his head. “And what of Master Beluga, and this…Batesman fellow?”
Olds frowned a little but still didn’t reveal the truth. “Sorry, sir, I’ve never heard of them.”
“Really? Do you think you could find that cave again?”
“Don’t know…it’s been a while. Maybe.”
“Perhaps you and I might try to find these sisters, Oldsmobill, and see if we might track down the whereabouts of this amazing artifact.”
“How will you use it, once you find it?”
“As a tool to…determine…the best course of action to take in regards to the interests and safety of our fellow countrymen.” Vespius replied in a tone that made Olds feel the phrase had been overly rehearsed. “Oldsmobill, you could help me…you could be instrumental in bringing a lasting peace to this kingdom. Imagine the innovations and inventions we could discover with the help of the stone.” Vespius began to grow quite excited and even had to pause to keep his composure in check. He smiled in order to buy himself some time as the words formulated inside his brain. He then began to whisper, “Oldsmobill, I believe you have a very important part to play in this. That is why I remembered your name when I heard it at the docks. I have been looking for you, my friend…”
Olds met the prince’s gaze, and tried his best to hide his suspicions and apprehension.
“It is my firm belief, that with your help…we could change the world, Oldsmobill. Perhaps that is what the witches wanted you for…so that we could work together.” Vespius was leaning toward him, smiling eagerly like a child with a new toy.
Olds looked away, and began fiddling with the reins of his horse. “I…I don’t know why they fed that…stuff…to me.”
“Maybe they saw us doing great things for this region, Oldsmobill. Maybe that is why they chose you.”
Olds looked back upon the prince’s face and started nodding his head slowly. He had so many things he wanted to say to him, and to ask him, but every thought and question he kept locked up inside his skull.
Vespius started to laugh. He was quite pleased with his overall performance. “We will start our quest quite soon, my friend.” Vespius happily declared, “Unfortunately, I have pressing matters at home, and with my father’s health the way it is, we will have to delay our expedition to find the three witches for a few days. But, I eagerly anticipate our upcoming trip to Allegoria…” Vespius looked up to the sky and slowly, dramatically, whispered, “…and destiny.”
Unseen by the prince was Olds’ expression, which contained more than a hint of distrust and derision. When Vespius turned to look back his way, Olds’ expression changed to reveal a look of giddy, wide-eyed, agreement.

“…three blind sisters in a cave, devoured the fruit and unsheathed what was once the stuff of legend, and Rommel stormed across the desert, and the lady on the light-box said that twenty-two had died in a fire as strange figures and numbers scrolled along the bottom…
…his name was spoken by others as being ‘Oldsmobill’, but the conflict raged below him, and he led his group of archers into the fray and struck deep into the enemy’s bosom…
…and the winged machines formed a ‘v’ shape in the sky and their bellies opened up and they dropped great stones out of them and these objects fell like fire from the heavens, and I saw what looked like a large locust, and inside its eyes were men with spheres upon their heads, and the locust’s wings were like a spinning, dark flower, and then I saw Oldsmobill sitting at a table, as the three sisters made their concoction, and they sprinkled the dust from the stone into it, and next I saw a man in a large brick building, who seeing the procession, slowly aimed his weapon…
…the ape saw the great beast fly overhead, and it fell to the ground and cried as the shadow of the beast quickly crossed over him, and I saw the magician, the one called Beluga, and his three sisters, who were quite blind, and they were standing around the stone and chanting…
…then Oldsmobill, arrived with his army, and looked upon his colleagues and said: “We will make our stand here…”

---Bishop Edward Lamprey

*****

Johann tightened the knots around the woman’s hands and ankles and then placed her upon one of the cots inside the cell. He reached behind her neck and made sure the gag that was wrapped across her mouth was good and tight as well. He took a couple of steps back and frowned upon the woman’s large, frightened eyes. Turning from her he saw Rita kneeling down and hugging her sister. She looked upon all the children’s faces and smiled and whispered comforting words to each. When Johann approached the children, they all looked to him, and he smiled as well. “Okay,” he whispered to Rita, “What’s the plan now?”
Rita rose, but a look of uncertainty filled her face. “Uh, plan…yes, the plan.”
Johann smiled, but he exhibited the expression just to keep the children calm. “Pardon us, for second, little ones…we have to go over a few things first.” He continued to smile as he lightly tugged on Rita’s sleeve. After a few steps back, he whispered, “You do have a plan on getting us all out of here, right?”
“Uh, yes, of course, I mean…I’ve been planning this for months, right?”
“And…?”
“And…I…well, I didn’t ever think I’d ever get this far. Y’know? I mean I just pictured a wonderful reunion with Maria, I didn’t actually think how…”
“How are we going to escape with…”  Johann did a quick headcount, “…twelve children?”
Rita leaned back upon one foot, and frowned, “Well? Actually…I’m dying to hear a good suggestion about that myself.”
Johann’s shoulders slumped. His eyes looked upon the children, then over at the bound lady in the cage, who nodded and rolled her eyes. He looked back at Rita and then back at the lady and then back at the children.
He frowned, bit his lip a second and then said: “I might have an idea…” 

Hurdy Gluten was her name. She was lying on the cot inside the little cell — sobbing and mumbling beneath the gag. She had never really liked her job, but the pay was fairly good and she had been given a nice little apartment above the kitchen as an additional benefit. 
Hurdy’s career as caretaker of the governor's villa was not very stressful and her days there had been rather routine. Other than the normal tasks any maid or servant would be required to do – mainly cleaning and laundry duties – she was also in charge of the kitchen staff and actually enjoyed lording over their mealtime preparations. The only thing she found rather unpleasant was her duties as caretaker of the imprisoned children. She had to make sure that they were not only fed regularly, and that they ate the food that was given to them, but she was to also make sure they had plenty of water to drink and to occasionally bathe in. It was not a pleasant job and she didn’t truly enjoy it at all, but the governor promised a big bonus to her weekly pay if the children remained healthy and alive until they were to be shipped off. She carried out these undertakings unquestioningly, and whenever she felt regret or sadness, she simply thought of all the things she would buy with that big bonus — like a new dress — or maybe she’d get her nose fixed. Besides that, the children would soon be gone anyway, and she would not have to concern herself with the guilt and remorse she sometimes felt.
She struggled and squirmed within her bindings and thought of her present situation and began to weep even more. She couldn’t believe how badly things had turned for her. 
She fully understood the anger the two strangers felt when seeing the children, and she realized that they were probably right in being appalled and dismayed. But surely they could see that she had tried to keep the children as well as could be expected under such circumstances. It was the governor’s fault that they were imprisoned, not hers. She was simply doing her job. Why couldn’t they understand that?
She was not a bad person, in fact, she felt a modicum of sympathy for the imprisoned youngsters, and fully understood why the two strangers had tied her up and placed her in the cell. And when they had asked her for directions to the stables — did she not cooperate fully? She didn’t scream, or attempt to flee. Why, she even told them the quickest way to the stable — now, was that not above and beyond the type of assistance they could have ever hoped for? ‘See,’ she thought to herself, ‘I’m not such a bad person.’
And, after all that she had done for them — after giving them her full cooperation and compliance — how did those two scoundrels repay her? 
By taking a dagger and shaving off nearly every strand of hair upon her head.
She continued sobbing, and mumbling beneath the gag in a language only she could understand: “My, oh, my! That’s certainly gratitude, for ya!”

Johann crept down the hall toward an archway. He pivoted his head to the left and right, and when he saw that the coast was clear, he motioned behind him. Rita soon followed, accompanied by twelve pairs of little bare feet lightly slapping across the marble floor.
Beyond the archway, they made their way along a small retaining-wall that encircled a large fountain and pool. They next passed through a palisade and eventually behind the wall of guest house. Johann stopped at the edge of the wall and peered out across a pebbled walkway. On the other side was the stable. It was a huge barn-like structure with an angled roof and two large sliding doors on either end. He turned and saw Rita looking over his shoulder. Behind her, crouched down in a row along the wall, was a group of children in dirty clothes ― all were wearing fake black beards upon their faces. Each disguise had been hastily adhered to their faces with globs of syrup from the breakfast tray that had been presented to them earlier in the cell. The splotchy fake facial hair was all obtained from one source ― their former caretaker’s head.
“Okay,” Johann whispered, “I’m going into the stable and check it out.”
Rita nodded, “Be careful…and quiet…and don’t do anything crazy…and chirp like a sparrow or a blue jay if you get into any trouble…and…”
Johann leaned over and gave her a peck upon the cheek, “Don’t worry,” he whispered, “I’ve always been good at sneaking up on things.”
He smiled and gave her a wink before scampering across the road.
Rita let a low sigh escape her lips, before turning to look behind her. She put her finger to lips and then gently waved her hand toward the row of little girls and boys. “Stay calm,” she whispered, “We’re almost out of here.” Her eyes scanned the assemblage and she added, “Stop fiddling with your beards…you’re getting hair all over your hands.”
One of the little tikes, a young boy named Desmond replied in a low peeping sound, “But, it itches…”
Rita nodded and sighed, “I know, little one. Trust me, I know…”
Meanwhile, Johann crouched behind a stall and peered through a space in the wooden slats. There were several horses kept inside the stable; more than enough for his little group to ride out on. He heard a rustling sound and leaned back against the wall. Peering again through the slats, he saw a man with a pitchfork tossing hay into a far stall. Johann’s face wrinkled with indecision. Should he approach the man and ask for his help, or just crack him over the head with something. ‘Think, think, think…’ he thought, ‘What would Olds do?’
“Hey?” a voice suddenly asked, “What’s you doing here?” 
Johann looked back through the opening in the stall and saw a pair of surprised eyes looking back at him. The man then stood up and asked, “What you doing looking into my bedroom?”
“What?” Johann asked in an astonished voice. He rose up and saw a rather chunky man, wearing a long white shirt and eyeing him with a look of surprise and anger.
“What’s that ya say, Sigmund?” the laborer with the pitchfork asked from the other side of the stable.
“Hey, I asked you’s a question.” Sigmund declared, while poking his finger upon Johann’s chest.
Johann smiled and nodded his head. “I, uh, er…I was looking for my shoes…” he stated in a shrill sort of voice. He looked beyond the man’s shoulder and saw the other worker approaching them.
“Who’s your friend, Sigmund? A new-hire?” the man with the pitchfork asked.
Sigmund cocked his head to the left and frowned at Johann. “You’s the new-hire…or a peeping Tom?”
“No, no, no…uh, yes. I am a new-hire, but my name is not Tom. It’s uh…er…Jo-Jo. Yes, that’s it…Jo-Jo!” Johann placed his hand upon his chest and proudly proclaimed, “ Jo-Jo Mojo’s the name…of the Valdorlokian Mojo Clan.” 
“Hmm…” Sigmund queried, while scratching his head. “Nobody said nothin’ about a new-hire coming here today.” He turned and looked puzzled at the other fellow, who was now standing just behind him. “Festus, anybody tell you about a new employee?”
“Naw…but nobody tells me much anyways…”
Johann continued to smile and even took the liberty of leaning upon the wooden railing of the pen. “Well, all my paperwork has been filled out, but they still have to do a background check, which they said would take a couple of days, so, I took the liberty of coming down here and…checking out the working conditions.”
“I see,” Sigmund replied. He started to rub his jaw — not entirely convinced. “Well, this particular pen is my sleeping quarters, for I find sleeping on a pile of hay does wonders for my bad back. I would appreciate it if you didn’t come in here and disturbing me before I wakes up.”
Johann lifted his hands and apologized for his intrusion.
“What’s ya got that sword for?” Festus suddenly asked. Sigmund leaned over the wooden pen and looked suspiciously at the weapon. Johann just continued smiling. “Oh, it’s just an old family heirloom…dull as a butter knife.”
“Well, don’t let the foreman catch ya with it, or you’ll be sacked for sure!” Festus said.
“Yea, you’ll get fired before you’s even hired,” Sigmund added. To which all three men had a good laugh.
“But, seriously…you can’t keep a sword on the premises, that’s the governor’s orders,” Sigmund plainly stated. “Only the guards are allowed to carry such weaponry.”
“Oh…I didn’t know…” Johann replied, “By the way, where are all the guards?”
Festus began to laugh. “Oh, they’s all went to Carbuckle with the gov’nor.”
“Yea…the governor never leaves home without his…posse,” Sigmund added, with a derisive laugh. 
“Ya, it seems to make him feel more popular than he really is,” Festus chortled. 
Johann smiled and laughed and nodded his head several times. Sigmund grunted and then stated, “Howevers…if ya feel the need for self-protection, you can be’s like me and carry a blackjack or a wooden bat.”  
“Yes, yes, certainly within the rules,” added Festus.
“Really?” Johann queried, “You wouldn’t happen to know where I could get one, do ya?”
Sigmund laughed and disappeared behind the stall. He soon reappeared, holding a large wooden club in his hand. “Heh-heh,” he chuckled, “Now, here’s a fine piece of birch, just right for bludgeoning a rapid dog or cracking walnuts. I mades this meself, after I broke me last bat over the head of wild boar.”
“Wow!” Johann exclaimed, “That is some fine craftsmanship…care if I have a look?”
Sigmund smiled and handed the club over to the new-hire. “I could makes you one for a couple of silver pieces…if your background check comes up clean, that is.”
Johann nodded and hummed, while twirling the object in his hands. He suddenly looked up and acted as if he had seen the most amazing thing behind the two laborers. Look!” he yelled and pointed, “It’s a man wrestling a cow!”
Both stable hands turned immediately, for cow-wrestling was quite popular around Carbuckle. “Where?” Sigmund asked.
Johann brought the club down upon the base of the man’s skull and then turned to do the same to the other, but Festus turned back around upon hearing the wallop — as did the pitchfork he was holding — which made Johann take a quick step back.
“I don’t see no cow…wres…” Festus stopped and looked at the crumpled body of Sigmund. He looked back at Johann, who quickly hid the club behind his back and grinned.
“What d’ya do that for? Didn’t ya hear him when he said he’d make you one if you liked it,” Festus drawled. His face was full of confusion.
“Yea, well…I didn’t want to wait,” Johann replied. He shrugged and then took a swing at Fester. 
“Hey! That ain’t no way to treat yer possible future co-workers!” Festus pointed the pitchfork at Johann, who immediately dropped the club and presented his sword.
“Look,” Johann pleaded, “I don’t want to hurt you. I just need to get some children out of here before they’re sold to slave-traders. Can you help us?”
Festus’ face started to frown. His eyes thinned. “I thought you said you was a new-hire.”
Johann’s skull shivered. “No, I just said that to…to…” he stopped and lowered his sword, “The truth is…the governor kidnapped some children and is planning on selling them to a slaver…that’s how he paid for all of this.” Johann waved his hand in the air and then sighed. “Won’t you help us?”
Festus started to lower the pitchfork. “Governor Gulag?”
“Ya.”
Festus started smiling. “Well, why didn’t you say so in the first place? Hell, we all hate that rotten bastard, and would’a helped you with no problem.”
“Really?” Johann asked, rather shocked.
“Yea,” he replied, “You really gonna rescue them childrens? That’s a bold move, my friend, and one which will surely guarantee a swing or two from the gallows. However, I will helps ya, as long as there are no witness…or corroboratin’ evidences,” He then leaned in and whispered, “As I don’t wish to be implicated in any alleged criminal-like activity.” He leaned back and looked round the interior of the stable. “What’s ya need me do?”
Johann smiled. He then looked over at Sigmund, who was lying face down in the straw. “Heh,” he shrugged, “I wish I had known that before…well, y’know…”
Festus stuck the pitchfork into the ground and leaned upon it while surveying Sigmund’s unconscious body. “Ah, don’t worry ‘bout him,” he twanged, “He’s head’s as hard as a cocoanut…and just as full of watery milk and cellulose, too.”
Johann laughed and traipsed over to the entrance. After a couple of waves, Rita and the children joined him inside the stable. Festus looked upon the assemblage and exclaimed. “Wow, you got some dwarves to help ya, I see.”
“Uh, no…” Rita replied, looking strangely at the man, “Those are children…in disguise.”
Festus’ eyes suddenly widened, his mouth dropped open and he ran to the door of the stable and looked up. After his head darted about for a few seconds he said, “I don’t see any children in de’ skies…”
Rita was about to say something, but Johann – more acquainted with Festus’ thought processes – intervened, “We’re just going to requisition a few horses, alright?”
“Yea, yea…take what you want.” He looked up again and shook his head. “Do you think them flying tikes are coming back?”
Rita reached for a rock — determined to put him out of his inept misery, but Johann waved his hand to her and smiled, “No, I think they’re migrating south.”
“You mean north,” Festus replied, scratching his scalp and still looking to the skies, “For spring is nigh, and the winged rug-rats surely look to the fertile feeding grounds of Lau Yimbolt…or perhaps a nice daycare facility.”
“Oh…right,” replied Johann. 
The stable-hand scratched his head a little more and then went over to help Sigmund up to a sitting position. After peering upon his unconscious colleague’s mug for a few seconds, he then slapped him around a little. When that didn’t seem to revive him, he slapped him a few more times, only harder.
“Don’t you think that’s a bit excessive?”  Rita asked, her voice dripped with disdain. 
Festus slapped his co-worker’s face once again and then looked up. “Maybe…but when will I get a chance like this again?” he answered, before assaulting  Sigmund’s slacked jaw with another vicious backhand.
After placing saddles on seven of the horses, Rita lifted each of the children upon the steeds. They each rode in pairs. She then tethered each horse to hers and walked the group to the door.
Johann was having a dreadful time getting atop of his horse, but finally accomplished the task with a little help from Festus. He then leaned over and lifted little Desmond up onto the stead. 
“How’s you planning on getting through the gate?” the laborer asked.
Johann quickly looked over at Rita — who quickly looked over at him. She shrugged her shoulders and hummed. 
“Oh, Geez!”  He exclaimed. “I’ve really got to start hanging around people with well-thought out plans.” Johann sighed, and climbed down off the horse. He lifted Desmond off and placed him on another horse with two other children. “You three hold on tight…and lean forward a bit…if one of you falls, I’m afraid all of you will fall…alright?”
“Yes, Mr. Yoohan.” Desmond chirped.
Johann smiled and looked over at Festus. “You got any good ideas?”
The man looked up at him with a confused look in his eyes, as his tongue made a clicking sound. “About what?” he finally asked.
“About how we can get out of here.”
“Uh, naw…not really. Besides, that’s your problem, I plan on running into the vineyards as soon as you leave.” He smiled a big joyful grin, “…And playing dumb.”
“Well…that’s not much of a stretch,” Rita scowled sardonically.
“Yea…I’s pretty good at it,” Fester proudly replied. He noticed that Sigmund was starting to stir and moan, and quickly ran over to him. He knelt down, and after patting his scalp and muttering a few comforting words, he gleefully slapped him a few more times.

*****

At the top of the hill, Vespius slowed his horse. Oldsmobill slowed his as well and stared down upon a beautiful valley. The road continued down a slight hill until it was completely lined with wooden stores and shops. Another thinner path intersected the road near the middle of the valley, and stretched from the deep forests of the north all the way down to the Mea Culpa River to the south. This was Rottweillor City. Across from Olds, sitting on a high hill was Rottweillor Castle, surrounded by a large wooden wall. It was not as impressive as Carbuckle, but Carbuckle was a true fortress ― built to overlook the river, and accompanying bridge, and to secure trade and military routes to this city and others. This area however, was the economic heart of the region. It was also the seat of power. Rottweillor was the new capital for the House of Cornswallow.
“The journey has been a long one for me, Oldsmobill. I am exhausted. But, I still have much to discuss with you. Perhaps you can explore the sights of the city and join me for breakfast tomorrow.”
“Certainly, sir.”
“Excellent, I shall have the arrangements made. Enjoy yourself Oldsmobill, and I shall see you tomorrow morn, my friend.”
Vespius kicked his stead, and the entire troop began to thunder down into the valley. People darted out of the roads, as trumpeters on the walls of the castle announced the Crown Prince’s return. Oldsmobill prodded his horse to the side of the road and watched all the soldiers pass for a few moments, taking in the sight of the horsemen and the landscape around him, as the last of the group went by, he gave his horse a slight spur and a flick of the reins and followed them into the castle walls.

*****

Boshi Leravich leaned upon the stone wall just above the villa’s main gate. He was trying his best to retrieve a popcorn husk that was securely lodged in one of his molars. When he couldn’t free it with his tongue, he tried using one of his fingers, until he suddenly remembered where his fingers had been earlier.
He spat and gagged and rubbed his tongue with his shirt sleeve. 
He then heard the sound of a horse rapidly approaching from inside the complex. He turned, just in time to see Johann speeding toward the gate. 
Rita had given the Timbrookian a crash-course on how to ride a horse, and even on how to get one going, but only after Johann had spent a good five minutes looking for a knob or button to push. 
He eventually did appear to understand the basics of it – pull the reins to the left and the horse will go left, pull to the right and the horse will go right. There was one thing she forgot to inform him of, though… 
And that was how to get the galloping beast to stop.
Johann tried his best to keep from screaming his head off, as he saw the large wooden gate rapidly approaching, but he most definitely thought about it. He again started to look for a knob to pull, or a button to push. However, just as it appeared that he and his horse would run straight into the gate, the stead suddenly stopped, and Johann went flying over the creature’s bowed head and neck.
Johann did two somersaults and a half-pike with a twist — landing upside down on the gate before slowly sliding to the ground.
Boshi looked over the railing and cried, “What was the purpose of all that?”
Johann rolled to his feet and started staggering back to his horse. He thought that perhaps the little birds that were encircling his head were only a delusion brought on by the impact; however, he was not a hundred percent certain.
“Uh, I need you to open the gate…” he yelled before losing his balance and falling face first to the ground.
“What for?” Boshi yelled back.
Johann rose to his knees and started swatting at the persistent blue swallows that still flew about his head. “Because…I have an important message…damn birds! Hallucination or not! Be gone!”
Boshi looked down quite puzzled. He didn’t see any birds. “Well?”
“Well what?” Johann asked, staggering to his feet, and looking round.
“Well, what do you want me to do?”
“Open the freaking gate!”
“What? From up here?” Boshi angrily replied, “If you need to open the gate, then lift that latch and open it your damn self!”
Johann’s eyes slowly focused upon the wooden gate. Everything was blurry, but he staggered over to the structure and saw three rod-iron latches revolving around in front of him. He shook his head and looked again — now there were only two. He squinted and pressed his palms against his temples. He opened his eyes and then saw only one latch, but it was quite blurry. He pulled the pin and then stood there a second or two, blinking his eyes at the structure.
“Nothing’s happening…” he finally yelped.
Boshi rolled his eyes and grunted. “Well…you gotta give it a push, melon-head!”
“Oh!” Johann chirped. He pressed his shoulder into the gateway and forced it outward. He then turned and loudly whistled. 
Suddenly — from around the corner of the house came six horses – galloping at top speed toward the gate in a cloud of dust and clods of dirt. Boshi looked on, quite befuddled, while Johann tried his best to get back on the horse.
After the group passed through the gate they then sped away down the road. Johann hopped about next to his horse. 
Boshi looked over the railing and asked, “Who the hell was them?”
“Just…an armed escort. It’s a very important message!” 
Johann finally got upon his horse, and after a kick or two, sped on down the road as well. 
Boshi looked on and scratched his head. “Armed escort, huh?” he muttered. “Looked more like Snow White and the twelve dwarves.”




Chapter Ten: Cumquat May…


The spindly man with coal-black hair was packing up a few wares into a large wagon. He had bought the wagon soon after arriving in Valdorlok, and he and his family were camped outside the city’s main gates, but still within the confines of Valdorlok valley. They had been staying the last few nights inside a barn that they had rented from a local farmer, and slept in the wagon after removing all the pelts and supplies they had brought with them from Fouldune.
Each morning, Harv and his family loaded the wagon back up and headed down the main road, where they would set up shop near the outskirts of the market. It was there that they sold a few items, or traded them, and tried to get some semblance of normalcy back into their lives. Both Harv and Delores knew this was just a temporary stop; they wouldn’t be able to safely stay in Valdorlok for very long.
“He’ll send someone after us,” Delores said, while sitting next to the wagon. She knew her husband realized this sad statement was true, but Delores wanted to make sure he didn’t get too comfortable in the friendly surroundings of Valdorlok. Harv was busy moving some merchandise around on the back of the wagon. His mother-in-law and son were scampering around in a field behind them. Their horse was tied to a nearby tree and nibbled on blades of grass.
“I was thinking of heading south, then west along the Roman road,” he replied.
“Walder, maybe?” she asked.
“Ya,” he answered. “What do you think about that?”
“It’s a long trip, and we’re not going to have much time to settle in before winter.” She looked down the lane to her left and saw the edge of the marketplace. People were beginning to move to and fro as the sun steadily rose in the sky and burned away the morning chill.
Harv jumped down out of the wagon; carrying a couple of signs he had made. He walked a few paces to the road. “Well, we can’t go north…there’s too many barbarians up that way these days. East is a possibility, but it’s a long trip to Huckabuck, and competition would be tough there, and shop space is expensive,” he replied, while hammering a small sign into the ground.
Delores stood up and sighed. “Tomorrow?”
“What?” Harv asked, not hearing what she said.
“Do you want to leave tomorrow?”
“Maybe. In a day or so, I suppose.” He finished his hammering and walked back to her, placing his hand upon her shoulder. “We’ll head that way, wait for a group of transport wagons and go with them, it’ll be safer.” He smiled and kissed her cheek. “I’m sorry about all this, dear,” he whispered, “I wish none of this had happened.” 
Delores leaned her head against his, and softly patted his arm. “We can’t change any of that now. We’ve lost a lot, but…at least we’re all safe. It was probably bound to happen anyway, hon. Maybe trying to be good in a place like Fouldune was a silly dream…one we should have abandoned long ago.”
“Yea…maybe…” Harv whispered and looked up toward the dawn. “But I thought things were starting to change for the better. I never dreamed we’ve have to start all over again.”
Delores put her hands to his chin and softly turned his troubled mug to her. She smiled. “We’re not starting over, Harv,” she softly said, “We’re carrying on.”
They kissed and then held each other for several minutes. 
A gravelly voice interrupted the silence, saying: “Hey, pardon me, folks…” 
They both turned and saw a lanky man with a large sack flung over his back. His hair was gray and wiry and he had a smile that bore a close resemblance to two rows of evenly spaced peas. 
“I’s was a wond’ring if you’s might wanna trade one of them swords for a few pairs of pig-skin boots?” he asked in a gruff, but friendly voice. 
Delores lightly laughed, and after a peck upon Harv’s cheek, she started toward the grizzly man and said, “Well, that depends on what those boots look like ol’ timer…”
The gent guffawed and quickly tossed the large bag off his shoulder and onto the ground, “Oh! Ma’am, they’s the finest hog-skin footwear you ever saw…they’s surplus from a monastery near Klagenfurt, and expertly assembled.” He began pulling several pairs of the boots from the bag, while Delores studied each article. Harv stepped up behind her and looked down at the wares as well.
“Looky at that craftsmanship,” the geezer guzzled.
Delores held one of the tan boots and studied the rawhide lacing that ran down the side. She looked over at Harv’s face and smiled. Her eyes looked up to the sky for only a second, before she turned and looked down again at the boot; her face formed an expression of deep contemplation. 
“A double-helix crossover…” she lightly voiced.
“Ah…” the peddler replied, “You obviously know a thing about quality stitch work.”
“Yea,” Delores whispered, while running her finger down the seam, “I’ve seen an example of such stitching recently…”
“Really?” the gent asked, “It’s rather rare in these here parts.” 
Delores looked again at Harv, who just stood there and smiled. She handed the boot to him and then looked back at the old man and his pile of wares. Kneeling down to get a closer look at the merchandise, she sighed: 
“Seems almost like a lifetime ago…” 

*****

Paperwork, scrolls, and maps were scattered all over the desk. In the corner of the room was an opened crate with a chain-mail uniform strewn over it, and numerous small, foam packing-peanuts sprinkled all around. Inside the crate were several more uniforms, but they were each still nicely folded. 
Gravy Acklander was pacing around the room with an angry look upon his chunky face. He was puffing a long-stemmed pipe, and a thin trail of smoke followed him. He was trying to remain calm, but it wasn’t working. 
His wife had given him a royal red robe, with little black dots on the furry white collar and sleeves, which he now proudly wore. It was an anniversary gift, for it had been twenty-five years to the day since their first date — he had taken her to a local dog-fighting exhibition. Afterwards, they made love in a ditch by the side of the road.
He had been trying to dig his way out ever since.
Into the room came Two-Tone Johnny, one of Gravy’s henchmen. He gasped between breaths, having just run all the way there. “Sorry to bother you, Your Royal Majesty, but you gotta see this.”
Gravy slowly withdrew the pipe and blew a thin, wiggly stream of smoke around his head. “And what would that be?” he growled.
“Well, Lord of All Things Known and Unknown, it’s Crowbar, sir! We found him!”  Two-Tone bowed almost to his ankles.
Gravy’s eyes bugged out. “What? Where did you find him?”
“Oh, Lord of Light, we found him staggering out of the woods…dirty as hell and naked as a jaybird…except for a rotting polecat carcass, which he used to cover up his naughty bits,” replied the thugling, who then dutifully bowed again.
“Where is he?” Gravy yelled.
“Coming this way, Sir High and Mighty, assisted by Rico and Fug Pugly.”
After that, sure enough, into the main office of the Town Center building came the two underlings carrying Crowbar’s slumped, mud-drenched body. Luckily for all involved, they had taken the liberty of putting a pair of yellow boxers on the pathetic-looking creature.
Gravy stared in total bewilderment as the henchman went about retrieving the figure a nice chair to sit in, as well as a blanket, and finally a hot cup of tea from a room in the back of the building. Gravy moved his chair in front of the man and stared upon him with a frightened and puzzled expression in his eyes.
“Crowbar?” he fretfully asked the shivering lump.
The man shook horribly, not so much from the cold, it seemed, but from being stricken with fear and shock. He gradually looked up at Gravy with large, terror-filled eyes. Drops of warm tea spilled from the cup he tried to hold in his trembling hands.
“Y-yes,” he stuttered.
“Good lord, man, what happened to you?”
“W-well, we went th-there, yes w-we did.” At which point, he started cackling uncontrollably. “T-Timbrook! Ha-ha-ha!” He looked about the room, laughing a maniacal laugh. After taking a small sip of the tea, he started humming a low melody: “Wahoo vo-ray…wahoo-voray…”
“He’s lost his freakin’ marbles,” Two-Tone said.
Gravy spoke soft and slow. “What happened Crowbar? Where is Heaves?”
“Heaves gone flyin’…just like me!” He laughed again and made a ‘whoosh’ sound, then waved his hand in the air. “S-sent us off, they did, ya-ya…s-sent us off and Heaves he screamed like a banshee…”
“Who? Who sent you flying?” Gravy asked.
“Aye! I saw ‘em coming, I thought they’d kill me, but ol’ Crowbar…hee-hee…still kicking…hee-hee-hee.”
Suddenly Crowbar jumped out of his seat and the cup of tea went flying across the room. He grabbed Gravy’s red robe, and looked straight into his eyes.
“Please sir! Don’t make me g-go b-back! Please, I can’t g-go b-back there! I know I promised me pops that I’d help him with the hogs, but I ran, see? He wouldn’t blame me for that will he? Huh, pops? I ran, and ran, and ran, and I crawled under the hay…”
Crowbar’s entire face was covered in anguish, but no tears leaked out, and no other sound flowed from his downward-turned mouth. He looked around at everyone in the room.
“I’m sorry…” he finally, pitifully squeaked, “I’s so scared…I messed meself…p-please don’t tell me pops…”
Gravy stood up, and in a rather strange gesture for a man that most residents had come to fear and avoid, he gently put his arm around Crowbar, who was still crying.
“It’s okay, Crowbar,” he whispered to his sobbing face.
“Wahoo-voray…wahoo-voray…”
Gravy gradually led him to the door, before motioning for his minions to take over. He then whispered to Two-Tone, “Take him to Vera’s, get him cleaned up, fed, and make sure he gets a nice bed to rest in.”
“Yes, Your Most Magnificence,” Two-Tone answered before deeply bowing again.
“A nice bed…not one of their usual ones,” Gravy strongly added. He turned to Two-Tone and grabbed his right-hand man’s left arm. “See what you can find out, once he’s rested and ate a bit.”
Two-Tone nodded, and followed the others out the door.

After a few hours, Crowbar did come around a little. He told Fug Pugly about how the people of Timbrook had welcomed him and Heaves in the most unwelcoming of manners, and how they had launched them both into the swamp. He told of how he had wandered around the quagmire looking for his comrade, but never found his body ― only a little of the VHS tape that they had wrapped him with. After another day or so of stumbling through the marshes and forests, he finally found his way back to town.
Crowbar’s tale disturbed Gravy greatly, as did all the other incidents that had been happening as of late.
His promotion to governor had made him feel very powerful, and he relished that feeling ― but not as much as his wife did ― for she immediately changed her name to ‘Duchess Acklander’ and commissioned a one-eyed artist by the name of Klaus Atwater to paint a life-sized portrait of her. His lack of depth-perception made her facial features appear almost normal.
Even so, Gravy was feeling quite glum, for it seemed to him that as soon as he had been given the title of governor, bad news had been reaching him on a daily basis.
It had been a dire week indeed. First, his son was killed in a street fight ― evidently while trying to rob some traveler of his shiny boots. Then, while investigating that crime, his best employee, Slack, was killed, apparently by one of the most upstanding, and honest men in the town.
After that, when he sent two of his men to find the suspects, one of them, named Fat Tony was found dead by the Valdorlok Bridge, with numerous arrows in his torso, and the other, Jocko, for some odd reason, had lost his mind and proceeded to run through the streets of Valdorlok city wearing only a crucifix, while screaming something about a Mongol invasion. The authorities there had him imprisoned in a local, bat-infested belfry.
Then, just yesterday, two of his men, riding to check the road to Carbuckle for the Matter’s family, returned to say that the Cornswallow Royal Guard had killed all four of the assassins he had sent there earlier to take care of the man with the shiny boots and his cohorts onboard a riverboat.
Now, he’d found out that he was missing one of the men he had sent to Timbrook, while the other was left suffering from some type of post-traumatic stress syndrome, brought on by the bizarre events that had occurred there.
And to top it all off, in a fit of rage over Slack’s death, he had almost burned the entire town down as well.
Gravy collapsed in his chair and muttered to the ceiling, “This governor stuff ain’t what it’s cracked up to be.”
Later that day, He and Two-Tone were sitting on the small porch of the Town Center building. They were both looking up and down the street as the townspeople went about their daily activities. To the side of the building were a few of their fellow partners in crime ― standing around and doing their best to look menacing while keeping an evil eye on everything.
“Maybe, m’lord, none of this is an accident…” Two-Tone meekly declared. He was eating a chicken leg ― delicately pulling small pieces of meat off and flipping them into his mouth. He was wearing an all black outfit, with a white scarf around his neck, a thick white belt, and matching white, but somewhat dirty, calf-high boots.
“What do you mean?” the governor asked.
“Well, Your Honor, I ain’t done a bunch of thinkin’ on the matter, but, I’m just saying…”
“What? You think someone is out to get us?”
“Sir Holiness, I’m just sayin’, well, it’s all kind of weird, that’s all.” Two-Tone ate a couple more bites, and looked down the main road. “First your son is killed, then Slack, and then the crown prince hisself comes to Fouldune and makes you gov’nor…”
Gravy squinted and rubbed his jaw with a huge, meaty hand. His pinky ring glistened in the sun. “Ya, then the crown prince’s own guards kill my men at the dock, and evidently those boatmen went into Carbuckle Castle afterwards...”
“That’s what a few of the townsfolk said happened,” Two-Tone added. “Seems kind’a like a set up, y’know?”
Gravy stood up and stretched. He breathed deep and exhaled with a loud grunt. “What? You think Cornswallow is in with Mr. Jingle-Jangle?”
“I’m just saying…two strangers come into town…meet a captain at a saloon…kill your son…and the next morning, they’s on a boat to Carbuckle…and once they arrives there…the Royal Guard protects them and kills our associates…and then, after all that, Mr. Jingle-Jangle and his comrades are seen associatin’ with the prince.”
Gravy paced a few yards down the street. He stared at his feet during the entire journey. He then turned and paced back to Two-Tone. “So, what are you thinkin’? That Crown Prince Vespius is tryin’ to get me?” As soon as Gravy had said the words, though, his mind shot back to the meeting he had engaged in with the prince a few short days ago. He remembered the calm and sinister look upon Vespius’ face as he coolly stated:

“Because if I bring in a family member, or close acquaintance, and give them this title of Governor, I expect them to be the ‘boss’ of this town, and the first thing that I will have them do, their first act of leadership, will be…to get rid of you.”

Two-Tone said something, but Gravy didn’t hear him. “What?” he quietly asked.
“I said, Your Most Indissoluble, I don’t know what’s going on. I just know we’s lost a lot of good men, in a very short time, and I gots this feeling, y’know?” Two-Tone finished the chicken leg and threw the bone into the the street. He then began licking his fingers. Gravy reached down and tapped him on his shoulder.
“No,” he said, staring vacantly into space, “You just may have something there…”

****

Johann’s butt was killing him. After a full day of travel, he came to the conclusion that horseback riding was certainly not all it was cracked up to be. He and Rita and the freed children had made their way from the governor’s villa, across the old road and north through Carbuckle Forest toward the Allegorian Passage. About halfway there though, they had to turn around, and Johann rode like a fool back to the Governor’s villa to retrieve Rita’s original horse – which evidently was named Fairfax and had unfortunately been left tied to a tree during the whole fiasco. Luckily, Johann’s lack of riding skills enabled him to go undetected during his approach to the complex for he had slipped off the side of the saddle and rode most of the way upon the side of the horse –holding on for dear life and screaming like a molested monkey – but out of view of any guards or landscapers that might have peered his way.
After retrieving Fairfax, and both his and Rita’s kit bags, he soon met up again with Rita and the children just inside the shadowy edge of Carbuckle Forest. Within a few hours they were again nearing the mountainous range of Allegoria.
The children still had some of their fake facial hair upon their faces, but most of the hairs had either been blown away or were now adhered to their sticky fingers. Their once full beards now resembled the thinner facial stylings of characters in a Kung Fu film. The disguises proved to be unneeded though, for the journey northward was a relatively uneventful one and the only people that saw them were a few farmers that had stopped their laboring to stare with extremely puzzled looks upon their faces. They usually began scratching their scalps and squinting their eyes as the company quickly passed by.
Near the road that wound its way through the Allegorian Mountains, Rita led the group into a wide, green meadow, which contained a small farmhouse behind a thin line of trees. As they approached the humble abode, Johann spied several men and women exit the house. Once they recognized Rita, they began waving and smiling.
After helping each of the children down off the horses, they led the tikes into the house for a big dinner and new clothes. Rita introduced Johann to the family and they each shook his hand enthusiastically and thanked him and patted him on the back. The farmhouse belong to a cousin of Rita’s named Jarvel Guttersnipe. He lived there with his wife and his two adolescent boys. Johann later found out, during a large dinner, that Rita had made arrangements with Jarvel to stop here if her quest to rescue her sister was successful. She had been quite thorough in her planning, it seemed, except for the actual escape from the villa, but the rest of plan was quite detailed. They would stay here for the night, and begin the final stage of their journey, accompanied by Jarvel and his sons, across the route through the mountains. Once in Allegoria, the children would be given to the church in Dripplesburg, where the local priests had a foster child program and would make sure the orphans were placed in good homes.
Rita would leave her sister Maria with the Guttersnipe family, and even though she wasn’t sure how long she would stay here or perhaps return to school in Valdorlok, she deeply desired to spend some time with her sister and comfort her for she had been through quite a bit of trauma.
“I was thinking that I might even take her to Valdorlok with me,” she told Johann after the dinner. The two walked across a meadow that led to a small creek. “I’m the only family she has left, and I must help her get through this.”
Johann nodded his head, and reached his hand to hers. “She might actually help you get through this,” he said softly.
She looked to him and smiled and held his hand. Darkness was approaching and a few stars began to twinkle above. Rita and Johann walked hand in hand to the banks of the creek and then sat down in the cool grass.
“Would you like to go with us?” she abruptly asked.
He lifted his eyes to the stars and bit his lip. He then looked over at her and said, “There’s nothing I would like more…than to go with you to Dripplesburg… and maybe even Valdorlok…but…”
He grew silent and looked up again at the stars.
Rita asked, “But what, Johann?”
He sighed and slowly bowed his head. “I’ve been thinking all day about this…” He began caressing the top of her hand with his thumb. “However, I feel like I’m compelled to…well…to go to Rottweillor and make sure Olds is alright.”
Rita sighed, “One quest at a time, huh?”
“It’s not just that…” Johann looked into her eyes and smiled, “It’s just that…I wouldn’t have even met you if it wasn’t for him dragging me out of the swamps. I mean, he’s kind of changed my life, and how I look at myself and the world around me. I just feel as if I’m obligated to help him a little more… to repay him for what he’s done for me in some small way.” Johann bowed his head again and stared at her soft hands.
“I was a loner…and I didn’t really understand how alone I had become.” He lifted his eyes and smiled, “Then…one day, a strange, and beleaguered…and nearly-naked…man…covered in mud and leaves and swamp water, appeared before me in the swamp. He told me that he had been christened a knight, and that he was on some sort of…unbelievable quest, and that he had rode into Timbrook wearing the most magnificent armor anyone had ever seen. He had a great sword, and a beautiful horse and proclaimed that he was told to come there to fulfill his life’s mission.”
Rita began to smile again, as a small laugh escaped her lips, “Really?”
“Yea, and the people of Timbrook…my friends and family, and old drinking buddies…they stripped him of everything he owned…and then ejected him out of the town with a catapult.”
“Oh, my!”
“Yes,” he said, remembering the first time he had seen Olds, “And there he was, standing in front of me…covered in mud, penniless, disillusioned, and bruised.” Johann looked up and started to smile. “But, even after all he had been through…he still had just enough confidence to carry on. Just enough. He still had…hope…that he would eventually succeed.”
“That is Oldsmobill…”
“Yea. That’s why I followed him. I left the swamps and entered the world…not to get rich, or get involved in some kind of adventure. Truth is, I just wanted to help him get back on his feet...and maybe, by helping him, I might in some small way…get my own confidence, and optimism, back.” He leaned in and kissed Rita’s forehead and then whispered, “I don’t really know a whole lot…but I do know one thing now…” He leaned and stared deeply into her eyes. He began to whisper. “I don’t wish to live the rest of my life alone and dwelling upon the past.”
 Rita smiled and kissed him softly and longingly. “I can’t thank you enough, Johann,” she replied. She then lifted her hands and placed them upon his scruffy jaw. “I would like to spend more time getting to know you.”
Johann smiled, “Well…there’s not much more to know about me, really.”
“No, I think you’re wrong about that.”
“Hmm, perhaps…”
“I understand,” she said, then strangely giggled, “My burlap knight…I hope that you find happiness upon your quest.”
Johann’s face changed to one of puzzlement. “My quest?”
“Yes, I think it is you that has been given a great task,” she replied. She leaned in and kissed his forehead. “That is why you feel compelled to follow your friend. You have been given this mission and now you must finish it, before you will truly be happy in any other accomplishment.”
“Hmmm? I never thought of it like that…”
“Sometimes you don’t need a talking bowl of porridge to lead you to your destiny,” she said,  “You will do what you must do…but when you have finished your pursuits, Johann…you must promise me that you will find me, or I will find you, and then we shall see where that journey takes us.”
“Yes.” Johann stammered.
“Do you see a future for us, Johann?” She asked.
“Yes,” he replied. He then smiled. “I envisioned us moving to Timbrook…and procreating like mad!”
Their laughter echoed around the meadow and lifted into the dark night. Then it grew silent as they hugged and kissed. The moon moved from behind a silver-lined cloud and cast a pale glow upon the expanse as the stars sparkled above the two figures lying upon the cool, moist grass

*****

In an exquisitely decorated bedchamber, Vespius Cornswallow was sitting on the edge of his bed and studying a piece of yellow parchment. Numerous such papers were scattered all over his bed. The sergeant of the prison guards had brought another box of Bishop Lamprey’s writings up to his room shortly after the Cornswallow heir had arrived.  The prince had told Oldsmobill that he was exhausted, but he had lied. He wasn’t tired after the long trip, he was actually quite alert and eager to spend some time alone to mull over all that he had learned from the evasive sailor. Besides, Vespius didn’t sleep very much anyway. He was always too busy to sleep.
He took a sip of hot tea and continued his work — reading every line on every page that had been delivered. He made little notes in the margins and circled words that intrigued him with a crimson-inked quill.
Then he saw something that made his eyes widen. His mouth suddenly opened, and he ran his tongue across his front teeth.
“Yes,” he whispered, “Yes, of course...” He started to laugh — low, at first, but with each guffaw, the sound grew louder and louder.
He held the document up in the air and began jumping upon the bed. Papers flew all over the place, but he didn’t care. After all the searching and scanning and studying, he had found it. He had finally found it. And the funniest thing was the fact that it had been right under his nose the entire time.
“Ha-ha!” He yowled, “I have you! I have you!”
Vespius jumped and spun in the air, still laughing. ‘Of course!’ he thought, ‘I should have known that Master Beluga would never hide the stone at the top of the tower on Gagglehorn…no, no, no…much too obvious!’
He soon calmed himself down and read the lines again.

“…for the true secret of the tower was kept within its bowels, in a room of lead and colorful murals, for it was there that the stone was kept, and then I saw Master Beluga and his sisters worship it and looked to it for glimpses of future events, and to aid them in their weather forecasts…”

The crown prince smiled a diabolical smile. He had been so close to the stone and never suspected that it was below the tower. Even as his men set fire to the great structure, and they all stood around and watched, as Master Beluga’s body — consumed by the flames and smoke — fell from the top of the tower and disappeared into midst of the inferno. Vespius had no idea that just a few feet below the wizard’s charred remains, was a secret chamber that held what he had come to Gagglehorn for in the first place. He remembered the flames reaching into night sky, as his men burned the monastery and surrounding village to the ground. The crackling of the timbers. The plumes of smoke. The cries of the priests and townspeople as they fell by the sword and spear. He remembered that night and closed his eyes.
If Bishop Lamprey’s writings were correct, the location of the stone was beneath Gagglehorn Tower, and within a day, Vespius would return to the area that he had ordered destroyed, to find it and bring it back to Rottweillor. Everything had been prepared for it. The special building he had constructed to keep the object in. The wagon to transport it from there to here. Even the special helmets his men would wear to ward off the effects of the stone’s power. All were finished. All were lined with a layer of lead and waiting for the day when he found the location of the vision stone. All were waiting for his command to be implemented.
“Finally…” Vespius whispered, repeating the bishop’s words, “It came to me.”
He reopened his eyes, and like in a trance, he paced over to a large trunk that sat by his dresser, and after opening it with a key that was hidden inside the buckle of his belt; he lifted the lid, and eyed the contents with a mixture of glee and foreboding.
He elevated the great red helmet up from its hiding place, a beautiful crimson color it was, and shining. It was impressively large, with two curved horns coming out of the side. It was so heavy that it needed a shoulder piece and collar connected to it, and was specially made just for Vespius’ large head and thin neck. He put the menacing headgear on and stood proudly in the middle of his room. His chin was raised high inside the thick metal of the headpiece. His mouth turned downward. His eyes suddenly became cold and cruel.
“The world’s armies fell before him!” He proclaimed loudly inside the helmet. His voice was deep, and echoed inside his metal and lead encased skull.  In his long, black chamber robe he lengthened his stride and took two large steps to the window. “Their leaders bowed to him. The world was his, and everyone…EVERYONE…looked upon him with fear, envy and respect!”
He raised his arms up and outward. His hands opened wide. He smiled a devilish smile, and loudly spoke:
“I am Vespius! Emperor of the World!”

****

On the other side of Rottweillor Castle, in a small guest room, Oldsmobill lay in bed and stared at a shard of moonlight as it gradually made its way down a wall to his left. While his eyes studied the rectangular glow, his mind pondered the events of the last few days. He tried to discern from all that had happened what the possible future might hold for him. He had so many questions. What did Vespius have to do with him and his quest? How was the vision stone connected to all of this? What happened to Johann? How will I ever find four carpenters? 
He watched the ray of light for hours, until his mind grew quite tired of all the intense reflections and suppositions, and he eventually surrendered to the fatigue, and fell into a deep sleep. He awoke about an hour later and hastily sat up in the bed. His eyes searched the darkness until he found the beam of light. He looked upon it for a few seconds and then looked down at his hands. He blinked and looked again. He lifted his hands up and moved them closer to his eyes. He was amazed to find that his hands were nearly invisible. They appeared to be just a faint mist that was spreading out in all directions. As he continued to stare at what was once flesh and bone, every elemental particle of his being moved further and further apart and faded into the darkness of the room. Before long, his entire body was gone. Then the room itself disappeared and darkness filled his mind.
For several minutes all he could fathom was a deep, inky blackness, and then a spark of light appeared, like a dying flame of a candle – it was tiny and blue – bright enough only to reveal the faded outline of an old bearded man sleeping upon a small cot made of hay and sheets of paper.  The man’s eyes fluttered open. He slowly rose and looked in the direction of Oldsmobill.
“I remember when this moment would happen…” Bishop Lamprey whispered. “I remember seeing this…yes…yes. I have seen it before.”
The old man smiled and clasped his hands together. His head swiveled back and forth. “I have been given a brief respite between the visions, is this because of your presence? I can’t remember, but I think this is how I remembered it. Right?”
Olds tried to speak, but the only words that were heard were inside his own mind. The old man waved his finger in the air. “Yes, yes, now I remember! No, wait. This is a vision. No, it is happening now. No...yes...yes, I think I remember seeing it happen before or am I seeing it…as it happens?” He shook his head violently and pressed his palms upon his eyes. “No…I must hurry. The time is short before the next wave assaults me.” He looked up, his fingers splayed in the air and he began giggling.
“Ha! Did you hear what I said? Ha! Time is short…yes, time is short…hee-hee.” Bishop Lamprey then composed himself with a nervous clearing of his throat. He lifted a hand to the scattered remains of Oldsmobill and began to whisper.
“I know who you are. I have seen you in my memories. I have written of you and witnessed the outcome of your life. Your name is Oldsmobill and you were given the quest. Yes, yes, I know all about you.”
His eyes darted about, but he was surrounded only by darkness. Olds could not discern if he was in a room, or a cell, or hayloft.
“You are destined for great things, young one. Wonderful things. But, you must face many troubles and pitfalls. Yes. Yes. Or, have you already encountered them? Perhaps I’m telling you…no…right, right…Oldsmobill. That is the name you have been given, yes. Listen, my friend, you may have already felt the pains and discouragement of rejection, but you must carry on. Not everyone will understand your intentions, but do not let their disfavor dampen your spirits. They will doubt you. They will cause you to doubt yourself…and they will make you ask yourself if what you are doing is worth the effort…”
“Oh, brave knight, listen to me. Listen. For I have seen the future and I know how everything ends…everything, my friend. And I can honestly tell you that the path you are on is most definitely worth the effort. It will result in something amazing happening, but that is still to come. For you…oh, yes…you will discover that it is not the end that brings great change, but the road you must take in order to reach that end. It is the journey, Oldsmobill…the journey, and not the destination, that will show you who you are and what you are a part of.”
“Yes, I know, this entire adventure has been strange and unusual, but believe me when I say that the reward will be worth the effort. Remember that…it is worth it…even if no one else understands…it is worth doing, if only so that you may say that you did it.”
The bishop turned and began shuffling through some of the papers piled upon a little table. He held them up to Olds, and Olds wanted desperately to reach out for them, and to ask the bishop a few questions, but he could not speak, or reach for the papers, or even touch Lamprey, for every atom that once made up his body had been dispersed into the shadowy atmosphere.
The bishop threw the handful of papers into the air. He raised his arms and softly spoke again, “I have seen the beginning and the end. I have witnessed how apes became human and how they slowly sloughed off the lessons this world taught them for so many thousands of years. As a species, we are but children, born in a world where life survives primarily by killing and feeding off of other life. That is the cycle. A horrible, vicious cycle. I have watched it…seen it unfold a thousand times. But it is a necessary cycle, for only in such a savage world may a creature be produced that can rise above the very violence that created it.”
The old man rubbed his fingers through his wild, gray hair. His eyes widened, and he began to smile. “Oh, what noble and magnificent beings are we…born upon a world that was steeped in blood long before we arrived, and we have prospered, not because we were made specifically for this world, but because we were so ill-suited to survive in at all.
“And yet, we did survive, and we have even begun to rise above it…slowly…gradually…yes, yes…we are breaking our bonds with the natural world that created us, and the horrible lessons it has taught us: only the strongest may survive…might makes right…that the lamb will always be devoured by the lion.
“Oh, Oldsmobill, do not despair! For our destination is certain, but this is the path we must take, these are the hard lessons we must learn to reach our final destination. Imagine how amazing it is for a species to even think of such things as good and evil, or ethics and morality, right and wrong…how amazing is it for an animal to have even the slightest concepts of such things…how majestic and noble!
The bishop looked around as if hearing a distant sound. He began to breathe heavier and his movements turned frantic. “It is returning…I must prepare my writing table...pencil…charcoal…paper, yes, of course, I will need the paper…Oh! I can feel it…the mass of visions approach…”
He stopped and looked again toward Olds. His voice grew steady again. “There is something great about you for you have the history of life on this planet encased in every cell of your body…you are a living history…and it is only a matter of time…when you will understand it, and soon after…all will come to realize it as well. Continue the quest…brave knight…never give up. Never, ever give up.”
His eyes rolled into the back of his head as his body seemed inundated by a great charge of electrical energy. He stiffened and then began to write, mumbling words under his breath. “Oldsmobill will look upon the stone…and he will grab hold of it…and the visions will fill his mind…but he will resist the maddening flow…and he will learn to control the visions…and he will gaze upon the beginning of time and upon the end of time…and he will come to understand that they both happen…almost simultaneously…”

Oldsmobill awoke. The words spoken to him by Bishop Lamprey still echoed inside his head. He began looking upon the wall for the little shard of moonlight. He spied it near the floor of the room — just a thin white rectangle of light, surrounded by darkness. He then looked upon his arms and saw the diamond pattern of his pajamas. He smiled and rubbed his hands together and then touched the flesh of his face. He smiled and looked to the high rectangle window in the wall. He stared out at the small area of the night sky that he could see through the opening. He began humming a melody that his mother used to sing to him at night.

“Oh, look to the sky and see the stars. 
So many stars…
More than I can count or see.

Up there, in the darkness, 
So many, many stars…
All shining down on me.”

The song and the memory of the song surprised him, for he had not remembered it in quite a few years. He began to smile and he hummed it again, and then again. Until he closed his eyes and fell back asleep.

*****

Johann sat slumped in the saddle. He watched as the line of horses and riders began vanishing into morning mist that covered the road through the Allegorian Mountains. Rita stopped and turned her horse and stared forlornly upon him. She waved and cried out, “I will find you, Johann…never lose faith. I will find you.”
Johann waved and smiled and then blew her a kiss. She waved her hand one last time and then turned her horse back toward the pass and followed the rest into the mist.
Johann continued to wave, and when he didn’t see her visage anymore, he felt remorseful and alone. He suddenly cupped his hands to his mouth and cried out: “I love you, Rita!”
His voice echoed around the slopes of stone. He waited and intently listened. His eyes scanned the fog for any sign of movement.
There was none. He sighed and slumped again upon his saddle. He thought: ‘Did I wait too long to tell her, or did she hear me and choose not to answer?’ 
He didn’t know. He wondered if he would ever know. 
He continued to look upon the gray blanket of mist and thought that perhaps he should go after her. She wasn’t that far ahead of him, and he could probably catch up to her in no time. He could see if she had heard him, or maybe escort her through the pass, or maybe on to Dripplesburg…or maybe…maybe…
He began envisioning a life with her ― settled down in a nice little cottage, with ‘little Johanns’ running around ― a quiet life, spent enjoying each other’s love and company. Maybe they could move to Timbrook and have a nice little ditch to call their own, or maybe to Fouldune and start a business like Harv and Delores had done, and encourage each other and together, yes, they could make it work. Or, maybe they could buy a boat and sail the rivers of the world, or venture out into a real ocean, which Johann would really like to see, or perhaps take a voyage to Ireland and visit the birthplace of his father. He would like that too, for any place called the ‘Emerald Isle’ must surely be a beautiful land to behold. Or maybe they’d just stay in Dripplesburg and start a new life together.
They could have a family, a real family, which was something Johann thought he had never really had, and wouldn’t that, in and of itself, be something well worth accomplishing.
He sighed again, this time very loud and pronounced. He then slowly turned and looked at the road leading southward. As a smile began to form upon his face, he flicked the reins and his horse started to trot down the old road toward Rottweillor. He gave the horse a little kick, and with a snort, the horse began galloping. 
Ahead lay an unknown future with a strange knight on a quest given to him by a talking bowl of oatmeal. As unusual as it all was, that chance meeting had sent Johann out of his solitary life in the swamps and into an adventure. He had to see it through. Maybe what Rita had said was right, maybe this wasn’t truly Oldsmobill’s quest, but his own.
He thought of all this, while galloping down the road to Rottweillor. He only hoped that when his last days were upon him, he would not regret traveling down this particular road, in this particular direction, in this particular chunk of time.



***




