The Corona Camp Diaries


Memoirs of a Gormless Senior British Officer
In 
STALAG CORONA

By
Lieut Col Agamemnon Carruthers–Brown,
(Ghost written by Martin Usher)
The Corona Camp Diaries
By Martin Usher
Copyright 2021 Martin Usher
Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Contents
Foreword
Part One: Coronaditz
Interlude
Part Two: Revenge of the virus
Part Three: Stalag Corona Camp 2
Part Four: Corona Camp ‘21
Appendix: The Real News Headlines
Acknowledgements

Foreword
Written by Martin Usher,
Lieut Col Caruthers Brown’s Ghost Writer
My sister and I were fortunate enough to be brought up in a home of love and laughter. My father was an enthusiastic amateur actor and had seen out the tail end of World War II in the Far East. He was always telling outrageous stories of the characters he came across in the forces; the stories always featured "Whizz, Bang" characters, whose names were pronounced quite differently from the way they were spelt.  Carruthers Brown (pronounced Carruthers Brine), ponffonby (pronounced Ponssonby, but always spelt with a small p and two f’s), Charlesmondley Smythe (pronounced Chumley Smythe) and my favourite Farquharson (pronounced far-quar-ki-son)
Whenever we were on holiday it was impossible for my Dad to climb a sand dune without saying “I can't take another step Farquharson, you go on. Save yourselves” as he dropped to the floor clutching his parched throat. It was inevitable therefore that the whole family would see the funny side of everything and we would always turn to humour in difficult times. 
Take for example the time when my Dad, Sister and I were sat in a funeral parlour.  My Mum had died a couple of days before, very suddenly and unexpectedly in her sleep.  She and my Dad had been childhood sweethearts and were devoted to one another for 62 years. My Dad asked the Funeral Director how many floral tributes we could put on the coffin for the funeral.
The Funeral Director replied “Well, errr, how tall was she?” To his consternation all three of us began to laugh and you may also wonder what we found so funny in this desperate situation? What he didn't know was that all three of us had subconsciously added the tagline in our heads “If only she’d been run over by a steamroller, you could have had as many flowers as you wanted!”
Cast your mind back now to March 2020 when the Corona Virus was declared a pandemic and no one knew if this was just a minor irritation, like a flu outbreak, or the Zombie Apocalypse come to end the word. Naturally I thought I could lighten the mood of our extended family by creating a WhatsApp group and posting regular funny observations on the world we found ourselves in. Immediately my late Father’s characters came to mind and I created Lieutenant Colonel Caruthers Brown and imagined that he was the Senior British Officer of a Colditz style prisoner of war camp named “Stalag Corona”
This book is the daily diary ramblings of the hapless commander with his take on life in the camp and his commentary on what was going on in the world outside the wire (see Appendix) and was sent to my family on a daily basis.  
My sister thought it would be amusing if she added a weekly summary of my posts to her church newsletter to brighten up the world of all the parishioners, also locked up and possibly lonely. The newsletter became more and more popular and people from all over the country started to sign up for it to find out what was going on in the Corona Camp. I then started to get suggestions that it should all be turned into a book.
What follows is not intended to upset or insult anyone; it is a bit of frivolous nonsense. I stress I do take Corona Virus seriously, I just endeavoured to lighten the mood.
I must also stress that the entries have no political bias BUT some days you just don't have to make anything up, the news can just be hilarious!

Dedicated to
Leading Aircraftman Tom Usher
4/8/1924 - 30/4/2004
For you Tommy ze voor is oh-fer!!
Part One
CORONADITZ
Week 1
Coronaditz Day 1
(Monday 16th March).
There I was minding my own business, at my day job ordering paper clips for Catterick Barracks, when the Boristasi burst into my office and asked me to confirm that I was Lieut. Col. Carruthers Brown. When I agreed that was me, they told me I was their prisoner and in no time at all I was transported to Stalag Corona (commonly called Coronaditz). I now find myself the Senior British Officer in charge of running the Camp and its inmates.
I think it may be useful if you follow my memos set out below.
Camp Update:
Talk of a tunnel has raised its ugly head. Tomorrow I will check the loft to see how much soil we can store there. Meanwhile a suggestion has been made that we set up a secret telephone communication system using old toilet rolls and string that will have to wait though because no toilet rolls can be found for love or money. Generally morale is good, but it's still early days and it could all go south at any moment. More secret communications will follow when the Boristasi are looking the other way.
(Conversation in the tunnel)
Farquharson: As long as rice pudding doesn't feature in the rations I'm staying down in the bunker. But if rice pudding is on the menu, I'll take my chances.
Carruthers Brown: We need the tins for digging.
Coronaditz Day 2
(Tuesday 17th March)
Camp Update:
Overnight there was some confusion over the manufacture of a wooden horse to enable the tunnel to start, Hut P however have produced a commendable rocking horse given the lack of available materials.
Intelligence Update:
Managed to evade the Boristasi guards to get to the local shop. The locals seemed very friendly, if a little standoffish. Of particular intelligence note is that we must be near some medical establishment because there were a number of people who had obviously just nipped out of a hospital and had forgotten to take off their surgical masks.
Escape update:
Work on a glider has begun but any flight will have to be timed to avoid any light aircraft flying over us, as they land very close by.
Coronaditz Day 3
(Wednesday 18th March)
Camp Update:
Morale has not improved overnight, as senior officer I have taken the decision to continue with the daily floggings every day at 5:00pm until morale improves.
Closure of the local Centre Parcs has led to an unexpected problem. I've just had to chase a family of 7 out of the pond by Hut F. If they had just been sitting there that would have been OK but when they demanded I turn on the wave machine it was too much.
Intelligence Update:
Avoiding the Boristasi again we managed to take a vehicle into the local town. How things can change in a few days! There was a pile of cash left outside a cash point whilst Securicor were delivering toilet rolls.
Tunnel update:
On a local note the inmates of Hut "P" (so named because it's closest to the septic tank) have run into trouble with their tunnel when they accidentally broke through into the aforesaid septic tank. It kicked up quite a stink I can tell you!
Coronaditz Day 4
(Thursday 19th March)
Camp Update:
Received the first Red Cross Parcel this morning, although I’m not sure they have thought of the sensitivities of our situation when it came to the lemonade or beer (they sent Corona!!!!).
Disappointing progress on the tunnel overnight as our digging tool is broken beyond repair; to be honest we were asking a lot of a plastic spoon.
More worrying though - the wooden horse has contracted Equine Flu and to make matters worse it already has an underlying condition of woodworm. We are not very hopeful he will make it!
Intelligence Update:
I've been watching a repeat of Boris' press conference and I’ve noticed there are only ever 3 podiums set up. This leads me to believe that:-
1) Boris has only 2 friends at any one time.
OR
2) Because he lives in a very narrow house there isn't enough room for a 4th podium, in fact if one WAS set up it would actually be in another room (probably No 11 Downing Street).
Medical Update
Earlier in the day our agent in the field Sub-Lieutenant ponffonby was believed to have discovered the source of COVID 19 whilst clearing out the crèche toy box, at the local church hall, Further analysis by the path lab showed what was thought to be the source of COVID 19 turned out to be Cola Zero that some toddler had split in the toy box.
Coronaditz Day 5
(Friday 20th March)
Camp Update:
Auditions for the camp concert party have begun. Although the quality of singing is extremely poor, I think the guards will like it. I am basing this assumption on the intelligence that millions of people who can't sing are being encouraged to sing badly on the internet. I am told this is because the Corona virus doesn't like off tune collective singing, apparently this is why the virus is so prevalent in Italy because they are all trained opera singers there.
Medical Update:
Thanks to all those who expressed concern over Neddy, the wooden horse, unfortunately we have had to rename him Blaze, after an unfortunate incident with an unguarded candle. Those who witnessed his untimely end all agreed it's what he would have wanted.
Technical Update:
Our boffin has come up with a perfect social distancing device. It is a waistcoat with 4 sharpened broomsticks attached - one points forward, one points backwards and one sticking out either side. The boffin claims this device is 100% effective and as soon as he manages to get through the workshop shed doorway he will be demonstrating this.
Coronaditz Day 6
(Saturday 21st March)
Camp Update:
Good News! Hut P have come up with a viable escape plan. As you know Hut P is so named because of its proximity to the septic tank. They are going to harness the methane being given off by that very septic tank and create a balloon to carry them silently over the wire. Half of the inmates are busy sewing together bed sheets and underpants to create the balloon and half are collecting the methane in upturned saucepans, mugs etc. There has been one unintended consequence however; everyone has had to stop production temporarily, while they scrounge around for bits of wood to build a ladder before their next meal, because all their cookware and crockery has floated up into the rafters.
Medical Update:
Sadly I have to report the hospitalisation of one of our inmates, not from Corona Virus but from an unfortunate incident at the back of Hut P; Private Cuthbertson ignored the warning on the side of his packet of cigarettes that said "Smoking can seriously damage your health" and lit up at the back of Hut P. Unfortunately the spark from his lighter ignited the stored methane in the hut which blew out the wall onto Cuthbertson. As luck would have it all the occupants of Hut P were on a tea break outside at the time. It is now however possible to identify the occupants of Hut P because they are the ones with no eyebrows!
(Conversation in Quartermaster’s Stores)
Carruthers Brown: Ah Charlesmondley Smythe you're back from fetching supplies. So what have you procured for our dinner tonight?
 Charlesmondley Smythe: Well Sir I have Easter eggs, spinach leaves and the last box of Weetabix.
Carruthers Brown: Well that sounds interesting CS - so what is the kitchen putting on in the mess tonight then.
Charlesmondley Smythe: Well Sir we thought we'd cook Bonne Surprise.
Carruthers Brown: Didn't we have that yesterday?
Charlesmondley Smythe: No Sir tonight we're having the vegetarian option.
Carruthers Brown: I see, but what about the dairy free inmates?
Charlesmondley Smythe: Well Sir as the Prime Minister said "Sadly we shall lose some loved ones".
Coronaditz Day 7
(Sunday 22nd March)
Camp Update
Last night we were allowed out of the camp on 2hrs parole so thought there would be plenty of time for a swift half down the pub. What we found though was every single pub shut! It seems the shock of the virus had turned all the locals teetotal.
Roll Call
I think after last night’s revelries we need to have a roll call:-
Lieutenant Colonel Carruthers Brown
Sub Marine Perry Scope
Lieutenant Charlesmondley Brown
Sub Lieutenant ponffonby Smythe
Lieutenant Farquharson
Lieutenant Albert (RN)
Sergeant Major Look-Major-Stare
Pope Sixtus lV (huh??? Yes no one expects the Spanish Inquisition)
(Conversation on the parade ground)
Charlesmondly Brown: You’ve forgotten fforbes Hamilton sir, I don’t think he heard.
Carruthers Brown: fforbes Hamilton, is he a new inmate?
Charlesmondly Brown: No sir, he’s been here all along, he’s from the Observer Corps.
Carruthers Brown: Observer Corps???!!! No wonder we’re in such a state, he was probably asleep when the invasion started.
Entertainment Update:
Apparently Lieut Charlesmondley Brown was a hot-shot radio producer in civvy street and has set up a camp radio breakfast show on a station that he is calling "CB radio" with the tag line "All the hits and more". The only problem is that he currently only has 2 LPs from the 1970s "Now that's what I call music 6" and "The Nolans sing Heavy Metal" but he says he is very hopeful of increasing his ratings from the current figure of 4m (that's men not million). Tomorrow's record of the day will be Coleen Nolan's version of Motorhead's ‘Ace of Spades’.
Week 2
Coronaditz Day 8
(Monday 23rd March)
Camp Update
We've heard something from Boris, he’s writing to 1.5 million people to tell them they need to be shielded. Hut F have started work on that already, this morning's delivery of metal has them banging away in their work shed busy making said shields.
Supplies update:
The quartermaster sent everyone out to forage for food this morning. Lieutenant Farquharson reported Aldi was almost exclusively populated by men, on their own, phoning up their other halves with questions like " what do we normally have" and "they haven't got tuna in oil what shall I get instead?" 
I'm assuming similar conversations went on in Waitrose except their deliberation would be over caviar, smoked salmon and champagne.
Coronaditz Day 9
(Tuesday 24th March)
Security Update
It has been reported that we have intruders trying to breach our 12 ft high security fence. Apparently parents, who can’t take homeschooling any longer, have been trying to break in.
Coronaditz Day 10
(Wednesday 25th March)
Health Update:
My Naval colleagues in the camp have brought to my attention the imminent danger of scurvy amongst the inmates. It's not that we are short of fresh fruit and vegetables, it‘s just that because of the closure of all the pubs and clubs every single piece of fruit and veg is being commandeered by the men to brew beers, wines and spirits
Competition Time:
This week's camp competition is Misheard Lyrics. The winner will be excused karaoke duties.
I'll start with Abba's ‘Super Trouper’
"I was sick and tired of everything when I called you last night from Tesco……."
Or Celine Dion ‘My heart will go on’
“Once more I blew off the door…….”
Coronaditz Day 11
(Thursday 26th March)
Camp Notices:
This evening's meal will be followed by a first aid demonstration on dealing with food poisoning.
The Amateur Dramatic group are auditioning for their production of Hamlet, in due course everyone will be invited to watch this - err - tragedy.
The Psychic club, I think you know what I'm saying.
The Low Self Esteem support group will meet as usual in hut F, please use the small back door.
Weight Watchers will also meet in hut F, please use the large double doors at the front.
The Forward Planning group meeting has been cancelled, due to unforeseen circumstances.
Finally I realise that we are currently all facing a stressful time so if you are at all stressed or need to talk to anyone about your concerns please please don't come snivelling to me.
By Order of Lieut. Col. Carruthers Brown
Coronaditz Day 12
(Friday 27th March)
Intelligence update:
As you can imagine getting reliable intelligence into the camp can be difficult and whilst we have agents out on the ground sometimes their reports can appear mixed up. I am reliably informed however that yesterday evening there was a spontaneous outbreak of gratitude to carers for the clap. Now while the care of people with sexually transmitted diseases is important I would have thought that an appreciation for those who are caring for people with Corona would have been more appropriate.
Economics update:
My agents report that the railways have been re-nationalised, 80% of workers are now being paid by the state to do nothing and the NHS is having new hospitals built in only two weeks. It only remains for everyone to be given free broadband and the Tories will have delivered every single item on Labour's election manifesto! Apparently not only was there a magic money tree but Boris found but a whole forest of them!
Coronaditz Day 13
(Saturday 28th March)
Newsflash
I've been reliably informed that Boris now has the Corona virus and has passed it on to his colleagues. Apparently his authority has been passed down the chain of command through the cabinet then on to junior ministers but they're dropping like flies. The Nuclear Button has now been passed to the only healthy person left in Number 10, Doris, the cabinet office cleaner. Don't anyone suggest there's a greasy mark on Number 10s front door or KABOOOM.
Coronaditz Day 14
(Sunday 29th March)
Camp advertisements:
For sale large Rottweiler, eats anything, very fond of small children.
Would the owner of the sheep that wandered into camp last week please collect them before Sunday lunch time or what remains of them after.
Thank you to those people who helped fix the whining sound coming from the back of my car, the annoying child has now been removed.
Home front update: 
Boris is writing to every household about the Corona Virus. I have warned every hut in camp to quarantine their letter for 7 days before opening it. This seems a sensible approach given that Boris has the virus and he will be licking each envelope flap.
Quartermaster’s Report 
I believe the time has come to put the men in the camp on rations, whilst we have plenty of food at the moment we can't get another camp delivery spot with Tesco until mid July. 
 Week 3
Coronaditz Day 15
(Monday 30th March)
Agony Column:
Dear Lieut Col Carruthers Brown
Recently I left my house as normal to go to work. After driving for about 3 minutes my car 'stalled'. I started it again but after about another 5 minutes it stalled again and this time it would not start again so I started to walk back home.
The walk back to my home took me about 45 minutes. When I entered my house I found my husband in bed with our neighbour's daughter. You can imagine my surprise and horror. I was absolutely devastated. I just burst out crying.
I am 45 years old and my husband is 49. The neighbour's daughter is only 18. My husband has since confessed to me that he has been having an affair with this young lady for over 9 months but refuses to believe that he is doing anything wrong and in fact claims that the whole situation is mainly my fault. I have been totally faithful to my husband throughout our 21 years of marriage.
Please, please advise me as I do not know what to do. I cannot stop crying.
Yours sincerely.
Anon (Hut D)
Lieutenant Colonel Carruthers Brown’s reply
Dear Anon
Try not to get too upset I get a lot of letters like yours and I advise you the following:
When a car stalls and refuses to restart, it tends to mean that the problem is often fuel related. Owing to the fact that it refused to start the second time, leads me to believe that either the injectors or the fuel lines are blocked as there appears to be insufficient fuel pressure reaching the pistons.
If you wish I can supply you with contact details of some very good mechanics that may be able to assist you.
I hope this is of some help and comfort to you.
I know it is difficult. But try to pull yourself together after all it is only a car.
Yours sincerely
Lieut Col Carruthers Brown
Intelligence Update: 
Our intelligence analysts in Hut Q have been looking at recent news articles and providing a summary of their interpretations.
The Mercedes F1 team have been tasked with making ventilators. It is believed this is so patients can be rushed into A&E where 8 medics will rush forward, all 4 wheels of their trolley jacked up, a ventilator slapped on, a refuelling cannula shoved in and all vital sign biometrics downloaded and the patient wheeled back out to a Nightingale Hospital in 7.4 seconds.
Flight attendants from EasyJet are being recruited to work at said Nightingale Hospitals. This is because they have a proven ability to walk backwards down an aisle with a trolley. They will however have to be encouraged not to stop at every bed on the way to sell them a scratch card.
Coronaditz Day 16
(Tuesday 31st March)
Camp Update: 
As we approach the 2 week mark of our confinement I thought it would be useful to summarise our progress so far. Work on tunnels has had to cease, not only did Hut P (so called because of its proximity to the septic tank) run into difficulties when they hit the septic tank and Hut F lost their wooden horse to Equine Flu but those tunnels that were more successful were being invaded by parents breaking in to escape their children. Health & fitness classes have begun and sprint running is proving popular for those hoping to outrun the virus. 
Our main agent in the field, Lieut Pfforbes Hamilton (the pee is silent, as in trousers) continues to provide intelligence updates. The value of these reports is limited however because there's not that much to report on crops growing in a field. 
Finally I’d like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for maintaining their social distance. Hopefully the showers will be fixed soon so that we can approach one another again. 
Welsh Intelligence Update: 
Despite what those inside the M25 think, there is also the whole of the UK outside who are fighting the virus. We have just received this intelligence update from our agent In Wales with his conclusions. The Millennium stadium is being turned into a Nightingale Hospital; there is concern for those in beds under rugby posts that they might get hit by low flying balls as Dan Biggar continues his kicking practice.
 At the news conferences in Number 10 Boris (or his nominated man of the day) always has 2 friends with him, in Scotland Nicola Sturgeon also has 2 friends with her and even Arlene Foster has one friend in Northern Ireland but the Wales Spokesman Mark Drakeford has to deliver the news conference all by himself. 
A campaign is being set up to see if the Welsh First Minister can be found at least one friend. 
Finally the most earth shattering news is that the National Eisteddfod is cancelled to 2021, poets are said to be sobbing in the streets of Aberystwyth. 
Coronaditz Day 17
(Wednesday 1st April)
News Report
The Boristasi have been asked to be more consistent with their interpretation of the current Lockdown laws. This is a great relief to those members of the camp who have been held in the local police station dungeons by what seems to be medieval torture specialists. We have been particularly concerned for Sub Lieut ponffonby Smythe who was held for taking a 2nd exercise stroll when it was only 23 hrs & 59 minutes from the previous one. 
Camp Update
Sadly I have to report a setback in the manufacture of an escape balloon. As you know Hut P (so named because of its proximity to the septic tank) have been sewing together bed sheets and underpants to fill with methane gas harvested from that septic tank. Unfortunately during a test flight there was an incident with the wireless aerial on Hut Q which ripped a hole in the balloon leading the crew to be propelled around the camp at a sickening and random course until they were dumped back through the roof of Hut P. This has not however dampened the zeal of Hut P and they are now working on a space rocket instead. 
Coronaditz Day 18
(Thursday 2nd April)
Camp Update:
Camp life seems to be reflecting life on the outside in that 50% are sitting around in their pyjamas just waiting to be set free and constantly complaining that they’ve got things they could be doing and 50% who are busy taking the opportunity to do all those things they've not had time to do before. 
Particular mention should be made here of Private Smithers-Dimblethorpe who is using the time to meticulously curate his extensive collection of tin openers. The canteen is not so keen though because mysteriously all their mechanical devices have disappeared and they are having to open baked beans with a pencil sharpener. 
Ethics Update: 
There have recently been discussions on the ethics of continuing to plan escapes from the camp. Should we continue trying to escape and mix with the locals? With this in mind I set up an ethics think tank to analyse this problem and tasked Lieut Danvers Walker with chairing it. However I had not realised that Danvers Walker had a severe lisp until he reported back that Ethics is a county Northeast of London and thouth of Thuffolk. 
Coronaditz Day 19
(Friday 3rd April)
Medical Update:
There appears to be a shortage of tests to see if anyone has Covid19. Hut Q have taken up the challenge to develop their own test for the benefit of the camp, the only problem is that the prototype requires 4 pints of blood to provide a result. The unexpected benefit of this test is that everyone can now see who is suspected of having the virus and can be avoided because these are the people who are constantly fainting and look extremely pale. 
Horticultural update: 
Reports have reached the camp that due to the Lockdown garden centres have millions of plants that they can't sell. This is of particular concern to the slugs that live inside the camp wire, what is to become of them? Several slugs have been complaining that no provisions have been made by the government to ease them through this difficult time. In an act of selfless heroism Hut F have started a vegetable garden just to aid those slugs less fortunate than themselves. 
Coronaditz Day 20
(Saturday 4th April)
NHS Update:
We have heard that the Nightingale Hospital is now up and running at the Excel Centre, the only problem is that they haven't got any patients yet to populate it. There have been rumours that the Health Secretary, Matt Hancock, is driving recklessly through London trying to hit people on pedestrian crossings just so that the staff at Nightingale have something to do.
Memo from Lieut Col Carruthers Brown’s to HQ:
Living in close proximity to one another in the camp inevitably leads to petty disagreements and squabbles. For example take the conversation I overheard earlier in Hut F.
Capt. Featherstone (pronounced Fanshaw) "where's Grimthorpe?"
Lieut. Mainwaring (pronounced Mannering) "outside the back of the Hut, sir"
Capt F. "I've just come that way and didn't see him"
Lieut. M "You'd have to dig down a bit sir"
Coronaditz Day 21
(Sunday 5th April)
Important Announcement from Lieut Colonel Carruthers Brown to HQ:
We have received a secret communication that Her Majesty the Queen will be addressing the nation this evening.
I imagine this will be along the lines of “I know what you are going through, I am the first monarch since Charles l to be locked up in Windsor Castle.”
I have ordered all the men, in the camp, to stand to attention during the entire broadcast, even those in intensive care- the beds are to have the head end propped up by at least 7 bricks.
The only man excused will be Lance Corporal Dimblethorpe, who will have to keep pedalling the home-made generator, so that we can listen to the speech on the wireless.  
Supplies Update: 
It turns out, now that some nice weather has arrived, that there is not only a shortage of toilet rolls but also sun block. A number of Huts have been trying to formulate their own concoctions. Hut K thought they'd got a bargain on eBay but it turned out not to be sun block but brilliant white Dulux non drip gloss. Sgt Nkosi of the 4th Nigerian Rifles is extremely upset that the paint won't come off. 
(Conversation in Camp Office)
ponffonby Smythe: I worried that this report is offensive to people of colour Sir!
Carruthers Brown: No Sub Lieut, it’s woke.
ponffonby Smythe: Work Sir??
Carruthers Brown: No Sub Lieut - WOKE. It’s the new PC - to be on point. It’s woke to be upset when you are white and want to be black. I’ve been on the Camp Equalities course (held in the inclusion Hut A-Z) our tutor Ms Moonbeam also said we should aspire to be “trans commissioned” rather than identifying ourselves as either commissioned or non commissioned officers.
ponffonby Smythe: That sounds like sociology mumbo jumbo. Where does Ms Moonbeam live Cloud 9??
Carruthers Brown: No Sub Lieut I just told you - Hut A to Z! I’m surrounded by blithering idiots!!!!
Week 4
Coronaditz Day 22
(Monday 6th April)
Headmaster’s Report:
Yesterday Matt Hancock, in his briefing, said “it's not big and it's not funny to sunbathe in public parks and if that minority continues to act irresponsibly then the whole class will be sent to the naughty step.” 
It's possible that in the future the Boristasi will only let us go out at playtime if we have a note from our mummy. 
Maintenance update: 
Just heard on the wireless (thank you Lance Cpl Dimblethorpe for continuing to pedal) an advertisement from British Gas advising customers to be patient when calling for an engineer to fix their boilers. They suggest looking at their website because it may be something that you can fix yourself. 
Corporal Winterbum took their advice and set to work with his welding set on Hut D's faulty boiler. Although Cpl. Winterbum was not successful, in his endeavours to fix the boiler, he is the first to escape by completely clearing the wire from the resulting explosion. 
Coronaditz Day 23
(Tuesday 7th April)
Message from Lieut Colonel Carruthers Brown to HQ:
As senior officer in the camp I am struggling to interpret the guidance and regulations set by the Boristasi. But it appears that the rules being set up by certain people do not then consequently feel the need to comply themselves.
This has heartened me tremendously so I have therefore decided to implement Draconian measures, in camp, safe in the knowledge that I will not need to abide by any of them!
Coronaditz Day 24
(Wednesday 8th April)
Supplies Update:
Hut W have taken it upon themselves to manufacture their own masks which involves cutting up old socks and attaching elastic bands to either end. So far the prototypes are working well and all other huts are being urged to make their own masks but now that all the socks have been used it seems we will all have bigger shoes to fill!
Sports and Entertainment News
Now that the Olympics has been delayed until 2021 inmates of the camp have been taking their captivity as an opportunity to train for a place in the British team. New events being considered are:-
Breath holding whilst passing other people, 
Speed glove and mask donning, 
Long distance conversations 
Competitive hand washing. 
Coronaditz Day 25
(Thursday 9th April)
Lieut Colonel Carruthers Brown log:
The government continues to hold daily COBRA meetings to plan the country's response. Now while COBRA seems like a dynamic and aggressive acronym it has rather a prosaic reason for its name based on where the meetings are held, Cabinet Office Briefing Room A. Here in camp we also have dynamically named meetings where we formulate our own important strategies at our Hut A Management of Situations, Tasks and Emergency Regulations meetings (HAMSTER).
(Conversation in HAMSTER)
Lance Corporal Dimblethorpe: Are we having a wheel fixed onto Hut A Sir?
Carruthers Brown: What’s that Dimblethorpe? 
Lance Corporal Dimblethorpe: Are we having a hamster wheel fixed onto Hut A Sir? To generate the electricity Sir.
Carruthers Brown: Don’t be daft Hut A will generate enough hot air from the meetings. Now just keep pedalling soldier. Stupid boy!
Literary Allegory Update (+ a warning!):
Managed to evade the guards on the gate yesterday afternoon and went for an hour's walk in the surrounding countryside. With little wind and no traffic or aircraft it was eerily quiet; in fact I'm sure I heard the rustling behind a hedge of young Triffids just biding their time before they take over the post-apocalyptic world. 
Coronaditz Day 26
(Friday 10th April)
Staff Update:
Those working in the camp intensive care ward are fortunate that the Red Cross parcels have contained all the PPE that they needed. I have however been very concerned about their standards of safety today, because they are still insisting on participating in “Dress Down Friday”. 
Escape Committee Minutes
Sub Lieut ponffonby Smythe informed the meeting that the acquisition of some cheap disguise kits, from eBay, sent from China. There is however a problem understanding the instructions. (At first glance the words seem to be in the right order but on closer inspection they make no sense at all). The meeting was shown two examples:-
Specimen 1
"Be ensured to validate face hair wig, upside down contusion may appear on face of perpetrator or other associate if perturbably instituted" 
Specimen 2
”Catch the camouflage and neighbourhood the noose encompassing your hearing receptors, screw the rope at the stern.” 
They are supposed to read:- “Make sure the wig is placed on head the right way up” and “Take the mask and place the loop around your ears- fasten the strings at the back.”
Coronaditz Day 27
(Saturday 11th April)
Lieut Col Carruthers Brown’s Weekly Agony Column:
Dear Lieut Col Carruthers Brown
I am very worried that since being sent to the camp I have become anti-social. I find that I cannot bear to be within 2 metres of anyone and I'm so worried they might breathe on me I have started to wear a face mask. If I go out it is only for a brief walk because I'm frightened I might meet somebody. This is making my life a misery, please can you help me?
Worried (Hut F)
Dear Worried of Hut F
I completely understand your problem and you will be glad to know I can suggest some actions that will ease your anxiety. Go for long drives in the countryside; maybe visit a National Park, Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty or popular beach resort. Take time to browse in the shops in the Town Centre and spend a leisurely afternoon in a pub, bar or restaurant. In no time you will feel less anxious and ready to enjoy the company of others.  I hope this helps
Lieut Col Carruthers Brown
Coronaditz Day 28
(Sunday 12th April)
Scientific Update:
Hut Ph7 is our scientific research unit and they have been working hard on a Corona cure. So far they have been unsuccessful but as a by-product they have discovered a pet mind reading tool. So far they've tested it on a dog "ball, ball, ball, ball" and a cat "tonight you will be mine, sleep tight my pretty ones, not long now." 
Week 5
Coronaditz Day 29
(Monday 13th April)
Ecumenical Update: 
Yesterday Christian religious leaders gave their Easter addresses, for Catholics the Pope gave his address from the empty splendour of the Basilica, Eastern Orthodox followers were treated to the bejewelled splendour of a Cathedral in Cyprus and those in Church of England heard from the Archbishop of Canterbury from.........his kitchen - complete with parrot calendar hanging from a cupboard door. Now while it's the message rather than the setting that is important, how many other people were thinking 'those tiles with that work surface, really?' 
Financial Update: 
My agents have informed me that today is a Bank Holiday, what nobody can ascertain is what they are on holiday from. Apparently the banks were the cause of the last recession and were bailed out by the taxpayer. Now they have the opportunity to return the favour they are missing in inaction. 
Coronaditz Day 30
(Tuesday 14th April)
Accident Report: 
Being locked away from loved ones for 4 weeks can lead to tensions, I therefore have to report our latest casualty, namely Hut K's Captain Chormondley-Burke of the Princess Charlotte's Own Light Cavalry. 
He has been desperately missing his trusty steed 'Lightning Flash' and was driven to crawling under the wire in search of a mount that he could ride just for a short while to remind him of freer days. In the local village he couldn't believe his luck when he found a sturdy horse already saddled up and tethered outside a supermarket entrance ready to go, he enthusiastically jumped on and rode off at breakneck speed. 
Unfortunately the Captain had not checked the girth before mounting and the saddle slipped unseating him and leaving him being dragged along the ground, back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, with one foot caught in the stirrup. When all seemed lost and serious injury inevitable the brave Tesco manager stepped forward and pulled the plug out of the ride.
(Meanwhile back at camp there are further casualties)
ponffonby Smythe: I’ve just done something really silly.
Farquharson: Really what happened?
ponffonby Smythe: I used my roll on pain relief instead of deodorant – but I’m alright I just can’t feel my arms!!!
Farquharson: Well you’re secret is safe with me, I couldn’t tell anyone anyway.
ponffonby Smythe: Why’s that?
Farquharson: I’ve just mistook some denture fixative for toothpaste and it’s setting fast.
Coronaditz Day 31
(Wednesday 15th April)
Wildlife Update:
Last night on the local news it was reported that a whale had washed up on a beach on the North Norfolk coast. People have been warned not to approach it. Presumably that's because no one can find a face mask big enough to go over the whale’s mouth? 
Coronaditz Day 32
(Thursday 16th April)
Theological Update: 
I have just had my washing returned from the camp laundry; it has left me pondering the afterlife. I always wear socks in pairs and put them as a pair in the laundry basket at the end of the day. Why then when I receive my laundry back are there always odd socks in the pile? At the same time whenever I look in my wardrobe there are always more plastic coat hangers. So when socks die are they reincarnated as plastic coat hangers? 
Coronaditz Day 33
(Friday 17th April)
International Affairs update: 
The Boristasi and the rest of Western Europe appear to be dealing with COVID 19 in a similar way, although terms of “Lockdown” vary from country to country. However not all Heads of State are thinking on the same lines as seen at a foreign press conference yesterday (Yes Donald Trump I’m looking at you).  I wonder what it would have been like if he had been the Captain of the Titanic.
There is no iceberg
We won't hit an iceberg
I knew it was an iceberg before anyone else did
No one knows icebergs better than me
The penguins brought the iceberg here
No one could have predicted the iceberg
We cannot allow an iceberg to stop our ship
The crew is spreading fake news about the iceberg
Some Democrats will have to drown
I am the best Captain ever, ask anyone!
Coronaditz Day 34
(Saturday 18th April)
Social Etiquette update: 
Now we are in the age of video calling and conferencing there are new social etiquette questions that need to be answered, particularly when appearing on TV. Is it necessary to wave when first appearing on screen? Everyone does it; even the Duke & Duchess of Cambridge do it. Is it obligatory to have a bookcase behind you to give the air of authority? Should you be treated as a social pariah if you have slow internet speed? Is it necessary to learn how to make the sound of words before your mouth moves? Should you move the mouse pointer off to the edge of the screen or leave it pointing up your nose?
Coronaditz Day 35
(Sunday 19th April)
Escape Committee Briefing:
This week there has been a lot of talk about the fund raising efforts of "Captain Tom". Inspired by this Hut K has decided to raise money for their escape plan by moving their hut closer to the perimeter wire by one foot each day. Their plan is that in 100 days the hut will be next to the wire and the guards won't have noticed the change as they escape through the rear toilet window. In addition they hope to raise enough money to fund their escape on the outside. It is now day 2 of their efforts and the hut is 2 foot closer to the wire and they have raised a commendable £4.70 so far.  
Daily Bugle Small Ads:
Car Repair Service: Free pick-up and delivery. Try us once; you'll never go anywhere again.
For Sale:  Slightly used headstone. Perfect gift for someone named William Peterson.
Computer Tech Support:  Is your computer malfunctioning and you don't know what to do? You know who to call. Tech-Busters. If you think it's broken, wait until we've finished with it.
For sale:  Antique desk suitable for lady with thick legs and large drawers.
Earrings:  Now is your chance to have your ears pierced and get an extra pair to take home too.
Custom Dry Cleaning:  We do not tear your clothing with machinery. We do it carefully by hand.
Bar Staff required, must be over 18 with at least 20 yrs of bar work experience.
Week 6
Coronaditz Day 36
(Monday 20th April)
Equalities Update:
Yesterday evening Ms Moonbeam, our equalities lead in Hut A-Z, delivered a strongly worded pronouncement to the entire camp at a hastily organised equalities conference. The conference came about as a result of an unseemly mêlée at yesterday's lunch; there was a violent disagreement between the Vegans Vegetarians and Piscatorians over whether they should sit at separate tables. The ensuing fracas with bread roll grenades, celery spears and the odd slap in the face with a wet kipper was short but violent. It can only be viewed as fortunate that the meat eaters didn't get involved as they were outside at the time cooking a BBQ.
At the conference Ms Moonbeam urged a full and frank exchange of ideas from all concerned and to enable this she ensured that all the leaders and supporters, or anyone else wanting to speak, were 'No Platformed'. Her final ultimatum was that anyone who did not show their full support on her views on inclusion would be permanently excluded.
Coronaditz Day 37
(Tuesday 21st April)
Business Losses:
It is with great sadness that I have to mention the loss of a few local businesses around the town.
The bra manufacturer has gone bust.
The specialist in submersibles has gone under.
The manufacturer of food blenders has gone into liquidation.
A dog kennel supplier has had to call in the retrievers.
The suppliers of paper for origami enthusiasts have folded.
The Heinz factory has been canned as they couldn't ketchup with orders.
The tarmac laying company has reached the end of the road.
The bread company has run out of dough.
The clock manufacturer has had to wind down.
The Chinese Take Away has been taken away.
The shoe shop has had to put his foot down and given his staff the boot.
And finally the launderette has been taken to the cleaners!
Coronaditz Day 38
(Wednesday 22nd April)
News Roundup:
Hut P (so called because of its proximity to the septic tank) continue their tunnelling efforts. There has been surprise that despite digging 500 yards they have still not reached the wire. One possible reason is that in the main the tunnellers are right handed which causes the tunnel to veer to the right all the time and as a result they are going round in circles.
Following the severe divisions caused by Ms Moonbeam's inclusivity summit earlier this week she has decided that it would be better if she took up a position elsewhere. Next week Ms Moonbeam will be moving to South Georgia to work with the penguin population there, she believes they are more likely to accept her belief that everyone should look and act the same. It has been reported however that the human population of this remote Antarctic Island are horrified and are planning an escape in open boats similar to Ernest Shackleton's arrival but in the opposite direction.
Captain Fortesque is reportedly not keeping social distance, particularly with the younger female members of the camp. The only person who he is regularly distanced from is Mrs Fortesque. Rumour has it that he is in the doghouse so often his dog now welcomes him with "Good evening sir, welcome back. Will this be an overnight visit or your usual prolonged stay?"
Coronaditz Day 39
(Thursday 23rd April)
Supplies Update: 
Following a shortage of PPE the camp have had to start making their own. The DIY club, located in Huts B&Q, have taken the lead in making scrubs and masks. Unfortunately the only material available was zebra print and leopard print so while the resulting outfits are very stylish a new problem has emerged, those in zebra print have become very nervous of going outside when those in leopard print are roaming the compound. Whilst no actually dangerous incidents have happened yet one zebra is reported to have climbed up a telegraph pole to get away from a leopard. 
Coronaditz Day 40
(Friday 24th April)
Scientific Update:
With all the talk of a vaccine being developed the Boffins in Hut B have been hard at work on their own solution. Rather than going down the normal immunotherapy route the Boffins have a more innovative solution and have decided the best way to stop someone getting the virus is to encase them in an acrylic block rather like we used to make key rings as children, obviously there is no need for the split ring on the top in this case. Lance Cpl Dimblethorpe bravely stepped forward to be the first test subject and was encased yesterday in the acrylic with just a filtered tube for breathing and drinking. After Dimblethorpe's first drink of protein shake the Boffins realised the flaw in their design when he asked to go to the toilet. It took most of the night and 7 men to chip a relieved Dimblethorpe out of the block and it's back to the drawing board for the Boffins. 
Coronaditz Day 41
(Saturday 25th April)
Medical Update:
The Medics in Huts A&E have been conducting their own medical trials following the latest medical advice coming out of the USA, where Trump suggested swallowing bleach and strong light may kill the virus. Some enlisted men have been asked to swallow 500 watt light bulbs to see if this will kill the virus but they are complaining of side effects, the main one being an inability to sleep because they can't turn the light off. The Medics are also gathering together bottles of Cillit Bang, Jif and Fairy Liquid to see which one works best on an intravenous drip.
Stop press: All further trials have been cancelled; apparently Trump says it was all a joke. Those men who swallowed the light bulbs will however have to let nature take its course. On the plus side the enlisted men's latrines will be better lit than before.
Coronaditz Day 42
(Sunday 26th April)
Phone Signal Update:
There have been recent concerns over the role of 5G in the current virus situation. I called a meeting of our phone signal Boffins from Hut O2 who have assured me that the 5G signal is entirely harmless. You may think me slightly cautious but I believe it wise to keep the tin foil lining in my hut and will continue to wear a metal colander on my head at night.
Week 7
Coronaditz Day 43
(Monday 27th April)
Sports Update:
As you know it should have been the London Marathon yesterday. By chance we did happen to end up with one camp mate completing a 26.2 mile run. Sgt Grimley took advantage of the gate guard's temporary inattention to run out of the camp. He had already completed 13.1 miles before he realised he had left his phone and keys in his locker so turned round and ran back again to collect them. The now attentive guards were astonished as Sgt Grimley ran back in through the gate and obviously wouldn't let him out again. On the plus side Grimley achieved a personal best of 4hrs 2mins and hopes shortly to not only breach the gate again but also the 4hr barrier
Coronaditz Day 44
(Tuesday 28th April)
Social Media Information Helpline:
Lockdown lingo - are you fully conversant with the new terminology?
*Coronacoaster*
The ups and downs of your mood during the pandemic. You’re loving Lockdown one minute but suddenly weepy with anxiety the next. It truly is “an emotional coronancoaster”.
*Quarantinis*
Experimental cocktails mixed from whatever random ingredients we have left in the quartermaster’s stores. The boozy equivalent of a “store cupboard supper”. Southern Comfort and Ribena quarantini with a glacé cherry garnish, anyone? These are sipped at “locktail hour”, i.e. wine o’clock during Lockdown, which seems to be creeping earlier with each passing week. 
*Coronials*
As opposed to millennials, this refers to the future generation of babies conceived or born during coronavirus quarantine. They might also become known as “Generation C” or, more spookily, “Children of the Quarn”.
*Furlough Merlot*
Wine consumed in an attempt to relieve the frustration of being in Lockdown. Also known as “bored-eaux” or “cabernet tedium”.
*Coronadose*
An overdose of bad news from consuming too much media during a time of crisis. Can result in a panicdemic.
*The elephant in the Zoom*
The glaring issue during a videoconferencing call that nobody feels able to mention. e.g. one participant has dramatically put on weight, suddenly sprouted terrible facial hair or has a worryingly messy hut visible in the background.
*Quentin Quarantino*
An attention-seeker using their time in Lockdown to make amateur films which they’re convinced are funnier and cleverer than they actually are.
*Covidiot* 
One who ignores public health advice or behaves with reckless disregard for the safety of others can be said to display “covidiocy” or be “covidiotic”. Also called a “lockclown”
*Goutbreak*
The sudden fear that you’ve consumed so much wine, cheese, home-made cake and Easter chocolate in Lockdown that your ankles are swelling up like a medieval king’s. 
*Antisocial distancing*
Using health precautions as an excuse for snubbing other campmates and generally ignoring people you find irritating. 
*Coughin’ dodger*
Someone so alarmed by an innocuous splutter or throat-clear that they back away in terror.
*Covid-10*
The 10lbs in weight that we’re all gaining from comfort-eating and comfort-drinking. Also known as “fattening the curve.
Coronaditz Day 45
(Wednesday 29th April)
Escape Committee Update:
Following the heavy rain of the past couple of days it has been announced by the Royal Naval contingent (housed in Huts R&N) that they have been busy building an escape boat. They plan to wait until global warming has raised the sea level sufficiently for them to row over the wire. There are of course a couple of problems associated with this escape plan. Firstly, the Lockdown has reduced the amount of emissions being produced around the world and so global sea level rise will no doubt be slowing. Secondly, and probably more pertinent to the immediate chances of a waterborne escape, is the fact that the camp is 65 miles from the nearest coast and 100 metres above sea level. Undeterred Huts R&N continue to build their boat despite complaints from their campmates that the continual need for wood means they now only have 2 slats under their bunk mattresses.
Coronaditz Day 46
(Thursday 30th April)
Political Update:
Apparently Boris missed Prime Minister Questions again yesterday up to now he has never faced the new leader of the opposition. First he was on Easter break, then he was in hospital, next he said his partner was having a baby. We can now only speculate that next week he will say that he will have to miss PMQs because he's got to attend the funeral of Humphrey, the Downing Street cat.
Camp Orders:
All men need to be on parade at 8:00hrs, standing to attention, to observe the camp flypast that Lieut Col Carruthers Brown has organised for the troops. The chaps from Huts R, A and F will be manning a Spitfire and a Hurricane. Your orders are to enjoy this! Clapping and cheering will be allowed but in a CIVILISED manner men. Remember we are not hooligans at a football match!
Stop Press (from Lieut Col Carruthers Brown):
Capt fforbes Hamilton, listening to his wireless set this lunchtime heard on the BBC World News, that there have been rumours that some bloke called Captain Tom, who lives in the next village to our camp, thinks our magnificent flying display has been for his benefit. Anyone who has information on this man – who he is, what he’s done, etc, etc report to me as I’m much too busy doing important work running this camp to be concerned with this issue???
Coronaditz Day 47
(Friday 1st May)
Sports Update:
Following the escape strategy Huts R&N have drawn up that involves waiting for global sea levels to rise so that they can row over the fence, Sub-Marine Perry-Scope has suggested a new sport to be included in this year's Sport's Day, submarine racing. As a layman in such a sport it does seem to me that, for the spectator, it would be a bit like watching synchronised swimming without the underwater camera; just the occasional limb breaking the surface or, in this case, the occasional periscope popping up and the rest of the time a boring seascape. I suppose at least we can look forward to seeing the crew, with false grins, parading in a strange walk towards their submarine at the beginning, similar to the swimmers’ appearance for their show.
Coronaditz Day 48
(Saturday 2nd May)
Scientific Update based on the Boristasi Report:
Test, test test!
We endured a visit from a Whitehall chappie, called Haycock, or something similar, yesterday. Our test procedure was rigorously examined.
As you know tests in Huts G,C,S and E were halted at the end of March. We have complied but we are still awaiting the results of our actions.
My intelligence operatives tell me that the new buzzword from the Government is the R number. This is the number of people one person with the virus is likely to infect. An R number that is more than one leads to exponential growth of the infection and an R number less than one leads to the virus eventually dying out. Apparently the Government's strategy to keep the R number below one after Lockdown is to ramp up testing even more.
This explains why the number of people attending Morning Roll Call, from Hut R, is mysteriously becoming less and less, in spite of all the testing they are doing.
Finally the testing in Hut Pee. I’m awaiting full details from Lieutenant Farquharson, but the inmates themselves seem to be generally pleased with their results, judging by the occasional uproar that emits from that hut, followed by someone running out of the hut brandishing a tiny stick and high fiving everyone.
Coronaditz Day 49
(Sunday 3rd May)
Escape Committee Update: 
I have had to call a temporary halt to all tunnel digging; this is because we are running out of places to put the spoil. The Gardeners and Growers club of Hut G had been building raised beds but they are now so tall that they need ladders to get to the top, also the narrow alleyways between the beds are so deep and dark there is concern that Hut G inmates might get Rickets. 
The rest of the spoil has been secretly dumped in the centre of the compound but the guards have become suspicious with our explanation that Mount Covid is being created by tectonic forces.
The final straw that led me to close down all tunnelling was the disappearance, due to subsidence, of Hut K. Several men from Hut K are still missing, believed to be lost in the maze of tunnels under the camp.
Week 8
Coronaditz Day 50
(Monday 4th May)
Nomenclature update: 
We understand that Boris has named his new son.
 Sub Marine Niamh Perry Scope, Lieut Tristian da Cuna Comondley Brown, Sub Lieut Quadraphina Ponffonby, Lieut Saddam Farquarquson and myself, Lieut Col Agamemnon Carruthers Brown all agree that Wilfred is a silly name.
Coronaditz Day 51
(Tuesday 5th May)
Sports Update: 
Recently international athletes have been competing in their own back gardens. First there was women's shot-put (not sure how their partners felt about that when they mowed the lawn after), then there was men's pole vaulting, even if they did have to start their run up half way up the neighbours drive. 
The camp has been enthused by these competitions and is keen to hold their own Diamond League athletics meeting. Space however is limited and we can only fit a 40 metre running oval in, so the events have had to be scaled back; instead of the 800 & 400 metres there are the 80 & 40 metre races and instead of 200 & 100 metre sprints there are 20 & 10 metre. 
Other events have also been scaled down, the steeple chase is now the small spire race, the long jump is now the short jump, triple jump the double jump and pole vault the short stick vault. 
Events that cannot be scaled down have been replaced with other similar games; the javelin has been replaced with darts, shot-put with marbles and discus with tiddly-winks 
Coronaditz Day 52
(Wednesday 6th May)
Medical Update: 
Apparently there has been a surge in A&E admissions each week at just past 8pm each Thursday, they have been categorised as clap related injuries, when people go outside their homes to clap for the NHS. I can testify that this is the case following last Thursday's incident. Sgt Grimley was sitting on his hut veranda and stood up at 8pm to clap for carers unfortunately Sgt De Witt was standing directly behind him and started clapping at the moment that Sgt Grimley's head was rising between his hands leading to De Witt pounding Grimley ears several times. Grimley called De Witt Dimwit and misheard De Witt's apology due to the ringing in his ears, underlying Hut rivalries came to the surface at this point and an unseemly mêlée ensued with many men getting involved. 
The camp hospital was inundated with casualties ranging from bruised knuckles to a delicate operation to remove an NHS flag that had been shoved up one man's nose. I have decreed that all future regards for carers should be carried out from inside the huts to avoid any further clap related injuries. 
Coronaditz Day 53
(Thursday 7th May)
Intelligence Update: 
My international network of intelligence operatives have reported that the global Lockdown is causing problems for animals in the African game reserves. The lack of tourists and the self isolation of the park rangers mean that the animals have to fend for themselves. One can only speculate as to the fate of these animals, but there are rumours that some elephants have had to take on part time jobs as delivery drivers for Tesco, giraffes are picking asparagus (a nightmare without opposable thumbs) and Hippos are directing traffic at drive through test centres. 
Memo from Sub Lieut ponffonby to Lieut Col Carruthers Brown: 
Apparently the psychologists say if you can laugh through this Lockdown you are the most equipped for combating mental problems and depression.
I'm very worried about this, or maybe even depressed about it because I'm a miserable person who finds very little to laugh about!
I know you take your camp welfare very seriously Lieut Col CB so I wondered whether you have considered Laughter Yoga??
Memo to Sub Lieut ponffonby from Lieut Col Carruthers Brown.
Due to the strains of command I have not been able to smile either since arriving in the camp.
I have not considered laughter yoga but I did once strain my back taking yoghurt out of the fridge.
I do indeed take camp welfare seriously and if any man that comes to me saying they are stressed or depressed I will always take the time, no matter how busy I am, to slap them across the face and tell them to snap out of it. I can claim 100% success with this strategy as no one has ever come back a 2nd time with the same problem.
Coronaditz Day 54
(Friday 8th May)
VE day +75 years update: 
Being an international camp we have officers from all over the world incarcerated here. It is my job as Camp Commander to maintain the cordial relationship between the various nationalities and maintain the peace that has kept Europe safe for the last 75 years. There are occasionally however little niggles that arise. e.g. Captain Frère Jacques of the French Army in Hut de la F came to me yesterday and made it very clear that he is not happy with the terms we are using during Lockdown apparently Quarantine is only Quarantine if it is from the Quarantine region of France otherwise it's just sparkling isolation. 
Coronaditz Day 55
(Saturday 9th May)
VE Day +75 Analysis:
Our Colonel in Chief Prince Charles laid a wreath at the war memorial in Balmoral. It was obvious that Camilla had organised Charles including putting up a picnic table with a hastily spread tartan car rug on it so that he didn't have to bend down to pick up the wreath.
President Trump also laid a wreath which probably had a card on it blaming the Chinese aided by the Mexicans for starting the war.
The Queen gave a broadcast for the 2nd time in as many weeks. If she carries on at this rate her broadcasts will be considered a soap.
Various street parties took place with an imperceptible nod to social distancing by not having a communal punch bowl.
Coronaditz Day 56
(Sunday 10th May)
Intelligence Forecast: 
Our intelligence officers in Hut M 15 have been busy analysing intercepted communications from Boristasi HQ on how Lockdown may be eased. The latest analysis seems to suggest that the way forward is to let people resume their daily lives but impose strict social distancing. To achieve this every person in England, Wales and Northern Ireland will be issued with a barge pole to prod away anyone getting too close. Due to supply problems Scotland will be following its own course and issuing cabers instead. 
Week 9
Coronaditz Day 57
(Monday 11th May)
UK Roundup: 
It is very difficult to keep track of the days whilst being held in the camp so to assist, last Friday was the May Day Bank Holiday Monday so that makes today Thursday 4th May.
Prince Charles left a note out for his postman at Balmoral letting him know how much he appreciated all postal workers. This does seem to be a blatant attempt to gain favour with the Scottish mail service so that when he becomes king he can have his Royal Cipher on post boxes as a bit of one-upmanship over his mother whose Cipher is missing off all those post-boxes.
Boris has asked us to be alert, which is handy because I have never thought this country has enough “lerts”. He also issued a road map to get out of Lockdown, as most people now rely on GPS it may have been better instead if he had just given us the postcode for the end of Lockdown.
Coronaditz Day 58
(Tuesday 12th May)
Social Distancing Summary: 
Following Boris's roadmap to end Lockdown I have been working hard to implement the guidance in the camp. 
So that all men can carry out their camp duties I am implementing strict social distancing measures so that everyone is at least 2 metres distance. For example some bunks have been placed in the rafters of huts so that they alternate with those on the floor.
Also with the loosening of the regulations on exercise that allow people to exercise several times a day we have been able to restart the tunnel under the wooden horse again.
There is of course still some resistance to relaxing the Lockdown, particularly from Major Jimmy McTavish, senior officer of the Scots Guards in Hut S, Captain McDermott O'Connell of the Ulster Rifles in Huts N & I and Captain Dafyd Llewellyn with his Royal Welsh Fusiliers in Hut W. The men in these huts will continue to be isolated inside - those huts can be identified by the mournful faces pressed to the glass looking out. 
Coronaditz Day 59
(Wednesday 13th May)
Antiseptic Update: 
As with all internment camps and prisons the illegal production of alcohol is common and this camp is no different, Huts W, K & D have been busy building stills to produce a lethally strong moonshine. These Huts do seem to have a social conscience and have been diverting their efforts into producing alcohol hand gel. I do suspect however that not all the produce is making it out to the camp and I base this on the remarks that Lieut Harbottle of Hut K made to me yesterday when he said 
"Hic you're my mate you are, I really really really love you, hic.”
Coronaditz Day 60
(Thursday 14th May)
Government Advice Analysis: 
I just want to clarify the latest Government Advice. 
You should work from home, unless you can't. 
You should work at your workplace, unless you can't.
You should use public transport to go to work but shouldn't. 
You can use your car to go to work, but shouldn't. 
You may meet other people but shouldn’t. 
You can mix with strangers at supermarkets, buses, trains and aircraft but can't mix with your family. 
You are in the death zone if you are 1.9 metres away from a stranger but safe at 2 metres regardless of wind direction or aircraft air recirculation. 
You can play tennis against a stranger but 2 from a family group cannot play 2 from another family group in a doubles game. 
Finally you can visit a stranger's house provided you are accompanied by an estate agent. 
I hope that helps? 
Coronaditz Day 61
(Friday 15th May)
Face Mask Design Update: 
Our Boffins in Hut Q have been busy developing solutions to prevent the transmission of Covid19. Initially they were working on home-made face masks but due to a lack of available cotton material and elastic they we're not able to bring their ideas to market, they have therefore gone on to alternative solutions. 
Yesterday Hut Q proudly unveiled their latest concept, a Covid patch. Unlike nicotine patches that you stick on your arm the Covid patch is stuck over the nose and mouth. Interestingly, based on observations of those testing the new patch, it seems that a side effect of wearing the patch is that the wearer turns blue in the face. 
The Boffins are now trying to work out why this is happening and why they are running out of volunteers. 
Coronaditz Day 62
(Saturday 16th May)
Medical Update:
Since Wednesday another epidemic has unfortunately swept the camp. This new virus has left men with red faces and arms, vacant stares and even affecting the occasional man with the sad affliction of forcing his hands out some 3 feet whilst muttering 'this big'. 
Our Medics in Huts A&E have confirmed that this is a virulent form of Angloid20, better known as Fish Flu, that leads men to slip quietly out of camp each night (or as quietly as man carrying 4 tons of equipment can) to sit around any body of water larger than a puddle with string, on a stick, dangling in the water. When these men fulfil their primal need to hunt for food by catching a fish, they then throw it back into the water thereby starting the whole self-destructive cycle again. 
Unfortunately there is no known cure for Fish Flu and is something the camp will just have to live with. If you have been affected by anything in this post the camp psychologist has set up a helpline on 0800 1  2  345.
Coronaditz Day 63
(Sunday 17th May)
COVID 19 Research Update: 
As you know this camp is always at the forefront of developments to overcome this Corona virus and so when we heard that sniffer dogs are being trained to sniff out the virus in people before they have symptoms we of course wished to do similar. Private Withenshawe had already befriended a stray whippet that wandered in to camp so he volunteered to train it up. The initial research tests went well as Withenshawe's pet 'Speedy' indicated considerable interest in the Corona isolation ward, stopping and sniffing at each patient. It later transpired that his interest was actually in the charge nurses’ sausage sandwiches. These are the sort of setbacks that any rigorous scientific research establishment experiences so undaunted we continue to strive to be at the cutting edge of science. 
Week 10
Coronaditz Day 64
(Monday 18th May)
News Roundup Analysis: 
This week would have been the Chelsea Flower Show, in its absence how are people going to cope without shuffling through dense crowds to glimpse over a sea of heads at impracticable and pretentious film set gardens that are designed to last just the week?
President Trump has taken time out from blaming everyone else for the Corona virus to announce operation Warp Speed to produce a vaccine. Whether the vaccine works or not is of less importance than it being available before the November elections. Interestingly the dictionary definition of warp is 'a twist or distortion in the shape of something'.
The Government wants children to get back to school in June but teachers don't. This is probably because over the past weeks teachers have come to realise that schools run much more smoothly if they are not being constantly interrupted by pesky kids.
International News:
I have just received a communiqué from Capitan Jose González, commandant of Campo Corona in the Balearics. He reports that they are having similar problems to us in understanding and implementing all the Government’s rules and restrictions. He writes:-
For the Attention Of Lieut Col Carruthers Brown:
Strict Social Distancing remains paramount here in Campo Corona so as we enter our next phase of lockdown these restrictions must be implemented.
You must restrict greeting your friends by hugging and kissing to 10 people, who are not in your household. Beyond 10 is deemed irresponsible.
Everyone must wear a mask in shops. Not to wear a mask is dangerous and could incur a fine. However there are no masks available.
Under 6's don't need to wear masks as children neither have nor spread germs.
People with respiratory problems do not need to wear a mask as this would impede their breathing. 
You may now travel wherever you want to by car and may take people from other families, provided they sit in different rows.
I think these regulations will put everyone’s mind at rest, even the most nervous.
Greetings to you all and Ole from Capitan Jose González,
Coronaditz Day 65
(Tuesday 19th May)
Chemical Warfare Update: 
Yesterday my Adjutant Sub-Lieut ponffonby reported as a possible subject of a chemical warfare attempt made by the enemy. This threw the camp into a panicked flurry to secure the camp and its inmates. Full Nuclear /Biohazard / Chemical warfare suits were donned and all movements in the camp were halted while our specialists from Porton Down searched for the possible source and nature of the contamination. 
As the day wore on fears grew that this might be some form of Novichok attack and panic was bubbling just under the surface. At around 4pm the experts managed to track the source of the chemical agent to the back of the Adjutant's camp transport and a controlled explosion was carried out to open the boot. Inside they found the source of the contamination, a bottle of milk from the latest Tesco shop that had leaked everywhere. 
Several lessons have been learnt from this episode and in particular Sub-Lieut ponffonby has been advised to put the shopping away in the boot more carefully in future. 
Coronaditz Day 66
(Wednesday 20th May)
Medical Update: 
Yesterday Trump announced he is taking hydroxychloroquine to prevent him getting the Corona virus. Based on this glowing testimonial I have looked at providing the drug for all camp occupants. Unfortunately the sudden demand for the drug has made it very scarce. I have therefore decided to issue every inmate with large rhubarb leaves because they contain chlorophyll which sounds very similar to hydroxychloroquine so must have similar results. 
For some reason Captain Forbes Hamilton has chosen to quote to me something US Park Ranger Smith (who I believed worked in Jellystone National Park) once said when talking about bear proof waste bins. "There is considerable overlap between the intelligence of the smartest bears and the dumbest tourists."
Is he trying to tell me something?
 Further Medical Update:
It has been brought to my attention that some men are resistant to the idea of eating toxic rhubarb leaves. Although I can’t understand why! I am therefore allowing the consumption of lettuce leaves instead, but only on religious grounds. 
ponffonby (so I’m told) is a good chappie to have on your side. Lucky ponffonby knew about the toxicity of rhubarb. I think I got away with it – always blame things on religious grounds, no one’s heard of it but everyone is afraid to ask for fear of looking silly!
Coronaditz Day 67
(Thursday 21st May)
Even Further Medical Updates: 
The camp medics in Huts A&E have heard that one possible treatment for Covid19 is to give patients plasma from recovered patients. A general call has gone out camp wide for blood donors and I for one was keen to roll up my sleeve and do my bit. I won't be doing that again in a hurry! There were far too many questions, 
'Where did you get it?'
'Whose is it?' 
'Why is it in a bucket?'  
Lieut Col Carruthers Brown’s Thursday Question Time:
Question from Sgt. Major Look-Major-Stare
What confirmation do we have from the huts about sending the kids back to school? There seems to be confusion in the ranks with some schools going back on the 1st June and others doing some crazy confusing hours with half days for reception and Yr 1 from 2nd June and full days for Yr 6 from 15th June but no inside classroom based activities and the kids can only step within 2m distance from a small group of children in their class and all the other kids have to stay 2m away from anyone outside of their group. How is that going to be policed?
Lieut Col Carruthers Brown: Stand by Sgt. Major I will give a full briefing tomorrow, which should clarify matters completely.
Coronaditz Day 68
(Friday 22nd May)
Education Update: 
A number of people in the camp have been asking me when the schools are going back and what the rules will be. I have checked with the teachers in Huts N,U&T and they have confirmed the following.
1. Schools will open on 1st June.
2. Some schools will not open on 1st June.
3. Schools will open in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland at another time
4. Schools that do open on 1st June when the Local Authority are not recommending it will close.
5. Schools that don't open on 1st June when the Local Authority do recommend it will open.
6. Academies and Faith Schools will decide when to open taking into consideration points 4 & 5 above.
7. Secondary schools will not open until September unless they are a Secondary deemed as a Middle School in which case they will follow points 4 & 5 above.
8. Years R, 1 & 6 will be the only years going to school, other years won't.
9. Schools will find space to allow for social distancing by teaching years R & 1 on the playground and playing field respectively
10. Schools without a playground or playing field will be issued with a Dept of Education TARDIS.
11. Any school following or not following the above guidance will be found to be in breach of the guidelines and may be asked to open/close their school.
12. Parents who do not send their children to school when it is open will be fined because even one lost day of schooling is detrimental to their education.
13. This guidance is subject to change from day to day.
I hope that helps and makes everything clear?
Coronaditz Day 69
(Saturday 23rd May)
Medical Update:
The Francis Crick Institute has found that those people who are most affected by Covid19 have a low T Cell count and that a possible treatment for patients in ICUs is to give drugs that increase their T cells (also known as T lymphocytes). With this promising discovery I immediately tasked our medics (in Huts A&E) to begin their own research into this phenomenon and possible treatment.
The medics immediately got on the case and set up their own controlled medical trials. Unfortunately early test results between comparative groups have not been promising and there seems to be only a minimal benefit for the group taking Typhoo over those on PG Tips.
Coronaditz Day 70
(Sunday 24th May)
In Memoriam Update: 
Unusually for a prison camp we do have a married couple on site, Lieut & Capt Fanshawe-Worthy. The other day Lieut Fanshawe-Worthy mentioned to Capt F-W that she was worried that this lockdown was causing her to put on weight. Capt F-W, rather inadvisably, observed that she had never been exactly skinny. 
A memorial service for Capt F-W will be held next Thursday, another unfortunate loss attributed to Covid19.
This week also saw the loss of Maj Hachamovitch, inventor of spell check, his funfair will be next monkey
Week 11
Coronaditz Day 71
(Monday 25th May)
Quarantine Update: 
Boris has announced that foreign visitors to the UK will have to go into quarantine for 14 days and if they can't give a checkable address then one will be provided. Our camp has been nominated as one of those quarantine addresses. Our hard work has paid off and we have been recognised as a tourist destination! 
Visitors from abroad will be able to enjoy a fortnight of ultimate luxury with all the extras that make a memorable holiday. We can offer a fine dining experience in the camp canteen with an excellent menu ranging from brown sludge to red sludge with a vegetarian option of green sludge. All our rooms have an en-suite bucket with a turn down service provided by the draft from the door. Wildlife expeditions can be provided as an optional extra with a broad choice from sparrow watching outside Hut F to slug tracking in the vegetable garden. 
Finally chauffeur driven transport will be provided to and from the airport courtesy of Sgt Grmthorpe's push bike. As Holiday Magazine wrote 'A stay at Camp Corona is an unbelievable experience' 
Coronaditz Day 72
(Tuesday 26th May)
10 Week Roundup: 
Today marks the end of 10 whole weeks in captivity. Sgt Grimthorpe is regretting keeping track of the days by cutting a notch in his bedpost as his entire bunk collapsed last night due to the lack of supporting wood. 
The Corona Camp Follies continue to rehearse their revue to the point where they are only barely awful. 
The camp growing plot is by bearing fruit (or more accurately veg) so my concerns for scurvy amongst the men may be misplaced. 
I continue to take command of the camp in my usual avuncular Attila the Hun manner and I'm grateful for the flock-like acceptance of my authority and that no one ever mentions the unfortunate conclusions I jumped to concerning Sub Lieut ponffonby and the pork pie...... 
Hopefully the camp will be disbanded before we celebrate a further 10 weeks but if not we will continue to maintain good relations between ourselves and the unfortunate guards.
Coronaditz Day 73
(Wednesday 27th May)
Coastal Update: 
We were joined today by a new inmate, Lieut Moleswirthy who was transferred from a camp on the east coast. If we thought it was bad here Lieut Moleswirthy told us of the awful scenes in Skegness over the Bank Holiday, he was absolutely shocked when he witnessed some totally disgusting behaviour along the seafront.
A man and a woman were arguing in front of a load of kids on the seafront, the woman then smacked him on the head so he hit her back and it all kicked off. The Police turned up and one ended up using his baton on the man, the man then got the baton off the policeman and used it on him and the woman...... Shocking.
Then a crocodile turned up and ate all the sausages!
Coronaditz Day 74
(Thursday 28th May)
The Camp Advisor Update: 
Over the past few days there have been repeated calls for my Aide-De-Camp Lieut Dominic Chunterings to step down following his recent behaviour. Lieut Chunterings was merely checking that his eyesight was getting better, following a period of illness, by shooting apples off other ranks heads with his revolver. I believe this was an entirely appropriate method of checking eyesight and completely within the camp rules. I will continue to resist calls to sack Lieut Chunterings because I rely on him to tell me what to do and say on a day to day basis but, more importantly, I'm worried that if I did sack him he would reveal where I've buried all the bodies (literally). 
Coronaditz Day 75
(Friday 29th May)
Track and Trace Update: 
As usual we are at the forefront of Corona developments and have instituted our own track and trace system. Our admin team has set up dedicated phone lines in Huts G,P&O and Snorky, the camp Bloodhound, is straining at the leash to track his first victim. Obviously the phone team has been put together at short notice but they all have previous experience, my only concern is that they may forget their primary aim and get side tracked into their old ways and start claiming back mis-sold payment protection insurance instead.  
Coronaditz Day 76
(Saturday 30th May)
Outside Activity Update:
Apparently from Monday we can have BBQs. As it happens the Corona Camp rather jumped the gun and held a BBQ in the sunshine yesterday. Why the Government thinks it's safe I really don't know, the whole event was a dangerous disaster! 
Firstly Cpl Dimblethorpe managed to set fire to the drought ridden grass when lighting the barbeque which soon spread and took some time to bring under control. Thankfully only 2 Huts were lost. 
Secondly several men are now being tended in Huts A&E with e.coli food poisoning following a mix up between trays of cooked and uncooked chicken. 
Finally 6 men suffered severe burns when the leg of the rickety BBQ stand gave way. 
Despite calls from the ranks for more alfresco dining events I think we should avoid them for the time being, the toll on the health and safety of the camp is far higher than the Corona virus. 
Coronaditz Day 77
(Sunday 31st May)
Social Gathering Update: 
We are now allowed to meet with up to 6 people, other than our family group, outside. This has led to a frenzy of activity with the men choosing who will be in their social group. The whole exercise has been something akin to team picking in the playground where all the popular sporty kids are chosen first leaving the overweight and misfits until last. Sadly I have found it difficult to find anyone to be in my social group, so far all I have listed is five chairs and a lampshade. 
Week 12
Coronaditz Day 78
(Monday 1st June)
Spectator Sport Update: 
The easing of Lockdown today has meant that the first spectator sport for 11 weeks has got underway. Football? Rugby? Cricket? No, Pigeon Racing. 
Sgt Grimley and his pigeon Swiftwing the Third are ecstatic to be performing again at the highest level spurred on by an adoring crowd. The whole camp turned out early this morning to witness Swiftwing III stretch his wings from his makeshift loft in the northern Hut N. 
I can honestly say that the sight brought a tear to my upturned eye. It was only later that I found out that it was actually a good luck deposit from Swiftwing as he passed over me. 
(Conversation in the office)
Ponffonby: Are they social distancing in these sports Sir?
Carruthers Brown: Don’t be ridiculous of course they are?
Ponffonby: So is it only me then Sir, that finds it hilarious that the first horse race finished in a photo finish!
Coronaditz Day 78
(Tuesday 2nd June)
Schools Update: 
Yesterday morning at around 9am we witnessed a strange phenomenon; it started as a faint whisper of noise rising to a crescendo that sounded like the rushing of a torrent of water. The question on everyone's lips was what could this possibly be? It had a sound similar to the clap for carers on a Thursday evening but much, much louder. Finally we were able to see, just outside the wire, what was causing the tumult, it was the sound of parents of children, who had gone back to school, cheering. At last they could get on with the jobs they needed to do for the past 10 weeks and could have uninterrupted Zoom meetings with their work colleagues!
It wasn't long before the scene turned ugly though, parents of children in year groups that haven't gone back to school got irritated by the jubilation and scuffles broke out. 
Order wasn't returned until 3:30 when the school children needed picking up again.
Coronaditz Day 79
(Wednesday 3rd June)
Water Update: 
The Corona Camp is facing the prospect of a hosepipe ban due to a dry May which is strange because in April, when we were drafted into this camp, we were having to strap down huts to stop them floating away in the floods. Where has all that water gone? Has the water company let it slip through their hands? Have they been using a sieve when they should have been using a ladle? No, apparently it's because when we were in temporary accommodation, while our flood damaged huts were being repaired, we used too much water. If only we'd saved some while it was inside the huts we wouldn't be in this situation. 
Coronaditz Day 80
(Thursday 4th June)
Mobile Technology Update: 
As we now have to keep in touch electronically these days I have been organising lectures on communication technology given by our mobile phone wizards in Hut O2. Yesterday there was a special lecture on text speak for seniors that I thought may benefit a wider audience so here listed are the important shortcuts.
BFF Best Friend Fell
BTW Bring The Wheelchair
TTYL Talk To You Louder
BYOT Bring Your Own Teeth
LMDO Laughing My Dentures Out
FWIW Forget Where I Was
IMHAO Is My Hearing Aid On
OMMR On My Massage Recliner
ROFLACGU Rolling On Floor Laughing And Can't Get Up
Coronaditz Day 81
(Friday 5th June)
Mask Update: 
We've been told that from now on everyone will have to wear some sort of face covering on public transport to stop the spread of Corona virus in enclosed spaces. I can see the benefit of this but Sgt Grimley has come up with a scheme that makes the wearing of a face mask even more beneficial. He has gone round all the local old people's homes collecting any unused bus passes. Now we can get on public transport showing one of the passes and the driver or conductor can't tell who is behind the mask so we will travel for free!
Coronaditz Day 82
(Saturday 6th June)
Medical Update:
I have had to tell my camp boffins in Hut Q to cease production of Hydroxychloroquine as it turns out that, despite what President Trump told us, this malaria drug has no effect on the prevention or treatment of Corona virus. This disappointing news follows extensive international trials and is a big blow to me as I was relying on this drug to not only prevent me getting Covid19 but also cure my ingrown toenails. It is my belief that the drug trial was swayed due to ongoing lobbying by mosquitoes who have got a lot to lose from increased production of an anti malaria drug. 
Coronaditz Day 83
(Sunday 7th June)
Holiday Update: 
It seems that the chances of a foreign holiday this year are vanishing fast; unfortunately therefore I won't be going away to the Caribbean this year as planned. To be honest if it was any other year I wouldn't be able to afford to go to the Caribbean but at least this year I can blame it on the Corona virus. I suppose in the end I shall go to Skegness Butlins again as usual, at least it will be a change from sleeping in a draughty hut and being organised from one event to the next by the guards..............the guards wear red coats in Butlins.
Week 13
Coronaditz Day 84
(Monday 8th June)
Holiday Update 2
Other Holiday Camps have asked me to emphasise that there are indeed other holiday operators available apart from Butlins. This has come as something of a shock to me because I have always thought that sleeping in flimsy barracks, being fed institutional food and staring wistfully out through the barbed wire was the only way to relax. But then not everybody is the same battle hardened old trooper as me.
Coronaditz Day 85
(Tuesday 9th June)
Quarantine Update: 
As a designated quarantine centre we received our first quarantinees yesterday. Rather surprisingly an entire planeload of passengers arrived from Luton Airport in the early hours and we were rushing around to find spare bunks. It was only at breakfast roll call ('O'Flaherty' 'Here', 'Murphy' ' Here', 'Kelly' 'Here') that I believed there may have been an administrative mix-up because those arriving from Ireland are exempt. 
It turns out however that the Irish tourist board had misinterpreted our website extolling the virtues of the Corona camp as a quarantine destination and believed we were offering cheap 2 week package holidays. With this mistaken belief they then arranged a charter flight and sold "Get away from it all" holidays. 
Coronaditz Day 86
(Wednesday 10th June)
Pub Update: 
It is rumoured that pubs will be able to open to customers in their gardens from 4th July. As always we in the camp will be at the forefront of these new developments and have already started brewing beer in Huts M&B. Because lots of breweries have restarted production at the same time there is a shortage of malted barley. Fortunately Sgt Grimley has managed to strike a deal with our local Supa Sava supermarket and has secured a large shipment of malted milk biscuits instead. 
Hopefully our special IPA 'Biccy Crumb' will not only stand out in a crowded market but will also start a trend of ordering a mug of tea chaser to go with each pint.  
Coronaditz Day 87
(Thursday 11th June)
Black Lives Matter Update: 
Following the shocking death of George Floyd in America and the laudable worldwide ’Black Lives Matter’ campaign across the globe, the backlash aimed at statues of historical figures has reached the Corona camp. 
It was intended that the men erected a statue of me to commemorate my excellent leadership of the camp during this epic and unfortunate Lockdown, but this week there has been a groundswell of disgruntlement that I should be commemorated in such a way. 
A campaign has been instigated to stop the statue by claiming that I have a colonial past. Fortunately Cpl Grimthorpe has come to my aid and pointed out to these men that in fact I have a COLONELial past and not a COLONIAL past and that furthermore I have only been a Lieutenant Colonel for the past year and before that was a Major! 
Coronaditz Day 88
(Friday 12th June)
Judicial Update: 
I've got a busy day today, for the first time since joining the Corona camp I have been called upon to attend a Court Marshall. Not, I hasten to add, as a defendant but as a bench official, such are the calls on being the senior officer here. 
The loneliness of command means that I must remain at a distance from the men to maintain discipline which to be honest has proven beneficial in these days of social distancing. As this Court Marshall concerns an appeal against conviction it will be held at the Crown Court but frankly seeing as the presiding Judge is His Honour Judge Flogam I'm not hopeful for a happy outcome for the hapless soldier. 
Coronaditz Day 89
(Saturday 13th June)
Zoos Update:
From Monday zoos will be able to re-open. As you know we are already offering sparrow watching and slug safaris as part of our 14 day foreign visitor quarantine package so it is not a massive step to go further and create a whole zoo. Sgt Grimley is keen to expand his loft in Hut N into an interactive pigeon world and Cpl Barnsfather immediately offered to turn the front of Hut K into a children's petting area with his Hamster 'Squeaky' and cat 'Montmorency', although there will have to be strict social distancing between the two to avoid any unfortunate consumption issues. 
I can definitely see that this project has legs (preferably 4 in each corner).
Coronaditz Day 90
(Sunday 14th June)
Regimental Report:
Yesterday Her Majesty the Queen had a modified birthday celebration Trooping of the Colour at Windsor Castle. We too held our own Camp trooping of the colour to mark our respect. The event was spectacular but probably for the wrong reasons. 
To maintain social distancing it was necessary for the troops to be spread out much further than normal but given that we have a very small parade square many of the men were hidden from each other between and behind huts. This unfortunately led to problems hearing commands and various sections couldn't see one another, at one point A Company were marching towards the parade square at the same moment B Company were marching across the parade square. The resulting pile up led to several collisions and the locking of belt buckles. 
In future June 13th will commemorate the fallen of A & B Companies.
Week 14
Coronaditz Day 91
(Monday 15th June)
Escape Committee Minutes:
Lieut Albert (RN) approached the committee with an escape plan that involves a giant air pillow like the ones they have in water adventure parks, basically one person jumps on one end and it catapults a person sat on the other end high up into the air and hopefully over the perimeter wire. The committee was informed that Lieut Albert (RN) has already ordered one of these inflatables from Amazon. 
Captain Pfforbes Hamilton (the Pee is silent, as in trousers) was tasked in creating a lake to float the inflatable on. The Captain has subsequently reported back that the excavations are going well but unfortunately due to the dry weather of the past couple of months it may take several weeks for the lake to fill up during which time the guards may notice the works.
Coronaditz Day 92
(Tuesday 16th June)
Retail Update:
Non essential shops have been allowed to open for the first time since lockdown started, this is good news for the Camp because we have been able to open the NAAFI store. I say good news but there were hiccups in the initial opening with supply issues owing to the fact that Sgt Grimley was not able to procure that many items at short notice. This of course created tensions among the men as they fought over the single tea bag and the only two cans of cola. There were also problems with social distancing as men clamoured to get in; one man was even heard to say "No! I maintained social distancing throughout; he was on the ground so as I climbed over his prone body my head was 2 metres above him!"
(Camp Office Conversation)
ponffonby: That Sgt Grimley seems very RESOURCEFUL doesn't he?
Carruthers Brown: Absolutely the camp couldn't run without the hard work of the NCOs.
ponffonby: No I think he's a bit fly, isn't he?
Carruthers Brown: I think Sgt Grimley prefers to be viewed as an Avant Garde entrepreneur.
ponffonby: But don't you think his contacts are a bit iffy?
Carruthers Brown: Nonsense ponffonby the two I've met Mr Daley and Mr Trotter, seem very pleasant.
ponffonby: Hmmm, we'll see.
Coronaditz Day 93
(Wednesday 17th June)
Apiary Update:
Yesterday we learnt on the news that recent research has identified that Queen Bees use a series of sounds to alert the worker bees that they are about to swarm. The Queen uses a series of toots and quacks to make her intentions known. This is fascinating but I can tell you from bitter experience that this doesn't always work. There have been many times when I have been in my Senior British Officer's room tooting and quacking and not a soul has taken the blindest bit of notice.
Coronaditz Day 94
(Thursday 18th June)
Football Update:
The Premier League has re-started their season with the first two of 90 games played yesterday. It was very strange to see them playing in empty stadiums and particularly when the first goal in this new normal was greeted with complete silence. I feel that I am uniquely placed here to provide coaching to Premier League players to deal with these changed times and in particular in dealing with the anticlimax of being greeted with massively muted appreciation of their achievements. My training would be based on my own frequent experience when over the years I have become used to my stirring, morale boosting speeches to the men being greeted with a very similar silent indifference.
Coronaditz Day 95
(Friday 19th June)
Pharmaceutical Update:
Sgt Grimley has acquired a large amount of Dexamethasone which he is selling at £1 a pill and doing a roaring trade. No one is sure where the drugs have come from but it is slightly suspicious that a Pharmacy2U delivery van has crashed into a ditch just outside the camp gates, sitting on 3 wheels with the driver’s door hanging open.
Sgt Grimley's trade was helped further when 3 men burst out of the Hospital Huts A&E shouting "I'm cured, I'm cured thanks to Dexamethasone". My suspicions only grew further when I found out that one man was only in for an upset stomach and the other two with toothache!
On the plus side I was able to purchase a barber's comb and scissors set from the Sgt at a very reasonable price.
Coronaditz Day 96
(Saturday 20th June)
Travel Update:
Lieut Llweynn is very excited today because the Wales travel ban is being lifted on the 6th July and he is proudly flying a crossed leeks flag from the roof of Hut W. Whilst his excitement is infectious I don't fully understand his exhilaration because the number living in British coastal waters is limited by all accounts and I'm not sure how they were being prevented from swimming where they wanted anyway.
Correction Update:
Sub Lieut ponffonby has informed me that the travel ban is regarding Wales the country not Whales the animals.
Coronaditz Day 97
(Sunday 21st June)
NDA Update:
It is not just Donald Trump that is facing problems with behind the scenes “tell-all” books. Despite my issuing several Non Disclosure Agreements it seems my time in command of the Corona Camp during Lockdown may be the subject of a scathing book. I have had my suspicions lately that Sub Lieut ponffonby has been trying to spy on me, it started with a long trench coat ordered from eBay and has escalated to sophisticated listening devices disguised as everyday objects. I was particularly disturbed when my banana started picking up transmissions from a local taxi firm. I'm currently exploring the possibility of a High Court judgement to prevent any damaging publications that may jeopardise my re-election as Camp Commander.
Week 15
Coronaditz Day 98
(Monday 22nd June)
Social Distancing Update:
The Government is looking to change the 2 metre social distancing rule to 1 metre. This is really annoying because we have only just had a lorry load of those 2 metre rules delivered. Now what are we supposed to do? Snap them in half?
I find it really irritating when Boris makes these changes before consulting with me. I don't have this problem with Trump, when he phoned for advice on testing I told him straight, don't do any more testing it will only find more people with the virus and he implemented the strategy straight away.
Coronaditz Day 99
(Tuesday 23rd June)
Pub Update:
It is expected that Boris will announce today that pubs will be able to open shortly. This is good news for RSM Watney, who was a publican in civvy street and has been tasked with setting up our own camp pub, The Covid Arms. At the moment he is busy requisitioning beer, although so far he has only been able to source bottled Corona beer.
RSM Watney is taking his responsibility very seriously and is practising his vocal range to be able to correctly shout "Git ouht of myy Puhb". He is also going to utilise the camp canteen to not only offer their brown sludge and red sludge, with the vegetarian option of green sludge, but by leaving it in the oven longer he can also offer his customers a carvery option as well.
Coronaditz Day 100
(Wednesday 24th June)
Holiday Update:
Capt. Featherstonhaugh (pronounced Fanshaw) is beside himself with excitement since Boris announced that camping and caravanning sites will be able to open from the 4th July. The Captain has been lovingly restoring an antique Shepherd's Hut for several weeks now (actually it is the back extension of Hut S) and he is, as I write, frantically polishing the wheels. I certainly don't want to rain on his parade and dampen his spirits in any way but while the general public may be able to go on holiday from the 4th July I'm not sure we will be released from the camp by then and even the most inattentive gate guard is likely to notice a 40 foot squeaky Shepherd's Hut being pushed out through the gates by 30 men.
Coronaditz Day 101
(Thursday 25th June)
Centenary Update:
Well who'd thought we would be celebrating our completed Centenary still in the camp?
Other than a Champagne reception hosted by Her Majesty The Queen (via ZOOM) the day will just be another run-of-the-mill, hum-drum day. Our tunnelling moles will continue as usual and our boffins in Hut Q will continue to research and develop new ways to combat the virus. Of some concern however are reports that we may in future be fighting on 2 fronts as there has been a resurgence of the terrorist group Al Gebra with their weapons of maths destruction. This may however be a false piece of information because to me it just doesn't seem to add up.
Coronaditz Day 102
(Friday 26th June)
Snow Update:
Apparently yesterday as the hottest day of the year so far wasn't the best day to practice our cold weather survival techniques. It has been on my mind for some time that if anyone manages to escape the camp in the winter then it may be necessary to survive outdoors for several days so I planned a refresher Arctic course for yesterday. Unfortunately Sgt Grimley looked like a boiled lobster in his thermal ski suit and the men attempting to build an igloo found it impossible because every time they laid an ice block down and turned to pick up another the first one had disappeared!
These things are sent to try a commanding officer. Hopefully the Jungle and Desert survival courses will go better, they are already in the diary for the 18th Jan.
Coronaditz Day 103
(Saturday 27th June)
Social Distancing Update:
The hot weather has once again caused problems with social distancing within the camp, yesterday I had to declare a state of emergency over the overcrowding on the beach. When I say beach I mean the small patch of sand next to the large puddle behind Hut F, but the amount of men sunbathing, BBQ’ing, paddling and floating on giant unicorn inflatables would be unmanageable at the best of times let alone when there should be adequate social distancing. 
From now on there will be a ticketing system introduced to manage the number of men on the beach at any one time, all I need to do now is sort out how to enforce social distancing in the giant queue that has formed.
Coronaditz Day 104
(Sunday 28th June)
Safety Update:
Memo: - To all Camp occupants.
Subject: - How to stay alive in Camp
During my time within the Camp I have had the opportunity to watch a number of Murder Mysteries on the TV and I think these tips will help to maintain the safety of personnel in the Camp.
1. Never ever say “Oh it's you" or "What are you doing here" this is always guaranteed to ensure you only have moments left to live.
2. Never share with anyone your plans for the future by saying things like "When this Lockdown is over I'm going to marry my sweetheart and buy a little Paper shop" this will only lead to your death a short time later.
3. To avoid being murdered always try to mix with lots of other people from several Huts and if possible with those outside as well. Murderers and their victims are only ever found from within a distinct small circle of people.
4. Try not to have a hobby that involves collecting anything pointy or poisonous. Owning an antique harpoon collection is guaranteed to lead to your demise in short order.
5. If you are called by the investigator to join a meeting with around 5 or 6 others be prepared to be accused of being a murderer by the investigator before being exonerated by him in the next couple of minutes.
6. Finally if someone does happen to be murdered in the camp fortunately it will only take the investigator 55 minutes to discover the murderer.
I hope these tips help?
Lieut Col CB.
Week 16
Coronaditz Day 105
(Monday 29th June)
The Homily Update:
As the Commanding Officer it my duty to deliver a rousing morale boosting homily each week to the men at the compulsory Church Parade. Yesterday I recalled the incredibly inspirational words I received from my Commanding Officer when I was a young Subaltern. We were hunkered down in a foxhole with the enemy firing furiously just inches above our heads. My Commanding Officer, Major Barnsfather, had been badly injured with a round that had grazed an artery, as we waited for the medics it was obvious that he was going to need an urgent blood transfusion. It was a great sadness to me that the Major died just after the medics arrived because nobody knew what his blood type was. It was only moments before the medics arrived that he uttered his last inspiring words to me just before slipping into unconsciousness and those words have stayed with me all these years, he said "Be positive".
(Conversation after the church service)
ponffonby: Are you sure that’s what he meant?
Carruthers-Brown: Are you suggesting ponffonby that he was not passing on words of wisdom? Why did the medics say that he was O Negative?  I said to the medic “did you find out Major Barsfather’s blood group” and he said “Oh negative, sorry”, which I assumed was his blood group!  Now you’re telling me he was BPositive?
I really must get some more respectful staff! I don't know what they teach these young officers at Sandhurst these days. Quite frankly if it wasn't for the burden of command I would have escaped down a tunnel months ago!
Coronaditz Day 106
(Tuesday 30th June)
Civil Service Update:
Taking the example set by Boris I too have decided to make changes to my administration staff. For some time I have believed that my junior staff officers have not been following the same direction as myself. Things came to a head yesterday when I realised that ponffonby has been undermining my authority. ponffonby even had the temerity to suggest that Maj. Barnsfather was trying to tell me his blood group was B Positive rather than telling me to be positive. 
It is also clear to me now that the staff officers are not wholehearted behind my decision to take legal proceedings against the Corona virus. They keep on coming up with reasons why it would not be a good idea such as 'you can't sue a virus' and 'how will you know what address to serve the papers'. Well let me tell you there are going to be major changes around here, as soon as I can find suitable replacements.
(Telephone conversation with Major General Sir Hastings Agincourt Spencer-Stanhope)
Spencer-Stanhope: Good Evening Carruthers Brown I hear you are concerned about your staff. I am however very impressed with poffonby I think we should really consider promoting the Adjutant. Well can't stop blathering to you CB there's lots to do if we are to be ready for coming out of hibernation on Saturday. At the end of this there could be a “K” in the offing.
Carruthers- Brown: A knighthood for whom Sir? If I may Sir I think your intelligence may be awry concerning ponffonby who seems more sub human than sub lieutenant.
Spencer-Stanhope : Steady there, ponffonby is my sister’s offspring you know!
Carruthers- Brown: As I was saying ponffonby is a fine adjutant and should be promoted.
Spencer-Stanhope : Quite. Now forget I said anything about “Ks” - let's not jump the gun!
Coronaditz Day 107
(Wednesday 1st July)
Honours Update:
I have received a communiqué from Major General Sir Hastings Agincourt Spencer-Stanhope, apparently my work as commanding officer has caught the eye of those that matter and between you and me there could be a special K in the offing.
To be honest I was rather disappointed with the news, I'm more of a breakfast porridge person rather than the low calorie Kellogg's cornflakes, ponffonby however pointed out that the General meant a knighthood so now I'm more interested. Lieut Col Sir Agamemnon Carruthers Brown certainly has a ring to it.
I also found out that ponffonby is a relative of the Major General. However it does seem that there has been some misunderstanding regarding my conversation from yesterday, what I meant to say was that I have nothing but respect for the sterling work ponffonby has been doing in the camp.
 Coronaditz Day 108
(Thursday 2nd July) 
Lockdown Update:
Bad news, the Corona camp is back in full lockdown. Following the news that Leicester is back in full Lockdown it has been apparent that Boris is looking for new candidates to join them. 
It has been most unfortunate that the Boristasi Camp Kommandant has been changed this week and the new one, Kampenfuhrer Vorhisover, is very keen to get in Boris's good books. 
What is even more unfortunate is that when the old Boristasi Kommandant told the new one that despite the lessening of restrictions, in his opinion, the camp inmates ought to be locked up; Kampenfuhrer Vorhisover misunderstood and thought he meant the inmates should be in Lockdown. Despite my remonstrations to the new Kommandant he doesn't want to lose face in front of Boris so we are officially the only place in the world where we are both Locked Up and Locked Down.
Coronaditz Day 109
(Friday 3rd July)
Lockdown Update:
I have finally got through to our new Camp Kommandant, Kampenfuhrer Vorhisover, and he has now agreed that we don't need to be Locked Up and Locked Down at the same time. In fact (and I whisper this quietly) there is a rumour going around that there may be a relaxation in our confinement soon, watch this space. 
Meanwhile RSM Watney is making the final touches to the camp pub The Covid Arms ahead of its grand opening tomorrow. Sgt Grimthorpe has done a splendid job in furnishing the pub, nobody is really sure where the furniture has come from but judging from the brief glimpses into the camp guard's quarters they seem to be mysteriously missing anything to sit on or eat at.
(Conversation in the Camp Office)
Sub-Marine Perry Scope: Have we heard any more about knighthoods Sir.
Carruthers Brown: Well I’m thinking of myself more as Sir Agamemnon now.
Perry Scope: Oh well my money is on Sgt Grimthorpe or Sub Lieut ponffonby!
Carruthers Brown: Grimthorpe could be in line for the Salt of the Earth Empire Medal, ponffonby is line for the Order of the Boot!
Of course a life peerage could still be in the offing as well, Lord Caruthers Brown of Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch sounds good.
Coronaditz Day 110
(Saturday 4th July)
Victory News VCC Day:
Hooray! It's Victory in Corona Camp day! We woke up this morning to find that all the guards had disappeared with a note left on the open gates telling us that we are now free! There is a range of emotions being displayed by the Camp inmates from those who have already bolted off into the surrounding countryside to those suffering from Stockholm Syndrome who are bereft that the guards have left them without saying goodbye.
Sgt. Grimley is busy digging up all the vegetables he planted in the veg patch, he said he couldn't bear to leave without them after spending so much time on them.
I've just seen ponffonby furtively leaving the Camp office with reams of paper under arm; the cover page seemed to be titled "My time in the Corona Camp the REAL story (A study of incompetent leadership)".
RSM Watney is sitting in his empty pub, The Covid Arms, devastated because all his hard work has come to nothing and no one will ever buy a pint there.
Sub Marine Perry Scope is fishing with a large magnet in the artificial lake we excavated trying to retrieve the submarine he scuttled there and Sgt. Grimthorpe is selling off all the Camp fixtures and fittings to the locals.
Well this is it, I suppose it's farewell from me as I walk out the main gates and return to my pre Corona job of ordering paper clips for Catterick Barracks, or maybe it's just Au Revoir until we pass this way again. Thank you to those people who read my diary and there is a helpline you can phone if you have been affected by anything I've mentioned (Terms & Conditions apply)
Interlude
Catterick Barracks
Saturday August 1st
Thank you to everyone who sent me birthday wishes. As the former Senior British Officer commanding the Corona camp I thought you might be interested in a 'where are they now' catch up. 
ponffonby is on the American leg of a book signing tour (My time in the Corona camp the REAL story). I did receive a complimentary copy of his book which I have found particularly useful propping open the back door in this hot weather. 
RSM Watney has been experiencing problems opening his pub, his attempt in Leicester was stalled and his recent foray into Stockport has run into the same difficulty. 
Sgt Grimthorpe is looking to buy out Lord Sugar's empire and is finalising a deal to purchase Virgin from Richard Branson. 
Sgt Grimley has found civvy street boring so has decided to become a test pilot for the London Underground. 
Ms Moonbeam, who was exiled to the South Atlantic for being too woke, is currently endeavouring to introduce African Parrots to the Falkland Islands to diversify the Penguin population. 
Sub Marine Perry Scope is currently on an extended mission in a nuclear submarine under the North Pole and doesn't realise that because they went under a part claimed by Spain he will need to quarantine for 14 days on his return. 
Finally, despite my disappointment of not being mentioned in the Honours List, I have been tasked with a vitally important task of national importance in the fight against Covid and I'm seeking out all imported paperclips to the Army and quarantining all those from the USA, Spain and Luxembourg.
Catterick Barracks
Tuesday August 11th 
It has come to my attention that it is ponffonby's birthday today. ponffonby is currently on 2 weeks quarantine having arrived back recently from the USA after a booking signing tour (‘My Time in the Corona Camp, the REAL Story’). Whilst I have no problem with wishing ponffonby a happy birthday I must urge everyone not to buy this tawdry, fantasy of a book. I cannot find a grain of truth in this exposé it seems that ponffonby just took against my command and was prepared to undermine it all costs.  I cannot see any similarities that were drawn between myself and Captain Mainwaring of Dad's Army, nor do I agree with the implication that I was responsible for serious financial mismanagement, the support of ‘Orphaned Gerbils in Patagonia’ was essential to the management of the camp.
Part Two
Revenge of the Virus
Inside Number 10, Downing Street:
The phone rings:
Dominic Cummings: Hello Prime Minister, Dominic Here.
Boris: Oh hi Dom, where are you?
Dom: I'm phoning from Barnard Castle.
Boris: Ah testing the old peepers again.
Dom: Well Boris we don't want anyone accusing us of not being far-sighted or having the wool pulled over our eyes.
Boris: Absolutely Dom - that's our job!
Dom: I've just been watching TV and Robert Preston has just announced we're going into Lockdown on Thursday.
Boris: Well that sounds like a fantastic idea. I think we could rock with that.
Dom: Apparently Andy Burnham is baying that it needs to be a TOTAL Lockdown.
Boris: Really??!! Well in that case we're definitely rock with it. Ok so this is what we will do, you "leak" to the press that we're making an announcement at 4pm, that'll mean the news programmes will start at 3.30pm, but we will actually broadcast at 6.30pm that will give us 3 hours to collect together a whole bunch of ideas that the BBC can come up with! Then at 6.30pm will go on air so that we can catch a good majority of the public as they tune in to watch "The Search for Little Mix ''. We may keep the viewers waiting a little longer but not too long ‘cos I need to be available from 7:15pm to watch "Strictly". Ok?
Meanwhile I'll contact Chris and Paddy and get them to get their felt pens out and start drawing their famous pictures - the more lines the better!
Dom: But they haven't got the latest information!!
Boris: Look Dom no one will notice! One last question- Lieut Col Carruthers Brown, where is he now? 
Dom: Catterick Barracks I believe. Why?
Boris: Well we need him. We need him to take command of the incoming troops to our new camp.
Dom: What camp is that Boris?
Boris: Well Camp Corona 2 but we'll codename it STAying Locked down AGain. acronym STALAG. Ok to work...........
Part Three
STALAG CORONA CAMP 2
Week 34
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 235
(Thursday 5th November)
Update from Lieut Col Carruthers Brown:
Yesterday just as I was authorising a shipment of paperclips to the catering department at Catterick Barracks a contingent of Boristasi burst into my office. Dressed in their usual black uniforms adorned with the horrible skull logo (or it could be a picture of Michael Gove) they cut a fearful sight, they told me I was to be interned and here I am locked up once again at the hastily built Stalag Corona 2.
At the moment it seems I'm the most senior British officer and so I have assumed the loneliness of command again, mostly I'm lonely because, in fact, I am currently the only inmate, I am however expecting a trainload of men at any moment.
There is a horrible rumour that Sub Lieut ponffonby is being transferred here to take up duties as Adjutant again. You may recall that ponffonby was last heard of on a book signing tour of the USA promoting the thoroughly scurrilous publication "My time in the Corona Camp, the REAL story (A study of incompetent leadership)" apparently ponffonby was accosted and deported yesterday whilst working on the Trump campaign in Pennsylvania intercepting and destroying Democrat votes because obviously the voter didn't mean it.
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 236
(Friday 6th November)
Update from Lieut Col Carruthers Brown:
Several train loads of men have now arrived in the camp and camp life is starting to get into swing. Due to lack of space I am having to share my cell with Major Fortescue-Urquhart, I will not however, despite his insistence, be referring to him by his initials.
Unfortunately the Major arrived in the camp displaying Covid like symptoms and as a result both of us had to attend a testing facility yesterday.
Here are some important notes to recognise when booking and attending a test.
During the booking process it is not clear what type of facility you are attending. Yesterday morning when we left it was very cold and foggy and not knowing if we were going to have to stand in a queue outside and then be tested in a draughty tent, I thought it prudent to wear a heavy coat with pockets stuffed with thermal gloves and woolly hat. 
As it turns out the testing centre was a drive through. By the time we had arrived the sun had come out which left the car uncomfortably warm and we had joined a slowly moving forward queue that gave me no chance to remove my coat. As you are not allowed to open your windows I was rapidly becoming overheated and by the time we reached the official who takes your booking QR code and checks your passport I probably looked like a boiled lobster. I suspect he thought I was only a step away from intensive care with such a raging temperature.
It is also important to note that the testing officials have obviously been drafted in from Polish Special Forces judging from their accents.
As far as the test itself is concerned we had to do it all ourselves, what I'm paying my taxes for I just don't know.
STOP PRESS UPDATE:
Before reveille this morning both the Major and myself received texts from the NHS and hidden in the essay they sent was confirmation that we have both tested negative so we won't now have to enter solitary confinement.
(Phone call from the Cabinet Office)
Home Office: Hello, am I speaking to Carruthers Brown?
Carruthers Brown: Yes Sir you are.
HO: Well I keep having this madman phoning me from America ranting on about false illegal votes and he's going to take further action. Any comments to make?
CB: No ignore all that, it will be poffonby, he's a sore loser. He does like a good rant. The voting was certainly all above board and correct Jackie Smith was clearly the worst dancer and definitely needed to leave "Strictly". 
HO: Thank you Lieut Col, for a minute I thought we had a problem brewing in the States. Thanks and goodbye.
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 237
(Saturday 7th November)
NHS App Update:
Following a negative Covid test I was ordered by the Boristasi to enter a code into the NHS app. The code was contained within the essay length text I had received but not in the email. I now know that it is not possible to copy and paste a specific string of characters from a text and so I had to keep toggling between the text and the app manually entering the code. It appears at some point I must have made a mistake in copying the code because instead of the app confirming that I have tested negative for Covid it now seems the NHS are convinced that Billy (the regimental mascot goat) has tested positive. If that wasn't bad enough, the camp cook has now been foiled in his attempt to provide a Sunday joint for all the inmates.
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 238
(Sunday 8th November)
Personnel Update: 
Unfortunately ponffonby has turned up back in camp again and has taken up duties as adjutant. Trump's loss is our greater loss. I am firmly of the opinion that the only reason ponffonby won the "Most Popular Person in Camp" vote last time was because counting was stopped after the first ballot paper was opened which happened to be ponffonby's own vote.
COMMS Room Update:
The hastily erected Nightingale Huts “B” and “T” continue to receive news from the US on the results of the election.
(Conversation in the Adjutant's office)
ponffonby: I’ve only just arrived from Stateside, so what’s the latest?
Cpl Eres (pronounced Ears): Well I’ve just heard from our man in Russia, Ivor Dunnynuff, “We’ve heard nothing either, very different from Russia when we know the result before the polls open.”
Sgt Iys (pronounced Eyes) : Well I’ve received an apology via Miss Lucky P Ants in Nevada she says “Sorry we are taking so long, but anyone who can count fast has been thrown out of Las Vegas long ago!”
Week 35
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 239
(Monday 9th November)
Entertainment Update: 
2nd Lieutenant Beetlebottom (pronounced Beebom), our new Entertainments Officer, has decided to run a Stalag Corona version of "Strictly Come Dancing" to fill the long winter nights. It's fortunate that the Light Infantry recruit almost exclusively from former professional dancers these days and Lt. Beetlebottom has been spoilt for choice in selecting his pros. 
Last night was the first round and it was well attended but the main talking point however was the intermittent lighting problem. There were difficulties in procuring spotlights at short notice and Lt. Beetlebottom had to rely on the tower guards' searchlights instead, this led to rather intermittent dances as the participants could only perform as the searchlight swept across the parade ground once every 30 seconds.
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 240
(Tuesday 10th November)
Disability Access Update: 
Well this isn't fair, no sooner has the camp been set up and the contingent of Royal Welsh Fusiliers have been released. Wales is now back out of Lockdown whilst England still has more than 3 weeks to go!
Watching the First Minister of Wales giving his press conference made me realise there is a great inequality during press conferences. In both Wales and Scotland the First Ministers are accompanied by signers, for those hard of hearing, but in England Boris has nobody there signing. This is obviously discrimination of the grossest kind. Surely the Welsh should have 2 signers, one in English and one in Welsh and the Scottish having them sign in English and Gaelic?
Further Update: 
That fool ponffonby has just been banging on (without offering any credible evidence) about how British Sign Language is a language of its own and covers all of the UK. This is the type of incompetence that I'm having to deal with here!
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 241
(Wednesday 11th November)
Medical Update: 
A week into the Lockdown and an effective Covid vaccine has been found! Whilst Pfizer is taking all the credit I am proud to say that our own boffins in Hut Q made the initial discovery back in April. 
It was unfortunate that our boffins were not aware at the time of their groundbreaking discovery and threw out the sweaty pair of boots left in the corner of the hut in which the mutating mould was developing into the vaccine. If Captain Barnsfather, chief Boffin in Hut Q, had not taken the boots with him when he left the Corona Camp then we would not be in the fortunate position we are in now. 
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 242
(Thursday 12th November)
Further Medical Update: 
According to Ding Dong (what Boris calls “Door Matt” Hancock) this new vaccine is only going to be available to over 50s in the first instance. Will this mean that only anyone over 50 will be allowed out and everyone younger will still be locked down? Will this lead to pensioners hanging around convenience stores or having to show their age ID to get into pubs & clubs? At 2am on a Sunday morning when the clubs close, will the High Street be a battle scene of Zimmer frame wielding pensioners brawling with walking stick brandishing retirees? I think on balance I'm safer locked up in Stalag Corona II. 
(Conversation in the office)
Poffonby: Well sir, this is what I’ve been advocating all along – Keep the under 50s locked up then the older generation can keep the economy afloat  - they would spend money at all the restaurants, cafe's, coffee shops and country pubs. In addition they would keep the airlines busy, running them back and forth, taking them on their holidays. Of course there would be no need for police - breaking up rave parties – there would be no need for a curfew as everyone would be home by 5 o'clock to watch "Pointless". But if the government did feel a place was getting overpopulated then just close the loo - that'd do it! But best of all you'd never have old people protesting on the streets - cos they can moan anywhere and do so frequently and publicly - Just listen to Jeremy Vine's Radio 2 programme - they'll put everyone right on COVID and Brexit!!
Carruthers Brown: Have you finished stepping on my point ponffonby?
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 243
(Friday 13th November)
Entertainment Update: 
On Sunday the next series of "The Crown" is available to watch on Netflix. Given the popularity of the previous series there is obviously a demand out there for the portrayal of real people and events of recent years. I can see a blockbuster series of "Corona Camp" being very popular. I expect my part would be played by Brad Pitt, obviously actors chosen don't always physically exactly match the person they are playing, but it is probably not possible to find someone as good looking as me, I'm sure however that he will make a good stab at portraying my innate integrity and competence. 
ponffonby on the other hand would need to be played by a suitably aged character actor who can stretch themselves to portray the total gormlessness of the Sub Lieutenant. 
(Studio Conversation)
Beetlebottom: I think Trump might be at a loose end next year, do you think he would portray ponffonby?
Carruthers Brown: No Lieut. It needs to be played by someone who can be more of a sociopath. Oh and someone who can actually act!!!
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 244
(Saturday 14th November)
Charity News:
One of the problems of being interned in Stalag Corona 2, this time around, as opposed to our time in the Coronaditz in the summer, is that it is very cold and draughty in the huts. Men have been busy knitting hats and woolly socks and burning every scrap of available wood in the tiny hut stoves; but there are many who are still suffering complications from the cold.
Last night, as a morale boosting drive, I arranged a special charity evening to raise money to support those suffering medical complications from the cold weather; we even had a yellow bear mascot wearing a spotty bandage over one eye. The night was such a success I think we will have to make our "Chilblain in Need" night an annual event
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 245
(Sunday 15th November)
News Update:
All day I've been leaving articles about Dominic Cummings' resignation laying around in the hope that ponffonby sees them and takes the hint. Unfortunately ponffonby is a rhino skinned / Trump hybrid and continues to occupy the Adjutant's office. 
The latest unhinged rantings from ponffonby on Twitter are 
"I AM THE MOST POPULAR ADJUTANT EVER" 
and the totally unintelligible.
"LIVING BROOK BENEFICE CHURCH NEWSLETTER IS FAKE NEWS."
I would appreciate any suggestions on how to rid myself of this unpopular administrator.
Memo from Sub Lieut ponffonby to Lt Col. Carruthers Brown:
I have seen your notes and taken the hint so I have arranged a cavalcade to Barnard Castle, and back, for us to boost morale. 
I think the men will be pleased to see their popular man and I'm sure they'll be pleased to see you too
Week 36
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 246
(Monday 16th November)
Latest Score: Brexit 2- Corona virus 1:
This time last year we were in the lead up to a general election, Government was at a stalemate and all we'd ever seen on the news for the previous 2 years was Brexit. Am I the only one who yearns for those simple days when Brexit, with or without a deal, was the only worry? Now I have to negotiate the Zoom etiquette nightmare, treat people in the street in the same way medieval people did to lepers and if I'm lucky enough to find a shop open then the moment I step into it my face mask steams up my glasses and I can't see a thing. If that wasn't enough don't get me started on shopkeepers who wear visors, what's the point of those? Is the Corona virus heavier than air and only falls vertically out of the sky? If it does then I think I'll be safe as long as I wear my tin hat! 
(Corona Camp 2 Radio phone in)
Major F.U: Ohhh for those balmy heady days of Brexit worries I'm concerned though as I have a straw hat which has an intricate design, including lacy holes. Should I be covering each hole with a plaster in case the virus gets through?
Lt Col Carruthers Brown: Thank you FU for that question. No that won't work but wearing a baseball cap with the peak pulled down low will work. To speak to people you just need to tip your head back to see under the peak just like people wearing visors do. If you want extra help watch one of David Attenborough’s programmes on penguins.
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 247
(Tuesday 17th November)
Designated Survivor Plan: 
In the USA there is the concept of the "Designated Survivor" this is a nominated politician who is whisked away to an undisclosed location during things like presidential inaugurations so that if there is a mass assassination there is still someone in the line of succession to take over the presidency. Watching the news yesterday I was drawn to the conclusion that they are taking no risks this time and have sent the designated survivor up to the international space station just to be on the safe side. Frankly I'd be glad to get away from the Corona virus there myself.
While I'm on the subject, am I the only one that thinks that astronauts climbing into the rocket for blast off these days look like little boys dressed up as Dan Dare at a fancy dress parade? They look like they are wearing little black Wellington's, a padded white boiler suit and a homemade helmet made from a white plastic bucket with a cut out for a visor.
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 248
(Wednesday 18th November)
Lockdown Update: 
In line with the various countries of the UK I have been devising Stalag Corona 2 Christmas plans to relax the current lockdown restrictions. To allow greater socialisation over Christmas I have decided that everyone should enter a draw. The purpose of the draw is to show which course of Christmas dinner you will be allowed to sit down with your family or close friends. To aid greater socialisation I have proposed that the Christmas dinner be split up into as many courses as possible.
At the grand draw last night I drew the Brussels sprout and stuffing course.
Health Update:
Major Puff-n-Pant's Pre Christmas Work-Out Regime
Begin by standing on a comfortable surface, where you have plenty of room on each side.
With a 5lb potato bag in each hand, extend your arms straight out to the side. Hold them there (for a minute if you can) and then relax.
Each day you will find you can hold this position for longer.
After a couple of weeks move up to a 10lb bag.
Then try a 50lb bag and keep moving on to bigger bags
Eventually you will be able to lift a 100lb bag in each hand and be able to hold that position for a full minute.
When you reach this high level and you feel confident then move onto the next stage by putting a potato in each bag.
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 249
(Thursday 19th November)
Cyber Update: 
News has reached me that Boris has allocated over £24 billion to the Armed Services, principally to develop cyber technological warfare. 
This is good news to me as I have always been at the forefront of all things cyber and to that end I sent a letter by first class post to General Ffanshore to suggest that I am ideally suited to head up any new cyber unit.
I've already brushed off my Sinclair ZX computer and its accompanying portable cassette player for programs and as we speak I'm perusing the "Exchange & Mart" looking for the latest in dial-up modem technology.
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 250
(Friday 20th November)
Mental Health Concerns:
I think the strain of the lockdown is starting to show on some of the men. Yesterday I walked into the main office and found Cpl Barndoor hanging upside-down from the hut rafters shouting "I'm a light bulb I'm a light bulb I'm a light bulb".
Being the benevolent commanding officer that I am, I suggested that Cpl Barndoor should climb down from the rafters and go and have a lie down in his own dormitory hut. As I left the office I was followed out by all the other men in there so I enquired why they were not at their desks working. Sub Lieut ponffonby replied "How do you expect us to work in the dark?"
Sometimes even I am lost for words!
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 251
(Saturday 21st November)
Entertainment Update: 
Yesterday evening saw another round of Stalag Corona II Strictly Come Dancing the lighting issues that marred the 1st round have been fixed by bribing the guards to keep the searchlights on the parade ground and supplementary lighting had been secured by using the headlights from trucks in the motor pool.
The evening however wasn't without a hitch or two, there were occasional problems with the music, caused because the singers were appearing by video link from other camps and the internet delay meant they were constantly a bar behind the band. There were also timing issues with the brass section who were told to be there 20:30 rather than 20:00.
The actual dances themselves were well received until Private Earwigsworthy and his partner Vladivostok Nastycough gave their version of the Argentine Tango. Unfortunately due to a misreading of the choreographer's notes they believed the dance included several "Groucho'' moves rather than "Ganchos'' and so the sensual dance was interspersed with them breaking apart and walking around the floor bent over wiggling their eyebrows and waving cigars.
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 252 
(Sunday 22nd November)
Entertainment Update:
Now that the colder weather is with us our Entertainment Officer Lieut Beetlebottom (pronounced Beebom) has decided that, in addition to Strictly Come Dancing, Stalag Corona II should also host a "Dancing on Ice" competition.
Nobody thought to tell the swimming club that the outdoor pool's heating system was going to be switched off to allow the ice to form overnight. Cpl Digsbutt, who is training for a Channel swimming record attempt was out for his customary pre-dawn swim this morning and was shocked when he jumped from the top board and instead of gracefully entering the water bounced instead and skidded across the ice ending up frozen to the surface of the shallow end by his Speedos.
Lieut Beetlebottom could not be found for comment.
Week 37
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 253
(Monday 23rd November)
Medical News: 
Yes!! A solidly British vaccine has been developed by “Oxford” and it's cheap and easy to store. The logistics of getting all the men vaccinated is now something that I need to work on. I think the difficulty will be finding enough spaces on buses going to Oxford when everyone else will want them at the same time, at least those over 65 who need it the most will be able to use their bus passes to travel for free. 
To be honest I'm glad we won't be using the “Astra” vaccine because I just don't know how I would have got all the men up to a satellite and I've absolutely no idea where in the world “Pfizer” is at all.
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 254
(Tuesday 24th November)
 Christmas Plan: 
The Government has announced that during Christmas 3 families can meet between the 23rd and 27th December. For me this raises more questions than it answers. Is there a limit to the size of a family? Does the family have to have a DNA test to prove they are related to you? Where am I going to find 2 more families to share Christmas with? Will there be a central exchange where you can book extra families from if you don't have enough? I think, on balance, it will be best if I carry on with Christmas as I do every year, sat by myself in my barracks' room sipping sherry whilst reading "Paperclip & Staple Monthly" 
(Office conversation)
ponffonby: I have just received a telegram  from Sub Lieut Farquarquson it says: 
Very sorry STOP Been holed up masterminding “Bake Off” STOP Thought I  would be moved onto "I'm a Celebrity" STOP But called up by Boristasi  as “Bake Off” gave me perfect skill set to organise "Tiers". STOP
Carruthers-Brown: Well I can certainly see all that ending in tiers, I mean tears!!!
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 255
(Wednesday 25th November)
Memo from Lieut Col Carruthers-Brown :
There has been a lot of talk about it in the camp this week and I have come out firmly as anti vax. ponffonby has been trying to change my mind but nothing that has been said so far will change my mind, I am convinced that I will never have another one again. I don't care what anyone says to try and convince me, I've fallen for that trap too many times before, they are a terrible brand of vacuum cleaner. Henry Hoover is the only way to go! 
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 256
(Thursday 26th November)
Memo from the Boristasi to Lieut Col Carruthers-Brown: 
Stalag Corona 2 is to be in Tier 2.25. 
This does allow socially distanced performances but sadly the Camp will not be holding a Nativity performance this Christmas.  The 3 Wise Men are facing a travel ban. The shepherds have been furloughed. Angel Gabriel has been contacted by celestial Track & Trace and is having to self isolate.  The Inn was closed during lockdown which led to such a slump in bookings the innkeeper has gone out of business and his stable has been requisitioned by the local council to house homeless people. 
Furthermore Santa won't be working as he would break the rule of 6 with Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, Vixen, Donner and Blitzen and as for Rudolph, with that red nose, he should be isolating and taking a Covid test.
Pantomimes are suffering the same ill fate. Cinderella has to leave the ball at 10pm and Robin Hood and Little John can't go out for a drink unless they have a substantive meal and pantomime cows will obviously need to be replaced by something like a pantomime crocodile so the two inside can be socially distanced.
Well we have no worries on the last count; ponffonby has already turned Stalag Corona II into a right pantomime!
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 257
(Friday 27th November)
Christmas Plan 2:
 I have spent the last 24hrs making strenuous representations to Boris to move us from tier 2.25 to tier 2.24. The benefit is that in tier 2.24 mince pies and sausage rolls are allowed. Whilst parsnips and cranberry sauce are still banned I think we can work around this for the camp Christmas dinner. 
I have also been working out how we can fit everyone in the canteen for Christmas dinner and still maintain social distancing. Taking inspiration from many family Christmas dinners where an assortment of different height chairs are scraped together I think the solution will be to alternate men sitting on 2 metre high stools with men sitting on the floor that way everyone will be 2 metres apart. I'm still working on what height the table should be.
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 258
(Saturday 28th November)
Medical Concerns: 
As Senior British Officer in Stalag Corona II I have a duty to care for the mental health of my men and to that end I have appointed Lieut Farquarauson as MHSO (Mental Health Support Officer).
This week Lieut Farquarauson has been running support groups for men who are suffering from "Lockholm Syndrome". This is when people actually fall in love with being in lockdown. Several men have expressed their relief of not having to visit their mother in law for lunch every other Sunday, others opened up about their enjoyment of at last having the time to catalogue their stamp collection and one person (ethics prevent me from naming them, but the surname starts with a small p) actually said they enjoyed crossing the street whenever they saw someone they knew coming towards them.
Please spare a thought for these debilitated people who will need to reintegrate into society at the end of lockdown.
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 259
(Sunday 29th November)
“It’s all ending in Tiers!”
There is feverish excitement in the camp as everyone looks forward to the end of lockdown this week. The only problem is nobody is really sure what the end of lockdown looks like. How many people can meet together and is that inside or outside? Will the shops be open or only those that can afford to? Will the pubs be open and if so can you only drink whilst eating and what time will they close? Can you go for a drive in the country or only on an essential trip? What is an essential trip? Is Christmas still happening or is it only virtual? Does it all depend on how loud your MP complains?
I think it's best to stay at home and lock the doors!
Week 38
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 260
(Monday 30th November)
Scientific Update: 
Last week we had “Black Friday” and yesterday was “Cyber Monday” but more importantly today is “Tubby Tuesday”. This is the day when everyone steps on the scales and realises that they have developed a fault showing you a stone heavier than before lockdown. There could be many reasons for this collective fault in bathroom scales including a change in gravity due to the earth's tilt away from the sun at this time of year although scientists are tending towards the mysterious disappearance of the early bought mince pies and sausage rolls from Aldi (or petit-fours and foie gras from Waitrose).
Somewhere North of the Arctic Circle Day 261
(Tuesday 1st December)
 New Postings Update: 
 Well this is a turn up for the book. To end lockdown, rather than being transferred back to my admin job at Catterick Barracks, I have been sent on an undercover special assignment.
For security reasons I cannot divulge my location or mission but suffice to say I'm somewhere in Lapland and it is concerned with 24hr worldwide parcel delivery towards the end of the month. I can tell you however that I have taken up the role as head of logistics.
I'm not a tall person but I'm surprised at the small stature of the men I'm leading but they do look smart in their red and green uniforms even if they have strange curly toed boots. I'm sharing with a fellow officer who seems nice but as Transport Officer he's a bit stressed and mutters in his sleep about the prohibitive cost of re-hoofing and the difficulty of finding spare red nose light bulbs.
I haven't met the Commanding Officer yet (referred to by the men simply as FC) but I understand that he would have difficulty passing a normal basic battle fitness test, mostly due to his apparent binge eating and drinking.
Anyway, my workload means I won't be able to write my blog for some time so I wish you a Happy Christmas and if you don't receive the present you asked for please address your concerns to ponffonby@gillmail.com.
Week 41
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 284b
(Thursday 24th December)
Poffonby here, just managed to get back in my bubble for Christmas, but the place is deserted!!! So spent the day thumbing through all the newspapers that were piled on the doormat. Thumbing through the Sun Newspaper (we have it for the high-brow riveting articles ) it fell open at the Agony Aunt page and this is what I read:-
Dear Deirdre,
My friend has recently been seconded to a crack unit in the north of Lapland. This morning he found out that his commanding officer is planning on delivering parcels by entering every household in every country over a 24hr period next week. He is very concerned that this behaviour will breach the new Tier 4 rules and that there will be no self isolation between visiting each country. Should he pretend not to have heard this intention or should he notify the relevant authorities?
Worried, Lieut Col C-B.
Deirdre’s Reply
Dear Worried Lieut Col C-B,
This indeed is a very worrying dilemma. I think that the only responsible action is to report this flagrant breach of the Covid rules, if your 'friend' wishes to remain anonymous he could always phone Crime Stoppers. I think I know who this irresponsible individual may be and I have heard of his method of transportation so it may be advisable to suggest that the Flying Squad are deployed.
Good luck, Deirdre.
Hmmmm that's funny, I thought, I wonder where the old man is - all was revealed when I listened to the messages left on the answering service.
Message 1: from Lieut Col Carruthers Brown:
There have been various rumours circulating that I am not actually working on the Christmas effort in Lapland but sat at home making it all up. Well let me tell you I am indeed working very hard here north of the Arctic Circle and to prove it I'm going to let you in on a few of the trade secrets.
Tomorrow the whole operation transfers up to its forward base at the North Pole, this is for logistical reasons to allow all time zones to be accessed at the same time on Christmas Eve.
Many people are of the mistaken belief that Santa delivers all the presents to everyone. Again for logistical reasons this is not possible to deliver so many parcels around the world and anyway everyone knows that mummies and daddies buy their children the presents, wrap them and put them under the tree. However have you noticed that there is always one present that doesn't seem to have a label and you can't remember buying? Well that is the one that Santa has actually delivered.
Finally I can reveal that the sleigh Santa uses is now eco friendly. In the old days the reindeer pulling the sleigh were powered by polluting stardust but now the reindeer are electric hybrids and they are currently all on charge getting ready for Christmas Eve.
If these insider trade secrets are not enough to convince you that I'm working with Santa then you obviously don't believe in the magic of Christmas.
To those of you who do Happy Christmas!
Lieut. Col Carruthers-Brown
Stalag Corona Camp 2 Day 286
(Saturday 26th December)
I've just returned from my deployment North of the Arctic Circle and I called into the Corona Camp to pick up my spectacles case and as I entered the camp they slammed the door behind me. Apparently because the camp is now in Tier 4 no one is allowed out until a cure is found.
With time on my hands I've had a chance to catch up with the camp newspaper the "Daily Bugle" and thought you may be interested in the small ads, so I have attached it for you to look at too.
Small Ads
For sale 2020 wall planner, barely used.
For sale or exchange Gym membership, would suit someone unfit who needs the excuse that the gym is closed.
Gladys's Hairdressing Boutique is now taking bookings for 2024.
Pub for sale, large selection available.
Flat for lease located on London's Oxford Street, benefits from a very quiet location.
Say No to a Brexit Deal banner clearance sale, 10 Euros each.
For sale, 3 magic sandbags that keep millions of gallons of floodwater out of your house, as seen on TV.

Part Four
STALAG CORONA CAMP ‘21
Week 42
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 288
(Monday 28th December)
Following the latest of my many incarcerations I find myself once again as the Senior British Officer back at Stalag Corona 2. Boris wanted a forward looking and hopefully sounding name for the camp and so it has been named Camp '21 given that 2020 was not that much to write home about.
On a positive note it looks like the Oxford Vaccine is about to be given the go ahead. The papers are full of articles that village halls will be used as vaccine centres. In my view all these lockdowns were probably a bit extreme just so that running a vaccine centre from a village hall didn't clash with prior bookings of the mother and toddlers group or pilates for the over 50s.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 290
(Wednesday 30th December)
Entertainment Update
Corona Camp '21. In the quiet period between Christmas and New Year I've been able to catch up with my reading of the Daily Bugle and I thought you might be interested in the Christmas TV reviews from our in camp critic, Sebastian Bingeworthy.
Black Narcissus BBC One. 
Over the past 3 nights we have been treated to this remake of the 1947 classic which was a cross between 'Carry On Up The Khyber' and 'The Shining' and only just avoided being a 1970's Hammer Horror film by omitting the scene where the angry villagers beat on the front door wielding pitchforks.
Despite sterling performances from the ensemble cast I wasn't able to overcome the troubling notion that these nuns are living on a mountain high up enough in the Himalayas to get altitude sickness and the multitude of large windows only had fretwork shutters and no glass. There wasn't a single fire lit and the only consideration to the cold was to wear fingerless mittens. Surely anyone else would have succumbed to hypothermia and frostbite within the first 15 minutes of the opening episode?
Royal Institution Christmas Lectures BBC Four.
I'm not sure what this year's lectures are actually about. The facts, figures and demonstrations come at you so fast it's not possible to catch breath let alone remember what was said 5 minutes before. In fact the only take away from the lectures I have is an unhealthy extended knowledge on whale poo.
The Repair Shop Christmas Special BBC One.
I was going to visit the Weald & Downland museum where this is filmed but given the amount of snow they have, even in September, when it was filmed, I think I'll give it a miss.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 291
(Thursday 31st December)
Newcomers Update:
I just want to take this opportunity to welcome those from Northamptonshire who have joined us today in Tier 4.
An orientation seminar will be held tomorrow at 09:00 hours in Hut C, provided the archery and poetry reading clubs have cleared the bodies in time. (I have been assured that this type of double booking will not occur in the future) 
Subjects covered will include: what you are allowed to do in Tier 4; what to expect after eating in the canteen; how to use the latrine block, and escape protocols.
I hope you will enjoy your stay with us and do watch out for subsidence in the parade ground caused by the extensive escape tunnelling.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 292
(Friday 1st January)
Would those people involved in last night's New Year celebrations please return the chapel bell, it may have been funny to put a 2 ton bell in my room but Father Cassock sustained a serious injury when he pulled on the rope for Matins and fell unexpectedly backwards. 
Drunken foolery and hooliganism will not be tolerated in Corona Camp '21 (unless I'm invited)
Memo from Lt Col Carruthers Brown.
CCTV footage has shown that ponffonby seems to be walking around the camp with a big grin.
STOP PRESS
Following the announcement this evening that Schools are to remain closed, the staff in the Corona Camp Office received a communiqué asking "What education facilities there would be for the next two weeks?"
Although the call was important to them no one answered.
The ansa-fone message said, "All the staff of the Corona Camp office are currently hungover from New Year's Hut parties, but will get back to you as soon as they are coherent."
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 294
(Sunday 3rd January)
Education Update:
There has been a request to open a camp school if the local schools are to remain closed after the holidays. After giving it some consideration I have decided that the adult education Hut (Hut E) should be re-designated as the camp school. To facilitate social distancing it will be necessary for Key Stage 1 children to sit at the spaced out desks and Key Stage 2 to be suspended from the rafters, KS4 & 5 will sit on the roof. Teachers are to deliver their lessons from behind bullet proof glass screens whilst wearing full chemical warfare suits.
Education Further Update:
Unfortunately my schooling proposals have been vetoed by the CCTACPU (Corona Camps Teaching & Allied Classroom Professions Union) on the basis that it takes 4 hours for teachers to take off and put on the chemical suits during a toilet break. Despite my suggestion that they might reduce their liquid intake during the day I have been forcefully told that several cups of tea a day in a green china cups is an unalterable right for teachers.
Week 43
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 295
(Monday 4th January)
Vaccination Update:
Concerns have arisen over the pace of delivery of the Oxford vaccine. In the Camp these concerns are largely due to the fact that the Camp Nurse, Mavis, isn't as steady on her feet as she used to be and it takes a while for her to walk across the Camp. On the plus side there is room to hang supplies from her Zimmer Frame but on the minus is the fact that her eyesight isn't what it used to be and the tremor in her hands is excessive. 
There is trepidation from the inmates not only to the speed of rollout but also into what part of the body the injection will end up being administered.
Education Update.
I'm pleased to report the standoff with the teaching union regarding toilet breaks has been resolved and school will start in Hut E. I won't go into too much details but it involves funnels.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 296
(Tuesday 5th January)
Lockdown update:
Well that's it, everyone is confined to their Huts once again. The only approved method of communication between Hut occupants is by tapping out Morse Code on the radiators.
Sorry I just had to break away a moment ago to receive an incoming radiator message. 
"PL5 SIND MUR FEUD 2 HAT P" 
It is of course some time since I last used Morse Code so I am a little rusty. I have however been able to tap out a reply. 
"FOOD DEL1VER1 DUE FR1M TISCOS ARR1VENG SUOON"
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 297
(Wednesday 6th January)
Communications Update:
Boris is concerned that people will not take this lockdown as seriously as the previous two. It may have been better if he had made his Downing Street speech in the form of a Hollywood blockbuster trailer.
Cue shots of heroic NHS workers and Boris's voiceover delivered in a very, very deep voice "Lockdown 3............this time it's personal. Be amazed at Britain's victorious struggle against the evil Corona virus from the comfort of your own sofa. Laugh at the endless series of mishaps befalling Gavin Williamson. Cry at the lack of toilet rolls on the supermarket shelves. Cheer the bravery of the nurses inoculating millions of ordinary people. Out now, watch it from the front window of your house. (Terms and conditions apply, you may catch Covid if you leave home, may contain nuts)
Sir Keir of course was able to reply from his broom cupboard. As is the right of the opposition he was able to confirm that he would have introduced lockdown in 2018, would have kept schools open longer and closed them sooner and would have organised by now an army of unicorns to deliver 10 million vaccines a day.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 298
(Thursday 7th January)
History update:
When historians look back at this pandemic how will they refer to it? Up until last week I've always thought that it would be referred to as the 2020 Corona Epidemic but now its spread over two years there's a problem, If it is referred to as the 20/21 epidemic it sounds like that is only one year not two. Will its name change anyway? After all nobody referred to it as World War One in 1919. In my view I shall call it "that unpleasantness in the 20's" and then never mention it again.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 299
(Friday 8th January)
Democracy Update:
As a progressive and benevolent Camp Commander I am always keen to canvas the views of those whom I have responsibility for. I had recently heard rumbling of discontent over the canteen's Sunday lunch menu so thought it would be good to hold a democratic vote on what we should have to eat next Sunday. The choices were between the existing roast lamb or pork chops and immediately the men fell into one side or the other. Canvassing for both choices became quite heated with ponffonby leading the pro roast lamb lobby.
When the vote was held the pork chop option won with just 51% of the vote which led to a lot of aggressive arguments from the roast lamb supporters alleging irregularities in the vote. They were further spurred on by irresponsible tweets from ponffonby encouraging public shows of disaffection.
The whole sorry saga culminated last night when the pro lamb supporters stormed my office chanting "Stop the Chop'' and "Make Mint Sauce Great Again''. Eventually the military police were able to gain control of my office and pork chops were able to be typed into this Sunday's menu. ponffonby meanwhile has had his Twitter account suspended for making unsubstantiated allegations over the provenance of pork products.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 300
(Saturday 9th January)
Travel Update:
With the roll out of 3 vaccines and better drugs to treat Covid I think we can all be hopeful that there is light at the end of the tunnel and that Lockdown won't last forever.
To elevate morale I have instructed Major Owtins to set up a travel agency in the camp organising trips away as soon as the current Lockdown regulations are eased. 
Business has been brisk and I have been pleasantly surprised at the number of men who have already signed up for a fully escorted tour of Iceland. This trip is proving so popular I may have to lay on further excursions to places like Tesco and Sainsbury’s as well.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 301	
(Sunday 10th January)
Vaccination Update:
Yesterday Her Majesty the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh were given the Covid vaccine. I have been reliably informed that they were given no priority treatment, so I imagine it went something like this.
HMQ. Phiiiliipe where are you?
DoE. Blast it woman what does one want now?
HMQ. You need to get ready to go out with me to the Slough Community Health Centre to get our vaccinations
DoE. Isn't there somewhere in Windsor we can go? Can't they come to us in the castle?
HMQ. Now, now Phiiiliipe we can't be seen to be treated differently to my subjects.
DoE. But Slough? Don't they have poor people there?
HMQ. I'm sure they do but Fortnum & Mason still deliver that far out.
DoE. Well you'll have to drive. I had to give up my licence last year after that crash at Sandringham and we can't have anyone else in the car with us.
HMQ. Shall we take the Daimler or the Range Rover?
DoE. Which one has the most difficult to remove hub caps? Don't expect them to be there when we get back to it.
HMQ. Oh for goodness sake just get your coat and let's get this jab done.
DoE. If we dress down perhaps no one will notice us. You'll have to take off that crown and change out of the ermine cloak.
HMQ. Very well, but if we don't hurry we'll miss our slot and we'll be stood in the car park for ages.
DoE. If we didn't need the jab before, when we get back we'll have mixed with so many blasted people we'll definitely need it then.
HMQ. Just get a move on, we can just slip in and out and nobody will ever know we've had the jab.
Week 44
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 302
(Monday 11th January)
Entertainment Update:
There is concern that the slightly warmer weather forecast for this week is going to hinder the final training of our 'Dancing on Ice' competitors who are scheduled to perform from next Sunday. The parade ground has been flooded and allowed to freeze over providing a perfect ice rink. There were some initial teething problems with roll call on the parade ground each morning but the men soon learnt not to change direction too quickly and have found that “about turns” are actually a lot easier on Ice.
All the smart money is on Cpl. Slidebottom carrying off the trophy, with his professional partner Elsa Torvikfrostybun, whose double axle with spare tyre is perfection itself. This could all of course come to nothing if the weather turns the rink to slush. 
The boffins in Hut Q have however suggested a solution by opening the doors of the freezer located just outside of the cookhouse door to keep the rink in tip top condition.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 303
(Tuesday 12th January)
Horological Update:
The current Mrs Carruthers Brown gave me a new digital bedside clock with LARGE numbers on it, for Christmas, so that I can tell the time at night without putting my glasses on. It is all very modern, not only telling me the time, but toggling through the date and current temperature as well. 
On Sunday I woke up thinking it was morning but the clock said it was only ten past one, I was surprised that I'd only been asleep for an hour when it seemed much longer but as it was dark I tried to go back to sleep. At this point I could hear the heating had fired up and I checked the clock again and it still said 1:10 at which point I was very confused, why would the heating be operating in the early hours of the morning? Just as I was pondering what was going on the clock toggled on to 7:16am and the realisation dawned on me that it wasn't 1:10am I had been seeing but January 10th! Perhaps my Mickey Mouse alarm clock was actually a lot better than I thought.
Ventriloquism Update:
Whilst many people in the past have been accused as acting as the Government's puppet am I the only one to think that, whilst he doesn't act like one, the Chief Medical Officer Prof. Whitty does look like a ventriloquist's dummy? If he ever tells us we should all drink a gottle of geer don't say I didn't warn you.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 304
(Wednesday 13th January)
Exercise Update:
There has been a lot of spurious speculation in the camp newspaper, “The Daily Bugle”, as to whether it was within the “lockdown rules” for me to be spotted on my bike 7 miles from the camp.
I can only say that actually I was very proud to have got that far. If it wasn't for the worn bearing on the back wheel causing the bike to vibrate so much that it moves crabwise then my stationary exercise bike would not have walked it's way sideways 7 miles!!
In future I will stick to the running treadmill instead, but if I fall over when it is on the top speed I could still be flung a couple of miles out of camp.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 305
(Thursday 14th January)
Legal Update:
Rumours have been swirling around the camp that I am about to be impeached regarding my performance as Camp Commander over the past 10 months. I must say that this is a tremendous honour, I have always liked soft fruits particularly nectarines and peaches. I am however wondering how this honour will be bestowed, will it be a large gift basket of peaches or a discount voucher for the local fruit farm?
ponffonby said today "You're certainly going to get what's coming to you” which is unusual because normally ponffonby is very negative to me.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 306
(Friday 15th January)
Visitor Update:
We had unusual visitors yesterday when 6 Scuba divers arrived unexpectedly in the camp. The divers had started by carrying out underwater repairs on HMS Scuttlebutt in Portsmouth when they accidentally took a wrong turn. Due to the excessively heavy rain they found themselves following flooded sewers and ended up travelling through our inundated escape tunnels emerging from the secret entrance under Cpl. Digworthy's bunk in Hut P.
Leading Seaman Pipedown said “I’m astonished to arrive in the camp because I thought we were just coming up for a scheduled tea break on the dockside. I think we may have made history for being the first prison camp to unexpectedly go up in numbers rather than down.”
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 307
(Saturday 16th January)
Weather Update:
When I ventured out of my quarters this morning I was pleasantly surprised to see a line of snowmen spaced out across the parade ground. I marvelled at the ingenuity and inventiveness of the men getting up so early and created these life sized snowmen.
Upon enquiry I couldn't find anyone who would admit to creating the snowmen and most said they hadn't left their Huts since yesterday's evening roll call. There was however a notable absence of men, those from Hut D. I went on the hunt for them around the camp expecting to find them building more snowmen somewhere else, it was at this point that I had a nagging feeling that I had not seen them at all since yesterday evening's roll call. 
It finally dawned on me that I may have inadvertently forgotten to dismiss Hut D after roll call and they had been stood to attention all night long on the parade ground, the overnight snow had then turned them into the snow sculptures on display.
A blow torch and industrial hair dryer have, to a large extent, restored the men of Hut D but for some unknown reason there does seem to be a lingering resentment being shown to me. You might say “a chill in the air!!”
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 308
(Sunday 17th January)
Sports Update:
The inter hut football competition is hotting up with Huts F and C leading the charge to the top of the table.
There have been concerns over the Covid safety of the players and excessive goal celebrations, particularly, are being seen as out of kilter with the current social distancing rules.
To address these concerns I have drawn up new protocols and the men must stay at least 2 metres apart at all times including when forming a wall in front of the penalty area during free kicks. There should also not be any goal scoring celebrations that involve hugging, hand shaking, or back patting. Instead sets of note-lets will be distributed around the touchlines so that players can write congratulatory notes to the goal scorer which will be posted as soon as the match is over.
My attentions are now turning towards creating social distancing rules for rugby scrums.
Week 45
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 309
(Monday 18th January)
TV recreations update:
Last night brought about another of those unfortunate double bookings of the parade ground. Not only did we have the Corona Camp's much hyped version of Dancing on Ice but, inadvertently scheduled for the same time, was the Camp's tribute to The Great Pottery Throwdown. 
Despite the initial chaos the participants soon managed to cope with this unexpected clash. I must say I didn't think it would have been possible to create a 27 piece hand decorated tea set whilst performing a reverse roll-up spin but it was a tribute to the professionalism of the participants that they were able to perform this feat with great aplomb.
In fact things were going so well that it was a great disappointment when unfortunately the final pottery firing also melted the ice rink and the contestants had to hastily create a dancing on pottery swimming regatta instead.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 310
(Tuesday 19th January)
Medical Update:
We are fortunate to have in the camp a small contingent of officers from the Royal Army Medical Corps and I’m pleased to see they have quickly filled important roles within the compound.
Our wellness officer Maj. Feeley (known as Touchy by the men) has warned that the Monday of the third week of January is known as “Blue Monday” because it is the most depressing day of the year. So we were on high alert for symptoms yesterday.
It wasn't long before reports were coming in thick and fast of suspected cases of the blues. Cpl. Dai Tye of the Royal Welsh Fusiliers was however quick to apologise. Apparently he had left, on the art department stove, an unattended pressure cooker of woad, intended for the dying of several skeins of wool. Unfortunately the pressure cooker exploded showering many of the passing men returning from their breakfast sitting. The resulting blue appearance of these unfortunate men led to the misunderstanding. In the end it was discovered that in fact, apart from being quite cross, all these men were in good spirits and the camp continues to be a place of calm contentment.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 311
(Wednesday 20th January)
Older Person Update:
There is an unpleasant sort of mood in the camp today and this is largely due to the lack of sleep everyone had last night.
As more and more people are getting vaccinated it is getting more and more difficult to get everyone to adhere to the Lockdown and this is where our problems have emanated. The local population of over 80 year olds now believe that they are invincible and have been roaming around in large groups disturbing the peace.
It is bad enough that these pre-centennials have been constantly beating on the guardhouse door asking for us to return their ball, from impromptu kick abouts, but last night was the last straw. 
The local Sunset 80+ Chapter (who normally meet in St Peter's Church Hall) organised an illegal rave in the woods just outside our perimeter fence and it went on all night. Sleep was impossible with Glen Miller and George Formby blasting out of giant speakers and to be quite honest if I hear Gracie Fields sing "I'm the girl that makes the thing that drills the hole that holds the ring that drives the rod that turns the knob that works the thingummy bob" one more time I will break out of camp and shove their Hi-Fidelity Gramophone equipment where the sun don't shine!
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 312
(Thursday 21st January)
Military Honours Update:
As President Trump decided to award himself a military parade to honour his time in the White House I thought it would be fitting if I awarded myself a similar honour.
The local airfield was able to lay on a flypast of single engine training planes each with a passenger hanging out of the window with an emergency smoke flare in either red, white or blue; the sick bay inmates created an impressive formation roll past in their wheelchairs; and I took the salute from a contingent of military intelligence operatives although not everyone saw them because they blended in so well with the crowd.
The finale was a 21 gun salute that was due to be made at 1pm but was delayed for 2 minutes. 
As I left the stage I overheard ponffonby, who had taken command of the artillerymen, berating the men shouting, "How could you possibly miss?" 
I was surprised that ponffonby was so upset at the men for not meeting the deadline by such a small amount of time, particularly after they had volunteered for the role at the last minute.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 313
(Friday 22nd January)
Flooding Update:
The Corona Camp, like many parts of the country, has not avoided the problems caused by severe flooding. Huts A - M have had extensive internal flooding.
Initially when I inspected Hut C, to ascertain the level of flooding, I was not so worried because the water was only lapping just below the men's beds. Sgt. Tidesplash at this juncture pointed out that he wasn't so concerned about the men I could see on their beds, where the water was lapping, but rather those below on the bottom bunks.
Fortunately, as you may recall, from last week, we now, unexpectedly, have a team of salvage divers in the camp. Leading Seaman Pipedown was able to confirm that there was no one under the water and suggested that those men asleep on the bottom bunks had probably floated up with the rising water. This explanation was confirmed later when several confused and bedraggled men stumbled into the canteen unsure how they ended up stranded on high ground, in the middle of the night.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 314
(Saturday 23rd January)
Downing Street Briefing Update:
Have you noticed that during Downing Street briefings there are two sorts of people “boxed” or “non boxed.” Most lecterns these days are designed to be height adjustable but, for some reason, not those in No.10. Instead shorter people have to stand on a box, so that they can see over the lectern. This is obviously a case of height ism and I think those forced to stand on a box should sue the Government under the Equalities Act.
Film Premiere Update:
I understand that the release of the latest James Bond film 'No Time to Die' has been delayed for a third time. If this keeps on happening eventually they'll have to rename it 'Don’t bother, he died of old age'.
This has; however, made me think once again that 'Corona Camp The Movie' would make an excellent blockbuster with Brad Pitt playing me in the lead role.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 315

(Sunday 24th January)
Marriage Enquiries:
You may recall that a couple of weeks ago I mentioned the current Mrs Carruthers Brown. This led many people to enquire as to what happened to the first Mrs Carruthers Brown. Sadly I lost her number of years ago and if I'm honest when this Lockdown is over I may even go back to IKEA and see if anybody saw where she may have gone, I said at the time that the January sales were going to be far too busy.
Anyway I have found the help of the current Mrs Carruthers Brown invaluable over recent weeks. As the Colonel's wife it is necessary for her to organise all the other officer's wives and their recent effort to knit everyone mittens and balaclavas has been well received by all the men, particularly in this snowy weather. Once they have learnt how to knit eyeholes, in the balaclavas, they will probably prove to be even more useful.
Week 46
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 316
(Monday 25th January)
Hotel Promotion:
With quarantine hotels a likelihood, I think the Corona Camp is uniquely placed to offer its services. In fact I think the Camp could once again become a holiday destination in itself.
We have all of the following enviable qualities to make the Corona Camp the only place to holiday: plenty of rooms with full air conditioning, although that will change when we finally manage to close the windows properly; a Michelin starred chef in the canteen, awarded by Michelin tyres when he worked at Kwik Fit; an unrivalled entertainments selection from a nightly cabaret, featuring the latest stars of the seventies and eighties, to team building exercises working out how to climb out of the top bunks when they sag down so much; and a vibrant nightlife scene that sometimes goes on until at least 8:30pm.
We shall use the advertising slogan "Come to Corona Camp and you'll never want to holiday anywhere else again"
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 317
(Tuesday 26th January)
Entertainment News:
I mentioned the other day "Corona Camp" The Movie but now that no one can go to the cinema, and film premieres are being cancelled left, right and centre everyone is turning to Netflix, Amazon Prime and Now TV to get their fix by bingeing on box sets. With this in mind I have decided that the public would be clamouring instead to watch a “Corona Camp” box set!
Fortunately Sgt. Spielberg has brought his Betamax camcorder with him to the camp so he has been co-opted into the production of the mega series "The Corona Camp Success, a story of a great leader"
Sgt. Spielberg has already wiped the tapes of his wedding day and children's first birthdays in readiness for this important groundbreaking series. He has also scoured the huts for angle-poise lamps so that he can light me appropriately.
Auditions will take place this week to select the most attractive inmates to appear in supporting roles to my stardom whilst also making sure that they won't upstage me. The invite to the auditions has mysteriously disappeared out of ponffonby's “Inbox”. You may suspect that someone doesn't want ponffonby to appear in the series but I couldn't possibly comment.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 318
(Wednesday 27th January)
Roadmap Problems and Solutions:
Boris is looking to put together a roadmap out of this Corona catastrophe. In the spirit of cooperation I am doing my best to assist. I had a thorough search of my car and was able to find under the driver's seat a 1994 AA road atlas which I think would be really useful for Boris to use as a template. I know that there have been roads added since 1994 but to be honest does it really matter if people living on the Bedford Western Bypass are not included in the relaxation of Lockdown?
Using my atlas, as the basis for the roadmap to recovery, would not only speed things up but could also possibly be discounted if the AA did the actual recovering. In addition, not only would it give us a timetable to recovery but also a guide to the best National Trust properties to visit afterwards.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 319
(Thursday 28th January)
Pest Control Update:
The camp has been experiencing a problem with squirrels in the rafters of the huts. Upon enquiry amongst the men as to what to do about it our Chaplin, Rev. Piousnees, related what happened at the various churches in his previous Parish.
The Presbyterian church called a meeting to decide what to do about their squirrel infestation. After much prayer and consideration, they concluded that the squirrels were predestined to be there, and they should not interfere with God’s divine will.
At the Baptist church, the squirrels had taken an interest in the baptistry. The deacons met and decided to put a water-slide on the baptistry and let the squirrels drown themselves. The squirrels liked the slide and, unfortunately, knew instinctively how to swim, so twice as many squirrels showed up the following week.
The Lutheran church decided that they were not in a position to harm any of God’s creatures. So, they humanely trapped their squirrels and set them free near the Baptist church. Two weeks later, the squirrels were back when the Baptists took down the water-slide.
The Episcopalians tried a much more unique path by setting out pans of whiskey around their church in an effort to kill the squirrels with alcohol poisoning. They sadly learned how much damage a band of drunken squirrels can do.
The Catholic church came up with a more creative strategy. They baptized all the squirrels and made them members of the church. Now they only see them at Christmas and Easter.
The Jewish synagogue had much more success. They took the first squirrel and circumcised him. They haven’t seen a squirrel since!
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 320
(Friday 29th January)
Quarantine Hotel Update:
The Corona Camp welcomed its first quarantine hotel customers yesterday. We have an exclusive deal with Cranfield Airport (often known as London's twelfth airport) to take all passengers from the specified countries and so the first five people from Brazil and Portugal arrived late last night.
RSM Barkloud of the Military Police and his staff have done an excellent job setting up a safe quarantine area, Hut K has been surrounded by electrified barbed wire and his men corralled the quarantine-ees with cattle prods into the compound.
The quarantined passengers will remain in the Hut for the next 10 days, so have been warned not to use the kettle or look in the wardrobes just yet, otherwise there will be nothing left to look forward to. A special menu has however been devised by our head chef, Sgt. Cookes-Badly, that will initially consist of crackers, cheese slices and bacon but this will be added to over time once he finds more food flat enough to slide under the door.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 321
(Saturday 30th January)
Vaccines Update:
With all these vaccines now proving to be effective against Corona Virus we are hopeful that the one devised by our boffins in Hut Q will also be authorised for general use.
There have been some minor side effects associated with our vaccine but our chief boffin, Maj. Barnsfather, thinks these are a small price to pay for protection. The Major has personally tested the vaccine and at least we know where he is each full moon as he is outside howling at it. As a previously totally bald man he is also very proud of his full pelt of fur.
Keep an eye out for further announcements from the regulator regarding our WereVax and ask to receive that jab when you are contacted, particularly if you want to enjoy long nights out in the future.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 322
(Sunday 31st January)
Border Control Concerns:
ponffonby has gone too far this time. A border has been set up between the Quartermaster's stores and Huts U&K. The ponffonbites believe that too many toilet rolls are being supplied to Huts U&K and that Huts E&U are not receiving the rolls they ordered late last year.
I have set up an urgent enquiry to investigate this unconstitutional imposition of a border just outside the Quartermaster's stores and have so far discovered that the unrest is due to the haphazard incompetence of ponffonby to organise a regular supply of toilet rolls to Huts E&U. ponffonby maintains that because Huts U&K are closest to the stores they are receiving a disproportionate amount of rolls but it appears that this is due to a better organised requisition process used in those Huts.
ponffonby is now frantically backtracking on the imposition of a border claiming that it is all a misunderstanding and it was only intended to be a quality control check to ensure the quality of super softness and that unnamed officials went too far.
Thankfully the European Union would never act like that to the UK.
Week 47
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 323
(Monday 1st February)
Diversity Update:
You may recall that last summer everyone in the Camp had to endure compulsory Equality & Diversity lectures from our own woke aficionado Ms. Moonbeam, until she was banished to the Falklands to teach diversity to the penguins there.
Unfortunately Ms. Moonbeam has found a way, via Zoom, to hold weekly tutorials with the Women's Woke group and so now we are having to watch everything we say and do. Apparently it is no longer acceptable to refer to it as Covid 19 as this is discriminatory to Covids 1- 18, we cannot call it Corona Virus either because the 'a' ending denotes it as female. From now on we can only call it "Coron Virus all numbers''
With a bit of luck the onset of the southern hemisphere autumn and winter will cause internet reception problems and these Zoom diatribes will reduce and we won't have to continue showing intolerance to people who are not tolerant.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 324
(Tuesday 2nd February)
Entertainment News:
To maintain morale amongst the men I have organised regular film nights in the lecture theatre auditorium. Last night we watched a re-run of 'Bridget Jones Diary'
Sgt. McTwiddle of the Scots Guards took their regimental goat 'Butty' to the film because he said that Butty was bored being confined to his enclosure all day. Surprisingly Butty was not only well behaved but was gripped by the events on the screen and even laughed in all the right places. Afterwards I congratulated Sgt McTwiddle on bringing Butty and expressed amazement that he enjoyed the film and got the jokes. Sgt. McTwiddle confided in me that he was equally amazed because apparently Butty didn't like the book at all.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 325
(Wednesday 3rd February)
10 Downing Street :
Am I the only person to wonder how everybody fits into No.10 Downing Street? You always see loads of people going in the front door and lots of meetings and receptions happen there but it is only a small terraced house. Is there a large shed out the back so that things like the cabinet table can be stored there when it's not in use? Or, does the cabinet table rise up out of the floor like something in James Bond? Has MI5 developed Dr Who technology that no one else knows about so that when you enter the front door it's like the TARDIS, bigger on the inside than the outside?
Weather Presenters:
Obviously this lockdown is giving me too much time to think, but do you think that the BBC weather presenters are working from home? If the weather map graphics were to suffer a technical glitch would we see Carol Kirkwood's husband sat on the sofa in his underpants and string vest eating baked beans with a spoon from the tin? Would Louise Lear's cat wander on to the South Coast creating an apparent occluded front with its tail?
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 326
(Thursday 4th February)
Mutation Reassurances:
We've heard a lot over the past few days of the Corona Virus mutating. Now call be stupid if you will (not you ponffonby!) but surely if the virus is muted that's a good thing? A muted virus doesn't make as much noise so won't attract so many antibodies to attack?
Breaking News for Candlemas:
On Tuesday it was Candlemas which not only marks the middle day of winter, so there are less days to Spring than there were from Autumn, but it is also traditionally the day in which everyone would take their candles for the year to Church to be blessed.
I thought it would be a great midwinter morale boost if we held a Candlemas ceremony in the canteen officiated by Rev. Piousnees. At twilight each Hut brought all their candles in cardboard boxes to be blessed, laying them across the canteen side by side. The Reverend is not as steady on his feet as he used to be and his eyesight is failing but nevertheless it was unfortunate that he tripped over the makeshift altar rail dropping his lit candle into Hut D's cardboard box.
Many of the men were enlightened by the ceremony but unfortunately the rest of the camp was also lit up as well.
The Fire Brigade have said that it will take several days of damping down before they can assess the level of damage. Meanwhile meals are being taken alfresco.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 327
(Friday 5th February)
Quarantine Hotel Successes:
Boris is still looking at how he is going to implement quarantine hotels nationally. But as you know our own hotel is already up and running and Boris could do worse than use our example as a model on which to build a national roll out.
Of course there have been bumps in the road in setting up the quarantine hotel. We were not expecting so many travellers and space is at a premium. Consequently a shift system has had to be put in place for use of a bunk, to sleep. Similarly the single toilet for 300 guests has led to some frustration, crossed legs and crossed eyes.
On the plus side the South African guests are pleased that our chef, Sgt. Cookes-Badly, has added Biltong onto the menu which is not only flat enough to post under the door but can also be pushed through the keyhole. He is now looking to serve hot soup by the same method.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 328
(Saturday 6th February)
News Bulletin:
At last! Yesterday I read online some really good news. I hear you asking, was it the fact that the peak of the latest Covid wave has passed? Was it that hospital admissions are on the way down? Was it that over 11 million people have been vaccinated? No it was much more important than all of these, it was that Cadbury's Dairy Milk production is being moved back to Bournville.
There won't now be any hold up with the customs paperwork when importing the best chocolate in the world and the EU can't bully us into giving them any if we don't want to. In fact the whole lockdown and Brexit sagas have been worth it just so we can have lorries of milk chocolate bars coming down the M6 to a corner shop near here!
ponffonby won't be leaving the office until all the walls are papered with empty purple wrappers.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 329
(Sunday 7th February)
Beast from the East 2, Weather Report:
I have been sitting in my Hut all night shivering from the arrival of the Beast from the East 2. The vicious wind has been buffeting the wooden walls about and my little stove is just not keeping up.
At roll call this morning men were dressed up in every piece of clothing imaginable in an attempt to stay warm. Sgt. Smethurst and Cpl. Prattlebottom were even in a pantomime cow costume. To be honest with everyone's faces covered in scarves, balaclavas and woolly hats it was really hard to hear their replies when their name was called out so I'm not really sure who's here and who's not.
Once back in their Huts the men's main concern was looking for fuel for their stoves which led to several scuffles over whose bunks should be fed into the fire. Inventiveness must however go to Hut C for requisitioning the canteen's used cooking oil for fuel. The resulting smell of cooked chips however has made everyone incredibly peckish.
Despite the shivering I'm sure we will all survive this new Beast from the East but as always my biggest problem is ponffonby, the Pest from the West.
Week 48
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 330
(Monday 8th February)
Updated Weather Report:
What a difference a night makes. Last night when we went to bed the camp looked like the Somme with mud up to your armpits in places and this morning everywhere has been transformed into a snowy winter wonderland.
Our Norwegian contingent has been making the most of these snowy conditions since the early hours. They have set up a makeshift ski jump that starts on the administration block roof that then runs on to the canteen roof and finally on to the top of Hut P. 
2nd Lieut. Olaf Gluestic is a former Winter Olympic ski jumping champion and on just his third attempt he not only broke the camp record but also cleared the perimeter fence and has made his break for freedom.
Lieut. Gluestic was last seen cross country skiing up the A1 back towards his home country.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 331
(Tuesday 9th February)
Ice Warnings:
Not long into the first Lockdown we were having trouble sleeping in our Huts at night because it was too hot, now we are having trouble sleeping because it's too cold! What, to a passing stranger, may sound like workmen using hammer drills, inside each Hut, is actually men's teeth chattering together.
I'm told the Inuit have hundreds of words for snow, well I've got hundreds of words for this current cold weather but unfortunately nothing I can write here. On the plus side social distancing is no longer a problem because everyone is so rotund, wearing every single piece of clothing, that it's impossible to get closer than 2 metres anyway.
Hopefully warmer weather will be with us soon, which will not only be a relief to our constantly dripping noses but also to the smells under those noses because the pipes in the shower block will have thawed as well.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 332
(Wednesday 10th February)
Bright Light Update:
Over the recent weeks a couple of bright lights have been shining into the Corona Camp at night time. Investigations have shown that these lights are not the searchlights on the guard towers or any outside lights from nearby housing, in fact the lights appear to come from the horizon in the middle of nowhere in the countryside.
Yesterday a covert operation was mounted to establish the source of these lights and a crack team was dispatched through the wire under the command of Capt. Gung Ho of the Ghurkha Regiment. On return the squad reported that they were unsuccessful in establishing the source of the lights.
At an intelligence conference early this morning it was concluded that the only plausible explanation for the source of the lights was, Aliens.
I now see from the news that Mars has 3 new satellites arriving in its orbit this week from the UAE, China and the US. I can only conclude that our lights are actually Martians who have come to complain about too many people parking on their drive.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 333
(Thursday 11th February)
Prison Secondment:
Sometimes this Corona Virus has left workplaces short of personnel due to illness and isolation and so it was no surprise when I was drafted in to take temporary command of the nearby 'Glasshouse' or military prison as well as the Camp. 
The prison is of the highest security with only the most hardened criminals housed there. I thought it important to carry out a getting to you exercise so that I knew what violent criminals are incarcerated there. I went around the cells talking to all the prisoners to find out what they were in for. In the first cell were 2 tattooed, head shaven individuals, one was serving 7 years for GBH and the other 8 for manslaughter. The next cell had an inmate serving 6 years for violent robbery and as I progressed along the wing I came across more and more thuggish lags with similar violent histories.
In the last cell was an occupant who had only arrived yesterday and had been sentenced to 10 years. I wondered what sort of crime he must have committed for such a stiff sentence. He told me that he had arrived at Heathrow yesterday and inadvertently forgot to tell the Border Force officer that he had once gone on a family holiday to Portugal in 1973.
It makes me sick, some people should just be locked up and the key thrown away!
(The phone rings)
Carruthers Brown: Hello who’s there?
Anonymous Camp Mate: I just wanted to say I went to Portugal in 2016 and worse than that I’ve been to Kent loads of times.
Carruthers Brown: Stay where you are Anon, the police are on the way!
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 334
(Friday 12th February)
Travel Update:
The Corona Camp Travel Agency is reporting the best ever footfall this week. I was looking forward to counting record takings last night but the shop manager, Sgt. Aire (first name Ryan) told me that no money was taken at all. Apparently customers can only look but not book.
Cpl. Ramsbottom was very disappointed that he couldn't book a trip to Bolton in 2023 and is now trying to console himself by building a life size replica of Bolton Town Hall out of toilet rolls and sticky back plastic. In fact it is so life like Robert Jenrick, Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, mistook it for the real thing and was sitting inside for over an hour waiting to meet the Mayor.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 335
(Saturday 13th February)
Breakfast Revelations:
The world has gone mad! Am I talking about the fact that Trump is unlikely to be convicted by the Senate? Or perhaps that the WHO have not been able to ascertain the source of the Covid outbreak in China? No it's far worse than that. Weetabix has suggested that baked beans on Weetabix is an ideal breakfast meal. Seriously??? This is what happens when you sell a British company to the Americans.
Is this the thin end of the wedge, can the world go any more mad? Quite frankly the only breakfast suggestion that could be worse, and I am prepared to leave the country if it comes to pass, would be if it is suggested that toast is improved by spreading Marmite on it.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 336
(Sunday 14th February)
Valentine's Day Update:
Everyone is feeling very sorry for Maj. Barnsfather today.
Mrs Barnsfather was extremely unhappy with the Major for missing Valentine's Day. The Major tried to explain that due to the new Brexit regulations there had been no red roses imported into the country nor did he want to expose her to catching the virus from a card that had been handled by many people in the shop, Mrs Barnsfather however was not convinced. Perhaps the biggest mistake the Major made however was when he tried to convince her further by suggesting that the only other alternative of chocolates was inadvisable as she said was on a diet and he didn't want to add to her weight problem.
The Major's final humiliation was to be chased around the camp by Mrs Barnsfather beating him over the head with a suitably long, socially distanced umbrella.
Week 49
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 337
(Monday 15th February)
Vaccine News 2:
A milestone was passed yesterday when the 15 million mark was passed. Not 15 million vaccinations but 15 Million Baked Beans have been served during breakfast in the canteen this year so far. You may not be very impressed with this figure but let me tell you now that the camp generator has been adapted to run on methane every bean counts.
Hut P (so named due to its proximity to the septic tank) have been doing sterling work capturing the methane although a number have been reporting to the MO with acute acne caused by extended gas mask wearing.
When I make my recommendations for medals I'm sure the men of Hut P will feature highly for their outstanding work in the business
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 338
(Tuesday 16th February)
Education Supplement:
Last night I watched on catch-up a documentary about Stonehenge.
Apparently Stonehenge consisted originally of just the blue-stones in a much larger ring than they are now and were later moved into the tighter circle then the larger Saracen stone 'goalposts' were added. Nobody knows what Stonehenge was meant for but to me it's fairly obvious that it was used as a giant Neolithic pinball machine. When they find the massive stone ball that goes with the set my theory will be vindicated.
The documentary then went on to show not only, where in Wales, the blue-stones were quarried from, but also proof that the same stones that are standing now at Stonehenge were originally set in a stone circle, adjacent to the quarry, and only later transported to Salisbury Plain. The archaeologists did not know why they were transported so far and for what reason. To me again the reason is clear, the site in Wales was a Henge showroom and tribes from around the country would come and view it and then order one for their locality. Obviously the show Henge was sold off, as shop soiled for a discount, in a clearance sale to the Wiltshire tribe. "We can deliver as soon as you want; you need to be in between 3,100 and 3,050 BC"
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 339
(Wednesday 17th February)
Vaccination News 3:
I understand that trials are taking place on the effectiveness of the Covid vaccines on the under 18s.
As always we too at the Corona Camp are at the forefront of vaccine research and are testing the effectiveness of giving adults 3 shots rather than 2 although if I'm honest it was all a bit of a mistake. 
As I've said before our Camp nurse, Mavis is getting on a bit and her eyesight is poor. In fact she is so old she was the first to be inoculated in camp as the only person over 80. Anyway she had just vaccinated Private Blenkinsop and when he bent down to pick up his jacket she tripped over him and gave him another shot in the bottom and then as he left the cubicle she thought he was the next person coming in and inoculated him in the arm again.
Blenkinsop is getting over the side effects, especially as now the red spots have all merged together to just give him an overall puce hue, but climbing the wall like a spider and being able to complete the 2 mile perimeter run in 4 seconds, are a definite boon to him.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 340
(Thursday 18th February)
Current Affairs Update:
Having watched the news last night I'm afraid I'm left with more questions than answers.
1. Boris is considering a staged end to this current lockdown. Why does it have to be staged? I know this Corona Virus has been dramatic but surely we don't have to put it on the stage? Just to be on the safe side I have ordered our maintenance department to build several stages around the camp just in case. The "Corona Camp Follies" our song and dance troupe are however in ecstasy that they will be able to put on travelling shows progressing from stage to stage.
2. Pop-up courts are being planned to increase the number of trials that can be held. Presumably they will only be for people who have been pop-up booked?
3. Human trials are about to commence where healthy people will deliberately be infected with Covid. Is this a case of bunker thinking, have the scientists organising this trial looked up to see that there are already a few people about, who have already been infected?
4. The National Trust reports that their houses are suffering from moth infestations and their textile exhibits are being eaten away. A lack of visitors means that the moths are not being disturbed and are breeding at an alarming rate. What I want to know is why the ladies in the gift shop sold these moths entrance tickets in the first place?
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 341
(Friday 19th February)
Vaccine News 4:
A number of businesses are considering introducing a no jab no job policy which means if you don't get vaccinated you won't be able to keep your job.
This seems an excellent idea and I think that I should adopt this policy in the camp. ponffonby is however as usual being awkward and is trying to set up an anti-vax campaign amongst the men.
On the whole I think ponffonby is like a slinky spring, not much use for anything but would give me great pleasure if pushed down the stairs.
Science Report:
NASA landed their satellite on Mars yesterday which mainly consists of the Perseverance Rover car that has been specially designed to drive across the Martian landscape. The main problem they experienced in the development of the Rover was where they could find the right engineers and scientists with the right attributes to design, build and test it.
In the end they decided that the best place in the world to design and build the Rover was Stevenage. Why? Well because there were already aerospace engineers with the right skills in the locality, and they had space to build a replica of the Martian landscape there. But mostly Stevenage was chosen because it was the only place they could find with a similar lack of atmosphere.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 342
(Saturday 20th February)
Students of Modern Chemistry Report:
This past week the men have been acting very strangely. Many of them have seemed hyperactive during the day and partying all night. I wondered what was causing this peculiar phenomenon and set out to investigate further. My suspicions led me to believe that the only men acting strangely were those who had fruit for dessert, so I concentrated my investigations around that.
Sgt. O' Really runs the Quartermaster's stores and he has been buying most of his fruit from a dodgy wholesaler based in Tottenham, particularly bananas, (which we’ve had an inexplicable run on.) I now see in the news that this firm was busted yesterday for importing £184 million worth of cocaine into the country secreted in a banana shipment from Colombia, the largest ever customs haul.
I'm kicking myself now that I didn't see sooner that it was the bananas causing the hyperactivity in the men. I should have realised there was something amiss when I saw them sniffing the bananas up rather than eating them.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 343
(Sunday 21st February)
Electricity Update:
I'm very grateful that we are almost entirely self sufficient in electricity with our Baked Bean fuelled generator. The demand for electricity is only going to go up, and reliability down.
I see that the Texans are shivering in their latest cold snap because wind turbines have frozen up. Only a couple of years ago in this country millions were plunged into darkness when two generating plants went offline at the same moment. The smug National Grid engineer announced on TV, with no apology, that the grid had behaved perfectly, when it faced an undeliverable demand, by disconnecting consumers in most of the northern Home Counties. (I noticed that he was never asked to give an interview again.)
The demand is only going to get higher when we are forced to drive electric cars in the next few years.
The latest electric car advertisement asks "What is everyone asking about our new all electric car?”    
“How does it feel?"
No, no, no, no, no! What everyone is actually asking is "How far does it go?"
No one wants to get halfway up the M6 and then spend 3 hours in the services waiting for the car to charge back up. Worse still you don't want to run out of juice on the Salford bypass because you couldn't find a charging point. It's not like you can climb over the crash barrier and walk to the nearest farm and beg a jerry can full of electricity.
I shall continue to increase the bean and roughage content on the menu so that we have a sufficient supply of methane for the generator.
Week 50
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 344
(Monday 22nd February)
Vaccination Update 5:
In an idle moment in the office yesterday we were talking about Mavis, the camp nurse, regarding her poor eyesight and how it was hit and miss if she manages to get the needle anywhere near the arm when giving the Covid vaccinations. I asked those in the office which arm they would prefer to receive the jab. ponffonby said the left arm pointing to the right l sarcastically pointed out that it was the wrong arm being pointed to, at which point ponffonby got very agitated and tried to blame everyone in the room for swapping the left to the right or installing a secret mirror.
Is there a medical term for people who can't tell their left from their right? Oh yes DENSE (Doesn't Even kNow Simple Enstructions!)
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 34
(Tuesday 23rd February)
Lockdown Relaxation Update:
Boris has now announced his road map out of lockdown. The most important thing I took away from his announcement was on the relaxation of outdoor mixing. Finally from the 8th March we will be able to mix concrete outdoors for new foundations. It also means that we can mix mortar to put between the bricks of the most recently built Huts which will make them much more secure as well as less draughty.
Only yesterday Private Dulally slammed the door of the newly built education centre and the back wall and all the windows fell out. Fortunately the intermediate maths class were studying solid geometric shapes at the time and were able to take part in an ad-hoc practical session working out where each of the block shapes fitted. Over time we will no doubt be able to move the upside down window from its new position 7 feet above the back door.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 346
(Wednesday 24th February)
Roadmap Update:
Having had time now to study Boris's Roadmap to recovery I can see that he has chosen to take the scenic route with long stopovers at roadside cafes on the way. 
I'm disappointed that Boris hasn't used the AA road atlas that I offered him; it appears he has used instead a 1925 Bartholomew's Touring Guide for the Gentleman Motorist that only shows the byways and refreshment premises catering for the more discerning traveller. Presumably the Valet will be going ahead by train with the vaccines.
ponffonby has taken charge of the camp's own roadmap to recovery, but with ponffonby's inability to distinguish left from right however we may never make it out of lockdown.
Oh well, as they say, it is better to travel hopefully than to arrive, but if you get there before us could you please leave the door unlocked?
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 347
(Thursday 25th February)
Teaching Update:
Lieut. Knowit-Awle, our further education coordinator, is very pleased with our new education block, despite the build-finish problems mentioned the other day. She is however concerned with the suggestion Boris is making, that catch up lessons should be held during the summer holidays.
Lieut Knowit-Awle, like all other teachers, had a whinge chip fitted at teacher training college and so if anything is suggested by Government, Local Council, Exam Board, PTA, parents or pupils the default is to complain that it's not fair. Like her union, the Federated Corona Camp Teachers and Exam Fettlers Union, she is against anything that Boris might suggest. Her union leader is chomping at the bit, along with all the other teaching union leaders, to appear on any TV news programme to point out how hard done by they are in comparison to everyone else.
The Lieutenant may however have gone too far as I've just spotted her dressed in armour, riding a white horse and wielding a sword believing she is Joan of Arc and urging her pupils to march on Orleans.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 348
(Friday 26th February)
Scottish Update:
There has been concern within our Scottish contingent about what is going on North of the border. Capt. McInverrary of the Scots Guards tells me that his men are very confused as to what is going on in the Scottish Parliament. It seems that the leader of the Scottish Parliament (Maureen McClatchy, I think) is having a huge dustup with the former leader (Alec Haddock, I think).She is saying that he is lying and he says that she is. The published evidence keeps on being altered, redacted and removed so no one knows who is saying what, about what, or whom. Nobody else in the Parliament knows what's going on either but are throwing in their two penneth just to get their names in the paper.
Whenever I see the Scottish Parliament at Holyrood it looks to me like they are sitting behind Big Band music stands and instead of all this arguing I think it would be much better if they just all stood up and gave a swinging rendition of the ‘Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy of Company B.'
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 349
(Saturday 27th February)
Leaks Update:
I am very concerned about the amount of leaking to the press there is these days. If I pick up a paper, or watch a news bulletin on the TV, they are full of stories of things that are going to happen as much as things that have happened. By the time, for example, the Chancellor gets to his feet in the Chamber next week we will already know exactly what he is going to say in the Budget, and any new measures Boris is going to announce about the pandemic are always in the press before he speaks.
I am concerned that this leak culture will spill over into my Camp announcements and so I've decided to appoint an 'Officer in Charge of Leaks' to ensure that confidentiality is maintained at all times. Lieut. Dai Larfin of the Welsh Guards was very quick off the mark to apply for the post but changed his mind at the interview when he realised the job was not actually about the conservation of leeks as he had believed.
To my consternation I've had to give the job to the only other applicant, ponffonby. Given that ponffonby seems to be the main source of Leaks in the Camp anyway, I don't think the purpose of the post is going to be achieved. What is more half the time I don’t think ponffonby even knows what day it is!
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 350
(Sunday 28th February)
2nd Phase Vaccine Update:
Lieut. Knowit-Awle, our education coordinator, is very, very upset. Despite assurance from her union (Federation of Corona Camp Teachers and Exam Fettlers) that she is an at risk key worker and most deserving of the 2nd phase Vaccination, Boris has decided to stick with descending age group priority instead.
Obviously Boris has decided that it is not always the squeakiest wheels that necessarily need the oil. There have been a number of very vociferous demands for the vaccine from certain unions, whose workers are not necessarily a priority, whilst the really deserving key workers, like bus drivers and supermarket workers, are too busy working to make their voice heard. For the time being the teaching unions the Union of Arctic & Antarctic Explorers, and the Allied Solo Long Distance Runners will have to wait their turn like everyone else.
Lieut. Knowit-Awle meanwhile has barricaded herself in the education block and says she won't come out until she is vaccinated. Ironically as she is 49 years old she is top of the list for phase 2 anyway!
Week 51
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 351
(Monday 1st March)
St David's Day Update:
Lieut. Dai Larfin and his men of the Welsh Guards are celebrating St David's Day in style today. It began at reveille this morning when instead of the usual bugle call we were woken by Lance Corporal Glendower playing "Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau" (the Welsh national anthem) on the harp.
At roll call we were treated to a Busby Berkley style extravaganza involving men choreographed into intricate designs of leeks and daffodils while a male voice choir sang "Bread of Heaven" and Tom Jones' "My, my, my Delilah"
The finale consisted of the Welsh mountain goat mascots performing a motorcycle daredevil display, ending with all fourteen balanced in a pyramid on just one bike, jumping through a hoop of fire.
The standard for Lance Corporal I Didilee (I Tie) has certainly been set for 2 weeks time when it is St Patrick's Day.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 352
(Tuesday 2nd March)
Canine Update:
Following yesterday's spectacular St David's Day show, especially by the Mascot Goat Motorcycle Display Team, the Royal Military Police dog section felt they have been a little unappreciated.
RMP Dog Handler Sgt. Nora Bone, in the interest of promoting her canine friends, has helpfully set out the following reference text regarding How many dogs it takes to change a light bulb?
Golden Retriever
The sun is shining, the day is young, we've got our whole lives ahead of us, why bother?
Border Collie
Just me! Then I'll do any wiring that's not up to building standards.
Dachshund
You know I can't reach up that high!
Rottweiler
Make me!
Boxer
Who cares? I can play with my squeaky toys in the dark.
Labrador
Oh me, me, meeee! Pleeeeez let me change the lightbulb! Can I huh? Can I? Can I? Pleeeeez, please, please, please.
German Shepherd
I'll do it once I've got everyone safely out of the building and checked the perimeter for intruders.
Jack Russell Terrier
I'll do it whilst I'm bouncing off the walls!
Old English Sheepdog
Bulb? What bulb? I can't see a bulb.
Pointer
I see the bulb, there it is. There. There it is. It's right……...there.
Greyhound
Nah, It doesn't look like a hare to me.
Poodle
I'll just blow into Collie's ear and he'll do it for me and by that time my nails will be dry.
A cat's answer
Dogs don't change light bulbs, humans do. The real question is, How long is it going to take before I can expect some light, some dinner and a massage?
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 353
(Wednesday 3rd March)
Meteorite Update:
There have been numerous reports in the press that there may be several meteorites in an area to the north of Cheltenham. This is due to the observations of a giant fireball that was seen streaking across the English sky on Sunday night and scientists have attributed this to a large meteor which would have broken up when burning through the sky. They have triangulated the trajectory from the various video footage made and have predicted that any surviving pieces are somewhere around Stow-on-the-Wold.
I'd like to apologise to everyone involved particularly the scientists and those on the ground searching for the meteorites. This entire incident was actually an unfortunate accident in the canteen kitchen. Chef Sgt. Cookes-Badly was changing the propane gas cylinder out the back of the kitchen whilst having a crafty fag. The escaping gas caught fire and it quickly backed up into the cylinder leading to a rapid expansion in the tank causing it to explode which set off a chain reaction of explosions in the nearby motor pool's petrol cans ending in a massive explosion of the stored methane being used to fuel the generator which led to the generator being propelled with tremendous force into orbit. On returning to the atmosphere the generator lit up the sky over Cheltenham.
If anyone does find any 'meteorites' around Stow-on-the-Wold I would be most grateful if they sent them back to us so that we can reassemble the generator because it's very dark and cold here at the moment.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 354
(Thursday 4th March)
Vaccination Update 6:
I've finally received an invitation to receive my first dose of vaccine and given the haphazard injections that our short sighted Camp Nurse Mavis is giving; I have decided to go to an NHS vaccination centre.
The problem with the NHS sites now is that they are not only vaccinating newer, larger cohorts of people but are also giving second shots to all the people who have already been jabbed. By in effect doubling the workload the centres are extremely busy and getting a slot at a local centre is proving difficult.
To get an appointment for next week I have had to accept a booking at a centre quite some distance from the camp. In fact it is so far away I will have to quarantine for two weeks when I get back.
(Conversation in the Camp Office)
Carruthers Brown: I’ve just been called for my vaccination. But talk about a “slap in the face” the letter came with a large print leaflet called “a guide to older adults”. Huh well I just hope there’s going to be enough Zimmer Frame parking at the centre.
ponffonby: Where have you got to go?
Carruthers Brown: Miles away!
ponffonby: Really!!!!! Not Hut “V”.
Carruthers Brown: No ponffonby, what do you know about it?
ponffonby: Nothing at all they’ve probably sent you somewhere special as befits your rank. Probably armchairs and sofas etc there, and coffee while you wait.
Carruthers Brown: Anyway it’s somewhere with a lot of booths
ponffonby: Those places will be really handy in May when people are voting. They can have their jab and vote at the same time.
Carruthers Brown: Very true they can use the same booths, needle in one arm, pencil in the other hand and hey presto cuts down on the number of contacts.
ponffonby: I can see why they put you in charge of Corona Camp, with thinking like that sir.
Carruthers Brown: Some leaders are born great; others have greatness thrust upon them. 
(Mine arrived accidentally when I was passing the recruitment centre and signed up when I actually thought I was in the queue for the post office.)
Mystery Flight Update:
I see in the press that Quantas Airline is going to be offering 'mystery trips' where you don't know where the plane is going to go to. Quantas are promoting these mystery trips as something not tried before by an airline. I beg to differ, many times I've flown with Ryanair, and been flown to somewhere other than the city advertised - with a 2 hour, 100 mile coach transfer needed to end up where you should have been in the first place!
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 355
(Friday 5th March)
Adult Education Update:
Now that the Camp Education Centre has been rebuilt we are able to offer new adult education courses to the general public. Listed below are the latest courses, please contact me if you are interested in taking one.
Back to Work.
Designed for those who have been on furlough for the past 11 months and are expecting to go back to work shortly. Sessions start at 11:30am to allow you time to have a leisurely breakfast, read the papers and then have another cup of coffee before starting. Dress code, leisure / sleepwear.
End of Lockdown Fitness.
For those people who have become unfit during lockdown. Particular emphasis will be put on building up arm strength again so that when the pubs reopen you can lift a pint glass in just one hand.
English as a Second Language.
Designed for anyone who has spent lockdown communicating in just grunts and eye rolls with their partner. This course will also be useful for teenagers whether they have been in lockdown or not.
Primary Maths.
Providing the skills in basic mathematics so that you are finally able to understand what you have been teaching your children whilst home- schooling.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 356
(Saturday 6th March)
Brazilian Variant Update:
The missing person who tested positive for the Brazilian Covid variant over a week ago has finally been found.
In fairness I didn't realise that my contact details were incorrect. How ponffonby could possibly get my name, address, email and phone numbers all wrong is beyond me, in future if I want a decent job doing I will have to do it myself. Honestly the quality of adjutants these days is appalling!
I had only gone to Rio de Janeiro for a couple of days to pick up tips on holding a carnival as part of our forthcoming end of lockdown celebrations. I certainly didn't think I had taken any risks by walking through the favelas without a mask and sharing meals inside the stuffy shanty huts but there we are, apparently somehow I managed to get infected. 
Fortunately I have remained symptomless so didn't quarantine and I've been able to continue my voluntary role, making home visits to the elderly.
In future I hope the authorities come down hard on these reckless people coming into the country from Covid hot spots, not everybody is as careful as I am!
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 357
(Sunday 7th March)
News Headlines:
I spent all day yesterday searching for ponffonby but with no success. Later I discovered that ponffonby has temporarily left the camp to take part in a “no holds barred, tell all'' interview with Oprah Winfrey.
There is consternation in the Camp that ponffonby will air all the secrets that we have been trying to contain for nearly a year now, but if our dirty laundry is going to be aired in public then I've got a thing or two to say about ponffonby!
There have been persistent complaints of workplace bullying perpetrated by ponffonby and I am currently carrying out an intensive review of ponffonby's staff management skills. There are also indications that ponffonby is involved in some sort of procurement scandal. It appears that all NHS PPE is being acquired through ponff inc. at inflated prices.
It now makes sense that, the last time seen; ponffonby was leaving the camp in a Rolls Royce with the number plate PON55BY.
All I can say is keep an eye out for any Oprah Winfrey specials on the TV and ignore everything that is said.
Week 52
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 358
(Monday 8th March)
Lighting Update:
Following the Dog Section's analysis of the capability of various dog breeds to change a light bulb I thought it would be useful to canvas the opinion of the various sections in the camp of their capabilities, in this area, also.
Royal Engineers
We'd have to bridge the bottomless chasm first before we get to the bulb.
Royal Tank Corps.
Oops. Sorry, was that your bulb we just ran over?
Scots Guards
We Cannae do that, it's an English bulb.
Welsh Guards
We can only do it with the help of a French rugby referee.
Royal Electrical & Mechanical Engineers
It will have to be part of a planned maintenance programme of all light bulbs.
Catering Corps
Have you got a recipe for it?
Royal Army Medical Corps
Once it has been anaesthetised it will be a simple extraction and implant.
Royal Marine Commandos
We'll be in, out and will have activated the remote detonation before you know it.
Royal Artillery
Turn up the voltage. This time we can make it go with a really big bang!
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 359
(Tuesday 9th March)
Testing Concerns:
Yesterday there was confusion over positive testing; initially the advice appeared to be that if someone tested positive on a lateral flow test then a negative PCR test would not cancel the earlier test. This caused consternation in the Motor Pool when Private Mick Annick got confused and connected his electrical tester up incorrectly which meant that when he was testing vehicle batteries he thought the negative terminals were positive.
Fortunately later in the day Boris clarified that a lab test can cancel an “on the spot” test which meant that Sgt. Piston, the Motor Pool supervisor, was able to confirm which terminals were negative and the vehicle batteries could be turned back the correct way. 
Everyone is now relieved that they can stop driving backwards everywhere!
Stop Press:
This morning there's further confusion because Boris has changed his mind and is now saying a negative test can't overrule a positive test! 
What about if we put the batteries in sideways?
Cold Water Swimming Report:
A recent study has shown that cold water swimming is good for your brain.
Quite frankly, in my view, if you are prepared to go swimming in a river or lake in the middle of winter there is something seriously wrong with your brain in the first place!
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 360
(Wednesday 10th March)
Daylight Saving Update:
I'm pleased to see that the days are getting longer and it's starting to feel more like Spring. But what I've never really understood is why the clocks go back about 6 weeks before the shortest day (winter solstice) but don't go forward until about 13 weeks after? If the clocks change to save daylight in the evenings why don't the clocks change now so that it can be light until 7pm?
While there are loads of clocks in the camp that need changing twice a year, which takes quite a long time, think how difficult it was thousands of years ago for the Druids at Stonehenge. It must have been a major task to lift and move all those stones twice a year so that the sun rose correctly over each one.
Have you ever thought of all the poor Local Authority electricians that have to go around changing the clocks in all the streetlights so that they go on and off at the right time? How come you never see them doing it? - Do they have to do it in the dead of night?
I've changed my mind; it all seems too much work!!! Let's stick to GMT all year round.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 361
(Thursday 11th March)
Test and Trace Concerns:
A Parliamentary committee has voiced significant concerns over failings in the Test & Trace system.
I am pleased that Boris has come to the defence of the system because the men of Hut T have been doing their very best, under difficult circumstances, to administer the whole operation, as well as being the hub of the trace operation.
Hut T was chosen as the main trace centre because it was ideally placed, close to the main communications links within the camp as the public telephone box is directly outside the hut.
Obviously there were teething problems in the trace operation, but once Capt. Findham was able to get to the Post Office and withdraw enough 10 pence coins the men were able to fully utilise the telephone to reach the contacts of people with Covid. Sometimes there is even a queue of tracers outside the telephone box, armed with handwritten lists of people to contact. This most often happens when the phone is being used, by other camp inmates, to phone their girlfriends or order a takeaway
I must also make it clear that the suggestion that some Test and Trace consultants are being paid over £6000/day are grossly exaggerated. I have never invoiced Boris for more than £5998 on any one day for my administrative expertise.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 362
(Friday 12th March)
Vaccine News:
Yesterday morning I travelled halfway across the country to get my Astra Zeneca jab then in the afternoon I heard that Scandinavian countries have stopped using it due to concerns over possible blood clots being caused by it. I've spent all night running on the spot so that my blood kept rushing round my body and didn't stop to clot, I'm not sure how much longer I can keep this up though.
I must say the Vaccination Centre was running a very military operation, which surprised me; it was nothing like the one at the Corona Camp. 
I think the first administrator I spoke to must have been a bit star struck though because when I gave my name as Lieut Col Carruthers Brown a look of consternation crossed her face, quickly followed by a fixed grin, and then I was obviously put in some sort of VIP channel, because they couldn't jab me and get me out of the exit fast enough. They seemed to take much more time with all the other ordinary people.
Having spoken with those men who have visited a Vaccination Centre to get their jab it seems the biggest concern has not been about side effects, or the efficacy of the vaccine, but why some people have received a sticker and others haven't. As I got a sticker I assume it is again something to do with my VIP status, but nevertheless I've worn it with pride, even sleeping with it on my pyjamas
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 363
(Saturday 13th March)
Science Update:
Once again out boffins in Hut Q have led the way in developing cutting edge medical equipment.
You may have seen on the news an article describing how colonoscopies could be a thing of the past with the latest in swallowable technology in the form of a capsule pill shaped camera. Our Boffins developed the original prototype of these cameras now being used although the latest technology is digital whereas ours was analogue and a bit bulkier. Swallowing the camera wasn't too much of a problem but the tripod did tend to stick in the throat. It was also necessary to swallow the flash cubes, modified from a Kodak Instamatic, individually as well.
Our test subject was selected because he had some prior knowledge of photography and was more likely to know the “f” settings and exposure required in the upper colon and Staff Sgt. David Bailey consequently produced some promising results.
Being an analogue device did pose a few problems in that each snap had to be taken one at a time and the film then needed to be wound on. There were also the flash and windscreen wiper modes that needed to be operated manually. Our Boffins came up with an ingenious method to operate the various modes by designing it so that the patient just needed to learn an intricate series of hops from leg to leg to turn them on.
All went well until the Staff Sgt Bailey attended a Barn Dance and during a memorable Cumberland Reel the seat of his trousers kept on lighting up with flashes from inside and the band was drowned out at the end by the motorised rewind mechanism.
There are of course other benefits of the new devices being digital in that they are able to automatically download their photos directly to a consultant's computer. With our analogue model we weren't the most popular people in the queue for the 1 hour developing in Boots.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 364
(Sunday 14th March)
Mother’s Day News:
Cpl. Boyson has attempted to outdo himself this year with a treat for his mother today on Mother's Day. He has spent all week collecting wild daffodils with the Intention of delivering them to his mum's door by pickup truck. Unfortunately just as he was loading the last bunch onto the back of the truck the drop down side dropped down and buried the hapless Corporal under the entire load. Despite several bruises he managed to extract himself from under the load only to find that he is actually allergic to daffodils and broke out into red and itchy bumps.
Undaunted Cpl Boyson managed to stagger his battered, bruised, red and swollen self to his mum's house where he presented her with the last remaining salvageable, limp and tattered daffodil. Mrs Boyson was overwhelmed with his thoughtfulness and declared that it was the best Mother's Day present ever.
It just goes to show that mothers always think their children are best whatever happens.
Week 53
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 365
(Monday 15th March)
Protests Report:
Boris is proposing to limit the noise that can be made during protests. I must say that this comes as a great relief because whenever I ask ponffonby to do even the simplest thing you cannot believe the amount of noise produced in the resulting protest.
Normally it begins with a vociferous tirade on reasons why the simple task should not be completed followed by a further stream of invective as to why I just don't understand why the task cannot be completed and usually finally ends with a "you've never liked my mother!" 
For the sake of my eardrums I normally end up just fetching the stapler myself.
I have already asked the Boffins in Hut Q to develop a human volume switch than can be fitted into ponffonby's person so that as soon as the Boris set noise level is reached it switches off all sound.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 366
(Tuesday 16th March)
Anniversary Update:
It’s now a whole year since I was captured and imprisoned in the first Coronaditz camp. Although officially it's day 358 on the national Lockdown calendar I was actually captured the week before.
The talk during the first days was about tunnels and other methods of escape and that continued for some time but by the summer the enthusiasm for escape waned when we had the hope that we were all going to be released for good. While we spent some time during the summer in partial freedom it wasn't long before I was back here in Corona Camp II.
These days any escape tunnels that had been built have had to be filled in, not by the guards but by ourselves because we found that there were too many people trying to use them to break in. Homeschooling, furlough, Zoom meetings and no pubs led people to realise that life is better in our camp than outside and we have been repelling the hordes from the gates on a daily basis, otherwise we'd have been inundated weeks ago.
Boris is being urged to issue vaccine passports but I think he should also be considering issuing Corona Camp medals for all of us inmates who have maintained the high standards of military organisation and camaraderie in camp life for the past 12 months
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 367
(Wednesday 17th March)
St Patrick’s Day Celebrations:
When I stumbled out of bed this morning and made my way to the ablutions block to clean my teeth I was amazed when the water in the tap came out bright green. It appears that Lance Cpl. I. Didiliee (I .Tie) had climbed the water tower overnight and put green dye in it to celebrate St Patrick's Day.
Later on, I have been told that a number of events have been organised including shillelagh flinging, Blarney Stone kissing and an inter hut hurling competition. Obviously anyone Irish will not be taking part in these celebrations because the Corona Arms pub is already open and in danger of being drunk dry of the tanker of Guinness that has been delivered for the occasion.
On a more cerebral tack, the education block is running an all-day class on Irish name pronunciation. The course is being run by our adult educators Niamh, Eoin, Siobhan and Tagdh.
(Office conversation)
ponffonby: So where is Saoirse? Is she on leave of duty?
Carruthers Brown: Not exactly, she is teaching advanced classes at HQ, along with Aofie and Aoibheann.
ponffonby: Thank goodness there weren’t any classes on St David’s Day or we’d all be saying Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerchwyrndrobwllantysiliogoggoch!
Carruthers Brown: A chance would be a fine thing – life’s too short.
ponffonby: I’m thinking when the Ancient Britons were driven west by the invaders and settlers the Celtic and the Gaelic clans must have argued about who would have the vowels and who would have the consonants.
Carruthers Brown: Exactly ponffonby and let that be a lesson to everyone “In wars there are no winners.”
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 368
(Thursday 18th March)
Vaccine Update:
It's now 100 days since the first Covid jab was administered and 25 million others have subsequently followed. There is now news that there is going to be a shortage in supply because the EU doesn’t want us to receive exports of the Astra Zeneca jab produced in their countries, even though they don't want to use it themselves.
I understand that to keep the vaccine centres running Boris will be offering alternatives to the Astra Zeneca vaccine. This country therefore will have the best protected population against Cowpox, Distemper and Cat Flu in the world.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 369
(Friday 19th March)
BBC North News:
The BBC has announced that they are going to set up new television channels dedicated to the north of England. I for one can't wait to see ferret racing from Thirsk and the pigeon fancying sales price forecast index in the business news. No doubt the weather forecast map will not show anything south of Nottingham and the weather presenter will be wearing a flat cap.
It remains to be seen if East Enders will be dubbed or just subtitled. 'Woss goin on' will be subtitled as 'eh up whas thou do'int' and 'get aawt of moi puuub' will be 'you're nowt needed in t'pub, 'n tak yon whippet with 'un"
Perhaps the BBC will also be considering TV stations for other regions? East Anglia is crying out for its own version of 'Top Gear'- ‘Very Low Gear' would put various tractors through their paces and test drive the latest in ploughing accessories.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 370
(Saturday 20th March)
Resignation Update:
Members of the Camp management team are calling for my resignation. They say that I broke the Lieutenant Colonelial code by misleading them over when I knew that there was going to be a toilet roll shortage in the Camp last March.
I can only reiterate what I said at the enquiry, I did not know there was going to be a toilet roll shortage until I was sitting on the latrine and the last sheet fell off the roll and there were no other rolls under the knitted dolly on top of the cistern. Believe me this was a shocking moment not only for me but for everyone else in the latrine block as I shuffled around still partially disrobed looking for more rolls. If there had been even the barest hint that the supermarkets were going to sell out I would have immediately told the Quartermaster.
In my view we should get over the unpleasantness of last March and be grateful that we now have an abundance of toilet rolls, due almost entirely to my selfless dedication to stockpiling them. Everyone should be grateful that due to my leadership and resourcefulness we now have enough rolls to see us through to 2024 and rather than calling for my resignation should be praising my Lieutenant Coloneliaship.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 371
(Sunday 21st March)
Astra Zenica Update:
In an attempt to restore faith in the Astra Zenica vaccine France decided yesterday to enrol the assistance of a number of players from a top flight football team in Paris. The intention was that if the French public saw well known professional football players receiving the jab then they might consider having it themselves.
Unfortunately things didn't go the way the French health ministry planned. The problems started in the car park when the players coach wasn't allowed to park directly outside the vaccine centre entrance which led to a confrontation between the players and the car park official, leading to scuffles and two players receiving red cards.
Once inside the centre the most expensive French centre forward ever was selected to be the first to receive the injection, but when the nurse got to within a centimetre of inserting the needle into his arm he threw himself to the floor, rolled over three times clutching his face claiming a penalty.
All in all, the publicity stunt didn't achieve the desired outcome. The French people may have been sceptical of the Astra Zenica vaccine before, but now they are definitely against it.
Week 54
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 372
(Monday 22nd March)
Holiday Update:
The Camp travel agency has been doing a roaring trade this week booking foreign holidays for the inmates in advance of us all being released. The problem is that whilst vaccination goes on at a pace in the Camp the rest of the world seems to be moving at a much slower pace. It looks like most of Europe is entering a third wave whilst we are leaving the second and that is going to cause problems for foreign holidays, with everywhere except here on Lockdown with curfews and travel prohibitions.
Fortunately I have been busy on the international stage brokering deals with all the popular holiday destinations. Whenever one of our charter flights lands in a holiday hotspot I have arranged for them to leave the key under the mat so that we can get in. The only request made by these countries is that we lock up and turn off the lights when we leave.
One of the biggest bonuses of this scheme is that, because British tourists will be the only people travelling abroad and everyone else will be locked in, there won't be the usual complaint that everything was great apart from the whole place being full of foreigners.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 373
(Tuesday 23rd March)
Annual Report:
It was the 23rd March last year when Boris imposed the first national lockdown and one year and one week since I was captured and put in Coronaditz.
No one knew what was going to happen in March last year and I don't think any of us thought we would still be incarcerated a year later. For me personally I have been the Senior British Officer of 3 camps; Stalag Corona (Coronaditz), Stalag Corona 2 and Corona Camp '21 as well as being deployed on a secret mission somewhere north of the Arctic Circle at Christmas time.
Throughout my time in the Corona Camps it has been my greatest privilege to serve with the finest bunch of men in the British Forces and the greatest misfortune to also spend that year with Sub-Lieut ponffonby, probably the most difficult adjutant in the world.
A handful of men have managed to escape, notably Cpl. Winterburn whose gas fitting skills were sadly lacking and was on the wrong end of an explosion that cleared him right over the wire. There was also 2nd Lieut Gluestic of the Norwegian Arctic Force who managed to ski jump to freedom. There have of course been many other escape attempts, mostly by tunnel, but none of those have ever been successful.
When we are eventually released on VC Day (Victory over Corona Day) there is a lot of concern as to whether our old jobs will still be there. The newly announced Defence Review is going to reduce the Armed Forces considerably and many of the men will find themselves on Civvy Street. I am particularly worried because the Review is looking to introduce more digital methods of working and warfare which means there will be less need for paper clips and consequently less work for me in my normal day job supplying them.
I am however very hopeful that my undoubted substantial and heroic work in the Camps will warrant, at the very least, a life peerage and I will be able to take up my place in the House of Lords instead of returning to Catterick Barracks.
(Conversation in the Camp Office)
Carruthers Brown: I wonder what I should call myself? I think possibly Lord Carruthers Brown of Coronaditz sounds good. LCBC to my friends.
ponffonby: What you muttering about Elsie Beesee? Isn’t she the cleaner for Huts E and R?
Carruthers Brown: What???? I’m talking about Baronets.
ponffonby: I’ll get onto it straightaway. I’ll get Elsie to get out the barrow nets.
Carruthers Brown: OUT!!!
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 374
(Wednesday 24th March)
No Confidence Vote Update:
I have been heartened by the news that Nicola Sturgeon has survived a vote of no confidence in the Scottish Parliament. It makes me hopeful that I too can survive a vote against me, regarding when and what I first knew about the shortage of toilet rolls last March.
I do wonder however if Ms Sturgeon's success is due to the statuesque woman who is always seen walking along next to her as she enters the Scottish Chamber. Who is this Amazonian? Is she a political aide, a bodyguard or an enforcer? Given the recent good fortune that has favoured Ms Sturgeon; I suspect it is the latter. It is most likely that this giant of a woman is a product of the Glasgow tenements, skilled in the use of broken bottles and knuckle dusters.
As soon as I can I shall be booking a trip to Glasgow to see if I can enlist the help of a similar enforcer to aide my authority. I'm looking forward to ponffonby irritating me for one last time and all I'll need to do is nod to my enforcer and she will ensure that all my troubles are over.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 375
(Thursday 25th March)
European Update:
European countries are in total disarray: many are facing rising Covid cases and hospitals are bracing for a third wave of admissions; Germany has cancelled its latest plans to impose a further Lockdown in the face of concerted protests against it; and all European countries are struggling to roll out a comprehensive vaccination programme.
To counter this appalling set of affairs, and to punish those countries that are better organised than themselves, the European Commission has decided that it is going to restrict the export of vaccines to only those places that are in a worse situation than themselves such as those who have totally incompetent leadership, poor organisation and high levels of corruption.
On a positive note, I am pleased to inform you that the Camp is expecting a large delivery of vaccines in the next couple of days. I am told that they are currently in transit having been exported from Belgium and the Netherlands.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 376
(Friday 26th March)
Passports Update:
The thorny issue of vaccine passports is starting to rear its ugly head. There have been suggestions that if you want to visit the pub, theatre or cinema, for example, you will need to show a vaccine passport that confirms you have received the jab before you will be able to gain admittance.
I am left wondering how this will work because to get a picture for your passport you'd need to get one from one of those photo booths which are located in supermarkets. To enter a supermarket you need to wear a face mask and leave it on whilst you are inside. The picture therefore would be of you wearing a face mask, how is that going to help to identify you?
Will there be immigration control style booths outside every pub where you will have to queue at before being beckoned forward one at a time by a humourless automaton, only to be refused entrance because you accidentally put a coffee cup ring stain on the back page?
How is the High Street going to cope if outside every pub there is one of those long zig-zagging post and rope barriers for people to queue in whilst waiting to get through passport control? Will this end up impeding the normal flow of traffic?
I'm not sure this idea has been thoroughly thought through.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 377
(Saturday 27th March)
Freight Update:
I'd like to make it clear that it was a genuine misunderstanding that led to the unfortunate set of circumstances that transpired.
Last week I received a text from the local garden centre, Evergreen's, to say that they would be delivering, in the next couple of days, the compost I had ordered for our vegetable patch. Early on Tuesday morning I received a phone call, apparently from the delivery driver, but the quality of the line was very poor. He said "Evergreen here, not sure where exactly where you are but I've got a large delivery for you"
I explained that he needed to deliver to the main gate of the Corona Camp and asked where he was at the moment. At this point there was a lot of static on the line but it sounded like he said "I'm at Sue's at the moment heading North." Well I know where Sue lives and I realised that if he was heading North he was actually heading away from the Camp so I told him he needed to turn around if he was going to deliver to me next and gave him more detailed directions to find us.
Sometime later the delivery had still not arrived and I began to wonder what had happened to the lorry but just as I was about to phone the Garden Centre, the driver phoned me back saying "I might be some time, I was doing the three point turn like you suggested but now I've got completely wedged"
I was surprised that he was stuck because the road is really wide at Sue's house and said so to the driver to which he replied, in a very shouty way "I'm not at Sue's!!! I'm stuck in the Suez and there's a queue of ships building up behind me!!!!!"
Feeling that I might have been very slightly to blame for this accident, I immediately dispatched a small JCB and 2 men out to Egypt. I'm sure they will be able to sort things out so that world trade can recommence.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 378
(Sunday 28th March)
Party Political Update:
With an eye on what Alec Haddock is up to North of the border, starting his new Alba party, I think that now is the time to set up a new political party here as well.
As the inevitable end to our internment draws closer I think I should look to what I will do, when I'm released, and I think I'm obviously the best placed person to lead the newly set up All Bran party. I believe that there will be a groundswell of support, at grass roots level, backing a manifesto of policies promoting the rights of the more mature person.
The All Bran party will advocate: foreign holidays for the over 50's only; demand the re-opening of all public toilets; enforce the removal of all the silly booking requirements needed to visit the “Waste and Recycling Tip”; compulsory vaccine passports to enter pubs, restaurants, supermarkets, tea shops and any other retail establishments with immediate effect before anyone else gets the jab; and free taxis for all mature people on demand.
To ensure the continued success and exclusivity of the party the joining age will always be ponffonby's age +1
Please support the All Bran party at the upcoming local elections; I'm confident that we shall shortly be in charge at the majority of Town Halls across the country. Remember “A vote for All Bran is a vote against the rough edge of politics.”
Week 55
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 379
(Monday 29th March)
Demonstrations Update:
I've been concerned recently that the police have been criticised for
a). being over zealous in breaking up demonstrations in defiance of current Lockdown regulations
b). Not being zealous enough in breaking up demonstrations in defiance of current Lockdown regulations.
With this in mind I have issued guidance to our Camp military police so that they can be aware of which demonstrations they should turn a blind eye to, and those that should be stormed with no mercy. The guidance consists of an on the ground test that can be carried out by the senior officer and is simply a count of Costa Coffee cups on view.
If there is a high incidence of Costa Coffee cups being held by the participants of the demonstration, then no action should be taken, even if the safety of the demonstrators is at risk or serious criminal damage is being carried out. Typically demonstrations by climate change activists and women's rights marches will fall into this category.
If there is a low incidence of Costa Coffee cups being held by the participants of the demonstration then immediate action should be taken to break it up regardless of what they are doing. Typically demonstrations by the English Defence League or anti capitalist protests will fall into this category.
It may be necessary at protests, against new road or rail infrastructure, to segregate the crowd to allow Costa Coffee cup holders to continue whilst arresting the rest.
If time allows, further investigations into the newspaper reading habits of the participants can be carried out. If the majority of the demonstrators read the Guardian or Times they should be allowed to continue. Mirror and Sun readers should be arrested immediately and readers of the Daily Star should be directed to the nearest pub or chip shop.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 380
(Tuesday 30th March)
Entertainment Reviews:
I thought you might be interested in the latest from Sebastian Bingeworthy, TV critic for our Camp newspaper 'The Daily Bugle'
Keeping Faith, BBC One, Saturday.
This is the third series of the Welsh / English thriller which is broadcast in Welsh in Wales and English in the rest of the country simultaneously. A lot of the action is in long shot so that you can't see the actor’s mouths moving thereby saving time and money with only having to dub the words twice rather than re-shooting the whole scene. This is another show put on by the Welsh Speaker's Repertory Company; you will find the same 6 actors in all of these Welsh genre television series.
I'm not sure which version I was watching because I didn't understand what was going on, regardless of the language.
Line of Duty BBC One, Sunday
Talking of not understanding what is going on, this 6th series is just as baffling as the previous 5 what with all the jargon, but I still want to find out who in the OCG is a CHIS.
Unforgotten, BBC One, Monday
I've forgotten what I was going to say.
News at Ten, ITV, Every Night.
Whether it's Kylie Pantaloon or Julie Itchypants reading the news I'm amazed that there is exactly enough news each day to fill 30 minutes exactly.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 381
(Wednesday 31st March)
Demonstrations Update:
Further to my advice on policing demonstrations I note that my advice on how to deal with them has already been put into place. Yesterday there were further demonstrations in Bristol against the new Policing Bill but a number of people were spotted carrying Costa Coffee cups consequently the police took a hands off approach.
Elsewhere there have, however, been new developments; Winchester University have controversially spent £24,000 on a statue to Greta Thunberg, the young climate change activist, but this has upset the local Students Union, who is complaining that it was a waste of money. But worse than that, a group of balaclava wearing insurgents have pulled the statue down in the night. Reportedly the miscreants were oil industry executives who had flown into Winchester by private jets. It was unfortunate that the Police were left paralysed not knowing whether to intervene or not - because it was too dark to see if the participants in the attack were carrying Costa Coffee cups or not!
Flaws in the system have also been exposed by the independent Inspectorate of Constabularies who has exonerated the Metropolitan Police's handling of the Sarah Everad protest gathering. They used the vast amounts of video footage to ascertain a low Costa Coffee cup count meaning that action was needed. The inspectorate have privately admitted though that there was a high incidence of Starbucks and independent barista style coffee shop cups being used instead.
With this new development I think I may have to tweak my modestly named “Carruthers Brown Demonstrations Index” slightly to include other coffee vendors but obviously anyone who brings tea in a Thermos flask to a protest will still need to be arrested on sight.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 382
(Thursday 1st April)
Suez Canal Headline News:
I pleased to say that the two men I dispatched to Egypt, Sgt Spadeworthy and Cpl Digswell, have returned after a successful operation to shift the container ship that was blocking the Suez Canal.
They had originally tried to move it by pulling on ropes, but the ship was stuck fast, so they moved on to plan B, which involved the use of the JCB they had taken out with them. They started by digging out the bank on the West side to make the canal wider. But then they had to overcome the logistical problem of how to get the digger across the canal to the East bank. Fortunately the problem solving skills of Sgt. Spadeworthy, of the Royal Engineers, came to the fore when he suggested they used their blow up mattresses as flotation devices and that along with extra air in the tyres enabled the JCB to be rowed over to the other side.
Sadly digging out the bank on the other side still didn't give enough room to unblock the ship. So it was once again down to the ingenuity of Sgt Spadeworthy to come up with a solution. A phone around the local DIY shops and builder's merchants eventually bore fruit when Sgt Spadeworthy was able to requisition a giant sink plunger, with a couple of quick shoves and a giant squelch the ship came free and the blockage was cleared.
Cpl Digswell is already planning a new Dyno-Rod style plumbing business for after Lockdown with the advertising tag-line "We can unblock it, no matter the size!"
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 383
(Friday 2nd April)
Weather Update:
Yesterday I woke up thinking that the Camp thermostat had developed a fault. How is it possible for it to be like summer one day and be thrown back into winter the next? Just as I was thinking of donning my Speedos and sunbathing on the canteen roof I've had to put my Long John's back on instead and have had to prop the snow shovel back up next to the back door.
Is there nothing this pandemic can't upset? I'd of course like to blame ponffonby for this but...... no on second thoughts this is all ponffonby's fault. I have noticed that my adjutant does not always recycle the office waste responsibly, no wonder we are experiencing climate change.
When this pandemic is over I shall take my executive limo to my private jet so that it can fly me to the Caribbean where I will have the time to reflect seriously on people like ponffonby's wasteful lifestyle affecting climate change and congratulate myself on recycling nearly all of my plastic waste.
Prime Minister Update:
This weekend marks 300 years of the office of Prime Minister, Sir Robert Walpole being the first of 54 to occupy number 10 Downing Street. Each one of those Prime Ministers has been written down in history and their effectiveness judged by many in succeeding years.
How then is my tenure as Senior British Officer of the Corona Camps going to go down in history? I'm pretty certain that I will be judged to be a strong but fair, competent, level-headed, leader of men full of integrity and respect.
ponffonby just glanced over my shoulder to read my latest update and started laughing. I'd not thought of it before but yes, I'm glad I have also produced a Camp of happy inmates!
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 384
(Saturday 3rd April)
Vaccine Passport Update:
Well this is ridiculous; the whole camp has split itself into two opposing sides over my suggestion that we introduce vaccine passports to allow access to the NAAFI shop. The way some are reacting to this highly sensible policy you'd have thought that I was suggesting the killing of the firstborn or imposing the death penalty for parking on a yellow line.
The anti passporters are led, predictably, by the far right ponffonby, but supported by the far left Lieut. Leonard Trotsky (3rd cousin 4 times removed of Leon Trotsky). The anti passporters are arguing that the passports are divisive and discriminate against those people who choose not to have the vaccine and that everyone has the right to go to the NAAFI.
The pro passporters led by Capt. Bloggs, supported by those men who just want to get back to a normal life, argue that the whole point of the vaccine passport is exactly to discriminate against the people who refuse to have the jab for no good reason and that with rights also come responsibilities.
The anti passporters have now barricaded themselves in the NAFFI and are only allowing in those people who have signed up to their pledge “We the undersigned demand discriminatory vaccine passports are scrapped, everyone has equal access to the shop” Somehow the irony of discriminating against pro passporters has escaped ponffonby!
I suspect the only way around this is to make a woolly statement assuring everyone that vaccine passports are not compulsory whist ensuring that everywhere introduces them voluntarily and then nobody can blame me.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 385
(Sunday 4th April)
Traffic Light Update:
I hear that if you want to go abroad for a holiday this summer there will be a traffic light system regarding the rules of travel.
If I've got it right then if the country you are travelling to is Green then you can go there provided you test negative before and after. If the country is Amber you have to isolate for 10 days unless you get a negative test half way through and if it's Red you must isolate in a hotel regardless of a test result.
If you are driving and go through a Red country without stopping you will receive a £100 fine and get 3 points on your licence. If the Country is flashing amber then you have to give way to holidaymakers crossing the country. If the country is Green but you don't keep moving then you will be fined for obstruction. It will be acceptable to pass through an Amber country without slowing down if you buy a large air horn and blast it continually. If the colour of the traffic lights change whilst you are on holiday you will be able to choose a colour you like but must stick with it for the rest of your stay. 
If you are colour blind you will not be able to go on holiday unless accompanied by Michael Gove who will advise on the colour of the traffic light for that country.
I hope that helps?

Week 56

Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 386
(Monday 5th April)
Church Service Update:
I never thought it would cause this much bother. I had arranged a dawn Drumhead Church Service in the canteen to celebrate Easter and before I knew it we were surrounded by a crack police SWAT team. The police said that we were breaking Covid regulations by holding the service indoors and that the men were not socially distanced. They even said that some men were not wearing masks but have they ever tried taking communion without taking their masks off?
Our Chaplin, Rev. Piousnees, was particularly shocked when he was pounced on from behind the altar by seven burly balaclava clad policemen, whilst the rest of the congregation were fixed in place with laser dots on their chests from the multiple marksmen’s rifles.
I thought that the standard operating procedures for this type of Military Church Parade would have prevented this type of unexpected attack but the lookouts posted around the canteen were overwhelmed by the size of the police force deployed against them.

It is most unfortunate that the raid was timed for the communion, if they had turned up just a few minutes later it would have been during the after service coffee time. We had a takeaway delivery due from Costa Coffee and we would have all been standing around holding their cups, therefore we would have been left alone
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 387
(Tuesday 6th April)
Unlocking Update:
Boris has confirmed that hairdressers and outdoor hospitality can re-open from next Monday. This is really good news for the Camp because at the moment security is a nightmare with nobody looking remotely like their photos on their security passes. Only yesterday Sgt. Hirsute was denied entry into his Hut when the door guard didn't believe that his long curly locked looks bore any resemblance to his buzz cut image hung around his neck.
There will of course be some downsides to outdoor hospitality opening. At the moment keeping two metres apart is easy outside just to keep out of the way of the flapping loose hair of the men. Next Monday everyone will be getting a regulation short back and sides and it will therefore encourage them to sit closer together. On the plus side men will be able to find the pub garden without having to fumble around behind obscuring fringes.
I myself will be looking forward to having the grey in my hair tinted back out to its lustrous dark colour. A concoction of Rum and Guinness has always done the job for me so I'm really looking forward to getting to the pub.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 388
(Wednesday 7th April)
Bandwagon Update:
With many MPs jumping on the bandwagon saying that Covid Passports are divisive and discriminatory (despite overwhelming support for the passports from the public) and many expressing concern over the safety of the Astra Zenica vaccine, I thought it would be wise to reassess our Camp policies and procedures.
In future no qualifications will need to be shown to secure a job because that would be discriminatory and divisive against those people who have not taken any exams or qualifications. Private Blenkinsop is to be the first beneficiary of this new policy and despite being only 17 and never having sat a GCSE he will be serving in our infirmary as our resident brain surgeon. I think even Ms. Moonbeam would be proud of our non discriminatory policy.
I have also looked at our risk assessments and have decided that in future our electrical engineers should not turn off high voltage circuits before working on them because 7 people out of 18 million have experienced sprained wrists when turning the electrical switches off. Electricians of course should be mindful of the danger of working with high voltage electricity but the danger of wrist sprains should be seen as a far greater risk than fairly certain electrocution.
I think that the rebel MPs would be proud of my policies safe in the knowledge that as policy makers rather than policy takers we will never have to experience the consequences of our actions.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 389
(Thursday 8th April)
Rare Clot Update:
Yesterday the news was all about the changing guidance on the Astra Zenica vaccine which now says that there is a risk of rare blood clots when receiving the jab, particularly in the younger age groups.
Bearing this in mind I believe that it is important to change the guidance for anybody joining the Corona Camp. I will now have to make it clear that everyone in the Camp is a risk from the rare clot, ponffonby. Never in the field of human conflict has so much been messed up by just one adjutant so often.
If it wasn't the fact that ponffonby is General Sir Hastings Agincourt Spencer-Stanhope’s relative I'm sure I would have fired the Adjutant weeks ago, preferably from a large field gun. As it is this thorn in my side is set to continue causing mayhem in my administration, holding back my dynamic and heroic leadership. 
I just hope my struggle to continue running the Camp despite ponffonby will gain me a mention in dispatches for heroic administration in the face of gormless Sub Lieutenants.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 390
(Friday 9th April)
Immunity Update:
Apparently by Monday we will have achieved herd immunity. This really is good news for the Camp because there is a field of really unruly cows that live in the field next door and we would all love to be immune from this herd.
There is one cow in particular, by the name of Ermintrude, who sticks her hoof through the wire and bangs on the back of Hut F in the middle of the night, moos really really loudly then runs away. What started as a mildly amusing prank has turned the inmates of Hut F into irritable, short tempered, sleep deprived automatons. If they don't get immunity soon I suspect that Ermintrude will end up as Sunday lunch in no time at all.
Local Election Update:
It was my understanding that the May English local elections were to vote for local Councillors to the local District or County Councils. Watching the various political party election broadcasts on the television I can't help feeling that the various leaders don't know this. If local councils can change the NHS pay settlement or how the economy fairs after the pandemic then I think I shall put up councillors for the local election so that we can be the first County to put a man on Mars.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 391
(Saturday 10th April)
Unanswerable Questions Update:
Last night I couldn't sleep and as I lay in bed tossing and turning my mind turned to life's unanswerable questions.
For example:
1. When dog food is new and improved tasting, who tests it?
2. Do fish ever get thirsty?
3. Can you get cornered in a round room?
4. Why don't birds fall out of trees when they sleep?
5. If corn oil is made of corn… and vegetable oil is made of vegetable, then what is baby oil made of?
6. What should one call a male ladybird?
7. If a person suffered from amnesia, and then was cured would they remember they forgot?
8. Why is it called a building when it is already built?
9. Why is it called a TV set when there’s only one?
10. Why do most cars have speedometers that go up to at least 130 when you can't legally drive that fast?
If anyone knows the answers please let me know and then I might be able to sleep better tonight.
Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 392
(Sunday 11th April)
Traffic Light Update:
There is a lot of excitement in the Camp today. Overnight a set of traffic lights have been set up just outside the gates and a large roadmap on a signpost has been erected next to them. The roadmap has got a large arrow on it saying 'You Are Here' and then another arrow pointing to 'End of Lockdown'
The men believe that as soon as Boris changes the lights from red to green then we will all be released from the Corona Camp. Some of them are already packing their kit bags in anticipation and limbering up for a fast get away. I'm not holding my breath though; Boris has told us we are free to go before, only to lock us up again in one Camp or another.
Just to be on the safe side however, I think I'll dig out my National Express coach timetable to see what times coaches to Catterick leave. When the time comes, if I pretend I'm walking to one bus stop and then quickly cross the road to the other one then I might be lucky and give ponffonby the slip.
Week 57

Stalag Corona Camp ‘21 Day 393
(Monday 12th April)
Release Update:
When I woke up this morning it was eerily quiet. I stuck my head out of my Hut and found the Camp deserted! Overnight the traffic lights by the gate turned green and the men had obviously poured out of the Camp. I'm not sure why no one thought to wake me and let me know what was going on. As far as I can ascertain the only other person left in the Camp is ponffonby, I could hear the snores even from the gate!
I was just checking the coach times again in my National Express timetable when the phone rang.
General: Major General Sir Hastings Agincourt Spencer-Stanhope here
Carruthers Brown: Oh hello sir you've only just caught me I was just heading back to my home barracks.
General: That's just why I was phoning. I was speaking to Boris earlier and he said he didn't realise how bad things were until he heard about you and your work at the Corona Camp! He's got a special assignment for you.
Carruthers Brown: Well thank you sir, I think. What do you want me to do?
General: You know that chappie who went down South of the Falklands to South Georgia to encourage diversity in the penguin population? Mr Sunshine or something?
Carruthers Brown: Do you mean Ms Moonbeam?
General: That's the fella! Well she is doing sterling work with the penguins, they are all so diverse and equality conscious now that they are even looking the same. Can't stand the blasted things myself, I think I ate too many when I was down there during the Falklands War, anyway the thing is she's got her paperclips in a bit of a twist and we need you to go down there and sort them out. You'll need to go straight away because the winter is approaching fast down there and I want you in before the ice builds up too much.
Carruthers Brown: Well sir I was looking forward to the summer here but if you are ordering me down to the South Atlantic I suppose I must do my duty. At least I'd be getting away from ponffonby for a while.
General: Oh yes, thanks for reminding me that was the other thing; I want you to take ponffonby with you. Nothing like spending three weeks steaming down there in a battleship, in rough seas, cramped up together in a tiny cabin, to forge a lasting friendship!
Carruthers Brown: Very well sir, I suppose I can’t go against a direct order but if I don't make it please ensure my daily updates are published for prosperity.
So there we are then, I'm going to be sailing off into the sunset. I won't say goodbye though I'm sure we will meet again so it's just auf wiedersehen from Stalag Corona
Appendix
The Real News Headlines
Stalag Corona inhabited a strange world that had one foot in reality and the other in a ridiculous fantasy! When I wrote these diary entries for my family it was just my way of explaining the world in which we found ourselves in at the time. Unlike writing a novel I had no idea where the story was going to go, it was driven purely by my observations of what was going on in the world that day and how I was reacting to it. In fact nobody knew what was going to happen next, it was just like being in a war, not knowing which side was going to win and when it would end and that is why I used this prisoner of war scenario.
Each day I wrote a new entry and what I had heard or read that day on the news often influenced what I would write. There would always be something in the news that my mind would create a simple tagline to the headline that would amuse me and I would create a post about that. 
If I had written the posts in hindsight they certainly wouldn't have taken the route they did because the immediacy would have been taken away. For example, when I’m on holiday I like to keep an electronic diary of our adventures consisting of words and pictures but it has to be written that day otherwise it loses how I’m feeling at that moment. If we have been stuck in our campervan by two days of solid rain I record my thoughts as to how long it may be before my wife starts to think I’d be tasty in a stew or how many days it will take for the first symptoms of scurvy to manifest themselves. If I wrote the journal in hindsight it would only be about the sunny days not what it was really like. When I take a holiday snap it is the reality of what I’m seeing at that time, not the idealised brochure picture. If the horse in the foreground turns its back on me, raises its tail and does a poo just at the moment I take the picture then that is the reality!
With the tinted spectacles of hindsight it easy to let that tint modify our view of the whole pandemic so I thought it would be useful to record the headlines as they happened through the various lockdowns to remind ourselves what the world was saying at the time. 
Looking back at the headlines (collated from the excellent wincalendar.com website) I think we can see that the “Experts” had about as much clue as the rest of us! You will also be able to see from the headlines that, particularly in the second half of 2020, Donald Trump couldn’t be any more in a fantasy land than Lieut Col Carruthers Brown and provided the ammunition for ponffonby to be the perfect antagonist. (Incidentally you’ve probably assumed the gender of ponffonby but go back and check, not once have I attributed gender to ponffonby!)
Meanwhile In a world far, far away from Stalag Corona this is what was really going on…...
Week 1. 16th March- 22nd March 2020
PM says everyone should avoid office, pubs and travelling
Pregnant women now part of most 'at risk' group says Boris Johnson
Fox anchor who dismissed coronavirus fears as plot to impeach Trump is removed from her prime-time slot
EU to suspend all non-essential foreign arrivals to halt pandemic spread
Germany to close borders
Amazon suspends all warehouse shipments except medical supplies and ‘high-demand’ products
Video emerges showing Trump talking about cutting pandemic team in 2018, despite saying last week 'I didn't know about it'
Eurovision Song Contest cancelled for 2020
Schools in Wales all closing by Friday
Glastonbury 2020: Festival cancelled due to coronavirus
Chinese province of Wuhan reports NO new coronavirus cases
Italy sees 475 deaths, the highest one-day toll
Weddings are cut to just FIVE people during coronavirus outbreak
More than 2,600 medical workers have been infected with coronavirus in Italy
English football suspension extended until at least 30 April
 UK schools, colleges and nurseries to close from Friday
UK pubs and restaurants told to shut in virus fight
Nurse’s tearful plea after ending 48-hour shift to find supermarket shelves stripped empty amid coronavirus panic-buying
Wales: 'Schools may not open until September'
 Government to pay up to 80% of workers' wages
Social distancing may need to go on for almost 12 months, UK’s scientific advice says
Diarrhoea and loss of appetite could be early signs of coronavirus
Further 793 people die of coronavirus in Italy in the past 24 hours
UK weather forecast - 10 day mini heatwave to hit Britain just as entire nation goes into lockdown
Germany bans gatherings of more than two people
All McDonald's restaurants in UK to close by tomorrow
Brits ignore advice as they pack out parks, beaches and Sunday markets
Rough sleepers in London given hotel rooms
Week 2. 23rd March - 29th March
UK could enforce Italy-style lockdown if people fail to stay at home, minister suggests
Boris Johnson 'faces Cabinet revolt' unless he imposes coronavirus lockdown
Flights from Italy, Iran and China still landing in Britain
'Unprecedented' crowds in Wales despite warnings
Boris Johnson imposes nationwide lockdown
People Are Joining Huge Queues To Get A McDonald's Before They Close
Teens held for 'coughing in face' of elderly couple
Prince Charles tests positive but 'remains in good health'
Coronavirus may have infected half of UK population — Oxford study
US coronavirus: Scientists say eventual vaccine could provide years of protection
Wetherspoons refuses to pay its entire workforce - leaving 40,000 people without cash
Patients treated with massive doses of Vitamin C
Boris Johnson 'will give self-employed workers 80 per cent of their income'
Coronavirus test: UK to make 15-minute at-home kits available 'within days'
Worst of coronavirus crisis may be over by Easter – as top doc says NHS can cope IF we all do our bit
Prime Minister Boris Johnson tests positive
US overtakes China with most cases
UK: SIX-MONTH lockdown might stop 'second wave'
Up to 14 per cent of the recovered coronavirus patients in China test positive AGAIN, doctors reveal
Clap for our Carers: UK erupts in applause for NHS workers handling coronavirus crisis
Italy coronavirus deaths rise by 919, highest daily.
Coronavirus deaths in UK soar past 1,000 after 260 more people die
Overwhelmed Paramedic Breaks Down In Tears As Entire Street Claps Her On Way To Work
False belief that drinking methanol protects from coronavirus kills 300 people in Iran
Number of UK deaths rises above 1,000
Britain must stay locked down until JUNE says leading adviser
Supermarkets are struggling to keep up with home deliveries
Week 3. 30th March - 5th April
Six months before UK 'returns to normal' - deputy chief medical officer
Prince Charles Has Recovered From Coronavirus
Punters defy social distancing rules as they pack out Strathclyde Country Park
Nobel Prize-winning scientist claims coronavirus outbreaks in New York and Italy are finally SLOWING
Nightingale Hospitals are being set up
Engineering firms start making ventilators
NHS doctors ‘gagged’ over protective equipment shortages
Coronavirus is slowing down in UK thanks to social distancing rules
Coronavirus US: Dead bodies are loaded onto truck with forklift
Italy's daily coronavirus infections falls to 4,050
UK: Staff shortages could mean power blackouts
First doctor dies from Covid-19 after returning from retirement to NHS
Only one period of outdoor exercise allowed in any 24hr period
Potential vaccine generates enough antibodies to fight off virus, first peer-reviewed study suggests
UK Death toll hits with 2,352 with 563 new deaths
Wimbledon cancelled due to coronavirus - where does that leave tennis in 2020?
Deer take over East London streets left deserted by coronavirus lockdown
Coronavirus VACCINE could be approved for human trials 'within months'
ITV and BBC will pause at 8pm tonight for Clap for our Carers as the nation praises the NHS
Healthy' NHS nurse, 36, dies of coronavirus after treating patients on the frontline
Theories linking coronavirus to 5G are baseless,...
Trudeau threatens retaliation after Trump keeps shipment of masks intended for Canadian doctors
South London park shuts indefinitely after 3,000 people visit
Coronavirus UK: Another 621 dead as death toll reaches 4,934
Lockdown restrictions could be relaxed by May if public obey social distancing rules, says government adviser
PM admitted to hospital over virus symptoms
Coronavirus UK: Another 621 dead as death toll reaches 4,934
Lockdown restrictions could be relaxed by May if public obey social distancing rules, says government adviser
PM admitted to hospital over virus symptoms
Coronavirus UK: Another 621 dead as death toll reaches 4,934
Lockdown restrictions could be relaxed by May if public obey social distancing rules, says government adviser
PM admitted to hospital over virus symptoms
Week 4. 6thApril - 12th April
Queen tells UK 'we will succeed' in fight
Boris Johnson moved to intensive care as symptoms worsen
Top cop says Australians shouldn't be driving amid coronavirus lockdown
Various politicians are caught breaking lockdown rules
No chance of UK lockdown being lifted after three weeks, government admits
Raab 'confident' prime minister will recover from illness
US hits new record for highest number of coronavirus deaths in a DAY with 1,890 fatalities
Boris Johnson 'improving' as intensive care treatment continues
More than 330,000 people have RECOVERED from coronavirus around the world
UK death toll in hospitals alone rises by 938 in one day
Nurses in bin bags due to PPE shortage 'test positive for coronavirus'
Boris Johnson out of intensive care but remains in hospital
New York using mass graves amid outbreak
Greater Manchester Police warning after 660 parties shut down
Brits ignore lockdown measures to buy ice cream and sit on beach in Good Friday sunshine
Hero teacher walks five miles a day to deliver packed lunches to disadvantaged kids during coronavirus lockdown
US becomes first country to mark 2,000 deaths in 24 hours
Doctors' lives at risk over PPE shortages, says BMA
Police and military boats to patrol south coast beaches after Brits flouted rules in 24C heat
Trump says ‘germ is so brilliant antibiotics can’t keep up with it’ in chaotic White House coronavirus meeting
Wuhan lab was performing experiments on bats from coronavirus caves
Easter Sunday sunbathers ignore coronavirus lockdown measures
Week 5. 13th April - 19th April
Boris Johnson says 'it could have gone either way'
Captain Tom Moore raises more than £1.2million for the NHS amidst coronavirus pandemic
Woman, 93, Gets 150 Cans Of Beer Delivered To Her Door After Holding Up 'I Need Beer' Sign
Anger as Michael Gove got daughter tested while NHS staff still wait
Trump stops World Health Organization funding
Tom Moore justgiving fundraiser reaches £6 million for NHS
Captain Tom Moore raises more than £9m for NHS
Trump threatens to adjourn both chambers of congress – something no president has ever done
Oxford University to begin tests of its coronavirus vaccine on humans NEXT WEEK
Doctor says coronavirus could be spreading through farts
A Petition Has Started To Knight Captain Tom Moore After Raising Millions For NHS
UK coronavirus lockdown will continue for 'at least' 3 weeks until 5 key targets are hit to avoid devastating 2nd peak
Two-thirds of Americans believe that Trump was too slow to respond to the coronavirus crisis
Captain Tom Moore raises £20 million for the NHS.
Flights still bringing 15,000 people a DAY into UK without virus testing including travellers from China, Italy & the US
Trump tells Dem governors to 'LIBERATE' Michigan, Virginia and Minnesota
Germany says its outbreak is 'under control'
Spitfire Flypast Planned For Captain Tom Moore’s 100th Birthday
Pubs ‘will reopen LAST’ in phased exit from coronavirus lockdown and restrictions on outdoor spaces will lift first
Experts say death toll will be 12 PERCENT lower than expected
Week 6. 20th April - 26th April
Pubs across UK 'won't re-open until Christmas'
Australia has ZERO new coronavirus cases in Adelaide, Perth, Canberra on weekend: calls for easing
Hundreds enter Heathrow from virus hotspots
Richard Branson warns Virgin Atlantic will collapse without Government support as he defends himself over bailout backlash
UK 'throwing everything' at developing vaccine
Social distancing could last until end of year unless vaccine found, chief medical officer suggests
Russia reports 5,642 new coronavirus cases and record 51 deaths
China puts a city of 10 million 'on lockdown' after detecting new outbreak
Lockdown measures could be in place until 2021 until vaccine or drug cure is found, Chris Whitty admits
Captain Tom Moore given surprise Pride of Britain award in emotional live TV moment
How the internet reacted to Trump saying bleach and UV light could stop illness
Lysol urges people not to inject disinfectants to treat COVID-19
Hairdressers ‘will not reopen for 6 more months due to coronavirus’ as there’s no safe way
Coronavirus dies in SUNLIGHT in just minutes, reveals 'striking' study
McDonald's 'to reopen in mid-May for drive-thru and delivery' according to reports
Captain Tom Moore breaks the world record for the oldest person to have a No.1 single
Boris Johnson returning to Downing Street on Monday and is 'raring to go'
UK coronavirus death toll rises by 368 in lowest daily rise since March
Conspiracy theorists blame 5G masts on virus
Week 7. 27th April - 3rd May
UK: Death toll hits 20,735 with 350 new fatalities
Nurse who fought for life with Boris Johnson in coronavirus intensive care dies
Britain will hold one minute's silence at 11am Tuesday for healthcare workers who have died
Captain Tom Moore sent 125,000 birthday cards for his 100th
Trump says the US will bill China a 'substantial' amount of money for coronavirus damage
Boris Johnson's fiancee Carrie Symonds gives birth to baby boy
More Americans killed by COVID-19 in three months than in the entire Vietnam War
New antibody test with 99 per cent accuracy approved for use across Europe
Lockdown exit and back to school strategy to be published next week
Boris Johnson is set to dash hopes of an early end to coronavirus curbs
Captain Tom Moore cheers as he watches 100th birthday flypast after raising £30m for NHS and being promoted to Colonel
AstraZeneca strikes deal with Oxford University to mass produce experimental COVID-19 vaccine
China refuses to let WHO investigate truth behind the origin of coronavirus outbreak
McDonald’s to reopen 15 stores for delivery only from May 13
Target reached as UK tests pass 100,000 a day
Protesters in London take part in group hug in defiance of coronavirus lockdown outside Met Police headquarters
Week 8. 4th May - 10th May
Discovery of antibody to stop human cell infection
Mike Pompeo says there was 'enormous evidence' coronavirus originated in Wuhan lab
Italians visit relatives for the first time in nine weeks
UK now has highest coronavirus death toll in Europe
Covidiot explains she has cut a hole in her face mask because it 'makes it easier to breathe' 
Exclusive: Government scientist Neil Ferguson resigns after breaking lockdown rules to meet his married lover
Coronavirus whistleblower says Trump administration ignored warnings and drug dangers before he was removed
Trump undermines coronavirus nurse after she complained about 'sporadic' PPE
UK coronavirus deaths pass 30,000 in grim milestone
Nicola Sturgeon formally extends lockdown in Scotland for another three weeks
Italian researchers claim vaccine neutralises it
Police 'fighting losing battle' over lockdown as 'hundreds' gather for picnics in east London sunshine
Boris Johnson Issues Update On Six Coronavirus Rules Ahead Of Lockdown Speech
Unlimited' exercise encouraged and sunbathing allowed as lockdown eased
Week 9. 11th May - 17th May
Primark 'prepares to reopen as senior staff start going back to work'
Pubs, restaurants and hairdressers will not open until July 4 at ‘the earliest’, says Dominic Raab
Coronavirus CAN enter the body through the eyes
Parents WON’T be fined for not sending their kids into school when they reopen
Tubes packed with commuters day after Boris tells people to go back to work
Matt Hancock refuses to accept public are confused over government coronavirus messaging
Opening schools and educational settings to more pupils from 1 June: guidance for parents and carers
Foreign summer holidays will be cancelled this year, Matt Hancock reveals
Mouthwash could prevent transmission, report says
Reopened Texas sees a surge in new COVID-19 cases
Football in England: Government 'opens door for safe return in June'
Headteacher tells parents 'I'd rather your children retake a year than die'
Liverpool children will not go back to school on June 1
Iceland To Become First European Country To Relaunch Tourism Following Coronavirus Lockdown
Italy to reopen borders to EU tourists ‘without 14-day quarantine’ from 3 June
Arrests Made After Group Gathers In Hyde Park For Anti-Lockdown Protest
Barack Obama tears into Trump saying pandemic has shown president 'doesn't know what he's doing'
Week 10. 18th May - 24th May
Eric Trump says coronavirus will ‘magically go away’ after election, suggesting disease is a Democrat ploy
China tightens lockdown measures on north-eastern cities
Colonel Tom Moore is knighted by the Queen in incredible new honour for NHS hero
Schools in Bury will not reopen on June 1 because of high levels of Covid-19 and 'unclear' guidance, council bosses say
Trump says it's 'badge of honour' for US to lead world in coronavirus cases
Cameroon pastor who 'healed coronavirus sufferers by laying his hands on them' dies from Covid-19
Trump to lose 2020 election in a landslide defeat, model predicts
Thousands Flock To UK Beaches To Soak Up The Sun
Tens of thousands of coronavirus tests have been double-counted, officials admit
Dominic Cummings investigated by police after breaking coronavirus lockdown rules
No 10 breaks silence to defend Dominic Cummings' 250-mile trip during lockdown
Another 180 people die of coronavirus in hospitals across the UK
Spain tells Brits to start planning holidays as country opens to foreigners in July
Dominic Cummings ignored coronavirus lockdown rules for SECOND time to visit parents
Boris: Cummings behaved 'responsibly, legally and with integrity'
Trump falsely claims 'thousands' of forgeries on mail-in ballots, despite his own commission not finding a single case of fraud
Week 11. 25th May - 31st May
If Dominic Cummings is not sacked, Boris Johnson’s government will lose all remaining credibility
Coronavirus UK: Outdoor markets and car showrooms to open from June 1
UK hospital closes A&E and no longer accepting new patients due to high number of coronavirus cases
Dominic Cummings says 'I do not regret what I did' and has not offered to resign
ALL shops including stores selling clothes, toys and furniture to reopen by June 15, Boris Johnson reveals
BBQs and garden parties for ‘bubbles’ of friends and family ‘could be allowed from end of June’
Twitter will not remove Trump's 'horrifying lies'
New Zealand has NO coronavirus patients in hospital
Premier League to restart on 17 June with Man City v Arsenal and Villa v Sheff Utd
Trump threatens to close down social media platforms which ‘silence conservative voices’ after Twitter posts warning under his tweet
Boris Johnson says up to six people will be allowed to meet outside from Monday
Cummings 'might have broken lockdown rules' - police
Deaf mother designs face masks with plastic window over the mouth to allow lip reading
Trump 'terminates relationship' with the World Health Organization
More than 1 million people sign petition demanding Dominic Cummings is sacked
Trump demands Republican convention ‘with no masks or social distancing’ despite coronavirus pandemic
Packed UK beach evacuated after three hurt jumping off cliffs into water
Black Lives Matter protesters take to the streets of London
Sex in your house with a person from another household illegal from today
Loch Lomond residents' coronavirus fears as huge crowds flock to beauty spots
Week 12. 1st June - 7th June
69 hospital trusts in England report no deaths in 48 hours
Spain reports ZERO coronavirus deaths in 24 hours
Seven members of staff at same school test positive for coronavirus
Trump's church visit shocks religious leaders
Schools to reopen in Wales on 29 June
Jurassic Coast beach crowds 'showed shocking disregard for area'
Ibuprofen tested as a treatment
Face coverings to be mandatory on public transport
White House likens Trump to Churchill in WW2
R' infection number now above 1 in the North West
UK records more than 40,000 deaths
Scotland and Northern Ireland both record NO new coronavirus deaths in 24 hours
Week 13 8th June - 14th June
Statue of slave trader Edward Colston pulled down and thrown into harbour by Bristol protesters 
New Zealand ERADICATES coronavirus COVID-19: Jacinda Ardern says there are ZERO active cases 
UK daily deaths drop to pre-lockdown level
Boris Johnson 'earmarks June 22 to allow pubs and restaurants to reopen'
Amputee schoolboy Tony Hudgell raises £222,000 for NHS
Zoos and safari parks set to reopen from 15 June - PM
Boris lifts sex ban and says couples who live alone and apart can spend night together
Queen and Prince Philip are photographed at Windsor Castle to mark the Duke's 99th birthday
Week 14 15th June - 21st June
Primark shoppers queue overnight in Birmingham as world's biggest store re-opens
Marcus Rashford calls for government free school meals U-turn
Dexamethasone proves first life-saving drug
Beijing shuts all schools and goes to 'alert level two' to tackle new coronavirus outbreak
Trump dismisses uptick in US coronavirus cases and suggests a 'stop' to testing
Republican Party official say they expect Donald Trump to win by a LANDSLIDE
Major outbreak hits meat factory in Wales
Matt Hancock's social distancing slip-up caught on camera
Dexamethasone being used to treat NHS patients today
Holidays in Wales can start from July 6 as border reopens to tourism
UK citizens can travel to Spain without facing quarantine from Sunday
UK citizens can travel to Spain without facing quarantine from Sunday
Week 15 22nd June - 28th June
Shielding advice to stop in England on 1 August
Lockdown to be relaxed in England as 2m rule eased
Trump says 2020 presidential election will be 'rigged by foreign countries' as he slumps further in polls
Lockdown lifted? Boris Johnson says pubs and restaurants can reopen on July 4
Scotland records no coronavirus deaths for sixth day in a row
Lockdown to be relaxed in England as 2m rule eased
Donald Trump calls coronavirus 'kung flu' AGAIN despite outrage
UK must prepare for second virus wave
Panic buying of toilet paper in COVID-19 hot spots takes off again
US hits record high in daily cases
PM warns over virus rules after beach crowds
Matt Hancock threatens to close beaches after 500,000 flock to Dorset
Leicester set to become UK’s first local lockdown
Week 16 29th June - 5th July
China locks down 400,000 people after virus spike
Lockdown MAPPED: Coronavirus on rise in 36 areas
Primark shoppers in Glasgow queue for hours in pouring rain as shops open for first time since lockdown
US buys nearly all of Gilead's Covid-19 drug remdesivir
Immunity may be more widespread than tests suggest
UK firms slash more than 12,000 jobs in two days
England's quarantine scrapped for arrivals from 50 'low risk' countries
Gyms should be able to reopen 'in a couple of weeks'
(COVID-19): travel corridors
Trump has a plan to stay in the White House if he loses election, former senator says
Catalonian regional government orders ‘indefinite’ lockdown of Spain’s Segria region due to Covid-19
Thousands of drinkers swarm streets as pubs reopen on ‘Super Saturday’
Week 17 6th July - 12 July
Kate Garraway's husband has opened his eyes after three months in a coma following coronavirus battle
Wales has no coronavirus deaths reported in a single day for first time since before lockdown
'Crystal clear' drunk people will not socially distance
Brazil's President Bolsonaro tests positive
Boris Johnson blames care home owners for deaths from coronavirus
First pubs close after customers test positive for coronavirus - just two days after reopening
Boris hints at making people wear masks in shops saying 'we have to be stricter' as he's seen wearing one for 1st time
Bus Driver Dies After Passengers Attacked Him When Being Told To Wear Masks
Conspiracy theorist died Covid after trying to catch it to prove hoax
Donald Trump finally wears mask in public
30-Year-Old Coronavirus Hoax Theorist Who Attended 'Covid Party' Dies Of Covid-19
Week 18 13th July - 19th July
Hopes build over UK Covid vaccine as Oxford drug trials work
Captain Tom becomes Sir Tom Moore after receiving knighthood from the Queen
Hundreds descend on Hyde Park to protest against wearing face masks ahead of new rules
Week 19 20th July - 26th July
Oxford vaccine triggers immune response
Protein treatment trial 'a breakthrough'
British tourists to Spain 'will have to quarantine for two weeks on return to UK'
We could have done things differently, says PM
Week 20 27th July - 2nd August
Hydroxychloroquine: Trump-backed coronavirus 'cure' video pulled
Trump defends doctor who claimed medicine is made from alien DNA and walks out of briefing mid question
Doctors gather in DC to expose the reality of Covid-19
Boris Johnson 'fears UK second wave of coronavirus will hit within two weeks'
Trump calls for delay to 2020 US election
Lockdown tightened in parts of northern England
Russia Could Approve World's First Covid-19 Vaccine In Two Weeks
PM 'may postpone' lockdown easing in England
Pubs 'may need to shut' to allow schools to reopen
Over 50s could face stay at home order in 'nuclear plans' drawn up by Boris Johnson
Thousands protest in Germany against restrictions
Hundreds of protesters aiming to 'lock down' Brixton march down London streets
Week 21 3rd August - 9th August
New 90-minute tests for Covid-19 and flu 'hugely beneficial'
China news: COVID-19 'created in military lab' not wet market says scientist who fled
Pubs & restaurants to shut in Aberdeen from 5pm TONIGHT after dozens of fresh coronavirus cases in bars
Seven year old dies of coronavirus in Georgia, a day after Trump said children are ‘almost immune’
Thousands of Covid-19 deaths 'to be wiped off the government's official toll' after counting fiasco
Couple who claim they saw Dominic Cummings on second lockdown trip complain to police watchdog
Belgium, Andorra, and Bahamas added to UK quarantine list
New Zealand goes 100 days without ANY community transmission of coronavirus
UK 'heading back into lockdown next month', says government's ex-chief scientist
Week 22 10th August - 16th August
Nearly 100,000 children test positive for coronavirus in past two weeks
Brazil passes 100,000 deaths as outbreak shows no sign of easing
Putin says vaccine has been approved for use
UK officially in recession for first time in 11 years
France to be added to UK quarantine countries
Week 23 17th August - 23rd August
GCSEs and A-level exams: Estimated results to be used for Welsh grades
GCSEs: NI results to be based on teacher predictions
A-levels and GCSEs: U-turn as teacher estimates to be used for exam results
Portugal added to UK exemption list as Croatia is removed
Week 24 24th August - 30th August
Toby Carvery and Harvester to extend Eat out to Help Out deal for TWO extra weeks
Thousands of anti-maskers who believe pandemic is a HOAX march against lockdown in London
Week 25 31st August - 6th September
UK plans to slash foreign aid to plug black hole caused by coronavirus
US passes six million Covid-19 cases
Robert Pattinson 'tests POSITIVE for COVID-19 forcing The Batman to halt filming'
Week 26 7th September - 13th September
Social gatherings above six banned in England from 14 September
Whole of UK could be hit by 10pm curfew in bid to avoid second wave
Week 27 14th September - 20th September
Local lockdown measures set to come into force across North East
Twitter suspends Chinese virologist who claims COVID-19 was lab-made
Second wave of coronavirus is 'coming in', Boris Johnson admits
Boris Johnson under pressure to impose national restrictions
Week 28 21st September - 27th September
Covid-19: UK faces 50,000 cases a day by October without action
UK ARMY to support police enforcing new restrictions
Shoppers fill trolleys packed with toilet roll as supermarkets urge Brits NOT to panic buy amid lockdown fears
Scientists advising Boris Johnson 'never discussed' 10pm pubs curfew plan, reveals Sage member
Covid: Clashes as police shut down protest over new rules
Week 29 28th September - 4th October
Parliament's Bars Exempt From 10pm Curfew Due To 'Workplace Canteen' Classification
Presidential debate descends into chaos as Trump rails against Biden and moderator
Boris Johnson dismisses Welsh calls to stop coronavirus hotspot holidaymakers coming to Wales
Proud Boys celebrate online after Trump told the far right group to 'stand back and stand by'
770 students test positive at Northumbria University
Boris Johnson says everybody got 'complacent' over virus
Donald Trump 'having trouble breathing' and is 'very fatigued', senior advisor says
Trump is admitted to Walter Reed hospital for COVID-19 treatment
President's supporters pack streets outside Walter Reed Medical Center
Trump is mocked online for signing blank page in 'staged' photo-op
Trump says he's getting better but next two days are critical
Week 30 5th October - 11th October
Social distancing 'to end by October 2021', Boris Johnson promises
Trump Covid: President downplays virus on leaving hospital
Matt Hancock warns cancer patients may not be treated if Covid-19 is 'out of control'
Pubs in northern England 'ordered to close from Monday'
Hundreds of musicians protest outside Parliament
Government rejects scientists’ call to end lockdown measures
Trump claims to be 'immune' and says he has 'protective glow'
Week 31 12th October - 18th October
Covid reinfection: Man gets Covid twice and second hit 'more severe'
Wales to ban travel from UK Covid hotspots
Donald Trump Throws Masks Into Crowd And Says He'll 'Kiss Everyone' At Florida Rally
Schools to close and tight new hospitality rules
Liverpool crowds 'shame our city'
Sex Banned Between People From Different Households In Tier 2 And Tier 3 Lockdown Areas
Thousands of anti-mask protesters descend on London calling for lockdown end hours after capital's Tier 2 restrictions
Boris Johnson refusal to back circuit breaker lockdown 'will cost the economy £110billion'
Week 32 19th October - 25th October
Trump calls Biden the 'most boring human being' who's also running a 'criminal enterprise'
Wales to go into 'firebreak' lockdown from Friday
Donald Trump calls Dr. Fauci 'an idiot' and a 'disaster' during leaked call
Tory MPs reject bid to feed more than a million children during school holidays
Covid: South Yorkshire to move into tier 3 from Saturday
Tory MP defends replying to a tweet which described free school meals as '£20 cash direct to a crack den'
President Trump casts his vote and lashes out at mail-in ballots
Covid: Spain imposes national night-time curfew to curb infections
Week 33 26th October - 1st November
Marcus Rashford Wins Pride Of Britain Award For Free School Meals Campaigning
Boots to offer 12-minute Covid nasal swab test
Macron declares second national lockdown in France
Boris Johnson will announce a national coronavirus lockdown NEXT WEEK
Covid nurse death toll now as high as the number of nurses who died during World War One
Poll: Donald Trump set to win US presidency by electoral college landslide
Australia records zero Covid-19 cases for first time in five months
Week 34 2nd November - 8th November
Donald Trump to send lawyers to Pennsylvania as soon as voting stops
US Election 2020: Have the polls got it wrong AGAIN?
Pennsylvania result may not come until FRIDAY as Trump leads Biden
Trump falsely claims he has won election and demands Supreme Court stops more ballots being counted
Arizona election centre closing due to rising unrest from crowd 'armed with guns'
US Election 2020: Could Arizona flip to TRUMP? 515k votes uncounted
Trump files Georgia lawsuit over late ballots after suing PA and NV
US Elections 2020: Protect the Vote protests held across country
Angry Trump rang Rupert Murdoch as Fox News called Arizona for Biden
Election observer says there is no evidence for Trump's fraud claims
Trump voters chanting 'Stop the Vote' storm Detroit counting hall
Key Arizona county shuts down building to media during vote count as armed Trump supporters gather
Major American News Networks Stopped Broadcasting Donald Trump's Live Press Conference
US Election 2020: Trump alleges 'shenanigans' as Biden urges calm
Georgia judge throws out Trump’s lawsuit over voter fraud in a blow to his electoral hopes
Trump tests democracy by claiming conspiracy as TV cameras cut away
Trump says Biden should not 'wrongfully' claim victory
Trump begins fifth day after election blaming fraud with Twitter rant – despite top advisers telling him to concede
Week 35 9th November - 15th November
Covid vaccine: First 'milestone' vaccine offers 90% protection
Biden plans repudiation of Trump's policies with executive orders to end 'Muslim ban' and rejoin WHO
Donald Trump 'planning mass rallies where he will brandish the obituaries of people he claims voted'
I saw Donald Trump’s presidency come crashing down at Four Seasons Total Landscaping
US election 2020: Biden calls Trump refusal to concede 'an embarrassment' - BBC News
Officials In Every Single State Confirm There Is No Evidence Of Voter Fraud In US Election
UK first country in Europe to pass 50,000 deaths
Cummings to leave No 10 with immediate effect
The ‘Dead’ People Trump Supporters Claim Voted In Election Are Actually Alive
Stop anti-vaccination fake news online with new law says Labour
Million MAGA March: Thousands of pro-Trump protesters rally in Washington DC
Trump admits for first time Biden won, but immediately launches Twitter tirade questioning results
Week 36 16th November - 22nd November
Covid was circulating in Italy in September 2019, new study shows
Covid vaccine: Major new trial starts in UK
Boris Johnson self-isolating after MP tests positive for Covid-19
Moderna: Covid vaccine shows nearly 95% protection
Covid vaccine: Pfizer says it's '94% effective in over-65s'
Family Christmas get-togethers being considered
Oxford coronavirus vaccine is safe and triggers 'robust' immune response, phase 2 study finds
Rudy Giuliani has finally worked out how Biden stole the election from Trump | Holly Baxter
US Election 2020: Georgia recount completed, CONFIRMS Biden victory
Trump’s team caught on hot mic discussing Giuliani’s hair dye ‘dripping down his face’
Trump asks judge to declare him winner in Pennsylvania
Boris Johnson to announce 'normal Christmas' is off with tougher tiers after lockdown
Trump skips virtual G20 side-session on 'pandemic preparedness' to play golf
Week 37 23rd November - 29th November
Fans at sporting events: Maximum of 4,000 set to be allowed in England
Christmas bubble rules: 3 households will be able to meet for 5 days - but not in the pub
Trump accepts transition to Biden must begin
England arrivals to be able to cut quarantine with private test
Covid-19 tiers: Almost all of England facing tough virus rules
Parts of Kent will be in Tier 3 from December 2, as Boris Johnson brings England out of national lockdown
Trump declares Twitter national security threat after #DiaperDon trends following meltdown
Trump says Biden can only be President if he 'proves' votes are real
Trump is planning an event DURING president-elect's inauguration
Week 38 30th November - 6th December
Wisconsin recount adds 87 votes to Biden’s victory over Trump
Trump gives first interview since election loss to accuse his own FBI and DOJ of 'helping rig vote'
US attorney general finds 'no voter fraud that could overturn election'
Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine judged safe for use in UK
White House releases 46-minute 'address' by Donald Trump complaining about losing the election
Trump would be the fourth president to skip an inauguration if he refuses to attend Biden's ceremony
‘If you don’t think Covid is real, you’re an idiot,’ says Canadian politician
Trump is greeted with chants of 'four more years' MAGA fans at Georgia rally
Week 39 7th December - 13th December
Rudy Giuliani, 76, is hospitalized in DC with COVID
Georgia to re-certify Biden victory after two recounts
Donald Trump claims 'the next administration will be the Trump administration'
Supreme Court REJECTS Republican demand to overturn Joe Biden's victory in Pennsylvania
Macron warned as UK armed forces puts 14,000 on standby - Brexit fury on British seas | UK
Supreme Court REJECTS Texas AG's bid to overturn Joe Biden's election victory   
Donald Trump says he is 'so disappointed' in Supreme Court
The Majority Of Americans Don’t Want Trump To Be President Again
Every shop and supermarket chain in the UK closing on Boxing Day
Almost half of US voters think Trump will go down as ‘one of worst presidents in history’ says Fox poll
Week 40 14th December - 20th December
Electoral College will vote Monday, confirming Biden's...
Donald Trump tweets demand to JAIL Georgia's governor Brian Kemp
Biden's Electoral College win becomes official as California votes
New variant' of coronavirus identified in England
Bill Gates says US entering worse phase of COVID pandemic and predicts lockdowns will last into 2022
MAGA turns on Mitch: Trump's allies slam the Republican Senate majority leader
Trump moved cyber security budget to pay for his wall before major hacking assault
Christmas rules tightened for England and Wales
Christmas bubbles in Tiers 1, 2 and 3 cut to just 24 hours on December 25
Boris Johnson holds meeting TODAY to decide whether to bring in new coronavirus lockdown amid Christmas travel ban fears
Christmas rules tightened for England, Scotland and Wales
Ireland, Italy, Belgium and Netherlands ban flights from UK
Tier 4 escape train: Dramatic scenes as passengers cram onto packed Leeds train from London before Tier 4 lockdown
UK coronavirus cases up more than 50% in a week
London tier 4: Police will 'stop people from getting on trains'
Week 41 21st December - 27th December
Dover port halts traffic to France for 48 hours
Boris Johnson to give press conference after mutant Covid strain, Christmas chaos & borders closing
Nations impose UK travel bans over new variant
Mutant coronavirus strain could more easily target children, scientists fear
‘Start with a virus’: Trump suggests Covid-19 was invented to cost him the 2020 election
EU-UK on verge of Brexit trade deal announcement - BBC News
Week 42 28th December - 3rd Jan 2021
Only primary school children and Years 11 & 13 will return to class on Jan 4 as some pupils may stay home until FEBRUARY
Spain to keep registry of those who refuse Covid vaccine
Covid vaccine from Oxford University and Astrazeneca is APPROVED
COVID-19 hospitalizations reach pandemic high of more than 124,000
Maskless crowd 'chant 'Covid is a hoax'' outside St Thomas's Hospital
Speaker Pelosi's house VANDALIZED with red paint, a pigs head and message about $2,000 checks
Up to 60% of US health workers are refusing to get COVID-19 vaccines
US election: Legal bid to get Pence to overturn results rejected
Keir Starmer calls for nationwide lockdown within 24 hours
Week 43 4th January - 10th January
Leaked call captures Trump demanding GA Secretary of State 'find' votes to overturn Biden win
Doctor Who star Jodie Whittaker quits after three years as Time Lord
Boris Johnson says tougher measures needed soon to control Covid surge
Scotland to go into full lockdown from midnight tonight
Schools 'to be closed' as England faces another full lockdown
Anyone receiving Covid vaccine should AVOID drinking alcohol, experts warn
National lockdown: Stay at Home
Republican Lauren Boebert vows to carry handgun to Congress
Congress protests: Capitol offices evacuated as pro-Trump rioters clash with police
Trump is BANNED from Facebook for 24 hours and Twitter for 12 hours
One woman dead after violent pro-Trump mob storms US Capitol - BBC News
Cabinet members discuss using 25th Amendment to REMOVE Donald Trump
DC police release photos of Trump mob members wanted on federal charges
Elon Musk says 'well back to work' as he surpasses Jeff Bezos as richest man in the world
Capitol riot: Trump commits to 'orderly' transition of power
Trump tells aides he wants to pardon himself, report says
Two more life-saving Covid drugs discovered
Mark Zuckerberg Is Blocking Trump’s Facebook And Instagram Indefinitely For Inciting Violence
Major incident declared in London as Sadiq Khan warns of ‘critical’ Covid threat facing hospitals
Twitter Permanently Suspends Donald Trump's Account Because Of 'Incitement Of Violence'
Democrats say they will impeach Trump on article of 'incitement of insurrection'
Nancy Pelosi accuses MAGA mob who stormed US Capitol of 'choosing their whiteness over democracy'
Joe Biden Calls Donald Trump ‘The Most Incompetent President’ In American History
Queen and Prince Philip receive vaccinations
Week 44 11th January - 17th January
Formal Process Of Impeaching Donald Trump Again Has Begun
Rudy Giuliani could be disbarred after Capitol riot
Ban non-mask wearers, health secretary tells supermarkets
YouTube blocks Donald Trump's account for seven days
Trump impeached for 'inciting' US Capitol riot
Panic buttons were inexplicably torn out ahead of Capitol riots, says Ayanna Pressley chief of staff
Donald Trump Becomes First Ever President To Be Impeached Twice
Covid infection shown to provide as much immunity as vaccines
UK to close all travel corridors from Monday
Trump plans to hold 'farewell event on day of Biden inauguration
Week 45 18th January - 24th January
Pentagon denies Donald Trump's request for a military-style farewell parade 
McConnell says Trump ‘provoked’ Capitol riots and insists inauguration will be safe
Trump is STILL ranting that he won the election with less than 48 hours left in office
UK now has highest Covid death rate in the world
Trump Becomes Only President In Eight Decades To Never Achieve 50% Approval Rating
Trump farewell video: Major networks boycott president’s speech
More than 4,400 Americans die from COVID-19 on the same day President Biden is sworn in
Pelosi plows ahead with Trump impeachment trial even as Biden urges unity
New UK variant 'may be more deadly'
400-person wedding party in Stamford Hill broken up by police
Tokyo Olympics 'are CANCELLED'
QAnon Shaman feels ‘duped’ after Trump doesn’t pardon him
Lockdown until SEPTEMBER: Boris faces major rebellion as he pleads for six month extension
Week 46 25th January - 31st January
Trump wants to set up ‘MAGA party’ to challenge Republicans who voted to impeach him, says report
Children 'will not return to school next month and will be at home until May'
Vaccinated people may spread virus, says Van-Tam
Giuliani sued for $1.3 billion by Dominion Voting systems over false election fraud claims
Moderna vaccine appears to work against variants
Joe Biden Set To Ban Calling Covid The 'China Virus'
Boris Johnson to make Covid statement to MPs this lunchtime after UK passes 100,000 deaths
Biden’s Approval Polling Is Already Higher Than Trump’s Ever Was
China Is Using Anal Swabs To Test The Public For Coronavirus
English schools could return 8 March 'at the earliest' - PM
Captain Sir Tom Moore in hospital with coronavirus
Week 47 1st February - 7th February
Isle of Man lifts ALL Covid lockdown restrictions with pubs reopened and social distancing and masks scrapped
Captain Sir Tom Moore dies in hospital with coronavirus
Joe Biden is considering revoking Trump's rights to be briefed on the nation's secrets
Trump's impeachment lawyer David Schoen insists Capitol riot was 'nothing' to do with the President
Brexit news: Cadbury to move Dairy Milk production from Germany to UK - £15m investment | Politics | News
Student baffled between her left and right gets directions tattooed on her hands
Week 48 8th February - 14th February
More than half of Americans say Trump should be convicted and barred from ever holding office again
Hotel quarantine details confirmed with £1,750 cost - and 10 years' prison for lawbreakers
Impeachment trial: Senate votes to go ahead with Trump hearing - BBC News
Facebook Is Finally Banning All Anti-Vaxx Misinformation
Donald Trump gives up watching his own impeachment trial to take to his golf course
Trump is acquitted 57-43 of inciting MAGA riot
Oxford AstraZeneca Covid vaccine to be tested on kids as young as six in world's first trial on children
Donald Trump hints at a comeback as he revels in acquittal
Vaccine given to 15 million in UK as PM hails 'extraordinary feat'
Week 49 15th February - 21st February
Donald Trump dumps Rudy Giuliani as his personal lawyer as they are both sued by congressman
Nasa's Perseverance rover in 'great shape' after Mars landing
'No jab, no job' policies may be legal for new staff
Hairdressers set to stay shut until late April as Boris Johnson sets out roadmap to freedom
UK Covid lockdown easing: A No 10 'priority' is to allow more social contact
Week 50 22nd February - 28th February
Boris Johnson plans to reopen shops and gyms in England on 12 April
Queen set to address nation before Harry and Meghan's bombshell Oprah interview
Queen set to address nation before Harry and Meghan's bombshell Oprah interview
Captain Sir Tom Moore's funeral will be 'spectacular' with soldier pallbearers and gun salute
Week 51 1st March - 7th March
Covid vaccines cut risk of serious illness by 80%
Trump says the Supreme Court should be 'ashamed' for not having guts to overturn 'rigged' election
Budget 2021: Furlough scheme to be extended until September
Week 52 8th March - 14th March
Normal' to feel a bit unwell after Covid vaccine
Harry and Meghan's popularity falls to lowest level EVER after Oprah interview, shows YouGov poll
Sarah Everard: Met criticised over Clapham vigil policing
Week 53 15th March - 21st March
Slow walkers 'more likely to die', study finds
P&O Cruises says travellers will need vaccinations
EU states to resume AstraZeneca vaccine rollout
PM receives AstraZeneca jab as he urges public to do same
Foreign breaks 'extremely unlikely' amid concerns over Europe's third Covid-19 wave
Trump advisor says return to social media will happen within months
Arrests during anti-lockdown protests in London
Week 54 22nd March - 28th March
Bristol protest: Police attacked as 'Kill the Bill' demo turns violent
Holidays abroad will be officially ILLEGAL for Brits from Monday with £5,000 fine for escaping the country
Nicola Sturgeon cleared of breaching ministerial code over Alex Salmond saga
Children in line for Covid jabs from AUGUST in time for new school year
Banksy painting for NHS charities sells for £14.4m
Brazil's daily deaths surpass 3,000 for first time
NHS staff in Scotland to be offered 4% pay rise
Week 55 29th March - 4th April
Suez Canal: Effort to refloat wedged container ship continues
Zero Covid deaths in London for first time in six months 
Suez Canal: Ever Given container ship shifted from shoreline
Greta Thunberg statue is unveiled at Winchester University
Queen, 94, enjoys a socially-distanced Easter walk with Prince Charles, 72, in Windsor
Week 56 5th April - 11th April
England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April
Covid passports could be required for clothes shopping
Prince Philip dies aged 99 after life of service to Queen and country
Week 57 12th April
Pubs, shops and hairdressers re-open 
Acknowledgements
Thanks to my wife Wendy who encouraged me throughout lockdown by always replying with laughing face emojis immediately after I sent each daily WhatsApp message to the family. It’s nice to know at least one person thought the diary was funny!
Thanks also to my bossy older sister Gill Watson who encouraged me to turn my messages into a book and provided feedback from her friends who read her weekly summaries of my posts. Thanks also for assisting with the editing and proof reading. 
Anyone who knows my sister will also know that, on meeting her, it is only a matter of minutes before she will bring up the fact that I sold her bike for profit when she went off to college. Some people just can’t let go, even after nearly 50 years! At least you now know where the inspiration for ponffonby came from!
