Copyright © 2012 Marlin Williams
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by electronic or mechanical means, including photocopying, recording or by any information storage and retrieval system, without the written permission of the author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual person, living or dead, business establishments, event, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Chapter 1

The first time Max Fagan heard the voice he was twelve.
He and a friend rode their bicycles into town with the intention of acquiring a comic book. It was a special edition that cost three times the usual price. Since neither of them had enough money to make the purchase, they'd decided to pinch it off the shelf at Mac’s Place.
It was mid-November. The temperature had dropped to a brisk forty-seven degrees. Kennert insisted on Max wearing his dark trench coat with the oversized pocket sewn into the lining. The coat was long and Max had to make several stops along the way to untangle the hem from the rear tire’s spokes. After an hour’s worth of pedaling, they arrived at the small parking lot. Max climbed off his bike and pushed the kickstand down with the sole of his shoe. Kennert remained seated.
“Aren’t you coming with me?” asked Max.
Kennert shook his head.
Max’s friend was a great instigator, but when it came to following through on risky deeds, he always ducked out leaving someone else to do the dirty work.
“It’ll be easy,” Kennert assured Max. “Slip the comic into the inside pocket of your jacket.”
The store was small. The six shelves on each of the four walls were prioritized according to needs: A wall for tobacco products, a wall with a cooler filled with a variety of beer and wine, a wall for snack foods, and the wall for magazines. It was easy for Paul, the proprietor of the store, to keep watch on the place with his one good eye. The other was a useless, glazed over orb staring from beneath a steely-gray eyebrow. Most of the time, the man kept it covered with an eyepatch giving him the appearance of a pirate. Paul reserved the raw, uncensored version for suspicious characters, so when Max entered the store, the owner lifted the eyepatch to stare at the boy.
The rumor circulating amongst the kids in Camden was that the eye possessed a special prowess of clairvoyance that could spot a bad kid a mile away. To avoid arousing the old man’s suspicion Max would have to play it cool. Feigning interest in toiletries, household cleaners, and dusty cans of food, Max spent ten minutes meandering up one isle and down another until he’d made all five rows then he started over. He could feel the death glare of the glazed eye tingling on his skin. The hairs on his arms raised, but he refused to look up. Nerves began to kick in, and Max decided that taking the magazine was not worth the risk. Just as he began to walk out, he heard a voice.
Chicken.
Max looked around. There wasn’t anyone else in the place but him and the owner. Max shrugged it off and headed for the door.
What’s the matter, sissy boy, afraid of getting caught?
Again, Max stopped. Afraid to utter a word he shook his head.
Then be a man, grab that magazine, and strut outta here like you own the joint.
Max froze.
If you don’t your friend out there is gonna tell everyone in school what a coward you are. Every bully is gonna be on you like white on rice. Is that what you want?
Max shook his head again.
Then take it.
Paul had stepped from behind the counter and was gliding across the floor.
Max rushed back to the newsstand, grabbed the magazine, and rushed out the door. Kennert was already gone.
Paul chased after him and grabbed a handful of collar as Max jumped onto his bike, but Max managed to yank free. A second later, he was pedaling at a frantic speed with Paul hot on his tail yelling an unbroken string of obscenities and the sound of hurried steps pounding against the pavement, but the tirade took its toll on the older man. Soon, the rant became broken by gasps for air, and the sound of soles slapping pavement slowed.
Max placed more distance between him and his pursuer before feeling it was safe to stop. He looked back over his shoulder. The store owner was bent over with his hands planted on his knees, heaving. Feeling energized by his victory, Max retrieved the comic book from his coat and lifted his ill-gotten prize high above his head for the store owner to see. Much to his delight his action brought on another string of swearing muffled by distance.
Feeling like he could conquer the world, Max sped away. He journeyed to Camden’s City Park and found a shady oak tree dripping with hanging moss to lie beneath and peruse the pages filled with the adventures of Captain Hawklin and delectable advertisements for toys and gadgets. On the last page was a glorious full page ad for a metal-flake gold Mach 1 bicycle, three speed, hand-brakes banana seat, and chrome sissy-bars. It was the one that he’d wanted for his birthday. Instead, he’d received an old cast-off that he suspected his father had salvaged from the garbage. The old man drove the sanitation truck for the city and got first dibs on all the best junk.
With his gaze still locked on the bike ad, Max lulled himself into a trance.
A blinding flash of silver light popped in front of his eyes. Suddenly, he imagined himself on the new bicycle zooming down a long stretch of desert highway. In the distance a lone figure stood in the middle of the road shimmering behind a veil of heat.
The strange sight alarmed Max and he slowed his bike to a stop and stared. The figure remained stationary, and after a few minutes, Max rationalized that it wasn’t somebody but something. He commenced peddling again, hesitant at first, and then gained speed. In case it was something threatening, he’d zip past it. As he neared, the details crystallized, but Max couldn’t wrap his mind around the sight. He slammed on the brakes and skidded to a stop.
The figure of a boy about Max’s age stood in the middle of the road. He stared at the boy’s face. It was like looking in a mirror, but the boy had a darker edge. He wore a frown. His dark hair was disheveled and his overalls were stained with grease and grime. He chomped on an unlit cigar.
“Who are you?” Max asked.
“My name’s Charley Axon. I’m the voice inside your head.”
“If you’re inside my head then why can I see you out there?”
“Because you’re in here with me.” Charley chewed his cigar as he tapped the tip of his finger against his temple. “And you came in here to listen to the voice of reason.” He turned his finger in and planted it on his chest. “That’s me.”
Max looked perplexed. “What’s the voice of reason?”
“I give you a million reasons why you can’t do something. You’re too fat, you’re too short, you’re not good looking enough, or you’re too dumb.” Charley shrugged. “All those reasons and more.” He grinned. “I’m the one that’s going to give you the reasons why you’ll never have a bicycle like that one?” Charley pointed to the Stingray; the metal-flake gold paint sparkled beneath the sun.
“Get out of my way!” Max scowled, narrowed his eyes, and gritted his teeth.
“I’m only trying to save you from yourself, Max.”
Surprised, Max’s eyes rounded out. “How’d you know my name?”
“I know everything about you.” Charley thoughtfully rolled the cigar around in his mouth. “I even know what scares you.”
Max puffed out his chest. “I’m not scared of anything.”
“We’ll see.” Charley chuckled. “Do you know what lies up the road ahead?”
Max shifted his gaze to the desert highway, where the road converged into a fine point and a silver pool of light wavered on the horizon. He shook his head.
Charley mused then said, “It’s the unknown. Your worst fears are one step beyond this line.” He used the toe of his worn out PF Flyers to smudge a mark onto the pavement.
“I said I’m not scared,” Max growled out. He edged forward expecting a fight, but instead Charley stepped aside.
Charley asked, “Then what’s stopping you?”
The fire came back into Max’s eyes. To maximize his take-off, he stood up to get more leverage on the down-stroke of the bike's pedal. Soon, he was zipping down the highway and swiftly approaching the silver light. As he neared, Max expected it to evaporate into thin air, but when it didn’t, not knowing what to expect, Max squeezed his eyes shut. He felt fear flopping around inside his belly as he broke through the ethereal barrier. He heard the sound of breaking glass. Max looked back over his shoulder. The light had shattered into thousands of pieces. Instead of falling to the ground, the shards had taken to the sky like a crazy flock of birds and were giving chase on a rapid zig-zag course toward him.
Determined to outrun them, Max swiveled around and pedaled harder. At his back, he heard snapping of teeth. The fear in his belly had coiled itself around Max’s solar plexus and creeping upward, winding around his core as it went. The terrifying things caught up to Max and swarmed around him. He couldn’t wrap his mind around the sight, a large school of red-eyed piranhas snapping at his bike.
Max heard Charley shout, “I wouldn’t stay on the bicycle if I were you!”
Max launched himself from the seat, tumbled through the air, and somersaulted across the ground until he came to a rest. He sat up. Quickly losing momentum, the bike rocked back and forth, and toppled, as the piranhas cocooned Max’s dream of a new bicycle. Within a matter of seconds, they had stripped it, and all that was left was his old broken down bike.
Charley burst out laughing. “You’d better get a move on before they go after you.”
Max jumped to his feet and ran back across the line. He now stood at Charley’s side with a terrified look in his eyes. “What were those things?”
“Attic piranhas,” Charley replied. He tapped a finger against his forehead. "You know, those little things that scare you and eat away at your dreams. If you stand here much longer they're going to come after you and eat you alive. I'm not talking metaphorically, pal. I've seen it happen a few times and it's not a pretty sight.”
A streak of fear shot through Max, but nervously stood his ground.
A self satisfying grin spread across Charley’s lips and parted his lips. “All right, be stubborn.
The swarm gathered speed as it flew toward Max. Sweat broke out across his brow. He began to shake.
“You’d better learn to listen to me, Max,” said Charley. “If you know what’s good for you.”
Max whirled around and ran.
Charley broke out into laughter. “I’ll be seeing you in your dreams, fat boy!”

Chapter 2

Thirty Years Later

Max Fagan emerged from a silver flash of light in a speeding, red convertible. Along the stretch of desert highway, he passed a billboard and felt a little nervous. It was the one with the cows crawling all over it, begging him to eat a chicken. However, the billboard was not the problem. The problem was Charley Axon, but before he could arrive on the scene and cause the dream to become a nightmare, Max woke up and struggled free from the twisted binds of his blanket.
He’d heard that pills worked—a little. But he was not interested in anything that was strong enough to ward off the livid dreams that sometimes morphed into grand-mal nightmares; complete with night-sweats and chills. He sat up from his makeshift bed on the sofa, and the August sun pierced the barrier of shabby drapes. He winced, recoiled, and rubbed his stinging eyes. He dropped his hands and looked around the tiny one-room apartment at the collage of second-hand furnishings. It left a bad taste in his mouth.
The angle of the late morning sun prompted him into a nervous search through the slush pile of watch innards and electronic components on the coffee table. He found his Elegant wristwatch and looked at the dial. “Shit, late again.” He sped through his morning ritual, finishing off his recently acquired attire of thrift-store shirt, slacks by slipping on a pair of comfortable but worn-out loafers, and raced out the door. As he hurried through what barely passed as a courtyard, he noticed the Coral Reef Apartments complex's sign had a new bad paint job covering the old bad paint job. It was the manager's latest attempt to mask the decaying property, like a Band-Aid on a gaping wound.
He took his usual shortcut down Main Street where a space-time-continuum-vortex hung out like a trap waiting to spring on him. He often squandered the extra time the route gained him on self-indulging pleasures. Today, it was Mr. Wong’s hotdog stand. The mobile establishment embellished the sidewalk with old, oriental-style culture, and the owner was rumored to be a plethora of Confucius-like wisdom. Although Mr. Wong and his cart raised a few eyebrows, some of the town’s prominent folk conferred confidentially with this wise and mystical oracle on personal matters, mostly about love and money. Max didn’t see anything wise or mystical about an old man behind the counter of a hotdog stand. However, one of the old Chinese sage’s popular Dirty Water Dogs would go a long way in improving his outlook, and maybe to some small degree, his life. He stepped up to the counter and said, “One dog, just mustard, Mr. Wong.”
The vendor stood beneath the paper lanterns that were swaying gently in the summer breeze. His long, braided white hair cascaded down his back, and his carefully trimmed beard settled across his traditional Tangzhuang jacket. With humble eyes, he acknowledged Max's presence with a slight bow. He dished up one of his Dirty Water Dogs with an air of infinite wisdom, slathered on mustard with a touch of philosophical wit, and handed it to Max with a smile relishing fulfillment. “How things with you, Max?”
“How do you know my name?”
The old man’s gray eyes sparkled. “To know many people name good business.”
Max handed the vendor a twenty-dollar bill from his wallet. “Well, since you ask, it’s the same old thing. I'm still earning meager boons groveling at the bottom of the corporate ladder. I can’t seem to change my life, no matter what I do.”
“Trouble with you, Max, you do outside thing, but not do inside thing.” He smiled, shoved the bill into his pocket, and made a slight bow.
“Hey,” Max pointed to the pocket, “I gave you a twenty-dollar bill. Where's my change?”
The vendor’s grin broadened. “Change come from within.”
“I'm talking about my money.”
“Money,” Mr. Wong shook his head, “no matter.” Then as he nodded, he said, “Change matter.”
“I didn't come here for any of your philosophical bull crap.” Max held out his open palm. “Just give me my change.”
Mr. Wong smiled and slapped a napkin on Max’s outstretched hand. “Not work that way. Old Chinese proverb say; don’t give a man fish, teach a man to fish.”
“I've got news for you, old man; I hate fish.” He clinched his hand tightly around the napkin. “And I don't have time for your crazy riddles.”
Mr. Wong brushed Max away with a sweeping motion of his long fingers. “Time for you to go now.”
Max looked at his watch. “Geeeeez, now I'm really late. I've got to go, but I'll be back.” He thrust his finger inches away from Mr. Wong’s nose. “And I’d better get my change.”
The Chinaman nodded his head sagely. “Don’t worry, you get change.”
Max turned and hurried away. He didn’t understand what all that was about, other than he had paid the sidewalk vendor too much money for a hotdog. He crossed Main Street feeling stuck in a hopeless dilemma of his usual calamity, and as he stuffed half of the dog in his mouth, he raced to work.
He arrived outside the fence of the Elegant Watch Company and grasped the wrought-iron bars on the gate. He looked in at a well-groomed courtyard of blossoming flowers and fresh cut grass. A large, bronze sundial stood in the heart of the square with the words, Master of Time etched into the metal. At the center of the timepiece stood a mythological god pointing its sword to the heavens as if in constant battle with the creator of time and dreams. Max looked down at his half-eaten hotdog. It no longer appealed to him. He wistfully looked it over before wrapping it in the napkin and cramming it into his hip pocket. He entered through the gate, hoping to avoid another confrontation with the old man.
The rumor was, Old Man Follis had out-lived his purpose with the top-floor executives, so upper management had created a position to keep him out of the corporate workings, neutralizing him until he chose to retire. The old man's office was a glass cubicle, on a raised platform, centrally located in the production warehouse. Its position, and the glass-walled omniscience, inferred a god-like wisdom and made him the great overseer of the operation. It was his world.
Most of the production crew at the Elegant Watch Company thought the surrounding glass walls simply gave him the appearance of an obsolete and antiquated artifact placed on display for all to see and called him The Old Fossil behind his back. His constant scanning identified every infraction from intolerable congeniality to unprofessional smiles. If his stern gaze did not remedy the situation, then he would be forced to go out and break up the brouhaha.
Mr. Follis made note of the time as he watched Max slip through the door, stealthily glide down the aisle to his station on the production line, and quietly sit down. He dealt with the offense by sticking his head out of his office door and yelling, “Fagan, you're late, again. Come to my office, now!” He punctuated his demand by slamming the door.
The fear that coiled around Max’s stomach tightened its grip as he slowly stood up and trudged through the thick silence and a congregation of sympathetic glances to face the consequences. He placed his hands on the metal handrails flanking the steps that had once been painted cautionary yellow, but were now worn down to the bare steel leaving a few flecks of dull paint as testimony that preventative maintenance had gone out the window along with other cutbacks, like not providing snacks for the monthly safety meeting. He wondered how much doughnuts and coffee had cost the company anyway? The sinking feeling in his stomach grew as he slowly climbed the stairs, and when he arrived at the top, Max hesitated outside the glass door and peered in.
Mr. Follis was sitting behind his desk with his elbows propped on the desktop, glaring back at him.
Max was sure the meeting was destined to end on a bad note. He slowly reached out, opened the door, and entered the office.
Follis was as cold and sterile as the cubicle’s air as he clasped his fingers together and nodded his head at the empty chair on the other side of the desk. “Sit down.”
Max grabbed the wooden chair, and as he pulled it back, the bottoms of the legs squawked loudly against the cold, gray tile. He gave a sheepish grin. “Sorry.” He sat down on the hardwood seat that promised to escalate from uncomfortable to excruciatingly painful within a matter of minutes.
Mr. Follis leaned forward. “Do I need to remind you that the Elegant Watch Company is the hub of commerce for the city of Camden? The work you do here affects everyone else in this town.” His eyes roamed over the global awards vying for space on his desk, glorifying his undisputable service to the company for over forty years. He unclasped his hands, picked up one of the awards, and eyed it fondly. “I spent three years in China expanding the Elegant Watch empire. Hell, son, we're conquerors. One day, Elegant Watch Company will dominate the world industry of fine watches.” He set the award down, wadded his thick fingers into a fist, and brought it down hard on top of the desk. The bang echoed loudly inside the room. “We're a global company.” He pinned Max with a hard stare. “Everything we do—” He pointed a finger at Max. “Everything you do has an impact on the world.”
Max shifted in his chair, took a deep breath of stale cigar smoke, and looked the old fossil directly in his eyes. “I don't think that my being late is going to have much of an impact on the world.”
Follis' face relaxed, and the hard, straight line of disapproval on his lips dissolved into a faint smile. “You know, Fagan, you're right.” He punched the red button of the intercom. “It’s Follis. Get security to my office, immediately.” His smile thickened with satisfaction. “Hand me your badge and collect your things.”
“What?”
Follis leaned back in his seat. “You seem to think you have a free pass to come and go as you please. Your employee file is a testament to that. Your blatant disregard of the rules and your disrespect for everyone you work with has brought you to the end of the line here. I can’t get any clearer than that.” He nodded at the door. “Now, get out of my office.”
Max quickly retreated to the employee lockers lining the unpainted cinderblock walls. His clumsy endeavor to dial the numbers of his combination padlock in the dull glow of artificial light was interrupted by the sound of footsteps approaching from behind. The hairs on the nape of his neck stood straight. Max stopped and slowly turned around.
A stone-faced security guard, who resembled Dwayne Johnson, towered over him cradling an empty cardboard box.
Max cracked a nervous smile. “Oh, hey.”
The guard remained impassive. His cold stare leeched what little confidence Max had left.
Max hiked his thumb in the air and aimed it at the lock; he was unable to abort the edgy chuckle that seemed to open the gate for nervous chatter. “I seem to have forgotten my combination. I’ve worked here for a long time. You’d think that I’d remember the numbers. I’ve never been fired before.” He shrugged. “Corporate, huh? When I first hired in, this place was like family. But now, it’s all about numbers. I’m just a number.” He turned his finger on the guard like a loaded pistol. “You’re just a number. Do you think they care about us?”
Before the senseless prattle could escalate into a conundrum of ceaseless babble, the guard stepped forward and shoved the empty cardboard box into Max’s chest. Keys jingled as he fetched the ring from his belt and began sorting through them. He stabbed the master key into the lock, and with one twist, the clasp popped open. Without comment, Dwayne’s doppelganger took a single step back. Max wedged himself between the guard’s massive chest and his locker. He fumbled through his belongings and threw them helter-skelter into the box.
After he was done, Max became aware of the sound of his own footsteps in synchronization with the guard’s as he was paraded past the assembly line and the conveyer belts came to a halt one by one. Curious co-workers stood in silent tribute to their fallen peer. He looked past the gawking onlookers into the glass cubicle where the Old Fossil stood behind his desk giving him a cold stare.
At the door, Max turned around for one last look and then walked out of the building. The lock clicked behind him.
With the small box of personal items tucked under his arm, he wandered aimlessly through the streets of Camden. He wondered if he was the only one with the innate problem of inner-dialogues that often prompted him into regrettable actions. He’d considered resorting to covertly visiting with a psychologist, but quickly dismissed the idea. He'd concluded that one hour on the couch every week would have little or no effect on the outrageous thoughts yammering inside his head like a colicky baby. So, his life remained a loop of droning inevitability, predictable algorithmic outcomes that yielded the same things day after day. His attempts to gain freedom from the magnetism of his self-inflicted reality rebounded and pulled him back into a rhythm of old and unproductive habits, like a rubber band snapping back hard when stretched too far.
He stopped at a trash can with an open lid and tossed the box with its contents into the hole. On the thin soles of his shoes, he cruised through the streets and ambled through his mind for a remedy to his problem. Mental fatigue and aching legs forced him to abandon his search and return to his apartment in the fading sunlight.
Max stumbled through the overgrown courtyard laced with a minefield of abandoned children's toys. He kicked a metal dump truck that sent a shockwave of pain through his big toe and into his foot. He cursed the mothers who would dare rear such inconsiderate and irresponsible children.
The throb in his injured digit added to the ache in his legs, and as he approached the stairs, it became a constant drone of relentless pain. He tried to ignore it. He planted his foot on the first step, looked up at the three flights of winding stairs, and groaned. He limped to the top, stopped to lean against the metal handrail in anguish, bent down, and pulled the loafer off his afflicted foot. As he massaged his toe through his sock, movement at the other end of the landing caught his attention.
A man in a stained, white undershirt was standing amidst the bugs that were swarming in the dull glow of light at Max’s front door.
“Hey!” Max yelled. He stopped the toe massage, crammed the shoe back on his foot, and limped his way over to the man. He pointed at the paper fastened to the door with a sloppy tape-job. “What's this?” He yanked the legal notice off, taking some of the crusty brown paint with it. He barely glanced at the sheet before wadding it up and tossing it over the railing. It landed in the untrimmed shrubs, joining its predecessors. He glowered at the man. “What are you doing, Frank, posting an eviction notice on my door where everyone can see it?”
“I'm just doing my job.” The man turned his back.
“Wait a minute, Frank.” Max snagged him by the shoulder, turning him back around. “Let’s work this out.” He hesitated a moment, then with his free hand, snapped his fingers. “I have an idea.”
Frank brushed the clinging hand away. “No more of your bright ideas. Your last brilliant idea cost me most of my pension.”
“But I thought you and I were friends.”
Frank gave him a watered-down look of tolerance. “Yeah, I guess we’re still friends.”
“Well, friends don't evict friends from their home and put them out on the street.”
“I don't have a choice, Max. Like I told you, it's my job, and if I don't do my job then I get fired and we're both out on the street.” He pulled his shoulders up to his ears and put his hands in his pockets. “I'm just the super here. I don't have the authority to let you live here rent free. You haven't paid your rent in over two months. I'm really sorry.”
Max shook his head. “I don't need your sympathy.”
“Look,” Frank explained, “you’ve got until tomorrow to pay, and if you don't have the rent by then, you've got to go. I'd let you stay at my place, but the wife doesn't like you very much.”
“Well, thanks anyway,” Max gritted out through clenched teeth.
The super freed a hand from his pocket, reached out, retrieved a half-smoked stogie that he had stashed on the handrail, and stuck it in between his lips. Around a mouthful of cigar, he said, “Maybe you should get a second job, like Henry Belcher in four-eleven.” He rummaged inside his pocket, found a lighter, and flicked the wheel. As he touched the flame to the end of the stogie, the orange glow highlighted the wrinkles on his face and the bags beneath his eyes. He flipped the lid closed and shoved the lighter back into his pocket. Tugging the cigar from his lips, he sent a puff of gray smoke into the air. “See you around, Fagan.” Frank walked away, leaving a trail of smoke in his wake and softly obscuring the identity of an archaic tune with some warped notes.
Max stood on the landing and listened to the hollow echo of Frank's footsteps going down the stairs until they grew faint. With the embarrassment of how unfair life was treating him still stinging his cheeks, he fished the keys out of his pocket, grabbed the overflowing letters from his mailbox, and unlocked his door.
He stepped inside to the familiar clutter of the efficiency apartment and kicked off his shoes. He flopped down on the couch. “What else can go wrong?” He tossed the mail on the coffee table and immediately noticed the bold, red letters: DISCONNECT NOTICE. He picked up the envelope, ripped open the seal, and reluctantly perused the contents. He slapped his forehead. The agony of a nine-hundred dollar invoice, demanding immediate payment, tightened his jaw and curled his free hand into a tight fist. “Greedy bastards, that's all they are.” He tossed the past-due electric bill to the floor.
He felt a fledgling headache coming on and finally found the vial of aspirin under the cushions of the couch. He rattled the bottle, popped the lid off, and dumped several small, white tablets into his open hand. He shoved the pills into his mouth, tossed his head back, and swallowed them dry. A cool rush of air from the ceiling vent brushed his thinning hair.
No time like the present to start cutting back. He struggled from the sinkhole in the couch and marched to the thermostat, flipping it to the off position. Already starting to sweat, he proceeded to the kitchen and freed the stubborn window frame from its roots of dust and gooey grime. He pushed it up and it immediately crashed back down. “Figures,” he grumbled. He lifted it one more time, holding it in place as he wedged it open with a dirty wooden spoon from the sink. A rush of hot, humid air greeted him through the opening and smacked him across his face. The offensive aroma from the dumpsters across the parking lot stung his nose.
Gagging, he grabbed the can of air freshener from its home beneath the kitchen counter and liberally sprayed the air. Still clutching the can, he journeyed back to the couch where he collapsed in despair. The threadbare cushions on the sofa became an instant reminder that he could not afford anything better than a worn-out hand-me-down from his Aunt Mamie. Although he'd spot-cleaned it many times, it was still stained from the cordial cherries she’d consumed during late-night movie marathons. It smelled a little like pee from her bug-eyed chihuahua. He envisioned the little dog waddling to the armrest and hiking its leg un-noticed by his aunt who was mesmerized by an old black-and-white flick. Max gave the couch a healthy dose of Autumn Breeze and set the can on the coffee table cluttered with watch parts he’d pilfered from the assembly line at work and electronic components scavenged from devices he’d ordered from late-night infomercials.
His gaze settled on the soldering iron that was a centerpiece to the mess and the partially assembled gizmo at its base. Max pointed a finger at it. “I’m going to make you work,” he said proudly, “and I’m going to be rich!” He threw his tired body across the sagging sofa, pulled the throw blanket up to his neck, filled his mind with success, and soon fell asleep.

Chapter 3

During his slumber, a bright silver light popped like a camera flash and Max suddenly found himself speeding down the highway in his classic Mustang convertible. He shoved his foot down on the gas. The slipstream of air rushing over the top of the windshield drowned out the song by Tom Cochrane playing on the radio, something about life being a highway. From the shoulder of the road a flock of dollar signs took flight as he passed.
Max raced toward a pool of light shimmering in the distance. It was difficult to decipher what was hidden by the jittery light waves bouncing off the black pavement, but as the car quickly ate up the stripes down the center of the road it became clear what was concealed behind the veil of heat. His heart leapt into his throat, and Max slammed on the brakes, bringing the sports car to a screeching halt.
Charley Axon stood in front of a row of bright orange barrels blocking the road with a ROAD CLOSED sign planted in front of the barricade. Charley stepped forward, planted his hands on the Mustang’s hood and leaned forward. “How many times have you tried to go down this road, and how many times have I told you that the road to success ain’t for you?”
“Get out of my way, Charley!” Max growled.
Charley chewed on the unlit cigar in his mouth then showed a mouthful of broad yellow teeth when he grinned. “Or you’ll do what?”
“Get outta my way or I’ll run over you!” Max revved the Mustang’s engine.
“Go ahead.”
“I mean it!” Max narrowed his eyes.
Charley chuckled then said, “You’re still the same ole Max, all talk and no action. Charley held up his hands in surrender. “Alright, Max.” Charley rolled enough barrels out of the way for Max to pass through. “If you think that you can handle it then be my guest.”
Max grinned haughtily. “I knew you’d see it my way.” He eased down on the gas pedal and crept forward. As he neared the opening he heard a familiar noise in the distance. The racket that invaded all of his nightmares reminded him of when he was a kid and would blow bubbles through the straw in his milk. As he inched the car closer to the barricade the sound became louder.
Max stomped down on the brake. His eyes were filled with terror.
Charley sneered. “What’s the matter, are you still afraid of the attic piranhas?”
Max stiffened and squared his shoulders. “I ain’t scared.”
Charley motioned Max forward. “Go on, Max. Drive to the golden city of success. Nothin’ stoppin’ you now.”
The sound of boiling water grew louder. Petrified, Max stared into the unknown that lay ahead.
“That’s what I thought.” Charley chuckled. You’d better take that road.” He pointed to an ill-maintained offshoot that was full of potholes and scarred by deep erosion.
Max shook his head. “I’ve been down that road before.”
Charley looked up as he thoughtfully stroked his chin. He leveled his head and said, “Say, there is one more way that you can get the money by tomorrow.”
Max was at the end of the road with nowhere else to go. “How?”
On the roadside, the ground rumbled and split open. A billboard popped up like a jack-in-the-box. The advertisement was a public announcement that portrayed a brawny state trooper with his muscular arms folded across his broad chest. He stared firmly from under the bill of his hat. The words CRIME DOESN’T PAY was written in bold, black letters. Charley used the power of his Keds PF Flyers to launch himself into the air and land on the catwalk at the sign’s base. He held a brush dripping black paint and used the tip to mark through the word DOESN’T, and then he’d sloppily added the letter S at the end of the word PAY. He’d added finishing touches to the masterpiece by painting a large handlebar moustache beneath the nose of the officer, and then gave the man a black eye, and painted a cigarette hanging from the officer’s lips with a stream of smoke curling from the tip. Charlie said, “Your destination is on the signpost up ahead, your next stop―”
“I don’t need to steal.”
“Yeah, right. Just like that line from that song you didn’t steal.”
Max looked surprise. “How’d you know about the company jingle contest?”
“I know every little dirty secret about you, Pal. Now, which road are you going to take?”
Max pulled the shifter into reverse and aimed the car toward the bumpy road. The shiny new vehicle metamorphosed into a broken down clunker belching greasy smoke from the exhaust.
“Atta boy, Maxie!” Charley chortled. “You loser!”
Max traveled as fast as the bad road allowed, but suddenly day turned to night. He turned on the headlights, but the lamps couldn’t cut through the blackness. The car’s engine stalled and died.
“Hey, sleeping beauty,” Charley shouted. “Wake up; you've got work to do.”
Before Max could conjure up a response, he startled awake and sat up. The moonbeams pouring through the gap in the old curtains spilled dim light across the carpet and onto the couch illuminating his sweat-drenched body. The chimes of the clock tower across town rode the pungent, warm breeze in through the open window of the kitchen. When the last chime struck midnight, he felt a sense of urgency, bolted upright from the couch, and unzipped his trousers. His clothes, along with the blanket, fell to the floor, and he stood naked in the glow of the moon.
He stumbled across the room to a pile of clothes on the floor, searching until he found a pair of underwear. He gave them the sniff test before putting them on. He got down on his hands and knees and clawed through the haberdasher's nightmare. “Aha!” He held up a pair of dark trousers. He stood up and struggled for balance as he pulled them on one leg at a time. He flopped down and dug deeper into the mound until he found a black turtleneck sweater. He pulled it over his head and snugged it over his protruding belly. Intensifying his search, he began slinging clothes to the other end of the room with the excitement of an archaeologist on the verge of a very important discovery. “Found it.” He pulled the black stocking-cap over his balding head. “Now, one more thing.”
Rising from his nocturnal clothing excavation, he hurried back across the room to the kitchen. He pulled one of the drawers open and rummaged through the junk. He ran the tips of his fingers over a long cylinder of cold steel. “And here it is.” He held up a flashlight. He pushed the button and nothing happened. “Damn luck.” He slapped the head of the Mega-Lite against his open palm. The light flickered; a beam shot from the lens and splashed light onto the mottled puce wall. “Hmmmm, maybe my luck is starting to change.” Clipping the flashlight to the belt loop on his trousers, he shoved his feet into his loafers and crept out into the night.
Hidden behind a clump of unkempt shrubs, Max lurked in the courtyard's shadows and waited for the intermittent street traffic and late-night stragglers to thin. He ventured cautiously out of his safe haven into the light of the full moon and the hazy glow of streetlights. He crept four blocks on spring-loaded feet, ready to leap back into the shadows at any given moment. Every encounter with the occasional pedestrian, and every howl of a dog, sent him tripping and sprawling into the cover of darkness. Still, he managed to elude all of the obstacles between him and his quest.
When Max arrived across the street from his destination, he dove from the sidewalk and into the yard of an abandoned house, concealing himself behind a barrier of overgrown hedges. As he lay on a bed of dry leaves, he strained to see beyond the hanging branches and the Neighborhood Watch sign that obscured his field of vision. On his elbows, he cautiously squirmed forward with the leaves crunching beneath his belly, until he had a full view of the building.
At the edge of the shadows, he waited for the parking lot to empty while he concocted a plan to cross the street unseen. After the last car drove away, he poked his head out of the boxwoods into the glow of the streetlights. At that same moment, he heard a squeak and clatter of something rolling across the pavement.
He looked up.
A baby stroller had stopped within a few feet of him and shrill notes began piercing the night. A tiny, white-haired lady dropped the whistle-necklace she was wearing to her chest and started screaming, “Help! Police!” She pointed at Max. “There’s a man in the bushes!”
From the corner of his eye, Max saw a car slip out of the darkness and round the corner. Red and blue flashes and a ray from a spotlight mounted on the side of the car's door washed over him. He froze like the proverbial deer in the headlights.
There was one sharp blast on the siren. The police cruiser stopped, and the flare of light winked out. The tinny voice of a dispatcher squawked from the scanner. Both doors opened and two officers stepped out, each clutching a large flashlight. One directed a beam of light into Max’s eyes while the other searched for evidence at the suspected crime scene.
The officer pointing the flashlight at Max’s face yelled, “Come out of the bushes.”
Max belly-crawled from the hedges and out to the street.
The woman pointed her finger at Max. “He’s up to no good. He was watching me and Mr. Diddles cross the street.” She reached into the stroller and picked up a chubby, orange and white tabby. She pulled the cat close and gave him a pat on the head. “He's a bad man. Isn’t that right, Mr. Diddles?”
Mr. Diddles flattened his ears back. He let out a long growl of disapproval as he stared down at the round guy lying prostrate on the ground.
The cop unsnapped his holster and pulled his handgun. “Stop right there and stay down!”
Max hugged the pavement so close he could smell and taste the residue of spent rubber.
“Hands behind your head!”
Max complied.
The officer stooped over and dug the wallet from Max's back pocket. He removed the driver’s license and looked it over. “Mr. Fagan, what were you doing in the bushes?”
“He wanted to take my Mr. Diddles,” the woman sang out.
Max lifted his head and shook it. He addressed the officer. “I pulled a hamstring while I was walking and fell down.”
The officer held the license up in the air. His partner grabbed it from his hand and walked back to the cruiser. The patrolman eyed Max suspiciously. “It’s too hot to be walking while wearing a long-sleeved sweater and a ski mask.”
“I’m power walking. Got to keep my body temp up to burn off the fat.”
“Liar.” The little lady pointed an accusing finger at Max. “He’s a cat burglar!”
Mr. Diddles narrowed his green eyes and swished his tail. He bared his teeth and spat out a hiss.
She placed the feline back into the perambulator. “Don’t you worry, Mr. Diddles, no cat thief is going to snatch you.”
The officer continued to eye Max. “Mrs. Goodie, please take Mr. Diddles home and let us take care of this.”
She glared at Max. “Your cat-napping days are over, buster.” She grabbed the handle and pushed the stroller away.
The officer said, “It looks to me like you were casing the convenience store across the street.”
Afraid that his late-night, illegal antics had been found out, he let out a nervous laugh. “The convenience store?” He quickly contrived a plausible story. “Oh, yeah, the store.” He nodded to the flashlight attached to his side. “I needed some more batteries for my flashlight.”
The policeman reached down and unclipped the Mega-Lite. He pressed the switch. A bright beam of light sprayed from the end. “They look fine to me.”
“I need extra batteries. You never know when the old ones will go.” He looked around at the dark surroundings and gave a little shiver. “I wouldn’t want to be caught out here in the dark without any light.”
The partner returned with Max’s license and handed it back to the first officer. “He’s clean.”
“Okay, Mr. Fagan.” He holstered his gun. “You can get up now.”
Max struggled to his feet and brushed at his black sweater that was covered in leaf and twig confetti, to no avail.
The officer gave Max a final sizing-up and handed the flashlight and license back to him. “There have been a rash of robberies in the neighborhood and we are checking out anyone that looks suspicious.”
Max took his belongings, re-attached the flashlight to his pants, and pointed to the store. “I’m going to get some more batteries now.”
The cop jerked his thumb toward Robbie's store. “Get your batteries and get off the street before you cause any more trouble.”
Max nodded his head and gave the patrolman a nervous grin. He looked both ways before crossing the street and on into the empty parking lot to the entrance of the store. He shoved the door open and stepped inside.
The clerk behind the counter raised his eyes from the small screen of his portable television just as the announcer gave a verbal synopsis of a spectacular three-point shot. He peered vacantly at Max from beneath the rim of his cap, and in a monotone voice asked, “Can I help you?” He turned his attention back down to watch the instant replay.
Max looked back over his shoulder through the glass at the police cruiser still sitting on the side of the road. He turned back around. “Got any D batteries?”
The clerk nodded, turned to the shelf behind him, and picked up a package. He turned back around with the batteries and laid them on the counter. “Anything else?”
Max shook his head.
With robotic motions, the clerk rang up the purchase. “That’ll be four dollars and ninety-five cents.”
Four dollars and ninety-five cents!? That’s outrageous!” Max shouted.
The clerk shrugged. “I don’t set the prices. Do you want them or not?”
“How do they expect people to pay these prices?”
The clerk gave an unsympathetic shrug.
Max pulled out his wallet, reached in, and somberly removed his last five dollars. He plopped it on the counter.
The silent clerk took it, shoved it into the cash drawer, and returned a bright shiny nickel by sliding it across the surface toward Max. He resumed his position in front of the game.
Max turned away from the counter and noticed the cruiser was gone. He left the store holding the new batteries in one hand and the nickel in the other. He opened his hand and stared down regretfully at the last of his money. He shuffled home.

Chapter 4

Max sat up rubbing his sleep-deprived eyes. The morning sun sparkled off the nickel that he had carefully placed on the coffee table. He needed money, a lot of money, now. He replayed last night's fruitless efforts and decided to give up a life of larceny and find another line of work.
He finished his morning routine by dressing in yesterday’s clothes, snagged the nickel, and put it in his pocket. With a growling belly, he staggered to the near-empty refrigerator, grabbed a wilted onion from the crisper, tossed it on the counter, and closed the fridge door. A quick search through a kitchen drawer yielded the all-purpose Ginseng knife touted to slice through aluminum cans and yet remain sharp enough to slice and dice your vegetables. It came with a wok and four serving bowls. Max sliced the onion and laid the knife next to the other bargains that he had found while channel surfing the infomercials. He laid the onion-patty in between two slices of stale bread, wrapped it in foil, and dropped it in a recycled, plastic grocery bag. He brewed a half pot of coffee and poured the contents into a large Styrofoam cup from his collection of convenience store dining-ware. A search for a lid through miscellaneous contents proved to be futile, so he abandoned his quest.
He wrapped the handles of the bagged lunch around his wrist and carefully balanced the to-go cup in his free hand. He locked the apartment door behind him, clambered down the stairs with the dread of being evicted nipping at his heels. He looked back over his shoulder for any sign of Frank trailing close behind.
He crossed the parking lot to his car. Its blown engine was leaking oil and had created quite a puddle on the pavement. The apartment manager had placed another letter on the windshield threatening to have it towed, at Max's expense. He opened the car's door and tucked the notice in with the others that were overflowing the dashboard. He slammed the door and hiked across town.
The clock tower chimed twelve bells as Max meandered along the sidewalk lined with quaint storefronts. With sweat pouring from his brow, he approached a bench that advertised Elegant Watches and gave it a swift kick in the bulls-eye before he sat down. He held the Styrofoam cup loosely between his clasped hands as he leaned forward, resting his forearms on his legs. He casually scouted the surrounding businesses for Help Wanted signs. The evidence of economic crumbling was a creeping tide of boarded-up windows, vacant parking lots and unused parking meters. He despairingly bowed his head and closed his eyes. Something broke the surface of his lukewarm coffee and splashed the brown liquid onto his hands.
He lifted his head and witnessed a woman walking away closing her purse. He waited until she was out of sight, cupped his hand over the opening, tilted the mouth of the to-go cup down, and poured the coffee onto the concrete. He let the handful of wet coins slide into his hand. He made a quick count before stuffing the damp change into his pocket. Counting the nickel already there, his net worth was a whopping ninety-six cents.
Max took the onion sandwich from the bag, unwrapped it from the aluminum foil, and took a bite. He suddenly became aware of the bulge in his front pocket. He set his lunch down, reached into his trousers, and removed a lumpy, yellow-stained napkin. He peeled back the paper and exposed a dry weenie lodged in between a stale bun with a layer of crusty mustard. He shrugged and took a bite.
Across the street, a sudden gust of wind caught a large metal sign that was hanging in front of Miller’s Toy Store and banged it against the building. He turned his head and watched a whirlwind, birthed by an unseen force of nature, swirl and gather debris from the ground. It scurried toward him and unwound itself at his feet. He leaned down and picked up a sheet of paper out of a handful of leaves. As he read the flyer to himself, the words sparked hope in him, and he jumped up shouting, “Hallelujah! I'm saved!”
Max wrapped the last bite of hotdog in the napkin and stuffed it back into his pocket. Squashing the foil around the sandwich, he deposited the remains into a waste can. With a smile on his face, and clutching the flyer in his hand, he stepped down into the street without noticing the oncoming traffic. A horn blasted.
He felt a hard punch as a chrome bumper struck him broadside. He crumpled under the force and came to rest on the unyielding surface with the clouds spinning in crazy circles above his head. He heard a car door slam and a face eclipsed the afternoon sun.
“I couldn't stop in time. Are you hurt?”
“Ohhhhh,” Max groaned. When the spinning stopped, he slowly sat up, and placed the palm of his hand on the side of his head. “Owwwww.”
“Oh my God!” The woman frantically dug through her purse until she found her cell phone. She nervously pointed to the street. “Lay back down. I'm calling 9-1-1!”
As Max settled back onto his asphalt mattress, his head tapped against the pavement with a ripe-sounding thunk. He lay there staring up at the sky.
A curious crowd began gathering around him and another face glided in, hovering within inches of his own. It was so close, that he could almost count the hairs inside the nose. Bloodshot eyes darted back and forth with a rhythm of concern and a man's voice drawled out, “Are you okay, Mister?”
Max began to feel like a fish in a bowl. He felt a stir of anger and sprang upright, barely avoiding a collision with the man's face. He glared at the crowd that had closed in around him. “Get out of here, all of you! There's nothing to look at!”
The onlookers shrank back, but remained tethered to the sight of the short, round man sitting at the center of the drama.
Max pointed to the nether regions of the street and shouted, “I said, GET OUT OF HERE, PEOPLE!” He jumped up and snatched the cell phone from the woman's hand. “I don't need an ambulance.” He closed the phone and handed it back to her. He ran both hands down his sides from his shoulders to his knees. “See? I'm fine.”
With a sweep of her hand, she sent a damp cord of mahogany-colored hair away from her brow, exposing an irritated expression. “I can see that you are,” came her tight reply. Her coffee-brown eyes shifted to the receding crowd. “Everyone was concerned and wanted to help. It's human nature.”
Max rolled his eyes and retorted with a cynical, “HAH! They're just looking for any distraction from their mundane and un-eventful lives.”
“Okay.” She shoved the phone back into her purse. “That's your opinion.” Sympathy crept in, supplanting her displeasure. “Are you sure that you’re all right?”
Max tentatively touched the lump growing on his head. “Yeah, I'm all right. Just a little bruised.”
“You should really have a doctor look at that.” She reached out to touch the knot.
He impulsively slapped her hand out of the way. “I’m okay. Stop making such a big fuss over a little bump.”
“You can never tell about those things. You should let me take you to the emergency room.” Her caring nature led her hand back toward the injury. “You could have a concussion.”
Max jerked away from the approach of her hand. “If I want to go to the E.R. then I’ll take myself.”
She dropped her hand and looked around. “Where’s your car?”
Max’s patience completely caved in and he scowled. “Just get out of here and leave me alone.”
“Okay. I think your head is hard enough to take the bump I gave you.” She glanced at her wristwatch. “And now, I’m running late.”
He pointed to her watch. “That's an Elegant Watch.”
She glanced down at her wrist. “That's right.”
He pointed to his own and his lips parted into a large, toothy grin. “Just like mine.” His words trailed off into an awkward silence that split the conversation in half.
The split quickly eroded into a chasm and her face held a look of confusion as she gave him a semi-polite nod. Then she bridged the gap. “Well, okay. I'm going now. My car is illegally parked.” She moved toward the small, blue hybrid that was sitting cockeyed next to an unfed parking meter. She stopped, turned, and called back, “Are you sure that you're okay?”
“I said I am OH-KAY! Now go away and quit harassing me!”
Her concern was withered by his sharp tongue. She opened the door to her car.
“Hey,” Max yelled.
She stopped and turned around.
“It was nice running into you.”
She looked perplexed.
“Never mind.”
She waved him off and got into her car.
Max muttered to himself, “Nice running into you? That was stupid.” He watched her drive away until she disappeared around the corner. He bent down and reclaimed the solution to his problems from the ground. He looked at the address on the flyer and limped the three blocks with a throbbing knot on his head.

Chapter 5

The bell over the solid-wood door jingled as Max gently pushed it ajar and peeked inside. “Hello?” Silence and the smell of old books permeated the air. “Anybody here?” The silence persisted, so he widened the gap and slipped inside. He lingered in the artificial light of the windowless room and looked around at the many shelves haphazardly stuffed with ancient leather-bound volumes and an assortment of strange and unusual items.
He walked over to one of the shelves and picked up a witch doctor's mask. He held it over his face and jumped when he caught his reflection in a mirror across the room. He tossed it back down, gathered up a book from the dusty shelf, and read the title to himself. He began thumbing through the tattered-edged pages.
“It's a classic,” a male voice came from somewhere in the shop.
Max slammed the book closed. “What?” He placed it back on the shelf.
A tall, slender man, topped with white hair, appeared from behind one of the bookshelves. “Moby Dick, it's a classic.”
“How did you know what I was looking at?”
The man pointed to the ceiling. “Security camera.” He eyed Max curiously. “Are you a collector?”
Max feigned interest in the oddities surrounding him. He recalled his own collection of disposable dining-ware and infomercial bargains overflowing from his cabinets and nodded his head. “You might say that.”
The tall man glided across the wood floor to Max and extended his hand. “Mr. Sanderson.”
Max placed his own into Sanderson's and shook it. “Max.”
Sanderson released his grip and studied Max’s disheveled clothes and the knot on his head. “It looks like you had a little scuffle.”
Max lightly touched the painful knot and mumbled. “Yeah, with some lunatic that shouldn’t have a driver’s license.”
Concern enveloped the old man's face. “Would you like for me to call EMS?”
“No. I'm fine.”
The concerned look quickly vanished and was replaced by a warm smile. “Are you here to add to your collection?”
Max shook his head and pulled the folded paper out of his pocket, spreading it out; he tapped his finger on the crinkled page. He turned on his one-hundred watt smile and flashed it at Sanderson. “It says here that you’re looking for some help.”
“I see. Well, I’m sorry, but the position has already been taken. The flyers went out weeks ago.”
The wattage of his grin dimmed and winked out. Max hung his head as he sank instantly into despair. The Big-Guy-in-the-Sky had tied a solution on a string, and when Max had gotten close enough to grasp it, He had yanked it away, teasing Max Fagan for His own amusement. How had he become one of God's chosen few? His cheeks and ears flushed with anger. “Dammit! That figures.” He wadded the paper and tossed it at the wastebasket next to an old roll-top desk.
Mr. Sanderson watched the ball of paper sail over the rim and hit the bottom. He turned back to Max. “You sound disappointed.”
Max lowered his head and grumbled, “I'm way past disappointed.” With a bleak future staring him in the face, he raised his head and readied himself to trudge out the door, return to the apartment complex, and face eviction. Two words stamped on a wooden box caught his attention and caused his gray eyes to become deep pools of curiosity. He stuck a finger out and pointed across the room. “What's that?”
Sanderson turned his head in the direction where Max was pointing. “Interesting piece. It's from a time of turmoil, when an evil man vied for power and control.”
Max's gaze strayed from the curio and locked in on Sanderson. “Power? Control?”
“Would you like to see it?”
Max's interest led his eyes back to the oddity. He nodded. “Yeah.”
Sanderson escorted him to a scarred, plank table displaying the square, wooden box. The words TOP SECRET were embossed in bold, red letters over the original German writing. He unhinged the clasp and removed the lid.
Max looked the contraption over. It was about the size of an old portable record player, equipped with slider bars, knobs, and the keys of an antique typewriter. Two metal rods that looked like an old rabbit-eared television antenna were placed within a few inches of each other and telescoped several feet up from the back. A long strand of twisted wires snaked out the side and were attached to a large tarnished copper ring. Vacuum tubes sprouted from the top of the box like glass toadstools and surrounded a small silver disc with a familiar and unsettling icon embossed in its center.
Max stepped back. “Is that what I think it is?”
Sanderson ran his finger over the swastika and nodded. “Yes. It belonged to the Third Reich.”
Max cautiously leaned over the emblem as if it were a lethal snake ready to strike. “What does the machine do?”
Sanderson shrugged. “I don’t know. Let's find out.” He uncoiled a long wire from the back of the machine and ducked behind the table holding the plug in his hand. A moment later, he popped back up and flipped a toggle switch. The tubes began to swell with an orange glow and the air filled with the smell of scorched dust. The silver disc began a slow rotation and a small arc of electricity leapt from the axis of the spinning swastika and crept up between the rods like a fuzzy, blue, electric caterpillar. When it reached the top, it popped, and shot a bolt of electricity into the air that almost nipped Max on the nose.
He jumped back. “What's the purpose of that?”
“Maybe we should look at the owner's manual.” Sanderson suggested.
“Owner's manual?”
“It's in the attic. I'll get it.”
Max watched with uncertainty as another arc of electricity leapt from the disc and began its ascent to the top of the rods.
The brass bell above the door announced a visitor and a well-dressed, middle-aged man wearing a panama hat walked in.
Sanderson turned to Max. “Pardon me for a moment.” He reached out and flipped the toggle switch off. “Don't leave.” He turned and called out, “Mr. Habersham.” He walked over to the counter and stood behind the wooden antique cash register. “I have your special order, pristine condition, I might add.” He reached down and pulled out an old book.
The man took the volume from Sanderson’s hand and gave a smile of approval. He ran his fingers reverently over the cover, opened it, and flipped through the pages. He nodded his head with satisfaction. He carefully set the book on the counter, and from his pocket, removed a gold clip stuffed with money. He pulled the currency from the slide and silently counted it out onto the countertop. He slapped the last bill on top of the stack and removed his hand. “I believe this is the price we agreed upon.”
Max furtively watched Sanderson pick up the cash and re-count it. “That's correct.”
Mr. Habersham tipped his hat, tucked the book beneath his arm, and the bell announced his departure.
Mr. Sanderson rang up the purchase and organized the money into the slotted tray of the register.
Max's synapses fired, and from a silver flash of light, Charley Axon from his nightmares showed up rubbing his hands together with a plan for quick cash.
Sanderson closed the drawer, removed a skeleton key from his pocket, locked the drawer, and neatly tucked the key back into his trousers.
He rejoined Max. “Now, where were we?” His eyes brightened with instant recall. “I remember, the manual. I have it stored in the attic and it may take a little while to find it. Do you still want to look it over?”
Charley was still inside Max's head dancing around the open cash drawer and throwing handfuls of money in the air. The image of Charley cleared and he looked at Sanderson. “Sure. I’ll take a look.”
Sanderson nodded. “I'll be right back.”
Max waited for the old man’s footsteps to fade. He found a stool and set it beneath the security camera.
“Max?” Mr. Sanderson poked his head out from behind the bookshelf.
Max spun around and sat down on the stool. He strummed his fingers nonchalantly against the sides, while looking around the room pretending interest in the vast inventory of odd collectibles. He wished he could whistle.
“Would you keep an eye on the front for me and let me know if a customer comes in?” He pointed at the camera. “I won't be able to see the monitor from the attic.”
Max nodded his head. “Sure.” He continued his casual survey of the inventory.
Sanderson eyed him with concern. “Are you okay?”
“Fine.”
Sanderson’s concern reduced to a point of thoughtfulness in his blue eyes. “Okay, I’ll be as quick as I can.” He disappeared once more behind the shelf.
Being caught was a liability that Max did not want to risk. He followed Sanderson's path to where the old man had disappeared behind the shelf. He stuck his head around the corner and watched the store owner tread across the wood floor to a narrow door on the other side of the room.
Sanderson opened it, ducked beneath the overhang, and let the door slam behind him.
Max heard the creak of stairs as he listened to Sanderson ascend to the attic. A minute later, the sound of creaking boards and shuffling feet rained down from overhead.
Max climbed on top of the stool and unscrewed the coaxial cable from the back of the camera in case the event was being recorded. Giving up a life of larceny had lasted exactly four hours, twenty-three minutes and ten seconds. He climbed down and hurried back to the counter.
A quick search of the drawers produced no spare key. He jiggled the drawer on the cash register. “Come on. Open.” He found a small container filled with paperclips and dumped them out. They splashed across the countertop. He untangled one from the pile and straightened it out. He had seen a method like this used many times—in the movies. He bent down and plugged the paperclip into the lock. He placed his ear close to the catch and listened as he gently twisted the stiff wire. He was not sure what he was listening for, but the only thing he could hear was the futile scratching of the paperclip on metal. Max jiggled the drawer. No such luck. The bite the tumblers had on the lock remained intact. It refused to open. His frustration grew and he shook the drawer until it rattled violently. He stood back and gave the register a hard rap with his fist. “Bastard.” If the cash drawer would not open with the methods of a refined thief, then he would need to resort to something more drastic to get the register to relinquish its treasure.
He gave the room a quick scan and saw Charley standing next to the fireplace pointing to a cast-iron poker. Max smiled at his luck, then swiftly walked across the room and retrieved the tool. He brought it back to the counter and addressed the register defiantly. “Now let's see you stay locked.” He cocked his arm and raised the poker high above his head, ready to reduce the antique into a pile of splinters.
The knob on the entrance door rattled.
Charley disappeared and left Max frozen in the act.
The bell jingled as the large wooden door flew open and bumped against the rubber doorstop. The person stood there glaring at him.
His opportunity for quick cash perished, so he quickly dropped the poker to his side; letting it slip from his fingers and fall to the floor with a loud clang. He shoved it beneath the counter using the toe of his shoe. Under fire from his own judgment, he nervously shifted his weight back and forth on the soles of his Corrigan loafers. “Look, it's not what you think.”
He was anchored by a pair of eyes that made silent accusations. He pointed his finger and hurled a string of words barbed with anger. “Don't look at me like that. You don't know what I'm going through and you don't have the right to judge me.” He dropped his hand. “Forget it. I don't need to explain myself. I'm out of here.” He stomped to the door. “Excuse me.”
“Hey, Max.” Mr. Sanderson appeared around the corner holding the book in one hand. “I found it much faster than expected and it's written in both German and English.” He noticed the newcomer standing at the doorway. “Good afternoon, I’ve been expecting you.”
“Good afternoon, Mr. Sanderson.” The woman puzzled over Max and stepped forward.
“I see that you've met my new assistant, Miss Ronnie Lake.”
Max responded with a wide-eyed nod. Oh yeah, this day was getting better by the minute.
She frowned. “We’ve met.” Her frown morphed into a satisfied smile. She peppered her words with sarcasm and fired them at Max. “I had the distinct pleasure of running into him on the street.”
He began to squirm uncomfortably.
Sanderson turned to Ronnie. “I have some letters that need to be taken to the post office and mailed out. Could you take care of that now?”
She swished her head to one side and stormed over to the front desk, picked up a handful of letters, and left with a slamming of the door.
Sanderson's brow furrowed. “I wonder what all that was about?” He shrugged off the episode and nodded his head toward the other side of the room where the machine had grown cold. “Now, let's find out how this thing works.” He walked away.
Max joined him at the table and motioned to the typewriter keys. “What are those for?”
Sanderson opened the book, began strumming through the pages, and then stopped. “It says here, the keys are for typing in a command. I guess like a home computer.” He returned to referencing the book. “In those days, the most powerful processor was the human brain.” He pointed to the copper ring. “That's the reason for the headgear.” He peeled the pages back to the first chapter and read aloud. “The human brain generates a faint electromagnetic field that is able to rapidly transmit and receive information in the form of coherent light waves that we call thought.”
Max pointed to the machine. “But what does it do?”
“This is a thought amplifier. It magnetizes a person's thoughts and causes them to manifest in the physical world.” He closed the book. “To put it simply, this apparatus is like a direct line to The Universe. You type in a question, you get an answer. Whatever you think about, happens.” He stepped up to the machine. “Let's try a simple demonstration.” He picked the ring up from the tabletop. “Put this on.”
Max took a step back.
“Don't worry, it'll just be a small test.” Sanderson pondered for a moment. “You could visualize getting a job.”
“Why would I want to do something like that? I could go straight to the solution. I'll visualize money. A whole lot of money. More money than I could spend in a lifetime.” He stepped back up to the machine, grabbed the ring out of Sanderson's hand, and plopped it on his head. “Okay, turn that thing on.” He thought about his recently purchased lottery ticket. “Maybe I'll win the lottery or something like that.”
As he continued to read in the manual, Sanderson flipped the toggle switch on, and the arc of electricity leapt from the disc to the rods and crawled upwards. He quickly skimmed his finger over a line, jerked his head up, and blurted out, “You've got to clear your mind and focus on one single thought.”
Max's synapses fired and his eyes locked on a portrait hanging on the wall as he conjured up a vision of money. A jagged bolt of electricity flew from the tips of the rods and popped the copper ring, knocking him to the floor. He suddenly found himself tumbling through a gray mass of clouds and some kind of weird electrical storm. Charley emerged out of the tempest riding a bolt of lightning toward Max with his hand held up in a high-five fashion. A clap of thunder sounded throughout the heavens as their hands met.
Max's eyes popped open and he saw Sanderson leaning over him. He sat up and yanked the copper ring from his head.
Sanderson stepped back.
Max struggled up from the floor and shook off the dazed feeling clinging to him. He reached down, turned out his pockets, and presented his ninety-six cents and a set of keys. “Well, that didn't work.” He shoved the items back into his pocket and lowered his gaze to the floor. A look of surprise rose to his face. “Oh my God!” He stooped down and surfaced a second later pinching a penny between his fingers. He turned to Sanderson. “Five trillion more of these and I'll have a million dollars.” Disheartened, he tossed the penny onto the top of the table. “It's no wonder the Germans lost the war.”
Sanderson reached out and flipped the toggle switch off. The disc came to a slow stop and the orange glow from the tubes faded to black. The blue, electric caterpillar popped and went out leaving a heavy smell of ozone hanging in the air. “If you're not interested....”
Max glanced down at the penny on the table and then looked up at the portrait of Abraham Lincoln he had seen the moment before he was zapped. Max quickly dismissed his skepticism. He could imagine bigger and better. Max imagined himself sitting on a mountain of cash, big house, nice clothes, beautiful women, and an expensive sports car. All he needed was one more chance to hold this vision inside his head to trip the light fantastic and manifest his dreams, and this time he wouldn’t stumble or need to buy the machine.
Sanderson closed the lid.
“Wait! How about one more demonstration?”
Sanderson shook his head. “Only one per customer.” Sanderson snapped the clasps into place.
“How much?”
“Five-hundred.”
Max reached up and tugged at his chin as he mulled over his decision. “Okay, I’ll take it.” He gave Sanderson a sly grin. “Will you take a check?” Mr. Sanderson hesitated and got a look on his face that Max interpreted as mistrust, but the old man surprisingly replied with a smile and nod of the head. Max pulled out the checkbook from his back pocket and laid it on the table. He frisked himself and came up empty. “No pen.”
Sanderson removed one from his breast pocket and handed it to him.
Max quickly scribbled out a hot check and pressed it, along with the pen, into Sanderson's hand. He took the manual from the storeowner and grabbed the heavy case by the handle. “I've really got to go.” He headed for the door.
“Wait.”
Max stopped and nervously turned around, hoping that the old man had not sensed something false about the check.
Sanderson folded it and tucked it away. He nodded at the machine. “It has a lot of power. With great power comes great responsibility.”
Max felt relief at not being caught in any wrongdoing and replied, “I don't want power or responsibility. I just want to get to the good life quick and easy.”
Ronnie had appeared in the doorway in time to overhear his comment. She skipped a hollow glance off him and made a wide berth as if to avoid touching something completely revolting.
Max rushed out.

Chapter 6

With his new power-in-a-box dangling from the tips of his fingers on one hand and the manual in the other, Max arrived at the bus stop. He placed the machine down on the bench, put the book on top of it and planted himself next to them. He pulled his shirt from the restraints of his waistband and wiped the sweat from his brow. He squinted up at the cornflower-blue sky and wished for clouds.
He looked down at the machine and felt guilty for taking advantage of the shop owner, but he was accustomed to Axon showing up and coercing him into despicable deeds. Max pushed the thoughts buzzing around inside his head of there could be serious repercussions for his actions today to the back of his mind. Getting caught was the least of his worries. He looked up at the relentless sun, tugged at his sweat-soaked shirt glued to his skin, and glanced at his watch. He considered abandoning his wait for the bus to spend his fare money on a cherry-flavored Mega Frosty in the cool sanctuary of Oliphant’s convenience store across the street. Just as he stood and readied himself to wade through the traffic, municipal bus fifty-three made the corner. It pulled to the curb in front of him and hissed to a stop. The doors opened out and he stepped up to the loading platform. A rush of cool air cascaded down the metal steps and collided into him. He stood motionless, closed his eyes, and blissfully let the cool air wash away the heat from his body. He heard the driver clear his throat. He looked up and the bus driver's sullen face was glowering down at him.
The driver ended Max's thoughtless basking with a sarcastic cliché. "Are you trying to air-condition the entire neighborhood? We’re on a schedule here."
Max jumped on board, set the apparatus down, and dug down in his pocket for the handful of coins from his encounter with the passing philanthropist. He counted out the exact change and dropped it into the coffer. He made a mental note that his stash had quickly dwindled down to one shiny coin and returned it to his pocket. The driver pushed the handle and the double doors closed.
Max picked up the case, turned down the aisle, and spied an available seat. The driver released the brakes with a pneumatic hiss and the bus jerked forward. The kinetic reaction propelled Max toward the back and slammed him down onto the skid-free rubber matting. The sound of rustling papers filled the air as some of the passengers lowered their newspapers and magazines to peek over the edges.
He gathered himself up from the floor along with the book and his oversized baggage. He sat down, turning his face to the window to avoid the prying eyes of the previously bored commuters and hoped that they would quickly lose interest and return to their headlines and articles.
Max continued to stare out the window absorbed in the zigzag journey and ignored the frequent stops and the interchanging flux of passengers. The areas of commerce peeled away and they were swapped for small cottages with flowers blooming along white picket fences. Bus fifty-three eventually rolled into an area where the neighborhood was much less picturesque and much more familiar to Max.
The driver slowed the bus. "Fifth and Main."
Max stood up, waited for the bus to come to a complete stop before he reached down, and claimed his new prized possessions. He struggled up the aisle to the front. The doors opened, he stepped out into the heat, and heard the doors close behind him. The bus skimmed past with a hiss and a cough, leaving him standing on an empty street corner in a plume of noxious fumes. He stepped up on the sidewalk and trekked the remaining four blocks to the Coral Reef Apartments.
He entered the parking lot, and taking a break before braving the stairs, he set the case on the concrete and plunked down on top of it. He used the loose end of his shirt-tail to sop up the sweat streaming down his face.
From a distance, he watched a figure emerge from the waves of heat and walk toward him. It waved its arms in the air and called out, "Max, I need to talk with you." The figure began to trot.
Max bounced up from the comfort of the case and snatched it up. He did a quickstep across the parking lot, lugging his belongings while looking back over his shoulder.
The figure broke into a run.
Max took off across the overgrown courtyard and clambered up the stairs with the case bumping loudly against the railings. When he did a quick check back over his shoulder again, the figure was closing in. Max trotted across the landing to his door, set the machine down, and dropped the book. As he scrambled through the deep lining of his pockets for his keys, he could hear the sound of footsteps thundering up the stairwell.
The approaching footsteps stopped. "Hey," the man yelled.
Max fumbled through the keys, singled out a copper colored one and shoved it into the lock.
The rhythm of footfall double-timed. "Don’t run from me, Max! It won't do you any good!"
Max gave the key a sharp turn and kicked the door open. He grabbed both the contraption and book from the landing. He ran inside and slammed the door closed. He locked the dead bolt and leaned against the door with the sound of his heart thundering in his eardrums. He let the items drop to the floor and let out a sigh of relief.
The footsteps stopped at the threshold of Max's apartment.
He pressed an eye to the peephole and saw a sweaty, pissed-off Frank wavering in the heat.
Frank beat his fist against the door.
The pounding rattled the chain on the safety lock and sent a startled Max reeling away, to stand in the middle of the room facing the door, gasping for breath.
Frank's muffled voice penetrated the thin barrier of the hollow-core door. "Max, I need the rent today." Another burst of rapid-fire bangs vibrated the pictures hanging on the wall. "Hiding in there is only going to make things worse." A short span of silence followed Frank's threat, then the impatient pacing of hard-soled shoes scuffing against the concrete and a string of curses shattered the hush. The barrage of curses settled into more silence, and after a few moments, Max began to grow suspicious. He returned to the door and placed an ear against it in time to hear Frank’s footsteps retreating to the other end of the landing. Another string of curses erupted, and the clatter of his shoes bounded down the stairs and faded out.
The entire day and the narrow escape from Frank had taken their toll. Max collapsed on the couch and closed his eyes on the fringe of a fitful sleep that often brought on nap-mares that made absolutely no sense. A grainy black and white scene of the apartment complex popped inside his head.
Frank showed up on the stairwell dressed in black. He twisted his handlebar moustache, pointed a finger at Max, and silently moved his lips. The unvoiced words were interpreted as white letters against a black background: "I'm evicting you from the farm!" Max dramatically rolled his eyes and batted his eyelashes in distress, and with both hands, tugged the sides of his bonnet down. He silently mouthed the words: "Oh No!" He grabbed his long white gown, hiked the skirt up above his granny boots, and ran. Frank chased Max up and down the stairs with dramatic piano music clanking in the background.
Max startled awake to find himself in the solitude of his apartment. Heavy pounding against the window rattled the pane. He bolted upright on the couch and saw Frank's face smashed against the glass and his fist beating on the window. Max jumped up from the couch and dashed across the room to close the curtains. A second before he arrived at the window, Frank swooped away.
Max pressed his face against the glass and saw Frank riding an oversized eviction notice through the air like a magic carpet. He sat in the middle of the document cross-legged and with his arms folded across his chest. The sapphire on his turban sparkled in the glow of the sun as he circled the courtyard like a hawk waiting for its prey.
Frank glided in to hover above the landing in front of Max’s door. He uttered a host of foreign words, and with a long un-manicured fingernail, pointed at the door. A ribbon of jagged electricity leapt from the tip of his finger and struck the knob, creating a shower of sparks that fell to the ground. Frank uttered a cryptic spell of legal jargon littered with profanity and the apartment door magically opened. Frank sailed in and dove at him.
Max woke up clawing at the empty air where the apparition of Frank had appeared in his nightmare. He jumped up from the couch and dashed over to the window. He slowly pulled the curtain back a few inches and peered through the narrow gap. He saw Frank talking with two men in uniform standing next to a white panel-van. Max's eyes widened with terror as he read the words, Magic Carpet Cleaners. He could not swear to it, but the genie in the graphics displayed on the side of the vehicle slightly resembled Frank. He shoved the curtain back into place and spun around.
As he stood there with his back pressed to the wall, he snapped his fingers. He had a genie, an electric genie, and all he had to do was plug it into the wall.
He rushed over to the coffee table, and with a single swipe of his hand, he pushed the watch pieces and electronic parts over the edge where they joined the clutter on the floor. He retrieved the machine and placed it in the middle of the emptied space. He uncoiled the cord from the back of the box and inserted the plug into an empty wall socket. He tossed the unopened book down onto the chronically messy carpet. In his experience, owner's manuals were not needed most of the time anyway. If he did read one, he could not understand the technical jargon and the bits and scraps of worthless knowledge only served to confuse him.
Besides, he knew what to do. He removed the lid and set it aside. A flip of the toggle switch sucked electrons from the outlet and sent them flowing through the cord and into the tubes. They instantly glowed orange and began to heat. He sat down, picked up the ring, and carefully avoiding the painful knot, slipped it over his head. It was easy to visualize what a successful Max looked like. The hard part was muzzling the other thoughts that begged for his attention.
A spark of electricity jumped from the slow turning disc, and as it crawled up the rods, he looked the apparatus over and thought that maybe Sanderson had taken a few spare parts from other things and doctored up an old record player. He began to feel that he may have fallen victim to a wicked prank or scam and purchased a worthless piece of junk. But it would be Max with the last laugh. He envisioned the evil Mr. Sanderson gleefully taking the check to the bank and discovering that there were insufficient funds to cover the amount.
The slow moving arc reached the summit of the rods and jumped to the metal ring sitting on his head. Again, he was spinning out of control through the mass of gray clouds and weird electrical storm. His vision expanded to a winter scene with snow falling and a ragged Mr. Sanderson begging from a street corner with a tin cup in his shaking hand. A well-dressed Max meandered to the corner and compassionately reached down into his pocket and pulled out a copper penny. He tossed it in the cup. The coin hit the bottom with a rattle. The rattle transformed into the sound of a telephone ringing from an old-style wooden booth across the street.
The phone rang again.
Max struggled to wake up and liberate himself from the blanket. His vision had carried him through the night. He bolted straight up, removed the ring from his head, and switched the machine off as the phone rang for the fifth time.
He reached down and freed his cell phone from the captivity of his back pocket on the sixth ring. He managed a weak, "Hello."
A familiar male voice on the other end of the line grumbled, "Fagan."
A lump of resentment broke loose from the pit of his stomach and shot straight up into his throat. It lodged there. He managed to clear the obstruction and spit out, "What do you want, Follis?"
Follis confronted the question with a disgruntled tone. "I want to hang you out to dry, but it looks like it's out of my hands."
Max uttered, "What are you talking about?"
"Look, Fagan, if I need to talk to a man, I want to be looking directly at him, eyeball to eyeball. How soon can you drag your carcass out of bed and be in my office?"
"Thirty minutes."
"Make it twenty." Follis hung up.

Chapter 7

Max dressed swiftly in his bargain-basement attire and finished off his wardrobe with an obsolete tie. Certain the old man would leave him sitting outside the glass cubicle stewing in the suspense, he glanced around the apartment for something to occupy his mind with during the wait. He grabbed the only available reading material in the apartment, the machine's manual, and dashed out the door. On Main Street, he passed Mr. Wong’s hotdog stand and the Chinese gentleman bowed politely. Anger refreshed itself when he thought of the old Chinese guy keeping his change. Max glanced at his watch. He had a few minutes to spare. He changed his course and stomped his way over to the stand.
“Ahhhhh, Max,” Wong said in a gentle voice. “You still seeking change?”
Max held out his open palm. “Hand it over!”
“First, you must get understanding.” Wong took a slight bow.
“Oh, I understand. I understand that you swindled me out of my money.”
“First lesson: Your perception is the foundation of your reality. Change your perception and the appearance will automatically change itself.”
“I didn’t sign up for your course in Eastern philosophy!” Max frowned.
“Everything is mind. Your consciousness creates your reality.”
“Your ridiculous babbling is really starting to piss me off.” Max’s cheeks flared red as he clenched his fist. “I’ve got to go, but the next time that I see you,” Max pressed his lips into a thin faux smile and unfurled his fist, lifted a hand and pointed a finger at Mr. Wong. “you’d better have my change.” He spun around and stomped away. As he continued to walk, his encounter with Wong faded and his head filled with questions over the nature of Old Man Fossil’s call.
As Max neared the corner, he saw a man sitting with his back against the wall of the music store.
“Hey, buddy, got a little spare change for a guy down on his luck?” The beggar rattled the few coins already in his tin cup.
Max skidded to a stop with a look of bewilderment on his face.
“What's the matter, friend? You look like you've seen a ghost.” A single white flake drifted down and settled on the shoulder of the man's ragged shirt.
Max held out his open palm and a few flakes floated down and roosted there. He tilted his head to the sky and watched as more flakes drifted down. A loud bang startled him. He jerked and turned around.
Across the street, in front of Raymond's Bar-B-Que, a young man lifted a chunk of burnt wood from the tray of a wheelbarrow and tossed it into the back of a pickup. Another young man stood on top of the restaurant’s roof. Using a rope, he hoisted a bucket from the mouth of a smoke stack, walked it over to the edge of the roof and poured the ashes down into the bed of the truck in a steady stream. The finer particles managed to stray from their intended destination and settle on the roof of the cab. Some sifted down the doors and coated the Sanders and Sons magnetic sign on the side of the vehicle. The lighter silt floated away on the breeze like a flurry of snow. The similarities to his dream sent a chill running down Max's spine. Before the thought could become a runaway reaction and spin out of control he cast it out and declared to himself that this was one of Wong’s tricks. Somehow the old Chinese oracle had gotten inside his head and twisted reality.
The beggar rattled the cup again. “How 'bout it? Got some change you can spare?”
Confident that he’d been somehow mesmerized Max chuckled, twisted back around, and dug down into his pocket. He felt a single coin resting at the bottom, tweezed it in between the tips of two fingers, and pulled it out. The lone penny was the last of the change from his accidental panhandling the day before. He spread his fingers and it dropped into the tin with a clank.
The fellow returned a toothless grin. “Thanks, buddy.”
Max did not wait around to return a, you're welcome and hurried away. 
Follis looked up and made note of the time as he watched Max slip through the door and slink down the aisle—ten minutes late.
Max met the awkward silence of the production line with a raised brow and a shrug, leaving unasked questions lingering in his wake. The wait Max had anticipated was vetoed when Follis waved him inside immediately. With the manual tucked under his arm, he entered the glass office and closed the door.
Mr. Follis rested his elbows on the desktop with his thick fingers intertwined, forming a steeple. He nodded his head at the empty chair on the other side of the desk. “Sit down.”
Max sat down on the hard, wooden seat, settled back, and cocked one arm over the back of the chair. “So, what's so important that you need to be eyeball to eyeball with me?”
The Old Fossil's gray eyes flickered. He paused and let the silence hang in the air and ripen with suspense. “You and your partner are going up to see the branch president on the top floor. With an escort, of course.”
“My partner?”
Follis jabbed his finger against the little red button. “It's Follis. I need security to take Mr. Fagan up to the top floor.” He pointed at the glass door. “Wait outside my office.”
The wooden chair squawked as Max stood up and shoved it back. He left the office, retreated to a row of empty chairs partitioned off from the work area, away from Follis’ prying eyes, and sat down. The old man had pulled a sly trick by shifting the timing of the inevitable wait that would bring on stress from wondering what was going on. Determined not to fall into the trap, he opened the book. Absorbed in the words, he consumed the first ten pages filtered by his own understanding of the laws of physics, until a man collapsed in one of the empty chairs next to him and let out a groan. Max pivoted his head. “What's up, Ramir?”
Ramir looked straight ahead and nervously fidgeted. His usually dark complexion had faded to an ashy gray and he slumped down in his seat. He nervously combed his fingers through his thick, black hair. “What did I do?”
Max closed the book. “I'm not sure what you did.” He shrugged. “And I don't know why I'm here either. I've already been fired.”
Two security guards rounded the corner.
Max stood up without hesitation and looked into Ramir’s worried eyes. “Roll with the punches, amigo. Let's go.”
Ramir slowly rose from the seat and one of the towering guards closed in to flank him.
Security led both men to the elevator and they all took the ride up to the top floor without words.
The slow walk down the long corridor leading to the president's office became a march of contemplation for Max as he drifted in and out of a positive outlook and apprehensive thoughts. The mental tug of war ended when the hall made an abrupt stop at an oversized door with a plain, wooden chair next to it.
One of the guards motioned for Ramir to sit.
Max opened the door and stood there eyeing the spectacular view. The entire room dangled outside the building and the outer walls of the office were constructed of clear glass without any tattletale smudges or marks that would destroy the illusion of nothingness. He was wondering what was so appealing about having a glass office when a deep booming voice interrupted his survey.
“Well, don’t just stand there gawking, Max, come in and sit down.” Mr. Grantham was parked behind a small, plain desk tucked at the back of the room and was impatiently strumming his fingertips on the wooden top.
Max glanced down and felt a streak of fear as he looked through the glass floor at the traffic zipping along a busy avenue forty floors beneath his feet. A tingling sensation began in his groin and quickly worked its way into the pit of his belly. With much trepidation, he took a deep breath, and with nerves of aluminum, stepped upon the glass like an arctic explorer testing for thin ice. He carefully planted one foot in front of the other as he slowly walked across the room with the book dangling from the tips of his fingers. Each step on the clear panel yielded slightly to his weight. He felt certain the fragile integrity of the glass would shatter and send him spiraling down onto the unforgiving pavement where he would end up looking like a squashed bug on a windshield. He chased the gruesome vision out of his head and completed the perilous trek to Grantham’s desk. Panic seized him as the book slipped from his fingers. Unable to react, all he could do was watch the book plummet to the floor while he held the vision of it striking the floor and splitting the glass. In the next moment, the book landed on the floor with a solid thud, and with much relief, his premonition didn't catalyze and complete the catastrophic event. He breathed a sigh of relief and wiped the beads of sweat from his forehead with the back of his hand. With his heart pounding inside his chest, he sank down in the chair on weak knees and picked up the book from the floor.
Mr. Grantham studied Max. “You needn’t have worried.” He pointed to the glass floor. “Each panel has been tested to hold a minimum of three-thousand pounds.” He leaned forward and furrowed his brow. “Now, Mr. Fagan, it has come to my attention...”
“Hold on. I've already been fired once. Did you get me out of bed and bring me all the way up here just to fire me again?”
Grantham held up the palm of his hand like he was stuffing the question back into Max's mouth. “Now, like I was saying—it has come to my attention, that you are responsible for the new Elegant Watch Company's slogan.”
Max sank down in his chair. “The new slogan?”
“That thing about time is on your side. It's brilliant! You're a master sloganeer!”
Bug eyed, Max looked around the empty room for the intended recipient worthy of such praise. Satisfied that there was no one else in the room, he brought his eyes back to Grantham, and then pointed a finger at himself. “Who? Me?”
Mr. Grantham replied, “Don’t look so surprised.” He bounced a quick glance off the glass floor and back to Max. “I can see that you carefully plan each and every step. You look before you leap. You’re cautious. You’re not the bull in the china shop, so to speak. Congratulations Max. I am re-hiring you and giving you an office here on the top floor. You start back to work immediately. We need you to spearhead the new ad campaign.” He stood up, grabbed Max by the hand and shook it hard. “Now, send in Ramir.”
Max stood up and began to creep slowly across the glass floor the same way that he had entered.
Grantham called out, “You keep up this pace, and you’ll be in management in no time.”
Without turning around, Max held up his hand to acknowledge the comment and when he reached the exit, he opened the door and hurried through.
Ramir was waiting outside, and when he saw the look on Max's face, he slumped. “That bad, huh?”
Max laid a hand on Ramir's shoulder in a gesture of sympathy. “You're about to find out.” He walked away.
He cruised down the hall searching for his new office while trying not to look like a fish out of water. The hard task involved looking straight ahead while cutting his eyes side-to-side, straining to see the names stenciled onto the glass doors. To make matters worse, every door was open.
“You look lost,” a female voice said.
Max stopped in his tracks.
A supply cart, motored by a young woman, rolled up next to him. Her red hair was in pigtails and topped with a baseball cap. Her green eyes studied him from beneath the bill. “You're new up here. I know, because I know everybody on the top floor and I've never seen you.” She stuck out her hand. “Weedie Mitchell.” She sported an air of confidence. “Maybe you've heard of me.”
Max gave her hand a quick shake and looked her face over before he shrugged his shoulders. “Not sure.”
Weedie looked disappointed. She pulled the cap from her head. “Two years ago, I caught a fly-ball with this cap during the World Series. I leaned over the wall and snagged it right out of the centerfielder's glove.” Her eyes lit up. “Man, was he pissed. It was all over the internet and the news.” She checked in on Max again. “Remember now?”
Max jogged his memory and came up blank. He pasted on a faux smile. “Oh yeah.” He pointed his finger at her. “That was you?”
Her eyes brightened. “Yeppers, that was me.” She started rolling the cart again. “Where are you going?”
Max walked next to her. “My office. Wherever that is.”
“What's your name?”
“The name is Fagan. Max Fagan.”
“You're in luck.” She rolled past and pulled in front of him. “It so happens, I was on my way there to drop off your office supplies. Follow me. Coming through,” she yelled, as she plowed up the middle of the hall traffic.
Max glowed red and tucked his head, hoping that the journey to his office would be a short one.
As Weedie unloaded the supplies from the cart, she filled in every conceivable detail of how she had changed the face of baseball history forever. After that, she proceeded to give Max ample detail of every executive's personal life on the fortieth floor. Eventually, the conversation turned casual, and just as he was beginning to warm up to her, she planted her hands on her hips. “All done.” With that, she got out of the few sprigs of hair that Max had left on his head.
He stuffed the book into the top drawer of the desk and began the task of arranging the new supplies; not according to function or need, but by aesthetics. He stepped back and eyed his work like an artist putting the final touches of paint on a brilliant masterpiece.
With the job of organizing his desk finished, he stepped over to the window, and with his head cocked sideways and his eyes held just right, he could see the people bustling along the sidewalks on the busy street below. He shoved the window open. A small flock of blackbirds that had parked on the ledge scattered into the wind, and he stuck his head outside in time to hear the sound of their departing wings beat the air as they fluttered away.
He turned his head upward and watched the shifting clouds as they slowly untangled themselves from one another and related it to the mystery of what was happening to him. It was like unraveling a big ball of confusion inside his head one tiny knot at a time. His contemplation eventually led him to the conclusion the machine had instantly changed his life from rags to riches. The rhapsody he felt brought a huge smile to his face.
A rap on the door interrupted his introspection and he pulled his head back inside, closed the window, and turned around.
A GQ type, flashing a game-show-host smile, appeared in the doorway. He tossed his head to one side, flipping his long, blonde locks away from his blue eyes. “Hey, I’m the vice president, Kenny Miles. I personally headed the committee to choose the new icon and your slogan.” He stepped inside and nodded his head with approval at the office decor of black leather, stainless steel and smoked-glass. “Nice office.”
“Thanks.”
Kenny straightened an original Kincaid painting that was hanging on the wall before joining Max at the window. He looked out and whistled. “And what a view.” He slapped Max on the back, took him by the hand, and shook it. “You’re the hot topic at the water cooler and you're creating quite a stir in the company. Congratulations.” GQ Man released Max’s hand.
“Thanks.”
Kenny flashed a quick smile and glanced down at his watch. “Whoa! The morning is flying by. I really need to get back to my office.” He offered Max one last pat on the back and re-enforced it with a saccharine grin. He hurried out the door in a whirlwind of bogus smiles and professional corporate etiquette.
Max stared dumbfounded at the open doorway.
Ramir's face appeared around the corner and he stepped inside. He looked back over his shoulder and hiked his thumb in the air. “Man, who was that?”
Max pulled out the black leather chair that was snuggled under the glass-top desk and sat down. “His name is Kenny Miles. He's vice president of the branch and he headed the committee that selected your icon and my slogan.”
“Did he seem like a pretty nice guy?”
Max slumped in the seat, rubbed his eyes, and yawned. “I don't know; but the entire episode with him sucked the life out of me.”
Ramir looked at Max and nodded his head. “Uh oh, he's an energy vampire.”
“A what?”
“Never mind.” Ramir tossed a sealed envelope on the desk.
“What is it?”
“Bonus money. Cash. Grantham was so in awe of your greatness that he forgot to give it to you.”
“Oh yeah?” Max picked it up, ripped the seal open, and foraged through the bills. A big smile lit his face. “Wow, five-thousand smackeroos!” He kissed the money.
Ramir watched Max put the envelope into his pocket. “You're not going to keep the money, are you?”
“Sure. Why wouldn't I keep it?”
“Because, you stole it.”
“I didn't steal it. It's bonus money.”
“You know what I'm talking about. I've heard your slogan, and I know you stole a line from a classic rock song and entered it in the company's slogan contest.”
Max returned an edgy grin. “Come on, I didn’t think anyone would really take it seriously, it was meant as a joke.”
“This is serious.” Ramir held out his hands, palms up, to emphasize. “The Stones man, you stole it from the Stones.”
“I borrowed it. And it’s not like I borrowed the whole song or even an entire line. It is only a fragment,” Max justified. “There must be some legal precedent that allows for a fragment.”
“Why risk it? Just come clean before it goes too far.”
“Think about it, Ramir. If I tell upper-management what I did, I'll get fired again.”
“Why don't you present that new gadget that you’ve been working on to the board?”
He blew off Ramir's suggestion with a shake of his head. “Because it sucks.”
“How do you know? It might be a game changer.”
“Because,” replied Max, “Charley Axon told me it sucks.”
Ramir wrinkled his brow. “Who’s that? Does he work here?”
Kenny's face poked around the corner of the door. “Ahhh, Ramir. I'm glad to finally meet you. I’m Kenny Miles and I’ll be heading up the slogan project, but we'll have to catch up on handshakes later. Don't forget, this morning's meeting is in the conference room at nine sharp.” He looked at his watch. “Got to go.” He quickly withdrew from the doorway and walked down the hall whistling the new slogan's original tune.
“Did you hear what he was whistling?” Ramir looked at Max with urgency. “This is a joint project and I'm afraid that I'll get fired along with you.”
“Don’t you think he’d have already blown the whistle if he knew?”
“He’s waiting for the right moment, and when he does it’s not going to end pretty for either one of us.”
“So, what if he does? I don’t have anything to lose I was already fired.”
“Maybe so,” said Ramir. But you only have yourself to take care of, but I have a wife and kids.”
Murmurings preceded the parade of executive men and women now filling the hall.
Max waited until they had passed before he stood up. “Okay. For your family's sake, I'll think about telling the truth in the morning meeting.”
“What do you mean you’ll think about it?”
“I’ve got a lot at stake here too.”
They joined the procession of executives that were flowing into the conference room, found empty seats at the large, round table, and sat down. A cadence of laughter and casual conversation filled the room. As the suits filed in, a few of them gave a respectful nod to the two newcomers.
The routine reminded Max of his days at Pinkerton Junior High. He would always slink to the back of the class hoping to remain un-noticed by his classmates. Being noticed brought a constant barrage of insults and punches stealthily delivered to him in the lunchroom and hallways between classes. The personal violations waxed and waned like waves on a beach. When they did crash on the shore, he would sometimes find himself stuffed in a locker or being teased about his weight in front of his peers by one of the popular girls. He would find new ways to become less conspicuous and keep out of the social limelight.
As Max watched the last of the executives file through the door, he nervously tugged on his tie. As he did the box that was sitting in the middle of the table caught his eye and he balked, “Hey, they still get doughnuts.” He snagged one of the pastries dusted in white powder. “Now that we're part of the upper echelon, we get doughnuts.” He picked up a chocolate glaze and dangled it in front of Ramir’s face.
Ramir shook his head. “It’s not right. We don’t belong here.”
“Suit yourself.” Max took a bite. The sugary sweet pastry tantalized his taste buds. “Mmmmm. You don’t know what you’re missing.” He grabbed another one, wrapped it in a napkin and stuck in his pocket.
A small, mousey man entered the room. He was a social puzzle, an assortment of odds and ends coming together to form one strange individual. His neon-green glasses were perched on the bridge of his long nose. His thin frame was neatly wrapped in a red and white pinstriped suit and adorned with a bowtie of archaic patterns. He could have been Andy Warhol’s parting gift to the world. With his eyes fixed on Max, the little man navigated through the room and stopped at Max's side. He squinted through his thick lenses and extended his hand. “Bertram Keller.”
Max swallowed a bite of doughnut and wiped the powdered sugar from his mouth with the back of his sleeve. He shook the hand hovering in front of his face, and as he released his grip, he replied, “I'm Max.” He pointed at Ramir in the seat next to him. “And this is Ramir.”
Bertram continued to peer sharply at Max and then said, “It is midnight in the house of dark and light.” He turned, departed to the other side of the table, and sat down.
Max leaned over to Ramir and whispered, “Okay, that was kind of creepy.”
“Executive burn out,” Ramir whispered back. “You hear about it all the time.”
Max nodded his head in vague agreement.
Mr. Grantham marched into the conference room. The symphony of glorified chatter ceased. Silence reigned as he stood next to his designated seat and took the time to make eye contact with each person seated around the table. “We're all aware of the plan I devised to tap into the creative resources of this company to find a fresh new look for our products that would boost sales. Now, I would like to formally introduce the two enterprising young men responsible for the genius behind the company's new slogan and icon.” He smiled and nodded at the duo. “Gentleman, will you please stand so that our board of directors may recognize you. Max Fagan and Ramir Ramirez.”
Both men rose slowly from their chairs and Ramir quickly sat back down.
A light applause followed. Max made a slight bow and the applause ended as he started to return to the security of his seat.
“Stop!” Kenny Miles stood up. “Before you sit down, I just want to say that both components for the new ad campaign are brilliant pieces of work.” He thoughtfully studied Max. “But, the slogan seems very familiar.”
Ramir suddenly felt sick and sank deeper into his chair.
Kenny continued by looking up at the ceiling as he rubbed his chin. An expression of epiphany washed over his face, his hand dropped, and he used one of the fingers to point at Max. “But, I believe that is why everyone can identify with your new slogan.” Grinning, he lightly applauded. Prompted by the gesture, the rest of the executives joined in. GQ Man gave Max a wink before he sat back down and flashed a grin like a neon sign in the bad part of town.
After the applause subsided, Max buckled at the knees and collapsed in his chair.
One of the board members asked, “After the meeting, will you share with the rest of us what inspired your idea for our new jingle?”
Kenny waved off the question. “I'm sure Mister Fagan doesn't want to bore us with trivial details.”
Uncertain of what he should do, Max bobbled his head with a mixture of shakes and nods.
Ramir gave Max a remindful nudge in the side with his elbow.
“Sure.” Max responded with uncertainty in his voice.
Mr. Grantham took the podium to deliver the morning meeting in a monotone voice.
To keep his eyes open, Max focused on the clock and painfully watched the second hand slowly orbit the dial. He listened to Grantham’s words until they transformed into a smorgasbord of meaningless mind mulch. Somewhere between cost projections and profit margins, Max became lost in a daydream.
He emerged from a silver flash of light in a speeding convertible with FLY-LKN-EGL stamped on the license plate. The car raced along a stretch of highway that split the desert in two. The wind licked at the wisps of hair on his head as he shoved the accelerator to the floor. The speedometer took a quantum leap as the needle pegged out.
Max passed a billboard that read, The Truth Shall Set You Free. The car sputtered. “Uh-oh.” He craned his head and saw that the gas gauge was resting on empty. The engine died out. He coasted to the side of the road and came to rest in the shadow of second billboard.
Axon, dressed in paint-smudged coveralls, stood on a scaffold in front the blank billboard. “What’s the matter, pal? Not enough moral juice in the tank to fuel that confession of yours?”
Max looked up. “What do you want, Charley?”
Axon grinned and a stray shaft of sunlight beamed off his silver eyetooth. “I want to keep you from making a big mistake.”
Max folded his arms across his chest. “I've made up my mind. I'm going to tell the truth.”
“Do you really think that those suits want to hear the truth? No. They want to hear about how much money the company will gain from your slogan.” He cupped a hand next to his ear. “Just listen to them going on and on right now about profits and losses.”
Max shook his head. “No, Ramir’s right. I’ll have to tell them the truth before this whole thing goes too far.” He raised his hand in the air and pointed a finger at Charley. “Don’t try to talk me out of it.”
Axon dropped his hand away from his ear and rounded his eyes with soulful innocence. “I'm not trying to talk you out of anything.” He dipped the brush that he held in his hand into a bucket of black paint sitting at his feet and scrawled letters across the white background. YOU'VE GOT THE POWER.” He shrugged. “Just a little reminder, that's all.”
“The Power? What power?”
Charley jumped from the scaffold and landed in the soft dirt and a poof of dust rose from beneath the soles of his Keds PF Flyers. “You know; that German thing you stole.” He slapped a hand over his mouth and his grin expanded beyond the cover of his fingers. He let his hand slide away. “Sorry, Freudian slip. I meant that thought machine you purchased.” Charley held his hands out. “You know; the secret weapon.”
Max looked away nodding his head. “Oh yeah.”
“That's right,” said Charley. “Nobody can touch you as long as you have that. I mean, look where it's already gotten you. Think about it. Your wildest dreams are about to come true. Everything you ever wanted and more.”
A malevolent grin blossomed across Max's lips, and he cut his eyes back to Charley and nodded. “Okay, but what am I supposed to do?”
Charley shot Max a broad grin. “Lie.”
The grin disappeared. “Not this time,” Max shook his head and replied. “I promised Ramir.”
“Go ahead then, get fired again, live on the street. You can get a tin cup and hang out with the old toothless beggar.”
Max began to feel that he was tiptoeing through a minefield of confusion. The sound of the attic piranhas in the distance commenced and grew louder.
Charley cupped a hand to his ear. “Hear that? Those attic piranhas are coming to eat up your dreams for fame and fortune.”
“Screw that!” Max shot back. “For once I’m going to do the right thing.”
“And what about Ramir? What do you think is going to happen to him when the truth comes out?”
“Nothing. I'm the one that lied.”
“Yeah, keep telling yourself that. But don't worry about him, or his kids.” Charley looked smug. “I think there might be a homeless shelter or two in Camden.” He planted a finger on his chin and thoughtfully looked up to the heavens. “They could live in foster care.” His finger slipped away from his chin. He looked at Max and shook his head. “I've heard some bad stories—”
Max cringed.
“What's one little white lie gonna hurt? With that machine you have the power right at your fingertips to change your and Ramir's destinies.”
Charley's logic seemed sound enough for Max to nod his head in agreement. “Okay, I'll lie.” The sound of the attic piranhas ceased.
Axon broke out in a big grin. “That a boy.” He tipped his hat, climbed into his rusty old pickup, and started the engine. “Now, get back to that meeting and get what you deserve.” Charley gave him a half salute as he drove past. The truck roared down the highway and Axon disappeared into a shimmering pool of silver light on the horizon.
Ramir nudged Max in the side with his elbow. “Max, snap out of it, the meeting is over.”
Max blinked. A spark of semi-consciousness flickered in his eyes like a loose light bulb. He turned his head and stared blankly at Ramir. “Wha—?”
Ramir had seen more raw intelligence in the eyes of a cockroach. “I said the meeting's over. Everyone is waiting to hear how you came up with the new slogan.”
Max noticed that all eyes were locked on him. He stood up, tugged at the knot on his tie, and cleared his throat. “The slogan.” He cleared his throat again. “To tell the truth,” he paused, and remembered Charley's insight regarding the machine. “The truth is, my grandmother, before she passed away, told me that time would always be on my side.” He shrugged his shoulders up around his ears. “So, that’s how I came up with the slogan.” Max accessorized his shrug with a nervous grin and a light applause followed. He dropped his shoulders and took a skimpy bow. He tugged at Ramir’s sleeve. Under his breath, he whispered, “Let’s get out of here.” The applause quickly faded out and everyone rose from the table. “Come on,” Max urged. “Hurry.”
Ramir quickly climbed out of his chair and they weaved through the kudos and congratulating handshakes. They rushed out the door and down the hall to the sanctuary of their office.
Ramir flopped down on the sofa. “I don’t understand.” He folded his arms. “I thought you were going to tell them the truth.”
“I said that I would think about it.”
Kenny stepped through the door. “That was a very touching story you spun for the board this morning.” He left abruptly.
Max turned his head away from the empty doorway. “I can say one thing for the guy, he's got dramatic exits.”
“Forget about him,” Ramir snapped. “Why did you lie?”
With concern on his face, Max replied, “I kept thinking if I told the truth then we would both lose our jobs, and I would end up on the streets as a toothless old beggar. And you and your wife would live at the homeless shelter while your kids were placed in foster care.”
“This is a real fine mess you've gotten us into. Just how do you plan on fixing it?” Ramir asked.
Max spun his chair around to face the window. “I have a secret weapon.”
“You have a what?”
Max turned back around looking smug and confident. “You heard me; a secret weapon.”
Ramir gave Max a quirky little smile. “Wait a minute. Is this another one of your hare-brained schemes?” The smirk faded and his eyes narrowed. “Tell me it’s not.”
“No. I am telling you that I have a top-secret military device from Nazi Germany that manifests your thoughts.”
Ramir unfolded his arms. “Where did you get a machine like that?” He held up a hand. “Wait, don’t tell me. You ordered it from the back of a comic book.” He smirked. “Did it come with a magic decoder ring and X-Ray glasses?” He laughed.
Max scowled. “Make fun if you want to, but it’s true. It's from World War Two and I found it at an antique shop. It came with a book that explains how it works using the power of the mind and the laws of physics.”
Ramir cautiously stepped into the arena of Max-Logic. “How does it work?”
Max thought a moment before he replied. “The machine amplifies and magnetizes the electromagnetic fields constantly generated by the brain, and when a person uses the device, it attracts whatever they are thinking about like a magnet.”
“It sounds like something out of a bad science fiction movie. How do you know it works?”
Max looked smug. “Yesterday, I got fired. I used the machine last night to focus on my success, and here I am today working with top-level executives, and I got a bonus.”
“That machine had nothing to do with it. You and I are here because they believe that your slogan just might pull their butts out of the fire and save this company from going under.”
“The machine works,” said Max.
“Prove it.”
“I don't have the machine here with me, but I do have the book.” He dug it out of the drawer and plopped it on the desk.
Ramir got up from the sofa, walked over to the desk, and picked it up. “What's in it?”
“It contains the Secrets of The Universe.”
Ramir rolled his eyes, and with a voice that carried all the enthusiasm of a child opening his third pair of socks on Christmas morning, he replied, “Oh boy, the Secrets of The Universe.” He tossed the book down. “Well, if what you said about the brain always generating electromagnetic fields is true, then you should be able to do it to some degree without the machine. Right?”
Max remembered his earlier conversation with Mr. Wong about how mind created reality. Maybe the old Chinese sage wasn’t so crazy after all. Max jumped up from behind the desk and dropped the blinds, then skirted around a bewildered Ramir to rush over to the door and close it.
Ramir observed Max’s questionable behavior for a moment. “What are you doing?”
A few steps into the journey toward the light switch, Max turned and said, “I'm going to prove to you that this works, but first I’ve got to shut out any distractions that will keep me from focusing my mind.” He took the remainder of the steps and turned off the lights. The fluorescent bulbs flickered and winked out. Before his pupils had enough time to adjust to the dim light, Max fumbled his way back to the desk, sat down, and propped his elbows next to a stack of pens. He proceeded to cup the palms of his hands against his ears, and Ramir watched in astonishment as Max's two pinky fingers popped up.
“I’m thinking about a blonde, blue-eyed woman coming into my life.” Max squeezed his eyes tighter. “I can see her now, she's mad-hot.”
Ramir interrupted Max's cerebral courtship. “You don’t have creepy thoughts, do you?” He sat down on the corner of the desk.
Creepy thoughts? Max’s encounter with Bertram Keller popped into his head.
Three light raps on the door stopped an irate Max from hurling back a response. The door cracked open and a little bit of light poured through the gap. A face poked around the corner.
Max frowned at the intruder. “Hi, Keller.”
Bertram pushed the door open, stepped into the office, and lingered at a distance. He wore a crooked grin and performed a stiff wave with the dexterity of a wind-up toy. “Hi, guys. What are you doing in the dark?” He reached out, flipped the wall switch and flooded the room with light. He dropped his hand and looked at Max admiringly. “That was a great story that you told about your grandmother this morning. I had a granny too, but she didn’t inspire me very much. As a matter of fact, she was really mean. I remember this one time—”
Max held up his hand. “Bertram, we would love to hear the story about your granny, but we’re really busy. Could we talk about this a little later?”
The corners of Bertram's mouth turned down with the weight of disappointment. “Yeah, I guess.” He turned to the door and took a step. He stopped, retracted his step, turned back around and looked Max in the eyes. His frown faded. He broke out into a grin. “Maybe I’ll see you later and we could hang out.”
Max winced. “Maybe.”
“Okay. See you later.” Bertram pivoted and left the room, closing the door behind him.
Max got a huge grin on his face, spun around, planted a hand on each one of Ramir’s shoulders, and stared.
“What’s wrong with you?” Ramir backed away. “You’re beginning to scare me.”
“Don’t you see!” Max was still grinning big. “Creepy thoughts attract creepy things.” 
“What are you talking about?”
“You’d asked me if I had any creepy thoughts. I thought of Keller and a second later he knocked on the door. That proves it works!”
“This is nuts! You can’t make things happen using your imagination.” Ramir paused. “I'm starting to believe that you have piranhas in you attic.”
Stunned, Max's jaw dropped. “How do you know about them?”
“I overheard Doctor George on one of those talk shows my wife always watches.”
“Isn’t that the guy that got caught screwing around on his wife?”
Ramir nodded. “That's the one.”
With a hopeful look in his eyes, Max latched onto Ramir’s arms. “Did he mention a cure?”
“Don’t tell me you believe that crap.” Ramir animated his disapproval with the shake of his head. “Those PhD types are always inventing some kind of illness that they can treat. They just want to get their mugs on television with their new books so that they can get rich and famous. And as far as I am concerned the attic piranhas are as phony as they are.”
“But you just said that you thought I had them.”
I was being facetious,” said Ramir. “Let’s drop this conversation and get back to work.”
Max cupped his hands over his ears again.
Ramir looked perplexed. “What are you doing?”
“The only way to prove it works is to try again.”
“Are you talking about the mad-hot woman in your thoughts?”
“Precisely.”
Ramir sighed. “Knock yourself out.” He got a mischievous look on his face. “But no creepy thoughts this time.”
Max looked annoyed. “Thanks! Now, I’ve got creepy thoughts in my head.”
“Sorry.” Ramir chuckled. “Try again.”
“Okay, but don't blame me if something goes wrong.” He extended his pinky antennae, squeezed his eyes shut, and tried to chase the thought of creepy thoughts from his mind. “Now, I'll draw that mad-hot woman into my life.” The second hand on the wall clock made five sweeps around the dial before a blonde female walked through the door and broke the silence. “Max?”
Ramir blurted out, “Caramba!”
The woman approached Max. “I've been looking for you.” Her pulled back hair was wrapped neatly into a bun on top of her head and her blue eyes peeked above the glasses riding the tip of her bulbous nose. Everything below the nostrils plummeted into a realm of nonexistence. Her slightly overweight body was outfitted with a loose, blasé, brown blouse and a skirt that hung well below her knees. The cornucopia of bad style ended with a pair of clunky, black shoes that could have doubled as a pair of ammo boxes. If she were a character in a fairy-tale, her name would be Frumpanella.
“My name is Cynthia and I will be your personal assistant during the campaign.” She pointed to the door. “I'm in the office across the hall.” She grabbed the lapel of her blouse and fanned herself. “Damn, I'm so hot.” She looked up at the ceiling vent. “It really makes me mad when they lock the thermostat controllers.” She stopped fanning and looked at Max. “Is there anything that you want?”
He cringed in hope that there was not a subliminal message hidden somewhere in the question. He felt relieved that she didn't wink. “No,” he replied. “But, I’ll call you if I need you.”
She looked at Ramir. “Mr. Ramirez, your personal assistant will be arriving next week.” She left the room.
“See,” said Max. “It works!”
Shock faded from Ramir’s eyes and he laughed. “She's mad and hot alright. I think the universe is conspiring against you.”
Max shrugged. “I've got to do a little fine-tuning, that's all.” He looked at his watch. “It’s almost noon. Let’s go somewhere for lunch.”
“Why?”
“Because we’re executives now.”
Ramir shot Max a reprimanding glance.
“We don't have to eat cold sandwiches and chips in a smoky break room.” By the look on Ramir's face, Max could tell that he was considering the proposition. “Come on.”
“Okay.”
Max tugged the envelope from his pocket and loaded the cash into his wallet. “You can buy.”
Ramir watched Max shove his wallet into his trousers. “Why do I have to buy?”
“You buy this time and I'll buy next time. That's the way it works at the executive level.” Max hurried over to the door and impatiently stood there holding it open. He said, “Let's go before the lunch crowd hits and we have to wait in line.”
They caught the elevator just before the doors closed and squeezed into the overcrowded compartment.
The elevator began its descent and Max stated, “When we get to the bottom, I’m going straight to Follis' office.”
Ramir looked puzzled. “What for?”
“That old man has been riding me ever since I came to work here.”
“Why don't you just forget about him and focus on figuring out how you're going to clean up your mess?”
The other passengers caught in the conversation's crossfire looked away from the duo and they suddenly found interest in the scars on the ceiling tiles and the conglomeration of webs and dust forming stalactites in the upper corners of the compartment. It was the age-old art of avoiding being caught at forced-fed eavesdropping without appearing to be in the act of avoiding. Most of the time, this practice resulted in a paradox of awkwardness.
“I will, right after I give him a piece of my mind.” The doors opened and Max forced his way out bumping and grinding into the others as he made his way to the front and out the doors.
Ramir made an unsuccessful attempt to reach out and seize him by an empty belt loop to pull him back inside.
Max stepped out into the lobby and parted from the stream of passengers pouring out of the elevator. He aimed himself at Follis' office and took off like a shot.
Still stuck in the back, Ramir had to wait for the elevator to empty before he rushed out, sailed past the assembly lines, and skidded to a stop outside the glass office. He watched the silent drama unfold as Follis leaned forward nose to nose with Max. The white tips of his crew cut contrasted sharply against the red glow of his ears. Suddenly, he flailed his arms wildly in the air and began firing a string of muffled verbiage that Ramir could only assume were swear words.
Max stood motionless, planted his fists onto his hips, sucked in his stomach, and stuck his upper torso out like Superman, letting Follis' words bounce harmlessly off his chest.
The veins on the old man’s neck stood out as he pointed to the door and then flopped down in his chair.
Max left the glass cubicle wearing a satisfied grin like it was a badge of courage and clattered down the steps. Ramir intercepted him at the bottom and looked at The Old Fossil glaring through the glass wall with fire still burning in his eyes. Max proudly boasted, “I put the old man in his place.”
“I can see that.” Ramir lowered his eyes back down to Max who was gloating over his victory and took him by the arm. “Let’s get out of here and let things cool off.” He forcefully hauled Max across the production floor, out the large glass doors, through the gate and onto a walkway already busy with the early lunch crowd.
Max pulled his arm from Ramir's grip. “What do you think you're doing?”
“I'm saving you from yourself,” Ramir replied. “I don't know if this machine of your works or not, but one thing I do know, is that it was built before the second half of the last century, and in my book, that's old. What if it breaks? Then what? Are you going to call the mad scientist hotline for spare parts?”
“It won't break. In those days, things were built to last. And after I have time to get the bugs out, there won't be any stopping me.”
“The only bugs you need to get out are the ones in your head,” Ramir replied. “Now, let's go have lunch before you cause anymore trouble. I heard about this great little restaurant on the bay.” Ramir checked the time by his watch. “If we hurry, we can make it there and back on our lunch break.”
Four blocks into their travels, Max grabbed Ramir by the shoulder and pulled him to a stop. He pointed to the shop on the corner. “Look, Porman’s.”
Ramir tugged free and started walking. “If we go there, then we won’t have time to eat lunch.”
Max grabbed his shirt and pulled on it. “But look at me. I have a fashion deficiency.”
Ramir kept walking and looked at Max's attire from the corner of his eye.
“Besides, we’re salary. We don’t need to worry about lunch hours. We have comp-time.”
Ramir shook his head. “We haven’t been salary long enough to build up any comp-time.”
“Well, when we get comp-time we can pay it back. If I’m going to become an executive then I need to look like an executive.”
“You shouldn't be spending the money that you're going to have to give back.”
“If I get tossed out again, they can bill me.” He pulled Ramir back to the front of Porman’s Fine Wear. “It’ll only take a minute and we’ll still have time for lunch. And I’ll buy.”
Ramir reluctantly compromised. “Okay, ten minutes and then we’re out of there.”
Forty-five minutes later, Max walked away from Porman’s Super Blowout Sale wearing a genuine-imitation-Italian-silk suit and a new pair of imitation crocodile dress shoes. He removed the remains of his hotdog from the pocket of his thrift-store wardrobe and stuffed it in the coat pocket of his new jacket. He tossed the old clothes and loafers in a waste can as he passed. He grinned at Ramir. “Now I look the part.”
“You look like something out of an old Cagney movie. All you need now is a Tommy Gun.”
Max scratched at his arm through the material. “You don't have any appreciation for fine Italian silk.”
The green synthetic material shimmered in the noonday sun like a puddle of oil floating on slimy canal water. Ramir said, “And apparently, neither do you.”
Max pressed his lips together to keep the spiteful words, on the tip of his tongue, from flying out like a swarm of angry bees only because he was in a hurry to satisfy his gnawing hunger pangs. He pointed the way to the bay. “Let’s go to lunch.”
“No way. We barely have enough time to get back to the office.”
“Don't worry,” Max replied. “I've got it all figured out. Elegant Watch doesn’t expect anyone on the top floor to go around looking like something the cat drug in. We represent the company. Buying the suit was company business.” Max shook his finger in the air. “That’s dedication. Now, we’ll take a late lunch.”
“I don’t know, Max.”
“Come on.” He placed his hand on Ramir’s back and gave him a gentle shove. “Stop being a worry wart. Now, let’s go.”
A siren wailed and Ramir jerked around. “It’s an ambulance and look where it’s stopping.”
Max turned as two paramedics jumped out of the emergency vehicle, ran to the rear, and pulled open the door. They slid a stretcher from the back and swiftly rolled it through the gate and up the sidewalk and through the doors of Elegant Watch Company.
“Let's find out what's going on.” Ramir sprinted away.
Max's sprint, that was really more of a trot, quickly degraded into a slow walk and ended in a waddle that landed him at the front of the building at a distant second. He huffed up to the curb and while he caught his breath, he scanned the onlookers. At the back of the crowd a man stood a head tall than the other spectators making him an easy target for Max to follow. He skirted the perimeter and when he arrived at his destination, he looked up and asked, “Hey, Murphy, what happened here?”
Murphy's green eyes reflected the intermittent strobe of the red flashing lights. He looked down at Max. “It’s Old Man Follis. He finally blew his gasket. It looks like a heart attack or stroke or maybe both.” The breeze tousled his thinning, brown hair and dislodged the carefully arranged bangs from their nesting place. He repaired his comb-over by pushing the hair back over his receding hairline.
The paramedics brought Follis out through the doors and rolled him along the sidewalk with an IV attached to his arm.
“Poor guy, I wonder what brought that on?” Max watched as one paramedic climbed into the back of the ambulance, the second one hefted the stretcher, and together they loaded the patient.
Murphy gave him a half shrug. “Don't know. The production crew found him slumped over in his chair before lunch muttering something about the pain in his ass before he passed out, so they called the paramedics.”
“Hemorrhoids,” Max replied. “I hear they can be painful.”
The second paramedic closed the door, raced to the front of the vehicle, and jumped into the cab.
“That's too bad.” Max reached up and gave Murphy a pat on the shoulder. “See you in the morning, Murph.”
“Not me,” Murphy replied. The breeze toppled his bangs over his eyes again and it gave him the look of an animal watching from a thicket of withered vines in the wild. “I won't be here.”
“Oh yeah? Where you going?”
The siren wailed and the ambulance scooted into the street and raced away.
“Vacation.” Murphy's face glowed with excitement. “Me and the wife have never had a proper honeymoon. We're flying out tonight.” He proudly held up two fingers. “Two weeks on the island of Kauai.”
“That's cool, Murphy. Have a great vacation.”
Murphy retracted his fingers. “See you when I get back.” He merged into the dispersing crowd.
Max found Ramir at the front entrance waiting for him. “Too bad about The Old Fossil, huh?” He gave a little chuckle.
Ramir grabbed the handle and yanked the door open. “Yeah, too bad.” He walked through the entrance and Max tailed him. “Did you stop to think that maybe this happened because you stressed the old man out?”
“It's not my fault,” Max protested.
“Yeah, whatever.” Ramir stopped in mid-stride. “I’ll see you upstairs in a minute. I’ve got to make a stop.”
“Okay.”
Ramir glided across the floor and disappeared into the restroom.
Max did a quick inspection of the halted assembly line and the workers in clusters near the windows, rehashing the event. When he turned to Follis' glass cubicle, he could see Charley Axon sitting on top of one of the tall file cabinets holding a file in his hands. Axon suddenly looked up with a smirk, raised his left eyebrow and shook his head in mock disappointment at Max, then promptly disappeared. Max crept stealthily up the metal steps and slipped through the door of the old man’s office. He hurried over to the row of filing cabinets standing in a back corner of the cubicle.
His quick scan revealed the F's were in the third drawer down. As he grabbed the handle to open it, he took one last look through the glass walls for any probing eyes that might later identify him as the person skulking around inside Follis office in the old man's absence. The gaggle of employees remained at the window, absorbed in the replays. He opened the F’s and hurriedly thumbed through the folders until he found the name, Max Fagan, scrawled on the tab in black ink. He swiftly pulled the file and opened it. He flipped through the pages that carefully documented each infraction he had committed. He snatched the papers out and stuffed them inside the inner pocket of his new jacket. He crammed the now empty folder back in betwixt Faber and Farken, closed the drawer, and made his escape.
He climbed on the elevator and rode to the top alone. The doors opened and he stepped off.
Kenny surfaced from the crowd wearing a big smile as he observed the new suit. “Well, Max, look at you. Trying to turn a sow’s ear into a silk purse I see, or in this case a corporate bottom dweller into a top-level executive.”
Max flashed back to Kenny's neon grin and wink in the morning's meeting. The sudden shift in his demeanor aroused Max's suspicion. “What do you want, Kenny?”
“Well first, I want you to know that a new suit doesn’t make you an executive.” He reached out and rubbed the material in between the tips of his fingers. “Especially a suit like this.” He released the fabric, pulled a handkerchief from his pocket, and used it to wipe his hands. When he finished, he wadded the cloth back into his pocket. “Second of all, let’s just say that you and I are cogs turning a well-oiled machine of success. It takes the little gears to help the bigger gears move and you are one of the little gears.”
Confusion mixed with Max's suspicion and rendered him speechless. He watched Kenny turn and strut down the hall looking as artificial as the unnatural glow of the fluorescent lights that illuminated him. An overhead tube flickered as Kenny passed beneath it. The jittery light released Max from the hypnotic spell. After Kenny turned the corner and was out of sight, Max returned to the office where he found Ramir standing in the open doorway leaning against the frame waiting for him.
“Where've you been?” Ramir asked.
Max pushed past him. “Talking with Kenny.”
“What did he have to say?”
“He said that he needs his cog oiled.”
Ramir grimaced.
Max set a course for their office.
Ramir followed. “Come on, I'm serious, tell me.”
“All I know is that he's up to something and whatever it is, he's going to use a peon like me to get it and let me take the fall.”
“What makes you say that?” Ramir asked.
“Weedie,” Max replied. “The woman that works in supplies. She knows something about everyone on the fortieth floor. She told me that he thinks just because he comes from a wealthy family and went to Harvard, he can use people.”
“I'm getting really nervous about all of this, Max. I'm positive he knows that your slogan is a stolen line from a song.”
Max shrugged off the comment. He was confident the machine would fix the problem.
“This isn't like stealing rolls of toilet paper or bars of soap from the supply closet. This is the big time, buddy, you could get into a lot of trouble.”
“You worry too much.” Max strolled to his desk, plopped down in his chair. “By the end of the week you and I are going to be running this joint.” Max leaned back and got a smug look on his face. “You and me…we’re going to be living the dream.”
“Or we might be in jail.”
“Don’t worry,” Max shot back with an air of confidence. “I’ve got plans.”
Ramir suddenly looked distraught. “What kind of plans?”
“You’ll see. In the meantime…” Max opened the top drawer to his desk, retrieved a magazine, and tossed it to Ramir. “You can pass the time perusing the pages of this.”
Ramir looked puzzled. “What is it?”
“It’s a car magazine, the most expensive vehicles on the market.”
“Where did you get this?”
“It was already here when we moved in. It must have belonged to the last schmuck that had this office and he left it behind.” Max got a dreamy look in his eyes and turned his gaze to the ceiling. “Have you ever thought about living in Dubai?”
“No.” Ramir tossed the magazine down on Max’s desk. “Shouldn’t we be working?”
Max harrumphed, popped up from his chair.
“Where do you think you’re going?”
“Home,” Max replied.
“You can’t leave.” Ramir stepped in front of the door. “Work. Remember?”
“I can work just as well from home as I can at the office.” Max retrieved the machine’s manual and stepped around Ramir on his way out the door.

Chapter 8

Max left work with the book in hand and treated himself to a ride home in a taxi. Compared to riding the crowded bus filled with noisy passengers and frequent jerky stops that made it impossible to relax, the ride in the taxi was like floating on a cloud high above the noise and confusion. A contented smile graced his lips as he settled back into the thick padding of the back seat and closed his eyes. A rush of cold air blowing from the vent brushed against his cheek and he drifted off to sleep.
Max woke when the taxi jerked to a stop and the driver looked back over his shoulder. “That'll be forty-five dollars.” He held out his hand.
“Forty-five? That's outrageous. For that kind of a fee, you should serve champagne and show a movie.”
“Look, I got maintenance, insurance, and the price of gas is going up as we speak. Now, how about my money?”
“Don't think that you're getting a tip.” Max slapped the money in the driver's hand, and slammed the door. He raced through the courtyard without incident, flew up the stairs, entered his front door into the small room with its collage of used furniture, and locked the door behind him.
He sat down on the one of the caved-in sofa cushions, turned on the lamp that was sitting on a used-up end table, and plopped the book down on the coffee table. He thumbed through the pages looking for anything that would help solve the bogus slogan issue until he found a chapter on mind reading. That might work. He could learn to read Kenny's mind and find out what he's really up to.
The rigor of mentally digesting paragraphs of sophisticated terminology eventually took its toll. Somewhere, in between reading where collective consciousness is a field of information and how to access it, Max closed his eyes and the book crashed into his lap.
The doorbell rang. A pounding on the door followed sending tremors through the thin walls and flecks of puce paint dropping onto the carpet. Max snorted and sat up. The door vibrated with another pounding and he yelled, “I'm not home!” More knocks sent shockwaves through the apartment. He tossed the book down next to him and jumped up from the couch. “Just a minute.” He stuck his eye to the peephole and saw black. He turned on the porch light and saw Frank staring back looking pasty under the yellow glow. He unlocked and opened the door.
Frank held out his hand. “I need the rent, Max. You've got to have it before midnight or I was told to call the cops and have you escorted out of here.”
Max beamed a big grin. “Well, it just so happens that I already have it.” He dug his wallet from his trousers and pulled out a handful of cash. He began counting out the bills.
Frank hungrily eyed the stack of Franklins in Max's hand. He cleared his throat and nodded at the wad. “Maybe you can start paying me back some of my pension money.”
Max stopped counting and held up the cash. “What do I look like, a bank?” He shook his head. “This money is already spent. I've got to catch up, but the next bonus I get is yours.”
Frank looked leery.
“Don’t worry,” said Max. “My word is my bond.” He finished counting out twelve-hundred dollars and thrust them toward the super. Frank reached out to grab the money. Max yanked the fistful of dollars away. “Wait a minute. This is cash. Do you have a receipt?”
“Yeah,” Frank gruffed. He reached into his back pocket and pulled out a receipt book. He removed the pencil from behind his ear and dabbed the tip of it on his tongue.
“Not so fast,” said Max. “Do it in pen.”
Frank scowled and searched his pockets for an ink pen. He shrugged. “Don’t have a pen.” Agitation was evident in his voice.
“Okay, I'll get one.” Max left him standing in the door swatting bugs underneath the yellow glow of the porch light and he returned a few minutes later holding a pen. “Here.”
Frank slapped a mosquito on his cheek, leaving a smear of blood. He reached out and took it from Max’s hand. “Thanks.” He wrote the receipt and ripped it off the pad. “I hope that you don't let this happen again.” He stuffed both pen and receipt into Max's hand. “It's cutting into my supper time.” He turned and walked away.
Max closed the door and returned to the sofa and the book. As he read, he began to feel an eagerness growing inside him; like an itch that he could not scratch, until he unwound the cord and plugged the machine in. He flipped the switch. The itch disappeared. The tubes burned with a dim glow of orange and the apparatus emitted a low-pitched hum. He crowned his cranium with the headgear and picked up the manual again. A red triangle marked a warning that the dial controlling the magnetic fields should never exceed three. He shrugged, reached down, and dialed it to four in hopes of accessing Kenny's mind. He wasn't sure if four was strong enough to bridge the distance from Kenny, so he nudged it up to five. The machine went through its usual systematic procedures and zapped him with a pop of electricity powerful enough to jolt him backward.
Max found himself riding a bolt of lightning through a mass of gray clouds and deposited into a small room, sitting in a chair, and holding an antique candlestick phone in his hands. With the receiver pressed to his ear, he tapped the receiver's cradle, and spoke into the bell-shaped transmitter. “Hello operator, could you put me through to Kenny Miles, please?”
Charley sat in front of an old-fashioned switchboard dressed in drag and puffing on a cigar. With a mixture of bass and falsetto, he answered, “One moment, please.” He pulled a set of plugs from the board and inserted them into another set of jacks. The light turned red and Charley returned to the line. “Go ahead, please.”
The phone rang several times before Max woke up to the sound of his doorbell ringing.
“What is this, Grand Central Station?” He turned the machine off, pulled the ring from his head, and stomped across the room. Before consulting the peephole, he unbolted the lock and yanked the door open to a now unlit landing.
“Your porch light has burned out,” a voice said from the darkness.
Max poked his hand out the door and flicked the bulb with his index finger. He cocked his eyebrow and glanced at the odd little man standing at his door. “Bertram?” He gave the bulb a gentle twist and scratched his scalp.
Bertram beamed, “Yeah, that's right.”
Keller's mismatched pieces and abstract personality seized Max's curiosity. “What are you doing here?”
Bertram turned his head, checked over his shoulder and then turned back to Max and said, “Looking for you.”
“How did you get my address?”
“Corporate directory.” Bertram stood there without any expression on his face. Then he suddenly flashed a delayed grin.
Max waded through the awkward silence. “Is there something I could help you with?”
Bertram's eyes were like a television screen that had lost its signal. “I was wondering if you might like to hang out. You know, drink a few brews and talk.”
Max was sure that Bertram's social proposal fell into the genre of a sheer psychological horror, like a recap from a scene in a Hitchcock movie. Maybe he was being set up for one of those new reality shows. He thought to himself, nibble but don’t bite the hook. Pressing his lips together, he poked his head out the door looking for cameras. “Well, I don’t know, maybe.”
Bertram, appeased by the possibility of a friendship, offered Max a crooked smile. “You and I are a lot alike.”
He could picture Keller sitting alone watching late-night re-runs, starving for companionship that could only be satisfied with Norman Bates’-like social skills. Max quickly referenced his own social routine. “You could be right about that,” he hedged politely. To avoid eye contact, he shifted his eyes and peered over Bertram's shoulder. Despite his better judgment, he looked back at Keller. “Tell me something. That thing you said in this morning's board meeting about it being midnight in the house of dark and light. What does that mean?”
Bertram’s smile faded. “I thought it would be self-explanatory—that you of all people would know what it meant.”
“Did you hear that quote on some science fiction movie or something?”
“No, I was speaking in code so that no one but you and I would understand.”
Max poked his head back out of the door. He looked both ways over his shoulders; the way a pitcher would check and see if a runner was attempting to steal a base. He wanted to make sure that Bertram was not part of some prank concocted by his new high-level executive co-workers. He could imagine the entire board jumping out of the shadows pointing their fingers and laughing. Satisfied that they were alone, he turned his head back to Bertram and centered his focus on the odd little fellow. “Now, maybe you can tell me exactly what you did mean.”
“Yeah.” Bertram repeated Max's previous looking over the shoulder routine. “It's about the financial state of the company. Darkness means collapse and light means financial growth.” He lifted a finger and stabbed it into Max's chest. “And midnight is the zero hour.” He withdrew his finger and nodded his head. “Get it?”
The Bertram-Puzzle was one of those thousand piece sets. Trying to put it together was becoming more complex by the moment because none of the pieces fit. Max said, “Now that it's just you and me, we don't have to speak in code.”
A spark of rational logic flickered in Bertram's eyes. “I understand.” It burned out and he looked at Max with puppy-dog-eyes. “So, how about it?”
“How about what?”
“How about we get together tonight and have a few brews?” Bertram asked with a slight whine edging his voice.
“Not tonight, Bertram.” Max chewed nervously on his bottom lip and then he said, “Tell you what; give me your number and I’ll give you a call when it’s a better time.”
Bertram’s emotional polarity shifted to the other end of the spectrum, and in an instant, his smile decomposed into a frown. “Don’t lie. You don’t plan to call me. You’re just like the rest of the liars that try to avoid me.”
Max let out a nervous laugh as he conjured an image of a front-page newsflash with his name in bold, black letters, followed by an article declaring his murder by a disgruntled and deranged co-worker. He suddenly remembered his brain's electromagnetic fields magnetizing his thoughts. “No. I mean....” He squeezed his eyes together, searching for the right verbiage. His eyes flew open and he said, “Yes! I do want to hang out with you, but it’s such a bad time. The future of the company is hanging in the balance.” His eyes bored into Bertram’s. “You know,” he said with a reflective tone in his voice, “midnight in the house of dark and light?”
Bertram cocked one eyebrow and a smile blazed across his lips. “Ahhhhh, I get it.” He wadded his hand into a fist, and with a stiff arm, he gently tapped Max on the side of the shoulder.
Max returned the gesture and replied. “I thought that you would.” He looked at the time. “Gee, it’s that time-balance-thing again. I’ve got to go, but we’ll talk. Good night, Bertram.” Pretending to be calm, he slowly began closing the door in Keller’s face.
Bertram blurted out, “Maybe tomorrow you could come over to my house and see the artificial flowers that I collect from gravesites.”
Max shuddered and said, “Can't. Synthetics make me itch.” He scratched at his leg through his new trousers. He checked his watch. “Oh wow, it's really late. Good night, Keller. See you at work.” He closed the door and circled his finger clockwise around his ear. “Looney Tunes.”
Max leaned against the door and waited a few minutes. He was compelled to satisfy the uneasy feeling that lingered after Keller’s departure. He grabbed the knob, turned it, and slowly parted the door from its frame by a few inches and stuck his face to the crack. His limited surveillance forced him to open it wider. He ventured out one step, and kept the other foot firmly planted inside his apartment in case the need arose for a hasty retreat. The faint crackle of an electrical arc fizzled above his head. Max looked up as the light fixture flickered and then burst into a brilliant ball of yellow light. When he looked back down, Bertram stood there wearing a crooked smile. Max gasped, jumped back, and clutched his heart. “Geeez, Bertram, don't do that.” He caught his breath. “What are you still doing out there?”
Keller lifted a handful of papers and thrust them out toward Max. “I forgot to give you these.”
Max did not take his eyes off Bertram as he slowly stepped forward. He pulled them from Keller's fingers and let his gaze depart long enough to glance over the first page. His eyes shot back up to Bertram. “What's this?”
“A document.”
Max glanced back down at the title page. “I can see that. Where did you get it?”
“I found it on Kenny's desk and made a copy.”
“Thanks. Well, goodnight.” Max stepped back inside and closed the door.
Max peeked out the window and watched Bertram disappear into the night before he began curiously thumbing through the pages. Alarm drew his eyebrows together and wrinkled his forehead. He muttered, “Oh no.”

Chapter 9

Just short of eight in the morning, Max made a phone call. After he hung up, he began to feel anxious, and to pass the time, he stood in front of the full-length mirror on the bathroom door. He congratulated himself for his impeccable style. His new suit was irreparably wrinkled from his turbulent night on the couch and he smoothed it as best he could, and then completed his preening by raking his fingers through his sprigs of hair. At half-past the hour, with a second cup of instant coffee in hand, he paced the floor. Impatience soon got the better of him, and he rooted himself in front of the window until he saw a car pull up. By the third blast on the horn, Max was out the door and trotting down the steps. At the car, he took the last few sips of coffee, tossed the Styrofoam cup to the concrete, and opened the door.
Ramir blurted out, “Okay, litterbug, what's so important that it couldn't wait?”
Max climbed in, pulled the folded document out of his coat pocket, and held it out. “This.”
Ramir studied the paper, but refrained from taking it. “What is it?”
“I think it’s bad news. Bertram Keller paid me a visit last night and brought it to me.”
“The creepy guy from work?” Ramir put the car in gear.
Max nodded.
“Have you read it?”
“Of course I have,” Max replied.
“What does it say?” Ramir asked as he pulled out of the parking lot.
Max’s capacity for understanding corporate reports was like reading a book with pages missing. “I don’t know. That’s why I called you.”
Ramir pulled off the road and parked on the curb with emergency flashers blinking. “Let me take a look.” He held out his hand.
Max deposited the document into Ramir’s palm.
The header indicated that the report generated from corporate headquarters was intended solely for Kenny Miles and Mr. Grantham. Ramir scrutinized the pages with a wrinkled forehead as he whispered through each paragraph.
For Max, watching Ramir’s moving lips was as aggravating as the times when he was watching his favorite television program and the sound on his set cut in and out.
When Ramir finished, he turned toward Max. “This is bad! Really bad! If the watch company is not operating in the black by the end of the third quarter, this branch will be restructured.” He folded the report and kept it. “This whole town is in jeopardy of going under! Elegant Watch is at the center of Camden’s commerce. Businesses will fold, people will lose their homes. We have to do something.” Ramir turned off the flashers and haphazardly scooted out into the traffic. Horns blared.
Max’s eyes were on the swerving cars. “If we live long enough!”
When they arrived at the Elegant Watch Company, Ramir dove out of the car and hustled up to the top floor while Max lagged behind.
With the report’s contents weighing on his mind, Ramir avoided giving morning greetings or offering smiles that might open a conversation and slow him down. His emotional barometer took a spike when he stepped into the hall and spotted Kenny. Despite his distrust of the man shark, Kenny was more accessible than Grantham, but before he could hail him, Kenny rounded the corner and disappeared. By the time Ramir caught up with him, Kenny was at the threshold of his office door. Ramir reached out and seized him by the shoulder.
Kenny pivoted, and when he saw who it was, he broke into a toothy grin that showcased two rows of white teeth that were too perfect to be natural.
“Can you explain this?” Ramir unfolded the report and presented it.
The grin vanished and a shocked look quickly replaced it. “How did you get that?”
“It doesn’t matter,” replied Ramir. “What is the game plan to save our jobs?”
A hall-troller ambled by with his head cocked to catch a word or two of prime juicy gossip. Kenny waited for the man to pass before he said, “Not out here.” Kenny breezed through the open door of his office leaving a trail of expensive cologne for Ramir to follow. He sat down in the leather chair behind his desk.
Ramir stood on the opposite side, raised the report, and rattled off the predictions listed in the esoteric legalese then looked up at Kenny. “If this branch keeps its doors open under the current financial conditions, the main office is going to replace the production and maintenance crew with contract labor.”
A sarcastic smile spread across Kenny's lips, and with an air of cockiness, he said, “My, my, who would have thought that someone like you would understand the complex wording in a corporate document.”
Ignoring the barb, Ramir tossed the report on top of Kenny’s desk. “My question is what is being done to prevent that?”
“That’s the reason Grantham came up with his hare-brained scheme to boost sales with a new slogan.” Kenny shook his head. “But you and I both know that will never pan out. I’m afraid layoffs for the employees on the assembly line are right around the corner.”
“I’m going to make sure that everyone here gets a copy. They need to know what’s coming down the pipeline.” Ramir reached for the report.
Kenny pulled it back. “That certainly won’t solve anything. He paused and allowed the words to crystallize. “But, I have something that will” Another pause followed. “I have a plan that will more than satisfy everyone’s needs.”
Ramir decided to listen, but with a healthy amount of caution. “Go ahead.”
Kenny’s million dollar smile blazed. He splayed his fingers and placed them on his chest. “I've been laying the groundwork with corporate to make sure that everyone gets a severance package.”
“What’s in it?”
Kenny lifted his hand from his chest and made a peace symbol. “Two years of salary in a lump sum.” Another finger popped up. “Plus a three-thousand dollar severance bonus.” He let his hand fall to his side. Kenny rose from behind the desk to glide over to Ramir and stand toe to toe with him and placed a reassuring hand on his shoulder. “The company CEO will be here next week. By then, I'll have all the details ironed out and I'm sure that my proposition will be accepted.”
“How do I know that you're telling me the truth?” Ramir could feel himself being swayed by Kenny's sales pitch; and it showed on his face and in the sound of his voice.
Kenny seized the opportunity “All you need to do is trust me, and keep it to yourself until then.” He extended his hand as if to seal the deal. “What do you say?”
Ramir stared at the hand like he was under some kind of hypnotic spell, and then impulsively bridged the narrow gap, but before his fingers docked with Kenny's, the distrust he had been harboring caused him to jerk his hand away like Kenny carried some kind of fatal disease. “No deal.” He snatched up the document.
“Go ahead, leak the news and start a panic, and then everything I've been working on will go by the wayside, and no one will get anything. But if everything follows through, and it will, we all walk away happy.”
Ramir whirled around and was making a quick exit from the office.
Kenny dogged his heels. “Well then, you'd better leave now and beat the lines at the employment agency.” Kenny shrugged. “Not that it will matter, when Elegant puts you out on the street there won't be any jobs to be found for you or anyone else in this piss-ant town.”
Ramir was one step away from the door.
“Think about this. With corporate’s present proposition you won’t receive a severance package when you’re laid off. Your wife and kids will be living on the streets.”
Ramir faltered.
Kenny took a pause to let his prophecy take root in Ramir’s mind. “Before you walk out that door you’d better seriously consider my proposition.”
Ramir stopped in his tracks.
A devious smile crooked Kenny’s lips. “I think that we understand each other now. Don’t we?”
Ramir turned around and nodded.
“Good boy.” Kenny held out a hand and wiggled his fingers. “Give the report to me.”
Reluctantly, Ramir placed the papers in his hand.
Kenny pointed to the door. “Now, get out of my office, and remember, not a word.”
With his head down, Ramir trudged through the hall to his own office. Once inside, he closed the door and flopped down in the chair behind the desk. He cradled the back of his head with the intertwined fingers of his two hands and stared at the ceiling.
The door popped open. A sweaty Max emerged through the opening holding his new pair of shoes in one hand. “These things hurt my feet.” Holding the manual in his other hand he raked the sleeve of his jacket across his brow to sop up the beads of perspiration.
“Why are you sweating?”
“You’d be sweating too if you had walked up ten flights of stairs.”
“Why didn’t you take the elevator?”
Max shook his head. “My horoscope advised that I stay out of crowded places today.” He slipped the shoes back over his argyle knock-offs.
With a sweep of his hand, Ramir motioned for Max to take a seat on the sofa, effectively putting a reverse spin on their power dynamic.
Despite how Max felt torn between protesting with his usual gregarious verbosity and remaining quiet, he sank down onto the leather cushions and placed the book next to him. “What’s eating you?”
Ramir said, “We’re faced with a real conundrum.”
“Are you still thinking about that report?”
Remembering the disastrous consequences facing him and every other employee in the company if he spoke up, Ramir simply nodded.
If you really want to save this place you can use my machine.”
“Ugh!” Ramir buried his face in his hands. “You and that stupid machine.”
“It’ll fix this problem,” he snapped his fingers, “just like that.”
Ramir shifted his head so that he could peek over the tips of his fingers. He spoke between the gaps. “If that machine is such a miracle worker then why are you still here?”
“I need a little more time to figure out how it works, and when I do, you’ll see. I might even make everyone in this town rich before I go.”
Ramir popped up out of the chair like a jack-in-the-box on speed. His cheeks burned bright red and his nostrils flared. He pointed a finger at Max. “All you've done is screw things up!” Max opened his mouth to say something, but Ramir cut him off with a wave of the same hand. “I’m not going to let you make it worse than it is with your crazy antics.”
“All right,” Max said dryly. “But don’t come to me begging to rescue you like rat on a sinking ship.” He stood.
Ramir raised his head. “Where are you going?”
“Men’s room.” Max straightened his tie before walking out the door. A moment after he stepped into the hall, a custodian rounded the corner of the door wheeling a wide-mouthed cart filled with a collection of trash from the offices.
Ramir got a devious smile on his lips as he grabbed the book from the sofa. As the trash cart rolled by him like a slow moving train, he dropped the book into the garbage.
Fifteen minutes passed before Max strolled back into the office. Immediately his eyes settled on the vacant spot where his book once resided. He eyed Ramir suspiciously. “Where is it?”
“Where’s what?”
“Don’t play games with me, Ramir. Where’s the book?”
“I threw it in the trash.”
Max’s eyes rounded out large. “You did what?”
“It was for your own good, Max.”
He raced toward the wastebasket, but un-coordinated footing sent him sprawling to the floor, and he did a fast crawl to the on his hands and knees. He picked it up and turned it upside down. “It's empty!”
“You're looking in the wrong place,” Ramir said. “The janitor carted it away about ten minutes ago.”
Max jumped up from the floor, ran out of the room and into the hall. He stopped and looked both ways searching for the custodian.
“Too late.” Ramir was now at his side.
Max rushed back into their office and flew to the window, shoving it open. He spotted the clean-up crew tossing white plastic bags into the Dumpster. He waved frantically and yelled, “Hey! You down there!”
“They can't hear you,” Ramir told him.
Max leaned further out. “Hey!” He waved his arms and lost balance.
Ramir managed to seize Max by one of the ankles and gave a hard tug. They both went down to the floor with Ramir straddling Max.
Max tried bucking Ramir off with repeated thrust of his hips. “Get off of me, Ramir.”
The office door burst open.
“This is just too weird.” Cynthia stood looking down at them through lenses riding the tip of her globular nose.
Ramir rolled off the top of Max. “It's not what it looks like.”
Judgment swam in her eyes behind her glasses. “Mr. Grantham wants you both in his office, immediately.” She turned and left the room.
“Screw that!” Max’s concern remained on the book. “I can't operate that machine without that manual!”
Keller traipsed into the room. “What’s going on?” He peered through his neon-green glasses amidst his kaleidoscope of odd expressions.
Keller’s signature weirdness got the better of Max. “None of your business,” he growled out.
“I need to talk to you alone, Max.” Bertram turned his eyes suspiciously toward Ramir.
“It’s okay,” Ramir assured him. “If you’re here about the report, Max already let me read it.”
Bertram shifted his gaze to Max and narrowed his eyes. “What else did you tell him?”
“Nothing.”
Bertram’s stare hardened.
“I swear,” said Max.
“The report was our secret.”
“I’ve worked in contracts,” said Ramir. “Max needed me to hash through all the company jargon.”
Bertram moved his attention onto Ramir. “Oh, so you know code.”
Ramir looked baffled. “No…I know how to read reports.”
Bertram’s eyes darted toward Max. “How is he going to be any help if he doesn’t know what it means to be in the house of dark and light?”
“I’ll explain it to him,” said Max.
Bertram’s glare softened. He sighed. “I guess we can be the three musketeers.” He stared at Ramir until it became creepy. “Do you like artificial flowers?”
“Well…ergh…” He looked at Max.
Max nodded.
Through a lopsided grin, Ramir replied, “Yeah, love them.”
Ready to get rid of Keller, Max took him by the arm. “I hate to be the hair in the pie, but we’re needed at Grantham’s office. Maybe you could come back later.”
“Wait.” Bertram stuck out his leg and planted the sole of his shoe on the floor. “I’ve got something else to show you.”
“Later,” replied Max. He tugged on Bertram’s arm.
“Wait a minute,” said Ramir. “Let’s see what it is.”
Bertram reached inside his jacket. His hand formed a huge lump that quickly became a squirming mass of pin-striped fingers as he searched the inside pocket. He found what he was looking for and held out a paper wad.
Max grabbed it and unfurled the clump. He briefly stared at it from beneath his wrinkled brow before he exclaimed, “It’s just a bunch of meaningless doodles.
“Let me see that.” Ramir grabbed it from Max and gave it a quick once-over. He looked up at Bertram. “Where’d you get this?”
“From Kenny’s wastebasket,” Bertram replied.
“There might be something more to this than scribbling.” Ramir pointed out the rudimentary drawing of a building and primitive rendition of a sundial. “This is the Elegant Watch Company here in Camden.
Max scratched his head again. “How’d you come up with that?”
“It’s easy.” Ramir pointed to a hand-drawn pyramid shape. “That’s a prism or prison.” It hovered over a box with the initials RR and MF written in it. “That’s me and you, Max.” The word slogan was scribbled next to it. With the slight move of his finger, Ramir directed their attention to a bunch of wavy vertical lines. “That’s a waterfall. To sum it up Kenny’s using the slogan to frame us and we take the fall and go to prison.” He then pointed to the primitive drawing of a watch dial surrounded by trees dropping their leaves. “This the fall of Elegant Watch. And this,” he pointed to the bottom of the page at a stick figure hopping over a flat line, “is Kenny hopping a plane.” Beneath that was a row of Cs “He’s going overseas.” He pointed to what followed, a bunch of squiggly lines. “Those represent an ocean.” His fingertip trailed to an outline that looked like a broken cookie. “And that’s Asia.”
Max scratched his head. “What’s in Asia?”
“China!” declared Ramir. He pointed to the suitcase marked with numerous dollar signs. “It appears Kenny is getting a severance package along with cushy overseas office.” His finger trailed down the paper to a crude drawing of a boat sitting catawampus on a rock. “But the rest of us poor schmucks are left high and dry.”
Bertram looked amazed. “He does read code!”
Max tapped a finger on the paper. “I say that we take this to Grantham.”
Ramir shook his head. “This doesn’t prove anything. We need something concrete.”
Max referenced the calendar hanging on the wall. “The third quarter ends in less than three weeks.”
“What are we going to do?” Bertram was nervously tugging at his hair.
An all-knowing grin curved the corners of Max’s lips. “The machine!”
Curiosity swelled inside Bertram. “What machine?”
Ramir clamped his hand over Max’s mouth.
“We’re the three musketeers,” Bertram told Ramir. “Remember?”
Ramir huffed. “Go ahead. Tell him, Porthos.” He let his hand slip from Max’s mouth.
“I found this old German contraption at a second store that can alter reality.”
The color went out of Bertram’s cheeks as his eyes grew wide. He bellowed out, “Der Gott Maschine!”
Max looked puzzled. “You know of it?”
“Of course I do!” The flesh-tone was coming back into Bertram’s face. “It’s legendary! German scientists believed that thoughts and feelings are an electromagnetic field of coherent light that are the substance of all creation. They invented a machine that would, for a brief moment, amplify the electromagnetic fields of information generated by the subconscious mind and become the carrier of conscious experience.”
Ramir looked puzzled.
Wanting to boast on his own newfound knowledge and win Ramir over, Max said, “To put it simply, this apparatus is like a direct line to The Universe. You type in a question, you get an answer. Whatever you think about, happens.”
“Why haven’t I ever heard this piece of history?” Ramir asked.
Because the Germans kept it a closely guarded secret,” Bertram replied.
“Then how’d you know about it?”
“Shortly after the war the machine and the book disappeared, but a can of sixteen millimeter film was found documenting experiments using the machine.
“And you’ve seen this film?” Ramir asked.
Bertram nodded. “It’s on YouTube!”
Ramir scoffed. “You can’t believe everything that you see on the internet.”
Max turned to Ramir. “I believe him!” He headed to the door.
“Where are you going?” Ramir called out.
“I’ve got to get the manual back. He took one step into the hall. A second later he retreated back inside the office and slammed the door closed.
“What’s with you?” Ramir asked.
Max looked shaken and pale. “Grantham is in the hall and headed this way!”
Concern flowered in Bertram’s eyes. “Do you think he’s coming here?”
“We were suppose to be in his office ten minutes ago.” Max pointed to the open window. “To the fire escape!”
All three raced to the window. Max stopped Keller and said, “Not you.”
Keller looked hurt. “Why not?”
“You’ve got to get out there and slow Grantham down while we escape.”
Keller stubbornly folded his arms across his chest.
“Come on, buddy,” Max pleaded.
Ramir stood outside on the ledge and was beckoning Max to follow. “Hurry it up.”
“It’s midnight in the house of dark and light.” Max told Keller.
Bertram nodded his head. A second later he was out the door.
Max crawled out onto the ledge. “Let’s get that book and hang Kenny out to dry.”
“Too late.” Ramir pointed down. “The garbage truck is coming up the street.”
Max looked down at the sanitation truck that use to be white and now looked like the top of a super supreme pizza. He glided along the narrow ledge scuffing his new imitation alligator shoes along the way to an ancient metal ladder that was clinging to the building like a rusting vine. After he climbed out onto the fire escape and began to descend, the hard soles of his shoes struck against the metal rungs and sounded like distorted notes on a twisted xylophone. He jumped from the last step and hit the pavement running, frantically waving his arms in the air. “Hey! Wait! Stop!”
The truck pulled into the parking lot and the gears ground into reverse. The back-up lights flashed yellow and a shrill beep―beep―beep rose above the growl of the engine. Hydraulics whined as two heavy forks, coated in a layer of thick grime, aimed for the slots sticking out on the sides of the container. With a loud bang, the truck collided with the Dumpster and the hydraulics whined again under the stress of lifting the mammoth load.
A blowout on one of his new shoes brought him to a grinding halt.
The Dumpster reached the peak of its ride and stopped. It hung in the air, swinging back and forth like a bucket on a Ferris wheel. The forks tilted back and flipped the container, pouring its contents into the open hole. The truck lowered its cargo, returned the metal box to the concrete pad, and drove away.
Max ambled the rest of the way to the Dumpster with the tips of his toes sticking out the end of his shoe. He cursed the fake-crocodile shoemakers under his breath. He stuck his head through an open port on the side of the metal box. The innards of the container were coated with some kind of organic gooey grime. He pinched the tip of his nose in between his fingers as he made his search. “Damn, it's empty.” He felt a tap on his shoulder and he spun around.
Ramir stood there with a smirk, reveling in the fulfillment of his prophecy. “See, I told you, too late.” Then he looked down at Max's toes hanging out into dead space. “I guess that's what you get for buying shoes at a blowout sale.”
Instead of Max lobbing one of his standard sarcastic comebacks, he jerked his head up and his eyes rounded with horror, like he was seeing a prehistoric pterodactyl swooping down on them out of the heavens. He grabbed Ramir by the shoulder and pulled him behind the Dumpster.
Ramir looked back over his shoulder into the empty sky. He turned back to Max. “What did you do that for?”
“Two people are looking down from the window of our office. It could be Grantham and Bertram.”
Ramir edged out, looked up, and squinted.
Max asked, “Is he still there?”
Ramir pulled his head back. “How can you possibly see that far?”
“I'm telling you, somebody is up there with Bertram.” Max bent down and scurried out into the parking lot. He found refuge in the first row of cars he came to and kneeled behind the bumper of a Lexus. He rose up like a periscope until he could peek over the taillight and see the fortieth-floor windows. He turned to Ramir and motioned for him to follow.
Ramir scuttled across the gap and met Max at the bumper. He sat down and leaned against the back of the car. “What are we doing?”
Max scanned the parking lot. “Where's your car?”
“Row B, parking space twenty-eight. Why?”
“Come on.” Max stooped and darted away. He hid behind the rows of vehicles. As he navigated through the labyrinth, he felt sure that he was no more than a black speck, distorted by the shimmering waves of heat radiating off hot metal, to the spectator on the fortieth floor. Max arrived at the copper-colored Honda Civic.
Ramir shuttled up next to him.
“Hurry, get in and let's get out of here.”
Ramir duck-walked to the other side, unlocked the door and climbed in. Then he leaned over and unlocked the door on the passenger side.
Max climbed in, gave the leather interior a quick once-over, and turned around to sniff the headrest.
“Don't suck up all the new car smell.” Ramir shoved the keys into the ignition and started the engine. He turned to Max who still had his nose stuck to the headrest. “We’ve got to find that truck before it takes the load to the dump.”
The wheels squalled on the hard pavement when Ramir shoved the car into reverse and stomped down on the gas. He pulled out of the parking lot and onto the main road; two hours later, Ramir pulled into the parking lot at McDonalds. “How can something as big as a garbage truck disappear?” Ramir asked.
“I told you that we should have taken that right on Albuquerque Drive.”
“Where do you suppose it is now?”
“The dump,” Max extended his hand out like doorman ushering a patron into a fine establishment. “What are you waiting for? Let’s go.”
An anxious moment slipped by as Ramir sat behind the wheel unresponsive to Max’s gesture.
Max exclaimed with exasperation in his voice. “So, what are we waiting for?”
“Forget it, man.” Ramir turned off the ignition. “You'll never find that book. By the time we get there, it'll be buried under tons of garbage.”
“Without that manual, we’re screwed,” replied Max. He put on his best guilt-trip frown. “But if you don’t want to help—”
“You know, Max, ever since I met you, you’ve been nothing but self-centered and self-absorbed and lazy. And we wouldn’t be in this mess if it wasn’t for you.”
Max shifted around uncomfortably and then resigned himself to the fact that he was going solo from here. “Fine then. I'll find the manual myself.” He got out, slammed the door behind him and stomped away.

Chapter 10

A two-mile walk beneath the August sun had Max dripping with sweat when he arrived outside the chain-link fence. He clutched the diamond shapes between his fingers and pressed his face into the wire, listening to the growl of an engine and watching a trail of smoke rise up from behind a ridge of garbage bags. A few yards beyond the fence, a tin shack sat rusting beneath the hot sun. It was garnished with hand-painted red letters, DO NOT ENTER, and a drippy skull-and-crossbones issuing fair warning to intruders. He ignored the notice and pushed the gate open.
His hope for finding the document faded as he stared at the mounds of garbage piled on top of mounds of garbage. It was a mountain of discarded household waste creating volatile methane gas that hovered over the ground as a low-lying mist. One spark of friction, one careless cigarette thrown out the window of a passing car, and BOOM, this place would go up in flames.
From behind the black hill of garbage, a dozer engine growled and belched greasy, black smoke from its stack as it plowed through the waste headed toward him. Plastic bags that had been eviscerated by the teeth of the front blade dangled from the open gullet, with their contents spilling from the sacks; seagulls floated upon the coastal breeze, following behind the dozer hoping to spot a tasty morsel. Occasionally, one would dive, claim its prize and fly away. The wind shifted and the smell of rot filled his nose sending his olfactory senses scrambling into overdrive.
Suddenly, the roar of the diesel ceased, the clapper valve on top of the stack slapped closed and the last of the smoke whisked away on the breeze. The only sound was the call of the gulls and the wind rushing through the hurricane fence. Max stood watching the artificial tumbleweeds of wrappers and light plastic bags blow across the dump. Instinctively, he wanted to abandon the entire idea and run, but somewhere deep inside his soul he found a fragment of bravery and he clung tightly to it, and as the dozer door popped open he was able to hold his ground on shaky legs.
A stout fellow dressed in heavily stained, denim overalls, emerged from the cab and stepped out onto the track that was riddled with snagged bits of garbage. The man pulled a dirty rag from his back pocket and rubbed it across his shaved head. He jumped from the track and his heavy leather Brogans hit the ground with a solid thud. “Hey, dude, you can’t be in here,” he yelled. He extended an arm with red flames creeping up his thick forearm to a skull wearing a jester’s cap and the word JOKER tattooed below it. He pointed his finger at the hand-painted warning. “Can’t you read?” His bulldog-jowls jiggled with every step as he waded through the garbage to stifle the intrusion. To make his point, he stopped, picked up a stick and waved it in the air, ready to do battle. “Don’t make me come over there! I’ll chilly-whop your ass! Go on...get out of here!”
Max cloaked his fear with a Cheshire-Cat-grin. “I’m here to find something that I threw in the garbage by mistake.”
The man's forehead wrinkled as he squinted and scowled, making him look even more like a pissed-off bulldog. He yelled, “You don’t understand English? I said move along! If I have to come over there, I’m going to rip your arms off and beat your ass with them!”
Max took a step forward. “It’s very important.” He ventured another step. “It's a very important book.”
The man raised an eyebrow. “What makes it so important?”
“You wouldn’t understand. It’s advanced physics.”
The man reared back, turned his face up to the sky and laughed. “Woooooohooooo.” His demeanor suddenly changed and he gave Max the evil eye. “Well ain’t you uppity, fat boy, coming here in your fancy suit, throwing your authority around like it means something to me.”
“I didn’t mean any disrespect.” Max began to take slow careful steps forward.
The man squinted, Dirty Harry-style, and growled. “Take another step and I’ll slap a knot on your head and you’ll see stars. How’s that for advanced physics?”
Max held up his hand. “Look, no need for anyone getting hurt here.” He slowly reached into his back pocket and retrieved his wallet. He opened it up, grabbed a twenty-dollar bill and held it up. “Maybe we can come to some kind of agreement.”
The dozer-operator gritted his teeth and his face contorted into an ugly mask of rage. “Anything that comes through these gates belongs to me and never leaves.”
The man slapped the stick against the open palm of his hand and tightened his grip. The skin whitened around the DIABLO tattoo located below his knuckles.
A gust of wind caught a page of newspaper and tumbled it across the ground. The paper lodged around Max's ankle and flailed helplessly in the wind. He glanced down at the headline that said something about a man claiming that the voice of the devil told him to slaughter his innocent victims.
Diablo marched toward Max.
Another gust of wind ripped the gate open and it slammed the fence with a metallic bang.
Max jolted around. The thought shot through his mind that this could be divine intervention. He ran.
Six and a half blocks away, the stinging in Max's legs and his oxygen deprived lungs brought him to a halt. He looked back over his shoulder for any sign of Diablo, and was glad that the man was nowhere in sight. Max didn’t think that his overtaxed cardiovascular system could take the physical punishment without some kind of retribution from his body. If his pursuer had still been chasing him, then he would have to surrender and suffer the consequences of getting his ass chilly-whopped with his own limbs. After a few minutes of catching his breath, he decided that the dump-guy was sufficiently satisfied that he had chased the trespasser away and he plotted a course for home. As he walked, he hashed out a plan to liberate the book from the dump, and by the time he waded through the minefield of toys in the courtyard, Max decided that the only way to conceive a master plan would be by way of the machine, book or no book. When he came to the foot of the stairs he stopped and looked up, dreading the climb, but the need to carry out his strategy initiated his first step and kept him going all the way to the landing that led to his apartment.
A cold blast of air hit him in the face when he opened the door to his apartment. He stepped inside and reveled in the coolness—now that he had money to run the air conditioner—before marching over to the table where the machine sat and placed the copper ring on his head. He sat down on the sofa and flipped the switch. The tubes glowed orange, and they grew brighter when he dialed up the amperage. The humming turned into a loud drone and the fuzzy, blue, electric caterpillar made its slow crawl up the rods. When it was near the summit, Max shut the machine off. He had a thought and decided to act on it.
Max closed his eyes and waited for the pop. The arc of electricity made a leap to the ring and he suddenly found himself spinning out of control through a wormhole charged with bolts of lightning. Max tumbled past an image of Charley Axon driving a car wearing Bertram's pinstripe suit and neon glasses.
After the episode subsided, Max opened his eyes and retrieved the phone from the lining of his coat pocket. He dialed, and after a few rings, a male voice answered. “Hello?”
“Keller, it’s me, Max.” He could hear Bertram’s breathing against the background of dramatic music and a fretful conversation between and man and a woman. “Keller, answer me!” The woman on the television screamed, more dramatic music played.
Keller finally answered. “What do you want, Max?” In the background television sirens wailed with enough decibels to rattle window panes.
“Turn that thing down,” “Max yelled. Immediately, the rumbling of car engines in a high speed chase dipped into silence. “That’s better.” After a brief pause, Max said, “I need your help.”
“Can’t. I'm watching TV.”
Max felt a tinge of anger burning in his cheeks, but kept the tone of his voice pleasant. “I need for you to help me figure out how to operate…” He read the name off the brass plate. “Der Gott Maschine,” not certain that he remembered how to pronounce it properly.
“Not now, Max, there’s a Hitchcock marathon on tonight and I don’t want to miss it.”
“Forget about that stupid Hitchcock marathon for a minute!” Max yelled.
“What’s eating you?” Keller retaliated from the other end of the line.
“What’s eating me? I’ll tell you what’s eating me! I've got bigger fish to fry than to waste time on some sniveling little dope from work! You know what, Keller; just forget that I called you!” Max disconnected the call and slammed the phone down. He picked up the ring and slammed it down on his head. “Owwww!” He cursed the ring for hurting him and flipped the switch.
The spinning disc generated another bolt of electricity. Raw electricity began a slow crawl up the rods. The blue arc of electricity was close to the top and he squeezed his eyes shut, felt the sting of electrical current coursing through his brain, causing his frustration to arouse the ravenous attic piranhas, and they needed a mental snack. He tossed Keller’s image into the angry waters of his mind and the piranhas boiled around Bertram, picking his carcass clean. He watched as Bertram’s bare bones spiraled down into the unfathomable darkness. Max snickered, and thought, That’ll fix ya. He burped, patted his belly.
In his mind's eye, an attic piranha swam away with a hunk of red and white pinstriped suit in its toothy grin. Another attic piranha zipped by wearing Bertram's bow tie and neon-green glasses. Suddenly, he remembered the magnetism of his thoughts and opened his eyelids flew open. Terror filled his eyes. In a frenzy, Max turned off the machine, scrambled for his phone, and speed dialed Bertram’s number.
The other end echoed the sound of a click. Max breathed a sigh of relief. “Bertram, I’m sorry that I yelled.” Instead of Bertram's voice responding there was screaming and the sound of mayhem in the background. “Oh, dear God! No!” The call suddenly disconnected. Max hung up and stared off. “They ate Bertram.” Without a moment to lose, he flipped the switch, cleared his mind and imagined Keller sitting in front of his television watching Hitchcock reruns just as a bolt jumped from the antennas to the ring that sent Max sprawling to the ground. When he regained consciousness, he jumped up and turned off the machine before it could arc again. With a shaky finger, he called Keller and much to his relief, Bertram answered. He hung up without a word. Relieved that he was able to reverse the effects of his first vision, he decided to produce the same results for manifesting his desires without the aid of the book and resolve the need to go to the dump at all.
A fruitless hour later, with no results of manifesting anything and a black ring of scorched skin and hair around his head, he tossed his ring down and ran to the kitchen. Max dropped to his knees, clawed through the cleaning agents, and found a small box. “Here they are.”
Now, there was only one thing left to do. He made another phone call.

Chapter 11

An hour later the doorbell rang.
When Max opened the door, a shocked Ramir stood slack-jawed staring back at Max's singed hair and the blisters beginning to rise and to the garbage bags taped all over Max’s body and pointed. “Did I get sucked through a wormhole and now it's Halloween? What are you supposed to be?”
Max poked his head outside and looked both ways before grabbing Ramir’s arm and dragging him in. “It's a disguise.”
“What for?”
“To sneak into the dump.” He handed Ramir the small box of garbage bags. “Put these on.”
Ramir backed up. “Oh no.”
“Then why’d you come here?”
“Because,” said Ramir, “you sounded frantic when you called. I dropped by to see if you were okay and to… to apologize for deserting you.” He stiffened and squared his shoulders. “But I should have known that if I came over here it would lead to something crazy.” He reached behind his back and felt for the doorknob.
“Go ahead and leave. But if it was your idea to sneak into the dump to get the book back, I would help you.”
“No, you wouldn't.” Ramir opened the door.
“It’s your fault that the manual ended up in the dump.”
Ramir shut the door, took the box, and struggled to wrap himself in garbage bags using electrical tape as re-enforcement.
“Here,” Max offered, “let me help you.” He stuck a bag on Ramir’s leg and made several rounds with the tape.
“Owwwwww,” Ramir cried. “Too tight.”
“Don’t be such a baby.” Max loosened the tape. “Is that better?”
Ramir nodded his head.
Max finished the job and picked up a small can from the counter. “Now, for the final touch.” Using the tips of his fingers, he dished up a slab of goopy, black shoe polish and slathered it across Ramir’s face. He stepped back and admired his handy work. “If I saw you on a street corner, I would think you were a bag of garbage.” He smeared what was left in his hand across his own face.
Ramir looked down at the outfit. “I look ridiculous, Max.”
“There’s nothing ridiculous about it. The guys in Special Forces are masters of disguise. Do you think they are ridiculous?”
“No, but they don’t go around dressed up like bags of garbage.”
“Believe me, they would do whatever it takes to get the job done. Now let’s go.”
They made it quickly downstairs and then crept stealthily outside the apartment building and hid in the depths of the courtyard's shadows. A fandango of people, music, barbecue and beer was in progress.
Ramir slapped Max on the shoulder. “Let’s go back to your place and get this stuff off before someone sees us.”
“We can’t quit before we even get started. We’ll just have to wait it out.”
“No way,” Ramir protested. “That might take all night.” He grabbed a handful of the plastic material in his hand. “Besides, this stuff is hot.”
Max pointed to the apartment building. “We can sit up against that wall over there until the party is over. Come on.” He retreated under a grove of trees and navigated through the shadows toward the building.
Ramir groaned and followed.
They sat down and propped their backs against the bricks. Max and the other bag of pseudo garbage began a silent charade that would last for hours.
Max shifted positions to alleviate the throbbing pain in his butt cheek, only for the ache to find its way to the other side within a matter of minutes. The time dragged by slowly as the laughter and voices mingling with music carried on with relentless endurance. He watched Ramir drift into a peaceful sleep.
The moon was high when Max nudged a snoring Ramir in the side. “Wake up.”
Ramir's eyelids fluttered open and he snorted. “What?” His voice was infested with child-like wonder. “Are we there yet?” He rubbed his eyes and looked around. “Damn, we're still at the apartments.”
Max pressed a finger to his lips. “Shhhhhhh. Listen.”
Ramir cocked his head and turned his ear to the courtyard. “I don’t hear anything.”
“Precisely. The party is over.” Max fell forward, rolled over and sprawled out face up on the ground. “Ohhhhh God, that feels so good.” He struggled to his feet and the dull ache fled his muscles and joints. He looked at his watch. “We're running out of time, let’s get going.”
With a grudging Ramir in tow, Max crept through the courtyard in stealth-mode, avoiding the puddles of moonlight pooling in small patches on the ground. He looked back over his shoulder at Ramir and whispered, “Watch out for toys.” As soon as the words left his lips, he hung a toy truck on the tip of his shoe that sent him plunging to the ground. He stood up muttering curses under his breath while he put his disguise back in order. He continued to mutter curses of damnation all the way to his destination―Ramir’s ’86 Volvo. He stopped in front of the car. “What happened to the Civic?”
“That was my wife's car. This is my little baby,” he stated proudly.
Max hiked his leg and planted his left foot on the hood. A chunk of rust fell out of the fender well, plummeted to the concrete and crumbled. He pulled off his shoe and rubbed his toes. He studied the car's patchwork of mismatched paint and pitted rust. The windshield had a long crack that ran the horizontal length of the glass. “Do you think this thing will make it to the other side of town?”
“Well, it's this or nothing.”
Max looked the car over again. “I would say that this is pretty close to nothing.”
“At least mine runs.”
Max responded with a scowl. “Just wait until I figure how to operate that machine. I’ll be driving the snazziest, most expensive sports car ever made!” With great effort and a long drawn out grunt, he pulled his foot from the hood and slipped his shoe back on. He walked over to the door and opened it under a protest of creaks and snaps, punctuated with an orange cloud of rust. “We'd better park a block away. We're planning a sneak attack, you know.”
Ramir sighed, rolled his eyes, and opened his door under the same demands of protest. He planted himself behind the wheel and stuck the key into the ignition switch. He turned it and the engine roared to life, clanking and chugging on every RPM.
Max had one foot planted on the floorboard and one foot still on the curb. “Maybe we should walk.”
“It sounds better once the engine warms up,” Ramir assured him. He nodded his head at the empty passenger seat. “Come on and get in.”
Max reluctantly sat down and settled on the exposed cotton and springs of the ripped vinyl seat. “This is like riding on a porcupine.”
Ramir said, “Just put your seatbelt on.”
Max snickered. “Hell no. That would be like climbing into a large wooden crate filled with dynamite, handcuffing myself to it, and then lighting the fuse.”
Ramir scowled. “Suit yourself.” He shifted into drive and the car died out. “She can be a little ornery sometimes.” He pumped the gas pedal and turned the key again and the engine rumbled beneath the hood with knocks and clanks. He threw the floor shifter into drive and punched the accelerator. The Volvo lurched forward with a squeal as the tires gnawed into the pavement. “See!” Ramir grinned. “I told you, pure power.” The car rumbled down the street leaving a trail of black smoke bellowing from the rear.
Max looked at their garb of trash bags and had a thoughtful insight. “We look like a couple of superheroes. You know, cruising the city at night, fighting crime and restoring truth and justice and stuff like that.”
Ramir frowned. “I told you what I think. We look like a couple of idiots.”
Max began humming the nostalgic Batman theme song from the sixties television program while moving his head in rhythm.
Ramir cringed, grabbed the knob of the radio, and gave it a twist. White noise squalled through the speakers. He punched the selection dial and it produced more static. He turned the radio off and he listened to Max's rendition of the theme song several more times.
The tune began to wrap itself around Ramir's brain and by the fifth time, he began to sing the words to the song. They pulled up to the dump on the last note and the car chugged to the curb, sputtered and died.
Max looked at him. “Should we bury it?”
Ramir got out of the car. “You really shouldn’t make fun of my car. At least it got us here.”
Max opened his door, hearing the same complaints from the hinges as he had while getting inside the car. He slammed the door.
“Quiet,” Ramir said. “Do you want everyone to hear us?”
“I'm sure that if there were anyone around, they would have heard us from five blocks away.” Max walked over and pressed his face close to the chain link enclosure. He stepped back and looked at the top of the fence. “We have a problem.”
“What do you mean?” Ramir was now at Max’s side.
“Look at the barbed-wire at the top of the fence.”
Ramir tilted his head up. “Yeah, I see it. So what?”
Max raised his hand and pointed to the thorny steel spikes. “They are turned in, not out.” He stepped back up to the fence and pressed his face against the links.
Ramir scratched the top of his head. “What does that mean?”
Before Max could answer, a large shape charged out of the darkness and slammed against the fence. The impact sent him sprawling backwards, spread-eagle onto the sidewalk.
A large pit bull growled, pressed its snout against the thin barrier of woven steel and stared at the trespassers with angry, hollow eyes. It bared its sharp canine incisors set in powerful jaws that were geared to rip flesh from bones.
Max sat up and shook his head to clear it. “It means that the barbed-wire is keeping something in, not out.” He pointed to the creature's collar. “Its name is Demon.” The hellhound snapped at Max's finger and he instinctively yanked it back.
Over the snarls and barks, Ramir shouted, “What do we do now?”
Max stood up and brushed himself off. “We go in.”
Ramir had a wild look in his eyes and shivered. “You're crazy if you think I’m going in there with that thing from hell.” He grabbed a handful of garbage bag and asked, “Do you think your idiotic super-hero disguise will protect us?” He pointed at Demon. “From that?” Ramir took a few steps back from the teeth gnawing at the fence. “What we need is a tranquilizer gun.” He turned to Max. “Where can we find one at this time of night?”
“Don’t be dense, Ramir. Nobody is going to give us a tranquilizer gun any time of the day or night. Relax. I’ve got an idea.”
“Oh Lord!” He made the sign of the cross.
Max stepped over to the car and opened the door. He motioned to Ramir with a wave of his arm. “Come on, we're going to Hinkley's.”

Chapter 12

The little black Volvo sputtered and clanged its way across town, chugging to a stop in the all-night supermarket's sparsely populated parking lot.
Ramir began feverishly tearing at his garbage bags.
Max looked at him and asked, “What are you doing?”
Ramir continued ripping away at the plastic. “I’m not going in there dressed like this.”
Max reached out and grabbed Ramir’s hand, stopping the assault on the bags. “Stop it; I don’t have any more garbage bags.”
He pulled free from Max’s grip. “Buy some.” He nodded his head at the Hinkley’s Food sign.
“Even if I did buy more, putting your disguise back on would take time.” Max looked at his watch. “It’s almost midnight and you can bet the dump-guy will be at work by five. That doesn’t give us much time.” Max cracked his door and shoved it open with his foot. “Now let’s go get the things we need.”
A buggy-boy was rounding up all the strays, forming a long line of shopping carts ready to herd across the parking lot. He stopped his endeavors to watch the cloaked Max and Ramir pass by with their tatters of plastic slapping against the wind.
Ramir ducked his head down as he passed and said, “See, now we have a witness.”
Max shrugged. “A witness to what? Do you think that someone is going to report some missing garbage?”
When they reached the entrance, the automatic doors whisked open and they stepped inside to a rush of cold air and the sound of an old Benny Goodman tune pouring from the speakers.
Max stopped in mid-step. “Meat.”
The closely trailing Ramir could not avoid the collision and smashed into him.
Max took off walking again.
Ramir caught up with him and matched his pace. He looked perplexed and repeated Max's statement as a question. “Meat?”
“Yeah, meat.” Max repeated. He made a sudden turn and left Ramir at the Mrs. Grabnapple's Nummie Nummie Cookies display.
Ramir chased after him and his plastic shell rattled as he hurried up the aisle. He flanked Max. “We’re going to feed Demon?”
Max responded with a tilted smile that carried a touch of malevolence. He picked up a package of lean ground-meat. “That's not all that we're going to do.”
“What do you mean?”
Max pointed to the sign at the other end of the store that was hanging from the ceiling. “We're going over there.”
Ramir looked up. He nodded his head and smiled. “Oh, I get it now. I think.” When he looked back down, Max was gone and he rushed to catch up.
A night stocker stood frozen in terror on aisle seven as Ramir swiftly approached.
Ramir's diligent pace cost him when he came too close to the shelf stocked with Tampons and raked them all to the floor. He managed to squeeze out a high pitched, “Sorry,” as he breezed by the stocker. He navigated the aisles until he found Max standing among the pharmaceutical supplies.
Max grabbed a bottle of SLEEP TITE off the shelf as Ramir joined him. “Where have you been? We don't have all night, you know.” He held the bottle up and silently moved his lips as he read the back of the label to himself. “This will do it. Now, let’s get out of here before we lose any more time.”
Max marched up to the only checkout counter that was open. The cashier was a young girl that looked to be fresh out of her teens. Her long blond hair was neatly pulled back in a ponytail. Her blue eyes filled with terror as Max placed his items onto the conveyer belt.
She nervously reached out, grabbed the package of ground-meat, and ran it across the scanner. It bleeped and she stuffed it into a plastic bag. She did the same for the sleeping pills, never taking her eyes off the men. She managed a shaky smile and asked, “Will that be all, sir?”
Max gave a gentle nod. “Yeah, that’s all.”
The girl took her eyes off them long enough to look at the total and quickly brought her eyes back to the plastic-clad duo. “That’ll be ten dollars and ninety five cents.”
Max smiled and reached for his wallet tucked away in the back pocket of his jeans, finding it securely wrapped beneath plastic bags and electrical tape. He stuck his butt out and looked back over his shoulder at Ramir. “Rip me.”
Ramir backed up with a look of disgust, betraying his inner-vision's opinion of Max’s vulnerable position. “No way, man.”
Max stuck his butt out further. “Come on, Ramir, rip me.”
The young girl’s jaw dropped and her round-eyed stare was vacant of any type of reasoning at the situation taking place at her register. “I’m calling the manager,” she said. “You two are disgusting.”
Max waved his hands in the air. “No. Wait. You don’t understand. My wallet is in my back pocket. You see; we're undercover detectives staking out an alley for a drug bust.” He tugged at the plastic bag. “These are our disguises.”
“Oh my God.” A huge smile blossomed on her lips. She pointed to herself. “I’m in my second year of criminology at Val Tech.”
“Really?” Max crowed. “I attended Val Tech and that’s where I got my degree in criminology.”
“This is the bomb!” Her eyes sparkled with delight. “I mean, way too cool.” She leaned across the counter toward him and asked in a low voice. “Are those items for the bust?”
“Yeah,” Max said with a gleam in his eyes. “That’s exactly what they’re for.”
She settled back behind the counter. “I thought so.” She looked both ways before she cleared the register. “No charge.”
They took their items, making a hasty retreat. In the parking lot Ramir said, “That was way too close for comfort, Max. I think we should forget about this whole thing before we get caught and spend a night in jail.”
Max shook his head. “You know how important it is for us to get the manual.”
“But what if it's impossible to find? I mean this whole thing is crazy.”
Max stopped walking and looked Ramir in the eyes. “What choice do we have? We have to stop Kenny.”
Ramir nodded his head, but in the back of his mind he held the thought that Max was in it for himself. “Let’s go.”
The black Volvo sputtered to a stop two blocks from the dump. Max got out. “Help me shove the car underneath these trees so no one will see it.” Ramir helped him conceal the vehicle in the shadows. Max brushed his hands together with a satisfied grin. “That should do it. Now, let’s have the meat and those pills.”
Ramir removed the plastic bag from the car's front seat, took the pills from it, and handed them to him.
Max squinted as he held up the bottle trying to read the label in the dim glow of a distant streetlight. “It says take two pills for a deep restful sleep.”
Ramir replied, “How many do we give Demon?”
“The entire bottle,” Max said. He popped open the cap. “Now, give me the ground beef.”
Ramir ripped off the clear plastic-wrap and then handed the raw meat to him. “Don’t you think the whole bottle will be too much?”
Max made a hollow in the meat and dumped the entire contents of the bottle inside. “Nope, I’m worried that it's not enough.” He folded the meat in half and patted it into a nice round ball. He eyed it with satisfaction. “That should do it.” He looked at Ramir. “Ready?”
Ramir took off walking. “Let’s do this before I change my mind.”
Max stood at the fence, pressed his face into the chain links and stared into the empty darkness. “Here, Demon. Here, poochie poochie. Come see what Uncle Maxie and Uncle Ramir have for you.” He pushed back from the fence and looked at Ramir. “I don’t think the dog is there.”
“What do you mean?” asked Ramir. “He has to be in there.”
Max gestured to the dump. “Do you see him? I don’t see him.” He handed over the ball of meat, wedged a toe sticking out the end of his shoe in one of the links, and used a hand to hoist himself up.
“What are you doing?” Ramir asked.
“What does it look like? I’m going over.”
He grabbed Max by the foot and tugged. “Are you crazy? That thing in there will eat you alive.”
Max shook his foot. “Let go of me, Ramir. I have to get that manual.”
He released his grip. “Okay man, if that’s what you really want to do, then go over. Get eaten.”
Max looked down. “Are you trying to manipulate me?”
“Is it working?” Ramir asked with a grin. Then he quickly sobered. “No man, I’m trying to talk some sense into you.”
“Well then, do you have a better idea?”
“No, I don’t have any ideas.”
“That’s what I thought.” Max continued to ascend the fence until he reached the summit. He gingerly touched the tip of a barb. “Wow.” He looked down at Ramir. “Sharp, like the edge of a razor.”
Ramir looked away and shook his head.
Max carefully planted his knee in between the sharp spikes. He took the same careful consideration for his hands. He edged up on the wire and planted the other knee next to the first one. He precariously balanced himself and looked down at the soft earth far below. Then, without reservation, he jumped. He took the blow from the landing with a tuck and tumble and rolled to a stop. He stood up, spread his arms out, ran a few yards from the fence and then turned around. “Taaa-daaa. Nothing to it, Ramir. Now it's your turn.”
“Hey, Max, how are you going to get out of there?”
Max looked around. “I don’t know. Why?”
“Well, you might want to figure it out.” He pointed into the darkness as Demon emerged running full throttle directly at Max.
Max went from testosterone to estrogen in zero to five seconds and screamed like a female in a cheap, cheesy, horror movie. He ran for the fence with Demon close on his tail. Looking back, he screamed again, his expression was of sheer terror. “Hurry, throw the meat over the fence. Throw it, damn it.” He made a broad leap for the fence as Ramir tossed the hunk of meat over. Max felt the faint pinch of teeth and heard the ripping of cloth as Demon took a sizable hunk from his pants leg. He scaled the fence in record time, but stopped when his head hit the strands of barbed-wire and pricked his scalp. A small stream of blood trickled down his forehead. He looked down, and there was Demon smiling up at him with bits of denim and garbage bag wedged in his pearly whites.
Ramir looked up. “Now what are we going to do?”
Max watched Demon devour his late-night almost-all-beef snack and replied. “We wait.”
The moon had sunk on the horizon and the wire had begun to eat into the flesh of Max's fingers. He could feel himself losing his grip.
Ramir sat on the sidewalk leaning against a lamppost taking a nap.
Demon remained posted beneath Max. The dog's eyes closed and he swayed to one side. His eyes popped open and he snarled, then fell over.
Max fell and screamed on his way down.
Ramir's eyes flew open and he watched a helpless Max plummet, take a hard landing, and lay on the ground nose-to-nose with Demon.
Ramir jumped up and ran to the fence. “Is he dead?”
Max propped himself up on one elbow and poked the dog with his finger.
Demon snorted, stretched out, and began to snore.
“No,” Max said, “but we should hurry before this thing wakes up.”
Ramir fetched a stick off the ground, walked over to the fence and poked Demon through the wire.
Demon snorted again and growled.
Max grabbed the stick from Ramir's hand and pulled it through the fence. He broke it over his knee. “Are you trying to get me killed?” He tossed the broken pieces away.
“I just wanted to be sure that it was asleep.” Ramir scaled the fence, climbed over the barbed-wire, and dropped to the ground. He surveyed the dump. “How are we ever going to find the manual in all this trash? There's acres of it.”
“Well, we’re not going to find anything just by standing here, are we?” Max looked at Demon. “I’m not sure when that monster will wake up.” He looked at his watch. “And I don't want to be here when Diablo shows up.”
“Who’s Diablo?”
“The dozer-operator slash overseer of the dump. Believe me, Ramir, we don’t want to be here when he shows up. We'd better hurry.” Max waded out to one of the mountains of refuse, bent over, pulled a chunk of garbage from the pile, and tossed it back over his shoulder. He grabbed another hunk and did the same. He stood upright and looked back at a motionless Ramir. “Well, are you just going to stand there, or are you going to help me?”
Ramir tore a hole in the plastic bag and dug out a silver Zippo lighter. He flipped the top open.
With lightning speed, Max raced over and grabbed it from Ramir’s hands. “What do you think you’re doing?”
“It’s dark and I can’t see anything. We didn’t bring any flashlights.”
Max ripped a hole in his garbage bag and tucked the lighter into his hip pocket. “Do you know what would have happened if you would have flicked that wheel?”
Ramir shook his head.
“The rotting garbage is creating methane gas, and after the explosion, you and I would be well on our way to the next solar system and this place would burn for an eternity. Now let's get busy digging.”
“Okay, but it’s useless without light.” Ramir grudgingly ambled over to the mountain and began to pluck at the smoking heap.
“Remember, don’t make any sparks.”

Chapter 13

Ramir slowed down and carefully began removing bits and pieces from the heap. After each handful, he set each piece gently down on the ground.
Max looked at Ramir. “What are you doing?”
“Being careful.” Ramir answered. “I don’t want to make the morning news.”
“I said be careful, not paranoid. Now come on, pick up the pace and remember, only the small white bags.”
“Found one.” Ramir held up his prize over his head and dangled it like a pheasant acquired from a hunt.
“Great,” Max replied. “Rip it open.”
Ramir tossed it on the ground, tore the bag open, and dumped the contents. He gave it a quick scan. “Nothing.” He dove back down into the garbage searching for more.
They had managed to excavate a large cavity in the base of one of the mountains of refuse. Ramir stood straight, reached around, and grabbed his lower lumbar. “Ouch.” He looked at the tons of remaining garbage towering above their heads. “Man, this is crazy. It would take a miracle to find one little book in all of this.”
“Max, look!” Ramir was pointing at the ground. “There it is!”
Not more than a yard from their toes the top half of the book was jutting out of the garbage like a sprouting spring flower.
Max quickly stooped to retrieve it, but when the earth trembled he stopped. He straightened and looked around. “What the hell was that?”
Ramir looked down at his feet and then jerked his head up and stared at Max with concerned eyes. “It felt like a tremor. We'd better get the book and get out of here.”
Max waved it off. “Don’t be ridiculous. We don’t have earthquakes in this part of the country.” The earth trembled again and then began to quake. Max leveled his gaze on the tumultuous terrain. “It is an earthquake!”
Ramir shook his head. “No!” He raised his arm and pointed a shaky finger in the air. “Avalanche!”
Max spun around in time to see the top bags breaking loose from the heap and begin to slide down the mountain with deadly speed. He screamed, “RUN!” and bolted, with a tidal wave of black plastic bags in close pursuit. He looked back. The towering surge of darkness crested above his head and eclipsed the light of the waxing moon. The enormous wave of garbage overcame his attempt at escape and came crashing down upon his head.
The next moments brought engulfing darkness and suffocating silence. The stench of rotting mulch filled his nostrils. He could move, thank God. He thrust his arm upward through the crust of trash, grabbed air and wiggled his fingers. He clawed his way to the top. His head broke the surface and he sucked in a deep gulp of air, like someone that had been underwater too long. He struggled to pull himself out of the heap and stand on wobbly legs. Decorated with bits and pieces of stinking refuse, the stuff clinging to his outfit made his disguise more complete.
He swiveled his head and looked in every direction. He cupped his hands around his mouth and yelled at the top of his lungs, “Ramir!”
No answer.
“Ramir, where are you?”
No answer.
Good fortune had graced Max with a pocket of air, but Ramir might not have been as lucky. He felt a sense of panic growing inside him. His friend's life was on the clock. He frantically dug in the area he'd last seen him, calling his name until he was breathing hard and his arms and legs were aching from exhaustion. He made another visual sweep. The surge could have buried Ramir anywhere, and time was growing short. He extended his search by climbing the foothills and drifts the avalanche had created.
Max surrendered all hope, threw his hands in the air, and let them fall limply at his sides. He looked down and stared at his feet with the hopeless conclusion that Ramir would forever remain an unsolved mystery to everyone but Max. He not only lost the book, but also killed his only friend in the process. He flopped down on the garbage. He looked up and yelled, “RAMIR, I’M SORRY!” He planted his face in his open hands and began to sob.
He felt something poke him in the butt. The nudge prompted him to lift his face from his hands and look down in puzzlement. “What the hell?” Another nudge on the butt sent him jumping to his feet and staring down at the ground with wild curiosity. The surface bobbed up and down like a hatchling about to break through the thin wall of an eggshell. Before he could react, an object broke the surface and thrust upward.
It was a handful of papers attached to an arm. The white vapors of methane gas, rising up from the eruption, gave the moment an eerie appearance of a scene from a George Romero movie. Hope for Ramir’s resurrection from the tomb of refuse sent a shockwave of excitement crashing through Max’s body. “RAMIR!” He scrambled to his knees and frantically clawed down, digging away until Ramir’s face came shining through.
He gasped and coughed. He looked up at Max and said through a strained throat, “I found the book!”
Max snatched it out of Ramir's hand and held it up in the early morning light. “Unbelievable. You've saved us.” He folded the papers and tucked them inside a rip in his plastic suit. “Let’s get you out of there.”
He took Max's hand, climbed out of the hole and sat on top of the ground pulling garbage out of his hair. “I don't even want to know what this stuff is.”
The sky turned pink as the sun peeked over the horizon. Max looked up and said, “We'd better get out of here.”
The sound of keys jingled and the gate rattled.
Ramir said, “Too late.”
“Now we've really got troubles.” Max dropped to the ground and lay flat. He looked up at Ramir. “Quick hide, before he sees us.”
Without a moment of hesitation, Ramir quickly dropped and cuddled up next to Max.
“Hide yourself.” Max clutched a bag of garbage against his chest. He squiggled his butt, burrowing deeper into the trash.
Ramir clawed into the refuse and raked bags around his body.
Within moments, they had constructed a pillbox from loose bags complete with a peephole. They both gazed through the small opening as Diablo kicked the gate open with the heavy sole of his boot.
Diablo looked around at the turmoil that had taken place in his absence, gnashed his teeth together, and growled, “There is going to be hell to pay.” He snatched the club propped against the fence and slapped the fat end against his open palm with a loud crack. He raised it in the air and yelled out, “I know you’re in here!” He sniffed the air. “I can smell you. Come out, come out, wherever you are,” he sang out. The convoluted geography of the dump refused to relinquish the location of the trespassers. “Last chance.” The dump remained silent. “Okay, when I find you, I'm going to beat you into a mound of bloody pulp for Demon’s next meal.”
Ramir nudged Max in the side with his elbow. “Did you hear that?”
“Shut up.” Max whispered. “Do you want to give away our position?”
The man trudged through the garbage and rummaged through a pile near the fence. “I should leave you buried.” He grabbed the sleeping Demon by the collar and fished him up and out of the waste. “Wake your lazy ass up, mutt.” He shook the dog and roused him from his narcotic-induced sleep. “You let someone get inside while you were sleeping.”
Demon cracked open an eyelid and peeked out.
“Get up and find whoever it is.”
Demon lifted his head and sniffed the air. His upper lip peeled away from his flesh-ripping teeth and he growled.
Diablo released Demon’s collar. “Kill.”
The dog put his nose to the ground and trotted off in the direction of the shivering mound of garbage.
Ramir watched the viscous dog making his way across the uneven terrain. “We're a couple of dead men.”
Max elbowed Ramir in the side. “We will be if you don't shut up and stop shaking.”
Demon zigzagged through the dump.
Diablo slapped the end of the club against the palm of his hand, anticipating the great satisfaction of chilly-whopping an ass or two with his stick.
Demon sniffed the air as he crept closer to the quivering mound.
Diablo stopped beating the club against his open hand. “What do you have there, boy?”
Demon answered with a snarl and poked his head in closer to the bags.
Max felt the dog's hot breath brush against his cheek. Demon's nose was one inch away from Max’s eyes.
Demon bared his teeth and growled.
Max was sure that the hellhound was about to snatch one of his eyes from its socket for a tasty treat before the carnage commenced.
A pair of denim-clad knees appeared in Max’s line of vision. “What did ya’ find, boy?”
Demon lifted his front paw, placed it on top of Max's head, and whined.
Diablo bent down and carefully inspected the mound of bags. He stood up and rocked back on the heels of his boots. He laughed and said, “Well, I’ll be damned.”
Max felt his heart shoot up in his throat. He swallowed.
Diablo stooped, so close, that if Max had batted an eyelash it would have brushed against the bare skin of the dump-guy’s arm. The man patted Demon on the head.
The dog stopped whining and wagged its tail.
Diablo grabbed Demon by his collar and pulled the dog's face close to his own. “You stupid animal. This is just bags of garbage.” He released the dog's collar. “Now find whoever's in here.”
Demon whined and pawed at Max.
The dump-guy gave the dog a shove with his boot. “I said go.”
Still whining, the dog refused to relinquish his ground.
Diablo tugged on Demon’s collar and began dragging him from the spot.
They watched Diablo set a new course for a mottled dune, dragging the stubborn dog along.
Ramir settled back and let out a sigh of relief. He looked at Max. “I think I pissed my pants.”
A spider scuttled across the garbage, level with Max’s eyes. It wouldn’t have been so bad if it had kept going, but it didn’t. The thing stopped in front of his nose. Max loathed and feared arachnids, all of them. Suddenly more of the creatures showed. Max shot straight up and screamed.
Diablo stopped and wheeled around.
Max grabbed Ramir’s arm and uprooted him like a ripe carrot. “Let’s get outta here!”
“You don’t need to tell me twice, brother.”
They sprinted for the fence with an occasional glance back over their shoulders. Ramir led the heat and Max lagged behind. The years of sitting on the couch consuming bags of chips and gallons of icy soda slowed him down, but the toes sliding in and out of the blown-out shoe brought him to a stop.
Ramir turned around. “Come on, Max, we’re almost there.”
Max waved him on. “Get out of here. I can’t go any further.”
The hound from hell and Diablo crested over the horizon of garbage. “Now I've got you!”
Ramir’s eyes rounded with terror. “Come on, Max!”
Demon raced toward them with Diablo on his heels.
Max reached in his pocket and struggled to free the Zippo lighter.
Demon and Diablo were quickly closing the gap.
Max wrapped his fingers around the metal casing. He flipped the lid and placed his thumb on the wheel. He shouted at Ramir. “Get out of here! Now!”
Demon snarled and the man waved his club in the air.
Max spun the wheel and as it sparked against the flint, the wick burst into flame.
Ramir turned and fled through the gate.
Demon bared his teeth as he approached Max.
Without hesitation, Max tossed the lighter into the methane mist.
Demon lunged.
After the blinding flash of light, Max felt himself spiraling through the air. The flight had Wright brother's duration. He wished it had the control of a Wright brother's landing. He smacked down hard on the pavement, tumbled over debris, and came to a stop in the middle of the street. He was a smoking mound of melted plastic and a rash of scrapes and cuts. He struggled to his feet and watched the flames and black smoke shoot high in the sky against the morning light. He stumbled on wobbly legs the two blocks to Ramir’s car.
Ramir rushed over to him. “Man, I thought you were dead.”
Max answered with a weak, “Me too.”
“What in the hell happened?” Ramir asked.
“I blew them up. Quick, get in the car and let’s get out of here!” Max bypassed the pops and snaps of the door and climbed through the open window.
Ramir reached through the tear in the outer lining of plastic bags and grappled the keys from his pocket. He opened the door and quickly slid into the driver’s seat. He started the engine and it roared to life. He slumped with relief. “Whew, thank God.” He slammed it in gear and punched the accelerator. The engine sputtered and died. He looked over at Max and turned the key again. The starter rolled and the engine whined. He held the key in place until the battery began to drain. He slammed his hands against the steering wheel and squeezed his eyes shut. “This can’t be happening. Not now.”
Max raised his hands to the side of his head and pressed the palms against his temples. He squeezed his eyes shut.
Ramir's face dropped. “Come on. Are you really going to try to start the car with your electromagnetic brain waves?”
Max dropped his hands. “No. I've got an idea.” He pushed the door open, jumped out of the car, and raced to the front. He wadded his hand into a tight fist and gave the hood a hard rap. “Try it now,” he yelled.
Ramir turned the key and the engine roared to life. He stuck his head out the window and yelled, “Hurry up, Max, get in the car and let’s get out of here.” 
As they sped away, Max slid down in the seat and groaned.
“What’s the matter?”
“I didn’t get the manual.” He held his open palms in front of his face. “It was right there, in my hands.” He dropped his hands and whipped his head around to stare at Ramir with a revelation rounding his eyes. “We have to go back and get it!” 
Ramir shook his head.
Max reached over and grabbed two handfuls of charred plastic. “Turn this car around! Now!”
“Relax would you. I've got it right here.” As he smugly whipped out the book from the folds of burnt plastic, the smoldering tip only needed one more element to complete the fire triangle equation. “Oh my God!” Ramir yelled. The book burst into flames. He threw the flaming mass out of the open window.
“Are you crazy!” Max yelled. He whipped his head around and stared back over his shoulder. The book lay in the middle of the road in flames. “We’ve got to go back!”
Ramir slammed on the brakes and the Volvo’s tires squalled as the car did a one-eighty and the sound of rubber eating into the pavement didn’t stop until the car came to rest in the other lane.
Max flung the door open and raced to the ebbing fire.
 He bent down to retrieve the scorched remains. The glowing ashes crumbled in his hands. “Great!” Max cried out. “Now what'll we do?”

Chapter 14

Ramir pulled into the parking lot of the Coral Reef Apartments and shoved the shifter into park. “Get out.”
“What?”
“You heard me.” Ramir's face reflected the tiredness seeping into his bones. He yawned. “I've been out all night. I'm going to have to tell my wife that I've been at a strip-club because she wouldn't believe me if I told her what really happened.”
“Would you forget about your wife for one minute. We’ve got bigger problems like what are we going to do about Kenny.” Max snapped his fingers and his eyes lit up. “Come up to my apartment.”
“Forget it, Max. Your crazy schemes have caused me enough trouble. Destroying public property is a federal offense, and I'm not going to jail.”
A siren wailed in the distance.
“I wonder what that's about?” Max scratched his head.
Two more sirens joined in. The acrid smell of burning plastic had hitched a ride on the morning breeze and brought the odor through the open window of the car.
Ramir pointed to the huge column of black smoke curling up into the sky. “It's the dump.”
“I wonder if it's made the news.” Max turned on the radio and punched through the settings searching for a station. The bent antenna caught a signal and the speakers crackled. A newscaster's voice filtered through the noise and delivered the special bulletin about the city dump of Camden possibly being the target of a terrorist attack. Eyewitnesses claimed to have seen an early model Volvo leaving the scene after the explosion.
“See, I told you.” Anguish crimped Ramir's forehead. He turned the radio off and slapped his hands over his face. “My God! What have I gotten myself into?” He let his hands slide down. “I've got to get out of here.”
“Maybe you should come inside until this blows over.”
“No.” Ramir turned to him. “I said, get out of my car.”
A police car slowly cruised through the parking lot.
Max recognized the two officers as the same ones that busted him in front of Robbie's Convenience Store. “Get down.”
They both slumped down in their seats until it passed.
“I can't do prison,” Max whined, “look at me.”
Ramir shrugged. “I don't know; you get free room and board in there. And workouts.” He acknowledged Max's belly with a pat. “Face it; you could use a few workouts.”
“If I go, you go too. Accessory to the crime or something like that. Comprende?”
Ramir shut the engine down. “Okay, I'll go in, but only until I figure out what I'm going to do.”
They got out of the car and ripped off their disguises.
Max used his shirttail to remove the shoe polish from his face.
Twin girls on matching Barbie bikes zoomed past him and giggled.
He frowned. “What are they laughing at?”
Ramir pointed to Max’s forehead.
He reached up and touched the bare skin above his eye with the tip of his index finger. He felt above the other eye. The condition had repeated itself. “Where's my eyebrows!” He slapped his hand over his forehead and looked around. “Let’s get inside before someone else sees me.”
Once inside the apartment, Max tossed the armload of tattered bags into the kitchen trash on his way to the bathroom.
A moment later, Ramir heard a cry of distress.
Max looked around the edge of the bathroom door. “I look like some freak from a carnival sideshow. I can’t go out looking like this.” He pulled back out of sight. “What am I going to do, stay inside until I grow another set?”
Ramir stood in the open door and leaned against the frame. He watched as Max examined his browless features and multiple scrapes and cuts interspersed with the singed hair and blisters that had reached full maturity. He looked like a victim of the apocalypse. “That might not be such a bad idea.”
Max responded to the comment with a sour look and then turned back to the mirror.
“Come on, Max, we've got more important things to think about right now.”
Max ignored the statement and began poking and prodding at the afflictions with the intensity of a surgeon performing a medical procedure.
Ramir waved his hands in the air. “Forget it. I'm going to take my chances. I'm going home and get ready for work and try to forget this whole thing ever happened. And just maybe I'll get lucky and the dump incident won't get linked back to me.” He spun around to leave.
Max called after him. “Wait a minute.”
Ramir stopped, but remained with his back to Max. “There's nothing that you can say that will change my mind.”
“You're going to let Kenny get away with everything without a fight?”
Ramir shook his head. “Be realistic. This is the way life happens. The Ivy League guys with all of the advantages win. That's the way it's always been and there's nothing you or I can do to change that. We can't make Kenny disappear in thin air.” He pivoted around, waded through the clutter to the front door, and gripped the knob.
The remark sparked in Max's eyes. “With help from the machine we can.”
Before Ramir could exit the apartment, a strange sound captured his attention. When he turned back around, Max met his astonished gaze with a smile. Ramir pointed a finger. “That’s it?”
Max nodded.
“That is your secret weapon?”
This time, Max nodded with a smile.
A spark of electricity hummed its way up between the rods. “It looks like one of those maniacal instruments in a mad scientist laboratory.”
“Make fun of it if you want to, but I’m telling you this thing works.”
The electrical charge arrived at the top and snapped, leaving a hint of ozone hanging in the air.
“Why don't you use it to get back the book?”
The idea intrigued Max. He pursed his lips together and nodded.
“Better yet, why don’t you look on Amazon?”
“Good idea! They have everything! I bet they have a used copy of the manual!”
“I was being sarcastic,” Ramir told him.
The hopeful look in Max’s eyes faded. His optimistic grin disintegrated. “Why are you always such a Negative Ned.”
“I’m being realistic, not negative.”
“I’ll figure it out without the book,” snapped Max.
The machine refreshed itself with another electric creepy crawler, and Ramir watched hypnotically as it made its climb. After it discharged at the top, he turned to Max and said, “That could prove to be dangerous.” He huffed at the thing and threw in an afterthought. “Not that I think it'll work.”
“Try it for yourself.” Max picked up the copper ring from the floor and offered it to Ramir. “Put this on your head.”
He looked at Max's forehead and took a step back. “No way.”
Max shrugged. He leaned over the machine and stared at the slider bars and knobs. “We have to ask the machine how to vaporize a person.”
Ramir laughed. “And how do you plan on doing that?”
“I'll use the machine.”
Ramir looked apprehensive and shook his head. “Without the book I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
A wave of agitation washed across Max's face. “Relax, why don’t you? I can figure this thing out.” He took a seat on the floor and placed the copper crown on his head. He calibrated the instruments, and then he extended his index finger on each hand and began pecking on the typewriter keys while Ramir watched totally absorbed with the process. The disc rotated, then the apparatus generated another arc of electricity at the base of the rods, and as it made it slow ascent, the same vise-like curiosity that had Ramir in a trance now infected Max.
When the spark reached its apex, Ramir took a step back. A ribbon of jagged lightning jumped from the rods and popped the copper ring. Indigo glowworms crawled across the bald spot on top of Max's head and burrowed down into his skin. The few wisps of hair on his head stood straight up with snaps, crackles, and pops. Max could feel the little buggers biting into the soft gray matter of his brain and gnawing their way down to his synapses.
Ramir watched in amazement as tiny blue light gathered in Max's eyes and then swirled around like a swarm of lightning bugs on a warm summer night. The lights in Max's eyes winked out and left a blank expression on his face. Ramir grabbed him by the shoulders and shook him hard. “Max, are you all right?” A glimmer of consciousness returned to Max's eyes and Ramir let out a sigh of relief. “Thank goodness. For a second there, I thought you were a goner.”
Still cloudy from the ordeal, Max crawled to his knees then stood up on wobbly legs.
Ramir reached out and steadied him. “Well?”
Max shook his head. “Nothing.”
“I knew it wouldn't work.” Ramir let go of him.
Without the aid of Ramir, Max's knees clattered, but he managed to regain control of his muscles and pointed to electronic parts and watch innards scattered on the carpet next to the coffee. “Hand those to me, would you?”
“Why?”
Somewhere in the Alpha waves and dendrites, an adolescent grin transformed the round features of his face into that of a mischievous little boy that got away with telling a fib. He nodded his head “Because I'm going to use some of the components to boost the power.”
“Oh no. I'm not going to help you fry yourself.”
“Fine then.” Max sank to his knees, gathered up all of the materials, and dumped them on the coffee table. He picked up a Phillips-head screwdriver and removed one of the access plates exposing its internal workings.
Ramir stepped back and watched Max dig through the pile to select a few parts until something of interest caught his eye. He dipped down into the pile and dished up two gizmos “What are these?”
“Nothing.” Max swiped them from Ramir's hand and returned them to the pile.
“They look like television screens with watch bands.” Ramir tried to repossess the two items from the pile, but Max slapped his hand away.
Max stopped his endeavors long enough to look up and ask, “Aren't you going home?”
“No. Somebody has to be here to call the paramedics.”
“Then make yourself useful and fetch my soldering gun out of the kitchen drawer.
“Where did you learn how to work on electronics?”
Absorbed in his work, Max didn’t bother to look up. “The Quark Institute of Technology; a correspondence course I found on an infomercial.” He looked agitated. “Soldering gun?”
“Oh yeah.” “Ramir left only to return a few minutes later empty-handed.” I can't find it in all that mess.”
“Never mind, I'll get it myself,” Max huffed and stomped out of the room.
When Ramir heard the rattle of drawers, he picked up the two devices and studied them.
When Max returned to the table, Ramir had one strapped around his wrist and was gazing into the screen. He held up the other one and aimed it at Max. “Wow,” he exclaimed, “I can see you.” He looked up. “Who are you, Dick Tracy?”
“Give me those, they're not toys.”
Ramir unstrapped the one from his wrist and handed them both over to Max.
The hot tip of the soldering gun filled the room with an acrid smell of smoke when he applied solder to the copper wires. Then he cinched the new components in place and put the cover back onto the box. “That should do it.” He plugged it in and flipped the switch. The machine emitted a hum from its bowels. The tubes warmed and began to glow. He said, “The modifications should increase the RPMs. Keep your fingers crossed.” He held the knob between his thumb and forefinger. “Okay, here we go.”
The disc slowly rotated, and as Max turned the knob, the disc began spinning faster until the swastika became a solid blur. When he placed the copper ring on his head, the curtains ruffled and settled back into place.
“Whoa,” Ramir uttered in astonishment.
Max said, “Maybe I should try something else.” He reached down and grabbed a knob. “I’m going to give it a little more juice.” He dialed the knob to ten. The machine gave a loud pop and emitted a squeal like feedback from a garage band amplifier.
Ramir clapped his hands over his ears. “Wow! That thing is really loud.”
“What?” Max pointed to his ears and yelled over the shrill feedback. “I can't hear you.” He looked down at the dial. “I think I need to make some more adjustments.” He grabbed a handful of slider bars and pushed them forward.
The lights in the apartment flickered.
“This may not be such a good idea,” said Ramir.
The bulbs in the ceiling popped and rained down a shower of sparks onto the brown shag and winked out, but not before burning tiny holes in the carpet.
Max turned a few dials. The blue arc jumped from the disc and began crawling up the rods.
Ramir tapped him on the forearm. “Come on, Max, stop this. I don't think it's safe. You don't know what will happen.” Instead of making the leap to the ring, the electricity formed a jittery rainbow of glowing colors that danced uncontrollably between the tips of the rods. The feedback from the machine grew louder with the expanding rainbow until the sound was deafening and the light blinding. Without wasting another second, he raced over to the wall outlet, and as he reached out to unplug the machine the arc of electricity at the top of the rods made its leap. It gave Ramir such a jolt that it sent him sprawling to the floor. When he opened his eyes, he saw Max's eyes rolled back inside his head, leaving only the whites showing. Ramir expected to see Max’s head to start spinning and for him to spit up green pea soup at any moment. Ramir shivered.
A purple effervescent cloud formed above Max's head and his body shook.
A cabinet door opened and slammed shut. Ramir turned his head, watched the contents of the liquid soap bottle bubble out and empty onto the countertop. The pictures hanging on the walls pulled away and laid out horizontal until the nails came free of the sheetrock, then spun in the air and fell to the floor. “Stop it!” Ramir scrambled from the floor, dashed over to Max, and made an unsuccessful attempt to peel his fingers from the knob.
Tiny bolts of lightning flickered from the purple cloud churning above Max’s head. The panes in the windows began to breathe in and out and the cabinet doors opened and slammed shut like rapid machine gun fire. The drawers jerked open.
Bewildered by the sight, Ramir let go of Max's hand and took a step back. The drawers emptied their contents and projectiles began shooting across the room. Ramir screamed, “Oh my God!” and took refuge behind the couch.
The outlet popped and the power cord burned like a firecracker fuse. It fizzled up to the edge of the casing. Sparks flew out and black smoke boiled out of the machine. Then it burst into flames.
Ramir left what little sanctuary the couch offered, raced to the kitchen, grabbed the rug from the floor, and frantically whacked the top of the machine repeatedly until he had extinguished the fire and broke all the tubes. He dropped the rug and looked at the smoldering remains. He turned to Max.
The glowing cloud pulsating over Max's head popped like a spent bubble and gold sparks flew and dissolved into the atmosphere.
Max heard the pop, felt the jolt, and the sensation that his brain was being scrambled like an egg inside his skull pan. Balls of electricity flashed behind his eyes.
Suddenly, he was sucked down into a gullet of swirling light and he found himself waiting in a line of sweat soaked bodies.
Max was next in line and he felt the fanfare of expectancy tickling his toes and work its way up.
“Next,” the ticket master called out.
He stepped up to the glass and felt the cool rush of air pouring through the round hole. He groped his pocket for change and dumped the coins on the stainless steel ledge. He carefully counted out eight quarters. He shoved the coins up to the open hole.
The ticket master's long, thin fingers reached out and raked the money inside. A ticket popped up from the rectangular slot.
Max grabbed a long, wooden pole, boarded the carousel, climbed on the mustang, with its wind-blown mane, and flared nostrils. It was perpetually frozen in the act of running. The woman behind him climbed on the cheetah with the outstretched paw. After the assortment of animals filled with riders, the carousel began to turn slowly. Calliope music began as a drawl and quickly picked up as the carousel rotated faster.
A man's gravelly voice announced, “Boys and girls, the first one to hook the brass ring gets the answer!” Charley Axon stepped out of the operator's booth and hung the ring on a hook. He smiled and said, “The prize comes from the deepest part of Africa. Found on the tallest peak of Mount Kilimanjaro and brought back through the wilds of Borneo. Ladies and gentlemen,” he made a sweeping motion with his hand toward the brass ring, “it's one of the most closely guarded Secrets of The Universe!”
The carousel began to spin faster. The riders feverishly poked at the brass ring, missing it, until Max lanced it with his pole. “I got it,” he yelled and held the ring high above his head, smiling like a little kid.
The calliope music suddenly stopped playing and the carousel stopped spinning. The lights turned off and Max found himself alone in the dark.
He awoke and he blurted out, “Consciousness is the cosmic glue that holds particle waves together, creating matter. When matter is no longer recognized on the plane of existence, it simply falls apart.”
Eureka! Max had discovered one of the secrets of the cosmos. Matter is the substance of all existence. When something matters to you, it exists. If it doesn’t matter to you, then it does not exist. The matter that no longer needed to exist was Kenny Miles. Max’s eyelids fluttered and then they opened. He stared vacantly around the room until his eyes came to rest on Ramir. “WOW! Talk about your epiphanies.” Max rubbed his hands together. “I know exactly how to get rid of Kenny using the laws of physics.” With a quick parting of his hands, he simulated the bursting of a bubble. “POOF! Into thin air.”
Skepticism surfaced on Ramir’s face. “Are you all right?”
“Never felt better.” Max cracked an all-knowing grin, spread out his arms, as if to encompass the mess the room had become. “Look what my super-enhanced brain did.”
The skepticism remained on Ramir’s face. “Well, I’m still not so sure if that was your brain that made this mess or that crazy gizmo.”
“You’ll see,” Max assured him. He looked at the sun shining through the curtains. “It’s almost time to go to work.”
Ramir checked the time on his watch. “I’m going home to get cleaned up and I’ll be back in a half hour to pick you up.” He turned to the door.
“Wait,” Max shouted.
Ramir turned back around.
Max pointed to his forehead. “I can’t go to work looking like this.” He shoved past Ramir and made his way to the kitchen, opened a drawer, and began digging. He pulled out a black Miracle Marker and held it up. “This should do the trick.” He squeezed past Ramir.
Ramir went to the kitchen, sat down at the table and propped his head against his hand.
Max reappeared a few minutes later. “How does it look?”
Ramir laughed. “If you were wearing a brown curly wig, you would look like my Auntie Louisa.” He wiped the tears from his eyes.
“Okay, this is not going to work.” Max rubbed the ink with the back of his hand and managed to smear it across his forehead. He walked over to the kitchen sink, lathered up with liquid soap, scrubbed his brow and then splashed the soapy remains from his face.
Ramir snapped his fingers. “I’ve got an idea. I’ll need a pair of scissors and a bottle of glue.”
Max retrieved the items along with a handheld mirror.
“Sit down,” said Ramir.
Max set the items on top of the table and he sat down.
Ramir carefully trimmed a few snippets of hair from the back of Max's head and placed them on the tabletop. He pushed Max's head back. “Now stay still and close your eyes.” He artfully drew two lines of glue above each eye and stuck a clump of hair in the adhesive. “Okay, you can lift your head up, but be careful until the glue dries.”
Max brought his head back to an upright position and smiled. “How do they look?”
Ramir proudly picked up the mirror and handed it to him. “Take a look for yourself.”
Max stared into the mirror at the bushy, dark eyebrows sticking out over his eyes. He grimaced. “I look like Boris Karloff.”
“Who’s that?”
“Never mind. Hand me the scissors.”
Ramir placed them into Max’s hand.
Max trimmed away the excess. Turning his head this way and that, he checked his work in the mirror. “Better.”
“You looked better before you trimmed them.”
Max tossed the mirror onto the table and a crack split the glass in half. “Great. Would you look at that? I can't take seven more years of this crap.”
A noise erupted in the courtyard.
Max growled, “Now what?” He stood up, stomped to the front door, and yanked it open. A flock of blackbirds had gathered on the branches of a large tree in the middle of the square conducting an unorchestrated hootenanny. Max yelled, “Shut up! This ain’t Carnegie Hall, you know.” He bent down, pulled off the defunct dress shoe, rose up, and hurled it at the birds. The flock scattered into the air as the shoe tumbled down through the branches and hit the ground. They swirled like black smoke around the tree, then returned to the limbs a moment later and resumed their concert.
“You little buzzards are going to fry.” He removed his other shoe, wound up for the pitch, but instead of the shoe hitting its intended target his foot apparel strayed off course and lodged in the power transformer on the pole near the tree. It blew and a thick bolt of electricity snaked out and frolicked in the limbs. Within seconds, the stench of burnt feathers filled the air.
Max ran to the railing and peered down at the burnt carcasses. He spun around and stared at Ramir with a wild look in his eyes. “See, what did I tell you?” He pointed to his head. “My super-enhanced Alpha waves did that.”
“I’m sure that your shoe shorted something in the transformer and made it blow.”
Max shook his head. “No, no. It’s like that old movie about the id.” A surge of panic welled up in his core. “I have to contain my subconscious thoughts before they hurt someone.” Max rushed past Ramir, raced to the kitchen, and stood in the middle of the clutter on the floor. His eyes darted around in their sockets in jerky patterns as he made a quick search of the room. When he didn't find what he was looking for, he began clawing through the contents of what was left in the pantry. “Here it is.” He jetted past Ramir to the coat closet in the living room and slammed the door behind him.
For the next thirty minutes, Ramir tried to coax Max out of the closet without any luck. The doorbell rang. Ragged, and with fatigue seeping down into his bones, he cracked the front door open and pressed a bloodshot eye into the narrow space. The woman standing outside was wearing a pair of denim jeans and a cropped white shirt.
She spoke to the eyeball. “My name is Ronnie. I'm here to see Max.”
A dazed and confused Ramir widened the gap. “Why do you need to see Max?”
She stooped down and picked up the shoe lying on the landing, handed it to Ramir and slipped past him. She looked around the room at the knives and plastic forks that were protruding from the walls. “What happened here?”
“It was crazy.”
“Where's Max?”
Ramir pointed to the door across the room.
She strolled over the clutter and rapped on the wood. “Max?” She jiggled the handle without success.
The door opened and Max peeked out, and when he recognized the face he slammed it. A muffled, “Go away,” penetrated the thin wafer-board.
Ramir piped in. “He won’t come out.”
Ronnie knocked on the door again. “Max, I have something to talk to you about.”
“I said, go away,” came the reply.
She turned to Ramir. “What happened here?”
Ramir’s eyes glazed with shock. “It was the wildest thing that I’ve ever seen.”
“That doesn't explain what happened. Never mind.” Ronnie turned around and pounded on the door with her fist. “Max, you unlock this door right now.” The plastic trim surrounding the frame ripped loose as a frustrated Ronnie grabbed the door’s handle and yanked it open.
Heavy layers of crinkled aluminum foil lined the walls of the closet. Max sat on the floor with his legs crossed pow-wow style wearing a tin-foil skullcap.
Too shocked to be amused, Ronnie pointed to the metallic cocoon. “What is this?”
“It’s not safe here!” Max grabbed the knob and pulled the door closed. “Go away and take Ramir with you.”
“I’m not going anywhere.” She rapped on the plastic trim. “There's a little matter of a hot check that you need to take care of.”
The door reopened and Max slowly emerged with his shoulders bunched up around his ears and his chin tucked into his chest. He looked up at Ronnie. His awry posture combined with the thick bushy eyebrows brimming from beneath the foil made him look like a combination of Quasimodo, Buck Rogers and Mr. Hyde.
Ronnie's face transitioned through a series of expressions and finally landed on puzzled. “What happened to your eyebrows? And what’s that thing on your head?” She raised her hand to ward off his answer and turned her head away. “Never mind. I don't need to know. Just give me five-hundred dollars and I'm out of here.”
Max pulled out his wallet and opened it. “Give me my check and I'll give you the money.”
“I don't have it with me.”
“No check. No money.” Max slapped the wallet closed.
She watched Max slide the wallet into his pocket. Ronnie put her hands on her hips. “Okay Mister Fagan, I’m going to trust that you’ll bring the money to me right after work.” She thrust a polished nail at the tip of his nose. “But if you don’t, I’m going to turn it over for collection.” She lowered her hand. “Believe me, you don’t want that kind of trouble.”
“I’ll be there.”
She shot him a hard glance.
“I promise.”
She scoffed. “You'd better be.”
Ramir looked at his watch. “Great, all that time that you spent in the closet is going to make us late.”
“Go and get cleaned up. I’ll meet you at the office. We should still have enough time to get cleaned up and get to work before the morning meeting. I’ll have Ronnie take me to work.”
She narrowed her eyes as if to focus her disbelief and shot him an incredulous glance. “Excuse me?”
“Look, just do me this one favor. And I promise that I’ll bring the cash to the shop after work and I’ll get out of your hair forever.”
“Forever sounds perfect.”
Max looked down at his disheveled clothes and the smudges on his arms. “I’ve got to get a shower.”
Ramir slunk to the door, opened it, and gave a weak farewell wave of his hand. “Nice meeting you, Ronnie.”
“Wait!”
Ramir hesitated in the doorway.
“You’re not leaving me here, alone, with this nutcase, especially while he showers.” She grimaced. “I need someone normal to stay here with me.” She looked Ramir over with question in her eyes. “You are normal, aren’t you?”
Ramir stared.
“Never mind,” said Ronnie.
She watched Ramir close the door behind him.
“Come in, Ronnie, and have a seat on the couch.”
She looked at the abysmal interior and pee spotted couch. “No thanks.
“Then you’ll have to wait out there.”
She stepped outside and stood on the landing staring at the smoking tree and dead bird carcasses littering the area surrounding the tree’s trunk wondering if sticking around was a wise choice.
Fifteen minutes later, Max emerged from his apartment and met Ronnie on the landing. He wore his new suit and taped-up shoe. Luck had rescued the other shoe. The burnt remains had dropped to the ground.
Ronnie looked him up and down and then shook her head. “Okay.” She pointed to the foil cap. “Are you actually going out in public with your head looking like badly wrapped leftovers.”
“Yes, I am,” Max replied. “You saw the utensils sticking in the walls. My thoughts have become a dangerous and powerful weapon, but I wouldn't expect you to understand.”
“Okay, but you're only going to embarrass yourself.”
Max made a detour through the courtyard, got his shoe, and slipped it on. He strolled down the sidewalk with the sun glinting off the crinkled foil, and with each step, the toe of his shoe opened and closed like a crocodile's snout.
Ronnie sheepishly followed behind him.
The twin girls returned on their matching Barbie bikes and circled Max like an old western's wild Indians on horseback surrounding a wagon train. They stared at him and giggled.
Max glowered. “Stop following me.”
“You're funny looking,” said one of the little girls. They continued to circle him.
Max stomped his foot against the sidewalk. “I said, get out of here.”
One of the twins stuck out her tongue.
The other one said, “You can't make us.”
Max charged the Barbie bikes. “Vamoose, you little monsters!”
The girls broke the circle and veered away. They stopped, and one of them leaned over and whispered into the other girl's ear as Max passed. Simultaneously, they yelled, “Mister Fuzzy Brows!” They sped away, leaving a wake of giggles.
Ronnie stopped to watch the drama take place. “Come on, Max, they're only a couple of harmless little girls.”
As Frank pruned the hedges along the building, he heard the sound of approaching footsteps on the sidewalk. He lowered his shears. “What do you have on your head, Max?”
Max stopped and quickly fabricated a story. “This?” He pointed to his head. “Oh, its part of a hair restoration treatment.” He patted the helmet. “I can already see results.”
Frank touched the bald spot on his own head. “It really works, huh?”
“In about a month I should have a full head of hair. You’re not going to recognize me.”
Frank leaned in closer. “It must work on eyebrows, too.”
The girls zipped past Max on their bikes. “Mister Fuzzy Brows!”
He wadded his hands into fists and thought about pounding the bikes into unrecognizable piles of scrap metal. Then he thought about the attic piranhas and the dead birds, flashed a mechanical smile, and waved at the twins. He kept the smile intact and turned to Frank. “Kids. Cute, huh?” He gritted his teeth.
Frank watched the little darlings pedal their bikes through a bed of freshly planted pansies. “I guess you could say that.” He turned back to Max. “So, that hair restorer stuff really works?”
“It's like a miracle,” Max replied. “But you have to be careful. Any place you rub it on your body will grow thick hair.”
Frank stood engrossed in Max's eyebrows. “Where did you get it, in case I want to get some for myself?”
“I got it at the local Poo and Doo,” Max answered. “The main ingredient is Brazilian bat guano.”
Ronnie passed Max, and without stopping, she said, “You can tell him all about it later, Mister Fuzzy Brows.”
Max shot her a hard look and walked away from Frank.
Frank watched them until they turned and disappeared around the corner of the building. He reached up and touched his bald spot. He smiled and nodded his head.
Ronnie unlocked her car, slid inside, and unlocked the door on the passenger side.
Max climbed in and settled into the seat. “Okay, let's get going.”
“Where to?”
“The Elegant Watch Company.”
She looked surprised. “You work for Elegant?”
“Why are you so shocked?” Max settled back into the seat. “Most of the people in this town work for the watch company.”
Ronnie shrugged and the hybrid lurched out onto the pavement. As they sped down Main, he caught a quick glimpse of Mr. Wong pushing his hotdog cart along the sidewalk. The sight unsettled him. He was confident the vendor had not been there moments before. He searched his mind for a logical explanation and finally reasoned that he had been looking elsewhere or too absorbed in thought, but to assure himself, he twisted his head around and looked back over his shoulder at the empty sidewalk. A curve in the road shifted his view and he turned back around in time to see an old, black seventies-style Grand Prix with dark-tinted windows idle out from behind a stop sign and pull in front of Ronnie. She stomped on the brakes, barely missing a collision with the faded The Devil Made Me Do It! sticker pasted to the crusty rear bumper.
“Idiot!” Max cried. He reached across her and laid down on the horn.
The clunker bellowed black smoke from the rusted tailpipe as it continued at a snail's pace.
She dug her nails into the soft flesh of Max’s hand to free it from the steering wheel.
“Owwww!” He pulled his hand back and clutched it against his chest. “You didn’t have to scratch me.”
“I’ll do the driving here.” She eased out from behind the Grand Prix.
As the hybrid pulled up next to the rusty clunker, Max rolled down his window and yelled, “Go find a junkyard and park that piece of crap!”
As the dark-tinted glass on the driver’s window slowly rolled down, smoke began boiling out.
“Oh my God!” Max poked his head out of window. “Hey, buddy, your car is on fire!”
The smoke began to clear from the cab. Diablo sat behind the steering wheel of the Grand Prix with his head and upper torso wrapped in gauze like a mummy and the whites of his eyes highlighted by the charcoal-black smudges on his face. Demon's head popped up next to him in matching mummy-wear, with strips of gauze flapping around his canine scowl.
Max yelled, “Punch it, punch it!”
Ronnie pressed the gas pedal to the floor and Max watched the clunker disappear in the side view mirror.
“What was that all about?”
“There’s not time to explain.”

Chapter 15

Ronnie glided to a stop in the parking lot at Elegant Watch. “Thanks for the ride.” Max looked in the mirror for any signs of the Grand Prix before he opened the door. “But I had better get inside before Mister Crispy Critter and his French-fried sidekick find me.” Max jumped out of the car.
She got out, rounded the front bumper, and stopped where Max stood sparkling beneath the sun. “Why don’t you take that ridiculous thing off?”
“You know I can't do that.” He slapped his hand against the makeshift helmet. “I don't have any control over my thoughts.” He patted the foil. “If I take this off, there's no telling what kind of crap I might attract.” A bird passed overhead and a splotch of gray and white goop splattered on the foil.
“Well it's obviously not working.” She snatched the foil cap from his head, wadded it into a ball, and tossed it down to the curb. It rolled like a guttered bowling ball for the storm drain.
Max screamed in horror as he watched the ball drop through the grate. He jumped down, laid in the gutter, thrust his arm down through the bars and came up empty-handed. He looked back over his shoulder. “You're going to be responsible for what happens now.”
She ignored Max's comment and walked away.
He stood up and dusted the debris from his suit “You saw what happened to the apartment.” Max clapped his hands over his head. “You know that the foil was the only thing keeping my killer thoughts from wreaking havoc.” He peered back down into the drain.
“Just don’t be late with the five-hundred dollars,” she said from the other side of the car.
“I said I would bring it to the shop, didn’t I?”
She shook her head. “Don’t bring it to the shop. I don’t want Mister Sanderson to know that he’d been swindled.” She gave the conversation a thoughtful pause and then said, “Bring it to Magikal Mike's at six sharp.” She looked at Max quizzically. “You know where that is, don’t you?”
He nodded. “Of course I do.”
She opened the door and slipped behind the wheel.
Max watched the hybrid speed away until it was a small dot in the distance wondering if she’d go for a guy like him. Before Charley could show up and remind him of what a loser he was, he shoved the thought out of his mind. At his back came the sound of a squeaky wheel. He pivoted around.
Mr. Wong slowly rolled the hotdog cart toward Max. He hadn’t been there a moment before. It was like the old man suddenly appeared out of the ether. It gave Max the creeps, but not enough to scare him away.
Wong parked the cart next to the curb.
“Did you bring change?” Max held out his hand.
Mr. Wong planted the tip of one of his long bony fingers into Max’s open palm. “Change at hand after you change here.” He used the same finger to touch it to Max’s head. “And here.” He moved his finger to Max’s heart. “Good lesson to know.” Wong humbled himself with a polite bow.”
Max grinned. I’ve got an old American proverb for you. Make like the wind and blow.” A peal of thunder rolled across the sky and a gust rocked him. Max glanced at the sky. When he looked down Mr. Wong and the hotdog stand had mysteriously disappeared.
A disembodied voice that seemed to come from everywhere said, “Man who has control of his thoughts and feelings is master of his destiny.”
A chill ran down Max’s spine. Feeling like he’d stepped out of an eerie episode of The Twilight Zone he hurried to put distance between him and the spot while occasionally looking back over his shoulder.
He entered the building. Immediately, all eyes turned on him and the murmur of collective voices hushed. He took a deep breath, and confronted the gawks with an awkward smile and made his way to the small crowd waiting for the elevator. With Max's arrival, the group separated into two lines flanking him and carried on their silent vigil with their gaze glued to his wounded head. When the doors opened, he stepped inside alone and turned to face the crowd with his hand wedged against the door to keep them from closing. “Anyone else getting in?” A terrified looking woman shook her head. The others stepped back.
At the fortieth floor, the elevator jerked to a stop and the doors parted with a whoosh. Max stepped out and saw Kenny approaching from down the hallway. Max squeezed his eyes shut and started a chant that he believed would rapidly split Kenny into trillions of atoms. “Kenny does not matter to me. Kenny does not matter to me. Kenny does not—” He felt a hand on his shoulder and opened his eyes.
Kenny didn’t bother to hide his amusement. He sniggered. “What happened to you?”
Max opened his eyes and narrowed them at the sight of Kenny. “None of your business!” He closed his eyes again and continued his chanting.
“What’s your problem?” Kenny was still grinning.
Max raked the hand off his shoulder, his eyelids twitched as he felt an emotional storm brewing and lightning flickered behind his eyes. “Nothing!” he said through gritted teeth.
“Impossible.” Kenny shot back. “Nothing is when something didn’t happen or when matter dissolves into a void of nonexistence.”
Astonished, Max’s eyes popped open and gaped in awe. Was it possible that Kenny was enlightened and understood the laws and principles of the universe?
“Maybe you’ll be kind enough to regale myself and the rest of the board with a reprisal of your tale. Kenny displayed faux affection by gently patting Max on the cheek before he turned and sauntered away.
Still staring, Max stood, knowing that he’d have to up his game and prod the laws of physics a little more before Kenny would disappear from the face of the planet. “Poof,” he said above a whisper. Satisfied that he had gotten in the last word on the matter Max marched away. His scraggly appearance brought on inquisitive ogling from curious onlookers. Max marched into the office where Ramir was standing at the window holding a cup of coffee.
He turned around and looked at his watch as Max flopped down on the sofa. “It's about time you got here. The morning meeting is about to start.”
Max straightened his tie. “I’m ready.”
“Before we go in there,” said Ramir. He hesitated. “Look, I’m just going to say it. This plan of yours is crazy.”
“What are you talking about? You saw the power of my mind.”
“I saw something.” Ramir shrugged. “But, I can’t explain it. I say we come up with a rational well-thought-out plan that will unravel Kenny’s doings.
Ramir was about to recite accounts from the last two days, but suddenly, a wheelchair, piloted by a man on the waning edge of his twenties, rolled into the office. His long brown locks, highlighted by the summer sun, flowed down to his shoulders in loose curls. From the waist up, he had the body of an Adonis, but his legs were withered and useless sticks. About ten years prior, after a night of heavy drinking at a bonfire party, Byron Thomas had passed out on the beach. An unaware motorist had run over his lower back and snapped his spine.
He pulled the wheelchair to a stop. “Hey, guys.”
Max perked up with a grin. “Hey, Byron.”
Caught off guard, Byron didn't respond to the greeting. Instead, he stared wide-eyed at Max. “What happened to you?”
“Nothing,” Max answered, hoping that the answer would suffice. But in case it didn't, he cut Byron off with a question of his own. “What brings you up from the first floor?”
Byron held out a coffee can. “Murphy's in the hospital. I thought you might want to contribute to the flower fund.”
A shockwave of surprise jolted Ramir. “What happened?”
“His wife called this morning and said that he was in a car accident on his way to work.”
“Is he okay?” Ramir gasped.
Byron nodded his head. “I think so. I heard that he is out of emergency and in a private room.”
Max dredged up a replay of yesterday's conversation. “I was just talking to Murphy yesterday. He was leaving for a flight right after work.”
“Plans changed. Since Follis is out, Murphy was the only one qualified to fill out the daily reports.” Byron shook his head. “He should be lying on a beach right now. We thought we would fill his room with tropical plants.”
Ramir dug out his wallet. He pulled out a five and tossed it in the can.
Byron looked expectantly at Max. “How about you?” He jiggled the can.
“Sure, Byron.” Max stood and pulled out his wallet, peeked inside, and inventoried the cash compartment with his thumb. The lowest denomination was a twenty. “You'll have to catch me later, no cash.” Max quickly closed his wallet and shoved it back down into his pocket.
Disapproval clouded Byron's good looks. “Same old Max.” He expertly manipulated the wheels and did an about-spin.
Max gave a wave of his hand. “See ya.”
Byron left the room.
“Wow! Can you believe Murphy's luck?” Max bowed his head and shook it. “Poor guy.”
A similar look of disapproval had found its way to Ramir's face. “Luck didn't have anything to do with it, Max.”
Max changed the subject. “Let's get back to the Kenny thing.”
Kenny materialized at the open door. “Did I hear my name mentioned?”
“Uh, yeah,” Ramir replied. “We don't know where the morning meeting is being held.”
Kenny exchanged his usual counterfeit grin for a genuine scowl. “Didn't you get the daily memo?”
They both shrugged like synchronized swimmers.
Ramir walked over to the desk and shuffled through a small stack of papers. “I'm sure it's in here somewhere.”
Impatience worked its way onto Kenny's GQ features. He sounded like a parent reprimanding a couple of misbehaved five-year-olds. “If you would have read it, you would know that the meeting is on the bottom floor in five minutes.” He pointed a finger at Max. “And you'd better not be late.” He quickly retreated from the open door and his heels clattered down the hallway.
Max got ready to follow.
“Wait a minute,” said Ramir, “let's don’t do anything until we’ve discussed a plan of action that will put Kenny into checkmate.”
“You heard the man; we'd better be on time for the meeting.” Max exited through the door and was halfway to the elevator before Ramir followed.
He caught up with Max just as the doors parted and he followed him inside. Promise me that you won't do anything stupid.” He punched the button for the ground floor.
Max remained silent. He closed his eyes and beefed up his effort to push Ramir's voice out of his head. Then he placed all his focus on dissolving Kenny. The strain of the effort pushed Max's neural network into overdrive and he emerged from a silver flash in a Mustang convertible onto a long stretch of desert highway with Ramir riding shotgun. Max pivoted his head. “What are you doing here?”
“Somebody has to keep you pointed in the right direction.”
The car's engine sputtered and stalled, gliding to a stop. They both got out and Max pointed to the steam pouring out from beneath the hood. “Now look at what you've done.”
“It wasn't me,” Ramir protested.
From high above someone whistled. The two shrill notes caught their attention and they stopped bickering to look up at a replica of Mount Rushmore enhanced by a bas-relief of Charley Axon's face nestled amongst the great leaders. A tiny figure was perched on Washington's ear.
Ramir squinted his eyes in hopes that it would give him a clearer view, but it didn’t. “Who’s that?”
Max shrugged. “Some nut.”
The person suddenly jumped and hit the mountainside tumbling down while gaining velocity and stirring dust and loosening debris along the way. The man rolled to a stop in front of them, and a moment later, Charley Axon sprang to his feet and pointed accusingly at Ramir. “Do you really believe that this man can come up with a rational plan that will dispose of Kenny?”
“Back off,” Ramir shot back.
Charley scoffed. He draped an arm over Max’s shoulder and ushered him away. “Your friend back there,” Charley glanced over his shoulder, “is going to throw a wrench into the plans, and stall the works.” He shrugged. “It ain’t no skin off your nose if he does because you’ve got the God machine and anything you desire is at your fingertips, but wouldn’t it be nice to see the look of terror on Kenny’s face when he starts sizzling like an Alka Seltzer tablet in a glass of water?”
The image flashed inside Max’s head. He smiled.
“Heh heh, you’re damn straight it would.” He reassuringly patted the hand resting on Max’s shoulder. “Now go back in that meeting and do what you came to do.” He stuck out his thumb and aimed it over his shoulder at Ramir. “And leave that joker behind.”
When Max returned to the car, Ramir was tinkering beneath the hood. “I’ve got to get rolling,” said Max.
Ramir looked up. “But I haven’t figured out why it stalled.” He looked around. “We need to figure out a plan that will get us out of here.”
“I know how.” Max closed the hood and jumped into the driver’s seat. The Mustang’s engine started.
“What luck!” Ramir cried out. “Let’s get to the meeting.”
Max shook his head. “It's the end of the road for you.”
Ramir looked across the great expanse of the desert. “How am I going to get out of here?”
“Hitchhike.” Max stomped down on the gas pedal. Tires squalled and a second later he was zipping down the highway.
“Hey!” Ramir shouted. “Don’t leave me stranded!” High overhead, buzzards circled.
Ramir nudged Max in the side with his elbow. 
Max’s vision cleared.
“Are you getting off the elevator or what?” Ramir appeared perturbed. ”We’re going to be late again.”
Still lost in thought, Max nodded, stepped out, and stared down the long hall.
Ramir joined Max at his side and asked, “Remember to play it straight during the meeting.”
“Sure, sure,” said Max.
“Why do I get this feeling that you’re going to leave me stranded on the side of the road?”
“That’s your imagination talking.” Max stepped out and heard Charley whisper, “The laws of physics are on your side.” Max clenched his fists and visualized Kenny vaporizing into the ozone.
Unfortunately, Kenny still existed at the beginning of the morning meeting, and without the apparent loss of one atom. Max would not have been so disappointed if Kenny had at least lost a fingernail.
Kenny rose out of his chair. “Mister Grantham is in the middle of a very important phone call with the company's CEO, so I'll conduct this morning's meeting.” He presented the usual morning spiel, doling out linear corporate logic on profit margins to a bunch of bored executives.
Max closed his eyes and used every bit of his newfound knowledge to envision Kenny’s physical structure crumbling apart at the molecular level. Every few minutes, he cracked an eyelid to catch the unsuspecting universe in the act of grinding Kenny into cosmic crumbs, but each time, Kenny remained intact.
Max's brain sparked with a new theory. Maybe the kink came down to the simple mathematical principle of ratio: even though he believed Kenny did not matter, there were five-hundred employees at the firm that believed he did matter. He would have to take drastic measures to convince everyone else in the firm that Kenny no longer mattered. And then POOF! No more Kenny.
Kenny finished his presentation. “Are there any questions?”
Max stood up clapping his hands. “That was great, Kenny. You’ve got it all down pat.”
Ramir whispered with a clenched jaw. “What are you doing? Sit down.” He futilely clutched at Max's coat to drag him back down into his chair.
Max wiggled free. “But no one is interested in the same old rhetoric blah-blah-blah that doesn't matter anyway.”
Ramir slapped a hand over his eyes.
Kenny retained his calm corporate composure and said. “Okay, tell us why it doesn't matter.”
Max made a sweeping motion with his hand at the staff seated at the conference table. “This company's spirit is a collective venue of minds coming together. Our collective consciousness is the cosmic glue that holds the form of Kenny Miles together. It does not matter to me what you think, what you say, or what you do.” He shook his head and pointed a finger in Kenny’s face. “You, Kenny, do not matter to any of us.”
Kenny clapped his hands together. “Wow! Someone has been snorting big words out of the dictionary. Well said, even if I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Max locked eyes with Kenny. “You're about to find out.”
Kenny wrapped his arms around his body and shivered. “Ooooooo. You're really starting to scare me.” He chuckled and looked at everyone else seated around the table and winked. “I think that we should all be scared.”
Carol Gonzales timidly raised her hand. “You aren’t going to shoot us, are you, Max?”
Max got a crazy look on his face and giggled. “Come on, Carol, whatever gave you a crazy idea like that?” The other board members cowered down in their seats as Max slowly began circling them. He stopped behind Keller and placed his hands on Bertram's shoulders. He stared across the table at Kenny. “You don't matter to Bertram.”
Bertram smiled and wiggled his eyebrows.
Kenny shrugged. “So what?”
Max knitted his faux eyebrows together and his gray eyes shined from beneath them with intensity. “It comes down to the simple principle of physics. If you don't matter to any of us, then you're going to fall apart like a wet piece of particleboard. Come on, everyone, repeat after me. Kenny does not matter. Kenny does not matter.” Max scooped the air with his hands as if he were a maestro conducting an orchestra. He squeezed his eyes shut and chanted, “Kenny does not matter. Kenny does not matter.” He repeated the words, turning them into a powerful mantra. He kept repeating them until he felt consciousness slip away and everything went black.
Perry Combs leaned over Max and cautiously tapped him on the shoulder. “Max?” He tapped again, a little harder. “Max? Open your eyes, Max. Can you hear me? Max?” Perry gently shook him.
Max slowly opened one eye and peeked at Perry through a narrow slit. He slowly opened the other eye, and daring to hope, they came to rest on Kenny’s vacant seat. He smiled and popped up.
Combs shrank back.
A wave of excitement exploded through Max’s body. “Aha!” He cried. He pointed to the empty chair. “It worked!” He gave a lopsided grin, dropped down to his hands and knees and frantically scurried underneath the table, bumping feet and knees along the way while searching the floor for any evidence that may have been left behind. Nothing. There were no remains of Kenny to be found, not even a stray sock. Max yelled, “I can't find a trace of Kenny anywhere!”
Bertram clapped his hands together. “Hurray! He’s gone!”
Max quickly concluded that the collaboration between his mind and the rest of the board had worked. Grinning from ear to ear, he crawled out from beneath the table and stood up. He celebrated with his hands in the air and began dancing around the room. “I know. Isn't it great? POOF! Vanished into thin air.”
“No,” Perry replied. “He left the room while you were chanting insanities.”
Max stopped dancing and dropped his hands limply to his sides. “Oh.”
Carol slid a little further down in her chair. “Kenny mumbled something about firing your ass and the rest of you along with it. I think he's on his way to see Mr. Grantham.”
All eyes were on Max. His eyes darted from Kenny's empty chair to the open door. He raced from the room. As he rushed to the end of the hall, he saw Kenny entering the elevator alone. Max made a mad dash and stuck his fingers into the gap. The doors responded to the intrusion and whisked back open. He coolly entered the elevator. “Hi, Kenny.”
Kenny scowled. “Don’t try and talk your way out of this, Max. I’m going to end your little charade right here and now.”
“I don’t think so.”
Kenny straightened the knot in his tie and brushed the fallen blond locks away from his blue eyes. “Are you going to regale me with another one of your little magic performances right here on the elevator? You'd better hope it works this time.”
The elevator suddenly jerked to a stop and the doors opened. The smell of perfume was followed by a shapely brunette.
Kenny tugged on his tie and winked at Max. “Curses, foiled again.” He smiled at the woman and asked, “Which floor, Miss?”
“Top,” she answered, as the doors closed.
Max began to feel antsy as he watched the digital display click off the floor numbers. He felt his last opportunity was fading and he knew that he must do something fast. He leaned in close to her. He closed his eyes, stuck his nose an inch above her shoulder, and loudly sniffed her perfume. He opened his eyes. “Top, huh? One of my favorite places,” he said with a leer.
Her green eyes flitted nervously back and forth. “Pardon me?”
Ignoring her response, Max ran his eyes along the contour of her shoulder. “You must work out.”
She took a step away from him. A small spark of anger ignited in her voice. “Will you please leave me alone?”
Max smiled as he looked her up and down. “We should go out for dinner sometime.”
Her face hardened. She raised her left hand and shoved her ring finger in his face. “Married.”
Max edged in closer. “Well, I really love waking up in the morning with a beautiful woman next to me, especially a married one.”
She reached out and punched the button for the next floor. The elevator ground to a halt and the doors flew open. She looked him square in the eye and shouted, “YOU ARROGANT JERK!” She stormed out, turned, and shot Max the finger. The doors closed with a hiss.
Max sighed with satisfaction. The car began its ascent and he turned to Kenny. “Ahhhhh; alone at last.”
Kenny laughed, shaking his head. “God, Max, you really are a psycho.”
Max reached out and pressed the emergency stop button. “This time, I'm going to obliterate you.” He fully extended his pinky antennae and cupped his ears. “You do not matter. You do not matter,” he chanted.
Kenny let out a loud moan of distress. “Oh God!”
Max's eyes bolted wide open.
Kenny's panic-filled gaze was transfixed on the cuff of his jacket—and his missing hand.
Max felt a cold rush of shock shoot down his spine and his hands shot straight in the air like a referee ruling a field goal good. “Yes! It works!”
Kenny mockingly pushed the hand that he had tucked inside his jacket sleeve out and he wiggled his fingers. A spark of amusement co-mingled with his sneer and he pointed to the security camera. “Smile for all the people working in security. I'm sure they're having a good laugh right about now.” Kenny punched the button and the elevator made a quick rise to the fortieth floor. “After your performance this morning, no one will ever take you seriously ever again.” The doors parted. Kenny stepped out and turned. “Oh, by the way, somehow, the Rolling Stones got wind of your shenanigans and there is talk of a lawsuit. That was all I needed to put this branch in a tailspin, and now my proposal to move this branch overseas will go through. The CEO is arriving tomorrow to hold a powwow with the board members. I should thank you, but I won't.” He spun on his heels and left.
Either the laws of physics were bunk, or Kenny still mattered to him. Max made a hasty retreat from the elevator, and as he rounded the corner, he collided with Keller. “Bertram?” He regained his balance and composure. “How'd you get here so quick?”
“Stairs.” Bertram beamed a broad smile. “Wow, Max, you were really something in the conference room this morning.”
“Thanks.” Max took a step aside. “But I'm in a big hurry.”
Bertram grabbed him by the arm. “Wait. I can help you disintegrate Kenny along with the rest of the board members.”
The small stream of hall traffic flowing around them slowed with curiosity and began to collect around the conversation.
Max surveyed the growing crowd. “Maybe we should talk about this some other time.”
Clueless, Bertram snapped his fingers. “I know, we could use anti-matter.”
The hallway traffic solidified with interest.
Keller's mouth widened into a big, round O with eyes to match. “Oh, I got it. We'll create a black hole that will suck Kenny and the rest of them up.”
The crowd suddenly erupted into snickers and gut wrenching laughter.
“You're crazy! Get the hell out of my way.” Max pulled free of Bertram's grip and confronted the wall of people. “Let me by.” He pushed through the uncooperative crowd. “I’ve got to get out of here.” He rushed down the hallway leaving Bertram stranded in a conglomeration of amused laughter.
Max hugged his back to the wall and ducked into every nook and cranny he could find. He thrust his head around corners like a turtle sticking its head out of its shell, making certain that social-predators were not lurking around the hallway to feed off his humiliation. He waited for a lull in the flux of workers and shifted out of turtle-mode into rabbit-gear and he hightailed it to his office.
He rushed inside and slammed the door shut behind him.
Ramir was already sitting at the desk. “Tell me, what the hell just happened down there?”
“Kenny understands the laws and principles encoded into universal thinking.”
Ramir wrinkled his brow. “What?”
“He pulled the law of reversibility on me.”
Ramir scowled, stood, and aimed his finger at Max. “I’ve had enough of you!”
Max looked shocked. “What?”
“I’m no longer your friend. As a matter of fact I don’t want to be associated with you in any way. Get out of my life, Max, and stay out!”
Before Max could rally to his own defense, the door opened, and Bertram stepped into the room breathing hard and wearing a frantic look on his face. “Grantham is on his way to your office, and he looks pissed.”
Ramir slapped his hand over his forehead and squeezed his eyes shut like he was staving off a headache. “Great.”
“It’ll be okay,” Max assured him. “We’ll tell Grantham about the doodles and Kenny’s plans.
Ramir let his hand slide from his forehead and fall limply to his side. He began to giggle like he had just earned tenure at the loony bin. “That’ll fix it. I’m sure that he’ll believe every word of the man that thought he could disintegrate Kenny with the power of his mind.”
Panic sparked in Max’s eyes and he rushed over to the window and flung it open. He scurried out on the ledge. Seconds later he was clattering down the metal stairs. When he hit bottom Max scattered like dust in the wind.

Chapter 16

Early in the evening, Max stood beneath the blinking red and green neon sign proclaiming Magikal Mike's Famous Flying Pizza to be the best in the world. For the locals of Camden, the windowless structure was a rendezvous point for the unfaithful on the lam or anyone else avoiding the public's prying eyes.
He walked over to the door, curled his fingers around the handle and gave it a tug. Unexpectedly, the strong resistance of the hydraulic cylinder pulled him off balance. He struggled upright, spread his feet far apart to compensate for the opposing force, and tugged harder on the handle. The sun blazed a trail across the checkered floor and he stepped inside. The hydraulics hissed as the door slowly closed behind him and the sunlight swiftly faded from the tile floor like the dark was thirsty for light and quickly sucked it down like a drink of cool water.
Max’s eyes adjusted to the dark in time for him to see a figure of a woman coming toward him. 
She stopped and held out her open palm. “The money.”
Max returned a sheepish grin. "Hello, Ronnie."
“Just give me the money.” She prompted him to take action with the wiggle of her fingers.
He dug down into his pocket and dished up a handful of cash. He slowly counted out five one-hundred-dollar bills.
Ronnie deposited the cash into her open purse, but before she snapped it closed, she dug out the hot check and handed it to him. “Goodnight, Mister Fagan.”
“Wait a minute.”
“I’m in a hurry.”
“I’ve had a really bad day and I need someone to talk to.”
“I suggest seeing a therapist.” She turned and began walking away.
Max raised his hand in the air and balled it into a tight fist. A finger popped up. “Today, I tried to disintegrate a co-worker in front of the entire board.” A second finger popped up. “I'm indirectly responsible for a co-worker losing his vacation and being involved in a traffic accident that put him in the hospital.” A third finger popped up. “I made an enemy of my former supervisor.” A fourth finger popped up. “I seem to have become a psycho-magnet.” His thumb popped up. “I lost my best friend.” Max raised his other hand and as a single finger sprouted from his fist, he said, And, I've placed the Elegant Watch Company and the city of Camden in financial jeopardy.”
She stopped and turned. “You did what?”
He started the list over.
“No! No! The last one.”
“The Elegant Watch Company is going to close its doors and it’s all my fault.”
She stormed up to Max and narrowed her eyes at him. “What did you do?”
“Why do you care?”
“Let’s just say that I have a reason to be concerned,” Ronnie spouted back. “You’re going to tell me everything.” She hailed a waitress. “Give us a booth in the back and bring a pitcher of beer.”
Between gulps of beer, Max told Ronnie about the state of affairs at Elegant Watch Company, and that he was a dismal failure at trying to remedy the problems.
After he had finished, she settled back in her chair and exclaimed, “We have less than twelve hours before total annihilation of the city's economic future, and here we are, sitting in a pizzeria.” She grimaced at the short, balding man whose belly bulged from the extra large pizza and too many imported beers. “What do you expect to accomplish by swilling suds?”
He lifted the mug. “This…” He pointed to it, “is liquid courage.” Max took a deep draw from the glass then toasted the other patrons in the restaurant by raising the frosty mug of beer high above his head. “Eat, drink and be merry, for tonight we die!” He set the mug on the table and stuffed another slice of New York-style pizza into his mouth.
“Keep your voice down.” Her eyes narrowed and her lips pressed into a straight line. Then she said, “You’ve got to fix this.”
“I intend to.” Max finished the last slice of pizza, burped, brushed the crumbs from his shirt, and picked up his beer in a salute, took one last sip, and then stood up from the table. He reached into his pocket, pulled out a wad of bills, and tossed a Franklin on the table. He looked at the remaining money in his hand and gave wistful consideration to the stack before tossing all of it onto the checkered tablecloth.
“How?” she asked.
“I’m going to kill Charley.”
“Who’s Charley?”
“He’s the cause of all of this. Charley has done nothing but ruin my life, and now he’s ruining a lot of other people’s lives.” He made a sweeping bow. “Adieu.” He turned and walked away. He strolled through the winding path of tables to the exit. He pushed through the door, stepped outside, and left a bewildered Ronnie staring after him.
She stood up. “Wait for me.” She rushed out into the night and struggled through the crowd on the sidewalk. She caught up to him and said, “I’m coming with you.”
He shook his head. “It’s better if you don’t.”
She grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled him to a stop. “It’s obvious that you aren’t in your right mind.”
He spun around. “It’s not going to be a pretty sight.”
“Do you honestly think that I can stand by and let you commit murder?” She pulled the phone from her purse and dialed. “I’m calling the police.”
With one sweeping motion he plucked the phone from her hand and threw it onto the busy street; a moment later, a car ran over the device and obliterated it with a loud crunch. He turned and walked away. He barged through the heavy pedestrian traffic that clogged the sidewalk on Maple Street with Ronnie following close behind. He pointed into the crowd. “Most of these poor schmucks are flatliners.” He pushed his way through them.
“What are flatliners?”
“They do the same old routine day after day. No matter how bad things get, they are afraid to change anything in their lives, or the world for that matter, for fear of upsetting the status quo. All they care about is making money, coming home, having dinner, watching television, going to bed. They're content as long as they can get up the next day and do the same thing all over again.” Max lifted his hand and pointed his index finger to the heavens. “I tell you, Ronnie, that kind of life is a living hell.” He turned and looked at her. “Believe me, I know. That’s me in a nutshell, and the harder that I try to escape my old life the more it remains the same.” He gave it some thought. “It gets worse.” So, now I have to put a stop to it.”
“By killing someone? How is that going to help?”
He trundled away, and on the corner of Maple Street and Main, he suddenly stepped from the sidewalk into the ocean of busy traffic without the security of a crosswalk.
Horns blared like foghorns in a stormy sea of confusion.
He stopped in the middle of the street with horns blasting around him and headlights bouncing off his slime-green suit.
Ronnie stepped off the curb and into the traffic.
Max watched frustrated drivers slam on their brakes and hurl angry curses at Ronnie as she clumsily dodged the moving cars with the graceful moves of a lame ballerina.
She caught up with him, grabbed him by his sleeve, and tugged him out of the way of a speeding, horn-blasting taxi. The bumper ripped a patch from his fake-Italian synthetic-silk trousers as it skimmed by the duo.
Max pointed to Mr. Wong’s hotdog stand. “Come on, I'll treat you to one.”
An expression of fear, confusion and anger rose on her face. She grabbed him by the shirt collar and yelled, “How can you possibly be hungry?”
He shook free of her grip and a Mini Cooper avoided squashing him by swerving into the oncoming lane. It locked grills with a Mercedes Benz and they both came to a sudden stop in the middle of the street like two passionate lovers locked in a long, deep kiss. All traffic ceased and horns blared.
He reached the other side, stepped up on the curb and turned around. He motioned for Ronnie to follow. “Come on, while there is a break in the traffic.”
She waded through the noise and confusion and joined Max on the sidewalk. She pointed to the unrest taking place on the corner of Maple Street and Main. “Are you trying to get yourself killed?”
Max shrugged and turned to the vendor behind the cart. “Two dogs all the way, Mr. Wong.”
The vendor smiled and handed Max the two hotdogs.
Max reached into his pocket, pulled out a wad of bills and shoved them into Mr. Wong’s hand. He said magnanimously, “This time, Wong, you can keep the change.” He shoved one of the dogs into Ronnie’s hand. “Best hotdogs in the city.” He took a bite.
She briefly scrutinized the contents of the hotdog before tossing it into a trash barrel and then she surveyed the ongoing drama in the street. “I don't understand how you can have an appetite at a time like this.”
He stopped chewing as he gazed into the chaotic scene where spectators had gathered to gawk at the mayhem. They quickly grew into an unsettled mass of pushes and shoves. “See, I told you. Everything I do causes others heartaches and misery.” He tossed the unfinished remains of his hotdog onto the sidewalk. “I should get this over with.” He bored a passage through the crowd, it sealed closed behind him, and he became a part of the collective sidewalk chaos and disappeared.
She yelled. “Wait for me, Max!” She fought her way through the bio-commotion of tangled bodies and found him standing beneath the soft glow of a streetlamp at the corner of Avenue K and First Street. “You still haven't answered my question.”
“You may not like the answer.” He stepped out of the pool of dim light and waded into the shadows of the empty street.
“Wait,” she yelled, “Now, where are you going?”
Max crossed the black void. “Avenue B.”

Chapter 17

Max led Ronnie on a pilgrimage through a trail of winding streets and an occasional alley filled with offensive odors and indigenous critters that inhabited the convoluted shadows. The pitcher of beer had loosened inhibitions and he began to hum.
She frowned at the intolerable droning. “Do you really need to do that?”
His inebriated opus ended on a sour note as they emerged from an alley and onto an empty street. The August moon hung high in the heavens; bloated by its own light; it washed across the buildings and spilled onto the pavement. They followed the string of storefronts and parking meters.
He stopped in the middle of the sidewalk and announced, “Here we are.”
The forty-story building loomed above their heads and the moon peeked from behind the pinnacle of the tower as a stray cloud whispered across it, blotting out the light, then drifting off like a ghostly sailing ship, trailing a shadow across the empty parking lot.
Ronnie looked confused. “What are we doing here?”
“What I should have done a long time ago.” He pointed to the sundial.
She raised an eyebrow at the bronze figure pointing its sword skyward. “Are you sure that you want to involve a pagan god in all of this?”
Max walked away, pushed the wrought-iron gate open and entered the courtyard. He closed it before Ronnie could step through. “You should go home.” He fished a couple twenty-dollar bills from his wallet. “Take a taxi and go home, Ronnie.” He handed the money across the gate.
She shook her head. “I'm coming with you.”
He stuffed the money back inside his wallet and tucked it in his pocket. “Okay, I warned you, you’re not like what you see.”
“I’m coming along.” She opened the gate and stepped through. “Maybe you’ll sober up or decide to go home and sleep it off.”
They glided up the sidewalk to the heavy, glass double-doors and stopped. He rapped his fist against it. He pressed his face to the glass and cupped his hands around his eyes to block the reflection of the lamps across the street. He peered down the long hallway.
She grabbed him by the shoulder and gave him a gentle tug. “We should go.”
“Not yet.” He pounded hard on the glass until it rattled.
A uniformed figure emerged from the bowels of the hall.
Max pushed away from the door. “Someone is coming.”
The security guard stopped at the door and stared through the glass with the annoyance at the intrusion reflected on his face. He pulled the keys attached to a retractable chain, jingled them, and stuck one in the lock. He opened the door a few inches and stuck his mouth up to the gap. “What do you want?”
Max smiled. “Hi, Andy. How about letting us in?”
His eyes wandered from Max and fixed on Ronnie. “Who's she?”
“A colleague.”
Andy's eyes drifted back to Max. “Can't. You know that no one comes inside after-hours.” He pulled the door closed and locked it.
Max banged his fist against the glass. “Look, we'll just be a few minutes. We need to go over a few things pertaining to the new slogan.” He let his hands slide down the glass. “Come on, Andy, it's important.”
The guard stroked the day-old bristle blossoming on his chin. “Okay, one hour, and then you've got to go.” He unlocked the door, shoved it open, and stepped out of the way.
Max stepped through the door and gave the guard a gentle pat on the shoulder. “Much appreciated.”
“Don't make me come up there and toss you out,” the rent-a-cop warned. He looked at Ronnie. “And no funny business, either.”
“You don't have to worry about that,” she said as she pressed past the night watchman. She heard the sound of the door close behind her and the click of the lock.
Max crossed the foyer to the elevators and pressed the button. The brushed steel doors swished open and a gush of cool stale air rushed from the compartment carrying the same Benny Goodman tune that he had heard in Hinkley's store. He stepped inside with Ronnie close behind.
The closing doors nipped the heel of one of her shoes and she became a tangle of arms and legs as she fell into Max’s open arms.
Max pulled her to her feet. Her nose was inches from his.
Her cheeks flushed red. “Get off me!” She freed herself from his hold and pushed away.
“Me get off you?” Angered that his act of chivalry was spurned, Max blurted out, “I caught you! How about a little gratitude?”
Ronnie regained her balance and composure. She straightened her blouse, and meekly voiced a weak thank you.
“Don’t mention it,” came the chilly reply. He punched the button for the fortieth floor and attempted another nasally serenade.
Ronnie cut it short. “I would rather listen to the elevator music, thank you.”
The elevator jerked to a stop on the top floor, and when the doors opened, they stepped out into an empty hallway.
“Follow me to my office.” Max navigated the familiar halls to a closed door that had his name embossed in black letters on a brass plate. He reached inside his pocket for keys and instead found a hole. He looked down at the rip. “I must have lost my keys when the cabbie ripped a hole in my pants.”
She observed him poking his fingers through the open hole and wiggling them. “It appears that we are locked out. Got another plan?”
Max pulled his hand from his pocket and nodded his head. He yanked a fire extinguisher hanging on a nearby wall from its cradle and slammed it into the narrow glass panel next to the door. The impact sent an explosion of shards spraying across the carpet inside the office. He turned around and smiled at Ronnie. “Voila!” He let the extinguisher drop noisily to the floor, reached inside, unlocked the door, and pushed it open. He made a sweeping motion with his hand. “After you.”
He followed her inside. Glass crunched beneath the hard soles of his shoes as he pushed past her to the large window on the other side of the room. He unlatched the clasp, pressed his hands against the glass and pushed the window open.
Ronnie watched dumbfounded as he hoisted himself up and crawled out onto the ledge. She rushed across the room and stuck her head outside the window. “Get back in here before you fall.”
“No way.” He pressed his back against the bricks. The rough edges poked through his jacket and dug into his soft flesh. “Forty-stories, a five second ride, and no more problem-ohs!”
She looked confused. “You lied?”
“I didn’t lie. This is how I’m going to kill Charley.”
“Where’s Charley? I don’t see a Charley, or anyone else for that matter.”
“Oh, he’s here,” Max assured her. He touched a finger to his head. “He's always here.”
“Stop it, you’re scaring me. I'm calling 9-1-1.” She dug in her purse for her cell phone. Her face turned sullen. “I don’t have a phone anymore.” She reached out and frantically clawed at the cuff of his pants.
He scurried out of her reach with a double-time side-step that made him look like a crab scurrying away from the peril of a fisherman’s net. When he was far enough away, Max edged forward on the ledge until he had compromised what little foundation there was that ensured his existence into the next moment. He stared down into the long stretch of space that ended on bone-crushing bronze metal and the sharp point of the sundial god's sword. A sudden gust of wind threatened to topple him from his narrow perch. He leaned slightly forward and lifted his arms like a jet ready for take-off. He yelled, “Yeah, that's right, come on and take me!” The words might have resonated absurdly against the building across the street and been thrown back in his face, but the wind tearing around the corner ripped the words from his lips and carried them into the night instead. The wind suddenly calmed. Max looked up, glared at the sky, and shook his head. “Fine; I'll do it myself.” He closed his eyes, leaned into the black yawn of darkness, and felt himself falling.
He impacted. The plunge was shorter and softer than what he had expected. There was not any pain, but in all the near-death experience shows that he had watched, it was like that. At any moment, he expected to rise up out of his shattered body and float toward the light with harp music softly playing in the background. He felt a tight grip on his arm and he thought it could be Great-Grand-Paw Fagan come to escort him to the other side. He smiled, slowly turned his head to one side and opened his eyes, “You?” He jerked free. Anger shrouded his face and he shouted, “What happened?”
“I saved you,” she told him.
He skimmed his surroundings. Max was still in his office and the window was open, but his buzz was fading and nerve ebbing. He no longer had enough liquid courage flowing through his veins to try again. “You shouldn’t have stopped me.”
Ronnie picked herself up from the office floor. “Killing yourself isn’t going to solve anything.” She stood and closed the window then turned and looked at him sternly in the eyes. “You need to face up to what you did and fix everything.”
“What do you suggest I do?” he asked.
“The first thing you do is take responsibility for what you created. The second step is to take the right actions.” She extended her hand down to him. “Get up and let’s get moving.”
“Where to?”
“Your apartment. You’re going to return that machine to Mister Sanderson’s shop and learn how to stand on your own two feet.” Ronnie took a pause. “Capiche?”
It took a moment for Max to nod in agreement.

Chapter 18

Outside in the courtyard, Ronnie placed her purse on the lip of the sundial and glared at Max. “Thanks to you I don’t have a phone to call a taxi.”
He frowned. “A taxi? Those guys charge outrageous prices.” He produced his phone. “I’ve got a better idea.” He made a call.
Ramir picked up. “What do you want?”
“I’m outside Elegant Watch and I need a ride.” Silence followed. “I’ll give you five bucks for gas.” The ‘call ended’ prompt immediately popped up on the screen. Max punched redial. To his surprise Ramir answered. “Don’t hang up!” His words gushed out. “First of all, I want to apologize for dragging you into this mess. Secondly, I’m going to get rid of that machine.” Repeating Ronnie’s words he added, “Take responsibility for what I did and stand on my own two feet.”
Silence hung on the line like a wet blanket. Finally, Ramir spoke. “You want me to trust your word? HA!”
Ronnie grabbed the phone out of Max’s hand. “This is Ronnie Lake. I can assure that he’s going to keep his word this time.” She looked at Max. “Aren’t you?”
He nodded weakly.
She thrust the phone to his face. “Aren’t you?”
“Yes!” he shot back.
“Yes what?”
Max rolled his eyes. “Yes, I’m going to keep my word this time.”
To make her words clearly heard she edged in closer to the phone until she and Max were almost cheek to cheek. “Did you hear that?”
“I heard,” said Ramir. “Let me ask you something. How long have you known Max?”
“A few days.”
“You can’t trust him, and for heaven’s sakes don’t get sucked into his drama.”
Her face hovered near Max’s. She cut her eyes to the side and looked at his face to judge whether he was trustworthy.
The corner of Max’s mouth turned up. He looked like one of those little cherub angels in a renaissance painting.
“I plan to cut all ties with him. Soon. But right now we need to be someplace. Can you help?”
Ramir said grudgingly, “I’ll do it for you.” agreed and only because Ronnie was involved. Otherwise he would have held his position to cut all ties with his former friend.
Twenty minutes later, Ronnie was sitting impatiently on the curb while Max lay on his back staring up at the full moon.
She looked down at him. “So, are you okay now?”
“Sure.” He continued to gaze up into the night sky. “Why wouldn't I be?”
“Just making sure.”
A comfortable silence fell between them.
Max broke it. “Hey, Ronnie.”
“Yes?”
He looked up at her. “Thanks for stopping me from jumping.”
She didn’t know if his apology came from a sincere place or if it were a ruse to get her to let her guard down. “Don’t mention it.”
Trivial conversation followed, mostly about movies and music, but it soon receded like an afternoon tide and they both slipped into silence listening to the sounds coming out of the city. Time passed slowly.
The late-night ambience was suddenly corrupted by clanking and clattering that stirred a murder of crows nesting on the roof of a building into flight. In the distance, a dark plume of smoke rose in the air like the exhaust from old steam-driven locomotive, boiler-fired with coal, and it crossed paths with the full moon giving the scene an eerie look. Max was almost expecting to hear the lonesome wail of the train's whistle—like the ones he'd listen to while lying in bed late at night when he was kid living near the tracks, and the express would rattle down the rails on its way to some destination unknown to him—but he already knew what was creating the ruckus. He bolted upright and pointed it out as it traveled toward them. “Here he comes.”
Ronnie squinted “What the hell is that, a ghost train?”
He shook his head. “No—” before Max could spit out another word, the old Volvo topped the hill and sped toward them with the engine clunking. When the car arrived to where they were sitting, the metal on metal brakes let out a loud squeal that brought the junker to a stop.
Max jumped up from the curb. “Come on.”
Ronnie looked dismayed and began shaking her head. “Uh uh, no way I’m getting into that thing.”
“You can ride shotgun and I’ll take the backseat.”
She remained seated on the curb.
Ramir rolled down his window. “Come on you two, I don’t have all night.”
Max extended his hand down to her.
She stared at his hand and then back at the clunker. She surrendered reluctantly and placed her hand into his. “Okay.” She pulled herself up from the curb. Then she freed herself from his grip and stuck her hand out with the palm up “But first, let me have your phone.”
“What for?”
“Because, I need to make a call.”
He groaned as he fished it out of his pocket. He planted it in her hand. “Make it quick so you don’t use up all of my minutes.”
Max crawled into the back seat and Ramir grabbed the rearview mirror and adjusted the angle like a periscope of a submarine searching out enemy ships. It came to rest on Max’s reflection. Ramir exclaimed, “I can’t keep making excuses to leave my house every night. My wife is starting to get suspicious. So let’s make this quick.”
Max shrugged helplessly. “I'll try.” He looked out the window at Ronnie pacing the sidewalk while talking on the phone. The distance changed her words into unintelligible babble. He began feeling irritable and pounded on the glass. When she turned her head toward him, Max beckoned her to get inside the car. She scowled back and continued her conversation. Max rolled down the window. “Hey, Princess, we don’t have all night.”
She covered the phone with her free hand and spouted, “Do you mind?”
He grumbled and rolled the window up.
She stomped over to the car and opened the door. “You’ve got to be the rudest man that I’ve ever met.” After she settled in the front seat, Ronnie tossed the phone over her shoulder.
His reflexes were too slow and it struck him upside the head. “Owwwwwww.” He rubbed his temple.
She turned around blazing a sarcastic smile. “Oh, I’m sorry.”
“I’ll bet you are.” He continued to rub as Ramir gave the clunker some gas and the thing chugged out into the street.
Ronnie rolled down her window and allowed the fumes to escape.

Chapter 19

With a medley of a squeaky suspension and knocking engine sounds, the three cruised across town on the deserted streets of Camden until Ramir pulled to a stop in front of the complex.
When the smoke cleared, Max got out of the car and stood on the sidewalk in the light of the moon.
“Get going!” said Ramir. “I don’t have all night.”
Max mumbled something back before trundling away.
They both watched as Max walked across the courtyard with his shadow trailing behind. He clattered up the stairs, walked the narrow landing, and entered his apartment. After Max closed door behind him the gap of silence opened and opportunity for a conversation. Ronnie had a growing interest in the two allies’ relationship. “How long have you two been friends?”
“Long enough to know that I don’t want to be his friend anymore.”
“You’ve must have seen something good in him at one time.”
Ramir thought about it and nodded. “He’s nice. I remember the time that he rescued a stray cat out of a tree and brought it back to his apartment until he could find it a home.”
Ronnie pursed her lips and nodded.
“He’s helped others without their knowing and people that couldn’t pay him back.”
“Wow,” said Ronnie. “I never expected to hear that about Max.”
“Yeah, but he’s got that thing where the devil sits on one shoulder whispering in his ear. Unfortunately for Max and everyone else, he listens.”
She returned a knowing nod. “The devil that sits on Max’s shoulder is named Charley.”
Ramir furrowed his brow and stared quizzically. “How’d you know that?”
“He told me about Charley.”
Ramir cocked an eyebrow. “What did he say?”
“Only that this mess Max created was Charley’s idea and Max was going to kill him.” 
“How can he do that?”
“Max was going to jump from his office window onto the sundial god.”
Ramir looked astonished. “Why would he do a crazy thing like that?”
Ronnie shrugged. “Maybe he thinks it’s the only way to clear his guilty conscious and get rid of the voice inside his head and just maybe that would make everything better.”
Ramir looked concerned and shook his head. “I had no idea Max had thoughts like that.” He looked off. “I should have been a better friend.”
“What’s stopping you now?”
“Nothing.”
“If you change what you see in Max it could help him change what he sees in himself,” said Ronnie.
A pause followed then Ramir sighed. “I’m such a conformist, milquetoast, but him… he’s bold.” Ramir gazed thoughtfully. “He’s what I want to be.” Ramir smirked. “The bold part, not the crazy part, I admire his audacity.” He thought on it a second. “Also, his genius.”
She looked surprised. “Genius? Max?”
“Yeah, he’s smarter than most people realize.” He told her about Max’s prototype watch. After he finished the story, Ramir woefully shook his head “I don’t think he’ll listen to me, but he might listen to you.”
“Why would he listen to me over the advice of a friend?”
“He’s biased. Max knows my flaws.”
Max’s apartment door opened and emitted a burst of light from inside.
Ronnie watched Max wade through the moonlight carrying what was left of The God Machine. She turned to Ramir and nodded. “Okay, if I can help, I will.”
Max arrived at the car huffing and puffing. He freed a hand to open the rear door while struggling to balance the machine in the other. Red-faced from his tussle and breathing hard, Max tossed the machine into the back seat and climbed in.
Ronnie looked back over her shoulder. “Are you okay?”
“Fine.” He heaved a deep breath. “I’m fine.”
Her gaze fell onto the apparatus. All the tubes were blown and the antenna wilted. The power cord was charred and the insulating coating brittle. “What happened to it?”
“I guess it was defective,” Max snapped.
“He modified it,” Ramir volunteered.
“Mind your own business and drive,” Max ordered.
Ramir started the car’s engine. Serenaded by the knocks and pings, squeaks and groans, Ronnie guided him to the shop. Worn-out brake pads squealed as he came to a stop along the curb at the storefront.
The passenger door withstood the duress of determined pushes and shoves from Ronnie, until, finally, the hinges belched out a red cloud of rust. The door swung open with a loud groan and a machine gun burst of metallic pops. She climbed out of the seat and stood on the curb looking back into the car at Ramir. “Maybe you should think about shooting a little oil onto those things.”
“Scratch that,” said Max. “I think the rust is the only thing holding this piece of junk together.”
Ramir frowned. ”It got us here, didn’t it?”
Ramir reached over, pulled the passenger door closed, and looked back over his shoulder. “Get out, Max.”
Instead of exiting through the rear door, Max collapsed the front seat forward and clambered over it, swiveled from his hips and reached back over the seat for the machine. He grunted and groaned as he hoisted it over. He was panting and leaned against the door. “Can you help me with this thing? It’s heavy.”
“I agreed to pick you up and drive you across town. I did what I said I was going to do.”
“Come on, Ramir, don’t be like that.” Max continued panting.
Ronnie stooped and looked through the window establishing eye contact with Ramir. Through their meeting gaze she sent a clear message.
Ramir huffed. “All right, I’ll help you carry it in.” He stopped the engine. Immediately, the clinking and clanking ceased.
“Thanks, pal.” Max got out and waited.
In the company of her shadow, Ronnie crossed the sidewalk to the storefront where she fidgeted with a key and was able to plug it into the lock. After she opened the door, she looked back over her shoulder and urged them to follow with a sweep of her hand.
Ramir rounded the front bumper and grudgingly slogged his way to the open door.
Max pointed to the machine. “You grab it and bring it inside while I hold the door open.”
Ramir gritted his teeth and got a grip on the each side and lifted it from the threadbare seat.
As Ramir entered through the open door, Ronnie pointed to the table across the room. “Set it there.”
Max followed behind. He didn't know why he felt the need to tiptoe into the shop other than it could be his guilty conscience nagging him about his recent pilferages.
Ramir plunked it down and faced Max. Stone-faced, he said, “Come on, Max, I’ll give you a ride home.”
Ronnie looked at her watch then opened her mouth to speak, but a loud crash overhead shook the ceiling and sent flecks of plaster and dust to the floor.
Ramir looked up and a rogue speck of plaster landed in his eye. “It sounds like someone is up there.” He wiped the debris out of his eye with the tip of his finger.
Max dusted plaster off the top of his head. “Let’s get out of here.”
“Wait!” Ronnie rushed ahead of them and blocked the front door. “That could be Mister Sanderson up there.”
“What would he be doing up there at this time of night?” asked Ramir.
“Sometimes he goes up into the attic and loses track of time. He may have fallen and could be hurt. Unconscious,” she added with a look of concern in her eyes. “Please come with me to check. I may need your help.”
Both Max and Ramir reluctantly agreed.
Ronnie springboarded into action. She whirled around and rushed toward the rows of bookshelves. Max and Ramir stayed close on her heels. They followed her through the open corridors to a dead end, a wall with peeling, flowered wallpaper and a white door whose paint had dulled yellow and cracked over time. Ronnie stopped, grabbed the glass knob, and jiggled it. “Locked,” she said. Then she rapped her fist against the wood. Her pounding echoed behind the door with a hollow resonance. “Mister Sanderson, are you up there?” She stopped knocking and listened for answer that didn’t come. Ronnie tried the glass knob again without any luck. “Mister Sanderson must have locked the door behind him.” She spun around and said with urgency, “We have to find the key.”
Ronnie hurried them back to the front desk, switched on the lamp, and began digging through the cubby-holes beneath the counter. After a quick search, she looked up and said, “It's not here.”
“Where could it be?” Ramir asked.
She shook her head. “I don't know. We'll have to search for it. Instead of a bow, the top of the key is shaped like a wolf’s head. The eyes are two small, red gemstones.” She checked the time again.
They broke and went in separate directions scouring every nook and cranny.
After a brief frantic search for the key, Max said, “We’re wasting time.” His reached for his phone. “We should call 9-1-1.”
“Wait!”
Max stopped and questioned her with his eyes.
She said, “They may take too long to get here. We need to try something else.”
“Try this.” Ramir poured paperclips from a container onto the counter. He picked one out and bent it straight. “It works every time.”
Max thought about his own failed attempts and rolled his eyes. “Don't be ridiculous, Ramir, everybody knows that only works in the movies.”
“Let him try,” said Ronnie.
“I’ve got this,” Max assured them. He pulled a battered credit card from his wallet and he pushed them aside as he marched to the door leading to the attic. They both followed and watched as he dropped down to his knees and slipped the thin edge of the card between the door and the jamb and worked it back and forth while trying to pry the latch from its nest inside the jamb. While carefully turning the glass knob like a safecracker, the card snapped in half. “Dammit!” Max cried out.
“I still have this.” Ramir held up the straightened paper clip.
“Didn’t I tell you that using a paperclip to jimmy a lock open only works in the movies?”
Ramir stepped up and crowded Max out, plugged the tip into the keyhole, and began twisting and turning the metal appendage.
Max growled out, “You’re wasting time.” A click from the lock deprived him of his arrogant claim.
With a self-satisfying grin blazing on his lips, Ramir gave the door a pull. With an eerie groan that echoed throughout the dark bowels of the stairwell the door slowly opened. He reached around the corner and groped the wall for a light switch that wasn't there.
“I know my way up.” The dim light that had crawled inside gave Ronnie a ghostly appearance as she silently glided up the risers. Halfway up, the light slipped into darkness and she disappeared. “Coming?” her voice slithered from the gloom. The magnetic draw of their inquisitive natures pulled them to where she was standing at the attic’s entrance.
“Mister Sanderson?” Max called out.
“There’s a bulb hanging from the ceiling with a pull chain,” said Ronnie.
Max looked alarmed. “You want me to go in there?” He gazed into the black abyss. “Alone?”
“Step aside,” said Ramir. “I’ll do it.”
Determined not to be outshined twice, Max stuck out his hand and planted it against Ramir’s chest. “I didn’t say that I wasn’t going in.” Forced to depend on feel, Max stepped through the threshold and waded through the pitch-black room with his hand out in front of him. He creaked across the floorboards hoping that he wouldn’t stumble over Mr. Sanderson’s dead body. Something lightly brushed against Max’s ear. Fueled by fear aroused adrenaline, he grabbed it with lightning speed only to find that he had discovered the pull chain. Max let out a sigh of relief and when he pulled the string, a low-wattage lamp shed enough light to distinguish the oddities haphazardly nestled on the shelves, but no body. “Wow! Look at all that weird stuff!” A smile blazed across Max’s face.
As the other two followed him inside, Ramir pointed to the sprawled heap of boxes. Their contents of books spilled across the floor. “There’s our culprit.” Next to the mess was another column of boxes stacked like a spiral staircase on the verge of collapse.
Max shuffled closer to the shelves to marvel at a large glass jar. He leaned in and tapped against the glass. He turned around. “Hey, Ramir, I found the attic piranhas, but they're swimming in formaldehyde.”
Ramir wandered over to a table cluttered with artificial flowers, and as his eyes widened, he took a step back. “That's just gross. These are flowers from graves.” He turned and looked at Max. “There's no way someone would want to buy something like that?”
Max thought about Bertram’s collection and knowingly replied, “There's something for everyone and someone for everything.”
Ramir continued to browse the shelf with a curious look on his face until he came to a gallon jar. He stopped, leaned in close, peered through the glass, and jumped back. “Whoa! Sanderson has a pet.” Ramir nervously pointed to the jar with a two-headed snake floating in liquid. “Pretty sick, if you ask me,” he added with a nervous edge in his voice. “I've seen enough, it's time to get out of here.”
Max had wandered over to a wall of shelves that was filled with old books. He suddenly stopped. “I found something. He was pointing. The feeble light failed to unveil the crux of the matter.
Ramir was dragged along by the undertow of mystery.
A book lay on the shelf. The title, Der Gott Maschine, was barely visible. “It must be another manual for the machine!” Max snatched the book up from its bed of dust and blew. A cloud billowed into the air. He cracked the cover and began flipping through pages of text and old photographs. “There’s not enough light!” He carried it to the middle of the room and stood beneath the bulb dangling from the wire. He opened it. “Maybe there are schematics and I can fix it.”
Ramir grabbed it from his hand. “There’s no way I’m going to let that happen!”
Ronnie stepped in. “You said that you would fix everything without using the machine as a crutch.”
Max narrowed his eyes and made a grab for the book that quickly became a tussle and the book fell to the floor, wide open.
“Look!” Max pointed to the sepia picture. The machine was on top of a table front and center. Standing behind it were uniformed men looking proud, except one.
“That’s―!” Max pointed to the stoic man wearing a white lab coat.
The floorboards creaked loudly behind them.” They turned and gasped.
A figure obscured by shadows filled the frame of the doorway.
Ramir shrank back and huddled against Max.
A rough voice growled out, “What in the Sam Hill is going on here?”
A swirl of gray smoke, carried on a cushion of air, preceded the figure entering the attic.

Chapter 20

“Impossible,” Max exclaimed. “I saw the paramedics take you to the hospital. I heard that it was a heart attack.”
Follis took a drag off his lit cigar, exhaled a cloud of fragrant apple scented smoke and replied, “False alarm.” He looked at Max's appearance incomprehensibly. “What's happened to you?” He didn’t wait for a reply. “You look like something that the cat drug in.”
Ronnie stepped forward and took Follis by the hand. “Thank goodness you’re here, Grandfather.”
Max and Ramir looked at Ronnie. They looked at Follis, then at each other, and asked in unison, “Grandfather?”
Ronnie lifted her wrist in the air. “Who do you think gave me the watch?” She pointed to Follis. “That’s who I called from your phone.”
“That's right, Cheese Puff. When she called me and told me that she was with Max Fagan and that I needed to come to Sanderson’s shop, I got over here as quick as I could.” He tugged on Ronnie's hand. “Let's get out of here. I’m taking you home.”
“No, we can’t.” She pulled free. “Not until you’ve heard what Max has to say.”
Follis' gray eyes rested on Max like a lead weight. “I'm sure whatever Fagan has to say is of no interest to me.”
“It’s business,” said Ronnie.
His gaze turned scornful. “I don't know what kind of business you're up to in the wee hours of the morning, Fagan, but I'm sure that it's no good.”
“It’s about saving Elegant Watch,” she said. “We only have tonight to come up with a plan.”
Follis’ glare melted and turned to inquisitiveness.
Max lost his tongue.
“Well?” Follis’ tone was stern.
“Tell him everything you told me while we were at Magikal Mike's.”
A tingling started in Max's groin, just like when the cars of a rollercoaster take that long, steep plunge downward as the confession rolled off the tip of his tongue. “I stole the idea for the slogan from one of the Stones’ rock and roll songs.”
“I should have known.” Follis shook his head. “I've heard enough.”
“But there's more. You should listen,” Ramir said insistently.
“Kenny Miles has written a proposal that he is going to present to the company CEO tomorrow. It's a detailed prospectus to move every job at the Camden branch out of the country. He would be the axe man. He would get a two-hundred and fifty thousand dollar bonus for doing it, and head the new overseas operation; leaving the rest of us high and dry.” He hung his head. “And that's where my slogan comes in.” The tingling spiraled around Max's belly and rapidly spread throughout his body as a wave of regret. “The threat of a lawsuit sabotaged Grantham's plans to boost sales and was what Kenny needed to put his plan on the fast track.”
Follis retained his cantankerous attitude toward Max. “Good going, Fagan. Grantham and I have been fighting a long, hard battle to keep the doors of the factory open, but your shenanigans are going to make it impossible to convince the head office we can rally. Camden will be a ghost town in less than a year.” He shoved the cigar in between his lips. When he took a drag, the tip fired red, and his question came out in a stream of smoke. “What are you anyway, one of the four horsemen of the apocalypse?”
The insult hit like a hard slap across his face. Max turned his head away and caught sight of his own reflection in the glass curio cabinet across the room feeling the burn on his cheeks. “I’m sorry.”
Ramir hiked his shoulders up around his ears. “Can't we just stop the new slogan campaign before it has the chance to turn into a lawsuit?”
“There's still the problem of sagging profits. We're going in the red.” Follis coughed out his words.
Ronnie’s face took on a look of concern. “Are you okay, Grandfather?”
“Don't coddle me,” he grumbled, and then pointed his finger at Max. “It’s nothing that getting rid of him won't cure.”
Under a cloak of darkness, Sanderson had been watching the drama unfold from the stairwell. He suddenly stepped forward, and intervened. “You don’t want to do that.”
A look of surprise sprang up on Follis' face. After giving Sanderson a quick once over, Follis asked, “And just exactly who are you?”
“Hans Sanderson, the owner of this shop.”
“Give me one good reason not to get rid of him.”
“Because, he is going to help you save the company and the city of Camden,” Sanderson replied.
The surprised look quickly drained from Follis' face and left behind a disdainful scowl. He pointed his finger at Max. “Him?” He turned the finger in on himself and jabbed it against his chest. “Help me?” He dropped his hand and said, “I've spent the last five years trying to rid myself of this annoying little pest.”
“Give him a chance,” Mr. Sanderson insisted.
“Not that it’s any of your business, but why should I?”
“He’s got Der Gott Maschine.”
Follis wrinkled his brow. “Der what?”
“It’s German,” said Sanderson. “It translates to The God Machine.”
Follis laughed.
“There is a God Machine.” Ramir handed the book to Mr. Follis.
He opened it and began flipping through the pages. “How am I supposed to read this?” He flipped a few more pages. “I can’t understand a word.” He handed the book to Mr. Sanderson who opened it again and quickly strummed through the pages.
“This is the God Machine.” Sanderson pointed to an apparatus of glass tubes, wires, and the disc decorated with a German swastika. A fuzzy electric caterpillar was frozen in the act of crawling up between the two rods. A man fettered to a chair by leather straps wore the copper ring on his head and had a terrified look on his face.
“And what does this God Machine do?”
“It’s a thought amplifier. The moment the electrical charge reaches the apex, it strikes the copper ring that is attached to the machine and whatever thought held in mind manifest instantly.”
“Why didn’t the Germans ever use it for their own gains?”
“Fortunately, the war ended before it was perfected.”
“What about the scientists that worked on it?”
“One man,” said Mr. Sanderson. “He was my great-grandfather,” He turned the page and pointed to the man in the picture wearing a white smock and flanked on each side by a Nazi SS officer.
“Was your grandfather a Nazi?”
“No. Sadly, he was a German-Jew in Nazi Germany, a good man and a brilliant scientist. He and his family were placed in a concentration camp, but the scientific exodus from Nazi Germany in nineteen-thirty three left Hitler with only a small fraction of physicists and scientists. My great-grandfather was extracted and forced to work on Hitler’s unholy fantasies.”
“Why would he put anything like that in the hands of the Nazis?”
“If he had refused, his family would have been terminated. After the war he didn’t waste a minute in bringing his family to the United States, along with the machine and he hid it before it could fall into the wrong hands.”
“And you gave it to Max?” Follis stared wide-eyed with disbelief.
“My grandfather knew that the fault didn’t reside in the design of the machine, but in the intrinsic dual nature of human consciousness of good and evil.” He paused. “Power within itself is indifferent. It is how it’s used that determines good or bad outcomes. I thought Max would use it for the highest good.”
Follis folded his arms across his chest. “And just how did you use it?” he asked Max.
Max felt himself teetering on the edge of an insane confession or reverting back to the habit of telling a plausible lie. “I tried to vaporize Kenny into the ozone.”
Follis broke out into laughter, but it quickly died and his face converted into an expression of bafflement. “You're kidding, right?”
“No.”
Follis stuck the cigar into his mouth and began to pace back and forth in front of him like a prosecuting attorney in an old episode of the Perry Mason television series. “And did you use this God Machine to attempt to unravel Mister Miles' molecules?”
“Yes,” Max sheepishly replied.
“And what resulted?”
Max clammed up.
“Sir,” Ramir raised his hand. “Max terrorized all the board members and Kenny is still alive and well.”
Max pointed a finger accusingly at Ramir. “That’s because you let the operation manual burst into flames after we rescued it from Diablo and Demon!”
Follis stopped his pacing, unfolded his arms, and placed his hands on his hips and verbally pounced. “I knew that I should have fired you a long time ago. But now I can see to it that you have a nice, cozy room in the loony-bin.”
Sanderson sighed heavily and shook his head. “The temptation to misuse the power is too great. I think it would be best for all humankind if The God Machine were destroyed.”
“You don’t have to worry about that anymore,” said Ramir.
“What are you saying?”
Max gave Mr. Sanderson a sheepish grin. “The machine sorta got broken.”
Mr. Sanderson frowned. “What do you mean it got broken?”
“Well, I tried to modify its energy output and it fried.”
“Toast,” Ramir added.
“Impossible!” Sanderson looked astonished.
“No it’s not!” Follis chuckled sarcastically and made the face to go along with it. “Fagan is the only man I know that can tear up a steel ball.”
Ramir stepped forward. “Max doesn’t need a machine. He’s a genius.”
“A genius? HA!” Follis shifted his gaze over to Max. “You must have been keeping it under wraps all these years.” His eyes drifted back to Ramir. “It's obvious that you and I don't share the same faith in Mister Fagan.” With the cigar still wedged between his index and middle finger, he angled the fiery tip of the stogie at Max. “Like I said before; I don't need his kind of help.”
“He’s right anyway,” Max replied. “No one at Elegant Watch is going to take me seriously after what I did at the morning meeting yesterday.”
“Don't talk like that,” Ronnie took a place next to his side.
Follis looked baffled. “What are you seeing in this person that I'm not?”
“I didn't like Mister Fagan much either at first, but I believe he can help. Besides, he helped create this situation and he should help remedy the problem. All of this shouldn't fall on your shoulders.”
“Forget about it,” Follis growled. “There is no way I want Fagan on my team.” His cheeks glowed like hot embers. He calculated the narrow gap between her and Max. “Don't stand so close to him, Ronnie, it's making me nervous.”
“Calm down,” she warned him. “You have to remember your heart condition.”
Follis took in a deep breath and slowly exhaled. He repeated the process until the anger firing his cheeks vanished. He softly nodded his head and calmly asked, “So, Mister Fagan, you've got a plan to stop Kenny?”
“Come on, Max,” Ramir encouraged. “Tell him about the watch you invented.”
Max tried to stifle Ramir's running off at the mouth by shooting him a hard glance and silently mouthing, “Shut up.” If he were standing closer, he would have stomped on his toe.
“Max has been working on a revolutionary device,” Ronnie offered. “It’s going to set a new paradigm in the watch industry.”
Follis slightly bowed his head and took a moment to study the situation, then peeked out from beneath steely, gray eyebrows at Ronnie. “So, you've seen this watch?”
She shook her head.
“I have,” said Ramir.
Follis stood up straight, pulled his shoulders back, and shook his head. With a full head of steam behind his words, he replied, “He thought he could disintegrate the vice president of the branch with the power of his mind. He's a nut! And you must think I’m one too if you think I’m going to let him pitch his gizmo to the CEO of the company. No—the answer is no. I'll come up with something by tomorrow morning.”
“That’s only a few hours from now,” Ramir told him.
“Don't you remember what you told me when I was a little girl?” Ronnie asked. The expression on her grandfather's face went blank. “You said that it's the little guys that are the spirit of the company. You said it was their hard work and ideas that kept the company growing.” The hardness on Follis' face softened. “This could be our only shot.”
A long interlude of silence followed. Finally, Follis spoke. His eyes were on Ronnie. “I trust you. You’ve been right about other things.” He shook his head. “I must be crazy.” He glared at Max. “Okay, Fagan, but you'd better not screw this up.”


Chapter 21

The branches of the juniper trees crippled the light of the moon and Max was wading through the broken patches of moonlight spackling the sidewalk when Ronnie caught up to him. “I want to talk to you,” she said.
“About what?”
“My grandfather.”
“What about the Old Fossil; sorry, I mean your grandfather.”
She reached out, pulled him to a stop, and snapped out a curt reply. “I know how all of you on the production line feel about him, but the truth is, he's a good man and the company means everything to him.”
“I know,” Max replied. “I've seen the awards on his desk.”
“It means more to him than a bunch of awards,” she shot back. Ronnie let her hand fall away from his shoulder.
“Okay.” Max raised his hands in defense. “I'm sorry.”
“Grandfather helped start the company and he worked his way up from the production line and became one of the best executives to serve on the board.” Her face clouded with resentment. “And then, Kenny Miles showed up.”
“What happened?”
“Mr. Miles sabotaged every project that my grandfather had set in place to improve the sales of Elegant's watches. Kenny blamed Grandfather's projects for the decline in profit margins and the board demoted him. But the truth is, the drop was caused by the decreasing demand for wristwatches.”
“So, why didn't he just retire?”
“He was suspicious that Kenny was up to something, so he stuck around to keep an eye on things.”
“I never knew.”
“He’s had your back for a long time. Yours and everyone else's. It would be nice if you have his in tomorrow's meeting.” She left him standing in a puddle of moonlight. After she was out of sight, he walked the rest of the way to his apartment, hoping for her sake and all others concerned; his invention was adequate to win the CEO's approval.
When he climbed the steps to his apartment, his feet felt like lead weights. The lack of sleep had sucked all of the energy out of his body and he fought off fatigue by keeping himself busy. He removed his suit and replaced it with a Super Sleeper Slip-Over he had purchased during a late-night buying spree on the Shopper Channel. Too tired to bother reading the cleaning instructions on the tag, Max shoved his suit, along with an armload of other miscellaneous items from the laundry basket, into the washing machine, added detergent, and placed the setting on normal.
He sat at the table and wrote out some key notes for the morning meeting. He wanted to be prepared to give it his best sales pitch. After the load of wash was finished and in the dryer, he sat down on the couch and waited for it to complete its cycle. He immediately went into a deep, dreamless sleep that lasted until yellow shafts of morning sun pierced the holes in the drapes like sharp arrows and found their way to Max’s eyes. He warded off the pain giving light with the back of his hand. Another moment passed before he realized that is was morning, and he jumped up and pawed through clutter on the coffee table for his watch. He found it and looked at the dial. “Shit, late again.”
He pulled off his nightclothes, scrambled to the dryer, and opened the door. He pulled out the wad of clothes tangled up with bath towels and other assorted items of a non-material nature, such as lottery tickets, ink pens, forgotten sticks of chewing gum, and what was left of his performance report from work. An odd scent filled the air that could only be described as an alley at a circus. He unraveled his new suit from the convoluted pile and dug though the pockets until he discovered the source of the odor. He found the mummified remains of a dried-out wiener encased in the sarcophagus of a rock-hard bun. He shrugged, stuffed the hotdog back into the pocket, grabbed the air freshener from the shelf and gave the suit a healthy dose of Autumn Breeze. He wrapped the damaged toe of his shoe in duct-tape, dressed, and hurried out the door with his notes and the watches he had crafted.
To avoid the usual traps that delayed him, Max avoided Main Street and took an alternate route. He skirted along a crooked fence densely populated with old advertisements that were washed-out by harsh elements and the passing of time. He turned the corner and collided with Mr. Wong's hotdog stand. “Owwww.” He bent over and rubbed his shin. He straightened up. “Why don't you watch where you park this thing?”
“Wong has been waiting for you.” The hotdog vendor bowed.
“I came this way trying to avoid running into you.” Max looked suspicious. “How’d you know I’d take this route?”
“To know what other people think good business.”
“What do you want?”
Wong held out a fortune cookie. “I bake just for you.”
“I don't want that.”
“Not wise to refuse food for thought.”
“I don't have time for your fortune-cookie advice.” Max turned and walked away following the path of the cracked sidewalk. When he rounded the next fence corner Mr. Wong was there waiting. His hand was extended and he held the fortune cookie in his open palm.
Max stopped. “You’re starting to creep me out, old man.”
Wong insistently held out the cookie.
“All right.” Max took it from Wong’s hand. “I’ll read it.” He broke it open and read aloud, “Change is around the next corner.” Max ate the cookie and tossed the slip of paper.
“Five dollars.” Wong bobbed his hand up and down.
“I'm not paying you five dollars for one of your crazy riddles.”
“Advice free.” Wong bobbed his open hand up and down. “Five dollars for cookie.”
Max shouted, “Five dollars? That's a rip-off!”
“Very special, this one.”
Max shook his head. “Not this time.”
“Okay,” said Mr. Wong. “You keep five dollars. Maybe you use it to buy new wardrobe.” He waved Max off with a sweep of his hand. “You go now.”
Max huffed and stormed away. He glanced back over his shoulder. Mr. Wong and the hotdog cart were both gone. As Max rounded the next corner of fence the old bum was sitting propped against the snaggletooth board fence.
The old man held up his tin cup and rattled the coins inside it. “Hey Buddy, can you spare some change?”
Max ran.

Chapter 22

Max slipped through the iron gate and walked up to the pagan god still locked in immortal combat with the heavens. A foul odor found its way to his nose. He stopped at the edge of the bronze disc and removed his jacket, reached down into his pocket and pulled out the remains of the hotdog. He placed it like an offering at the sundial god's feet and walked away.
Inside, when the elevator doors opened, Kenny was already waiting in the car. “It's about time you got here. I've been riding this thing for over an hour for a chance to talk to you.”
“Save it.” Max held up his hand and stepped aboard.
The doors closed. Kenny sniffed the air and looked down at Max. “Ewww. You're ripe, little man.” Then he smiled deviously and stared him up and down. He looked at Max's pants, with the cuffs riding three inches above the tops of his shoes, exposing the full regalia of his colorful socks that looked like a fourth of July aerial explosion, and the toe of his shoe wrapped in duct-tape. “Nice ensemble.” He picked off a small clump of paper clinging to Max's lapel before punching the button for the top floor.
Max held himself like a gunslinger with an itchy trigger-finger ready for a showdown. “I'm going to stop your plans.”
Kenny grinned. “If you think that you can save the day you’re living in a fantasy world.” He shook his head. “I've gone over Grantham's head and reported your activities to the Head CEO of the company. She'll be announcing in this morning's meeting that your slogan project has been shut down and Elegant Watch is closing its doors here in Camden.” The elevator arrived at the top floor. The doors opened and Kenny departed.
Max rushed out of the elevator. He collided with Grantham and one of Max's fake eyebrows popped loose at one end and sprang out like a jack-in-the-box.
Grantham took a step back. “What happened to your eyebrows?” He looked at Max's suit. “And your clothes?” He shook his head. “Never mind. I just got wind that Kenny called an emergency board meeting, something about the new slogan being stolen. Do you know anything about that?”
Max stared down at his bandaged shoe.
“That's what I thought. Kenny Miles has been trying to go over my head for months and bring this branch down. You just gave him the leverage that he needed to do that.” Grantham walked away.
Max dodged the glares and funny looks from co-workers and gratefully slipped through his office door. The maintenance crew was cleaning up broken pieces of glass out of the carpet and replacing the broken panel from the night before.
Ramir sat behind the desk and nodded at the broken glass. “How do you suppose that happened?”
“Don't know.” He shrugged and sat down on the sofa.
“Do you have giant moths or something?”
“What?”
“Your clothes,” replied Ramir. “It looks like you have some kind of infestation problem.”
Max poked a finger through one of the holes in his jacket. “How was I supposed to know that it was dry-clean only?”
“I've got to say that this costume looks much better than the trash bag disguise.” Ramir leaned back a little to take in the entire outfit. “All you need is a red rubber nose and a squirting flower to make it complete.”
Max fiddled with the eyebrow hanging out of place. “I need glue.”
Ramir looked through the drawer. “We don't have any.” He closed it and picked up the role of Scotch Tape sitting on the desk. “We have this.”
“Pull off a piece for me, would you?”
Ramir ripped off a piece long enough to cover the length of the eyebrow and handed it to Max.
He took it and placed the tape over the brow. It looked like some type of weird bug placed under a microscope slide. “How does it look?”
Ramir cocked his head. “Well, it matches the rest of your outfit.”
The maintenance foreman approached Ramir and tossed a sheet of paper on the desk. “The work's all done, Mister Ramirez.” He motioned to the paper. “If you'll sign off on the work order, we'll be out of here.”
Ramir scrawled out his signature.
The foreman took it and gathered his tools. He left the room and the other three men followed him out.
Max waited until the crew was well out of sight. “I'm ready to go through with our plan to stop Kenny.”
“Okay. So, what if the CEO doesn't like your idea.” He squeezed his eyes shut in anguish. “I hope you're not going to try and disintegrate Kenny in front of the board members again.”
“You're not going to have to worry about that. Trust me.”
“I remember the last time you told me that.” Ramir settled back in his chair and stared at the ceiling. “Oh well, I think I can get a job in Amarillo selling tractor tires and supplies. I always wanted to see Texas.”
Kenny passed by the door whistling the familiar tune from Max's slogan.
“I guess that's our cue.” Ramir stood up. “Let's go get this over with.”
They joined Bertram at the end of the line that was moving toward the conference room.
Max held out his hand. “I just want to apologize for the things I said to you in the hall.”
Bertram looked down at Max's hand. “What about the phone call?”
“Yeah, sorry about that, too.”
Bertram smiled and took it.
Max released Bertram's hand. “Maybe you could come over this Friday, drink a few brews and have dinner.”
“Sure.” Keller beamed. He made a fist and tapped Max on the shoulder.
They turned the corner and filed inside the meeting room. The seats were quickly filling around the table and they scrambled to get the only three chairs clustered together. The overflow of executives found seats along the wall and sat down.
After everyone had settled, the room fell silent, and tension charged the air.
Ramir leaned in close to Max and whispered. “Do you know what you're going to say?”
Max thought about the shredded notes, pointed at his head, and whispered back. “Don't worry; I've got it all up here.”
Grantham rose from his chair. “I'll get right to the point; this was not an easy decision. We all know that the profit margin has been in a steady decline for the last five years due to the downward trend in sales of wind-up watches. The new slogan, and icon campaign, was a last-ditch effort to pull this branch out of the financial slumps. And due to unforeseen complications with the new slogan, we must accept the fact that the Elegant Watch Company in Camden has come to an end.”
Harold Fletcher turned to Max with a scowl on his face. “This is your fault, Max Fagan.”
The remark turned all eyes on Max, and he felt the stares of his co-workers burning a hole in him. He slumped down in his chair until his fur-lined eyes were the only thing visible over the lip of the table. He looked like a mutant turtle peering over the rim of a fishbowl.
Kenny gave Max a self-satisfied grin.
Grantham said, “I'm turning this meeting over to the CEO, Joyce Van Meter.” He sat down.
A tall woman with silver hair pulled back into a tight bun stood up and all eyes shifted from Max onto her. She stood rigid with her pinky fingers touching the seams of her trousers like a well-disciplined soldier standing at attention, and her face remained expressionless when she spoke. “I realize how difficult this must be for all of you and I can assure you that it was not an easy decision to close this branch. However, after evaluating the cost of what it would take to retool the production line and bring it up to date, this branch will be shut down in two weeks.”
A murmur of voices rippled throughout the room.
She held up her hands and the voices silenced. “Maintenance and production crews will be kept on for six weeks to shut down the line and clean up. After that, employment will be terminated without further compensation.” She motioned to Kenny. “And Vice President Kenny Miles, will be promoted to President and overseeing the opening of our new overseas branch.”
Ramir nudged Max, he leaned over and whispered, “Come on, Max, show her the watches.”
Max whispered back. “Be quiet.”
The CEO snapped her cold, blue eyes at them. “Do you have something to add to this conversation?”
Ramir nodded his head. “Yes, we do.” He looked over at Max. “Show her.”
Ronnie suddenly appeared in the open doorway holding a folder against her chest.
One of the board members rose from her chair and pointed a finger. “She’s not allowed in here. This is a closed meeting!”
“As of this morning I’m his official personal assistant and caretaker.” She boldly waded into the room.
Everyone watched as she quietly slipped over and sat in the empty seat along the wall next to Follis.
The standing board member looked stunned and sank into her seat.
Ronnie handed the folder over to Mr. Follis and whispered, “Here's the file you wanted.”
The old man draped an arm over her shoulder. “I think most of you know my granddaughter, Miss Ronnie Lake.”
She nodded and returned a daring smile to everyone.
After the room settled back down, the CEO turned her eyes back toward Ramir and Max. “I believe that you two gentlemen had something to say.”
Ramir quickly pointed his finger at Max. “He does.”
Max felt a bolt of fear shoot up into his throat. His chin quivered and he began to fidget nervously.
The CEO's expression hardened. The sharp angles of her face looked like they were carved from stone instead of created from soft, living flesh. Then she said, “I'm waiting.” She closed her mouth and pressed her lips tightly together. The prominent wrinkles above her top lip eroded into deep crags.
Max's eyes darted from Follis, Ronnie, and Ramir looking for a support.
Van Meter's eyes narrowed. “We don't have all day.” She folded her arms across her chest.
Max popped up out of his chair and the tape securing his eyebrow tore loose, allowing the artificial replacement to protrude from his forehead like a worm sticking out of an apple.
The CEO clutched her heart, fell back into her chair, and gasped, “Oh my God!”
Max pressed the brow back into place. “We, I mean, me.” He cleared his throat. “Uh,—I was wondering.” He shifted nervously back and forth. “I was wondering; what if I presented a new product that would boost sales.”
She regained her composure, stood back up, and shook her head “You seemed to have missed the part about no money to retool the production line.”
Ronnie stood and held up the folder. The eyes that had been volleying back and forth between Max and the CEO now fell upon her. “If you will allow Mister Fagan to tell you about his new product idea; I have some exciting news to share that will off-set the cost factors.”
“You're just grasping at straws.” Kenny's remark sent the entire room and into grumbling.
“I think under the circumstances, we should hear what Mister Fagan has to say. After all, careers are at stake here.” Van Meter nodded at Max. “Proceed.”
Max instantly suffered from brain freeze; not the kind from drinking a cold drink too fast, but the brain freeze that comes from searching for the right words to say, and everything goes blank. He tried to force a relevant thought to surface. Unfortunately, the only thing that popped up at this moment was Charley Axon.

Chapter 23

Max emerged from a silver flash of light in a speeding convertible traveling down the highway. A light shimmered on the horizon. His face brightened. “Come on, you can do this,” he said to himself as he punched the accelerator to the floor.
The convertible roared past Highway to Heaven billboard that had been overwritten with sloppy, black, hand-painted letters that spelled out, Highway to Hell.
Max got a gut feeling that something bad was about to happen.
A black hole opened next to Max’s convertible and sped along beside him. Charley's rusty, old pickup emerged from the dark void. Its engine roared as Charley raced alongside the speeding Mustang. He leaned over, let his arm hang out the open window and with a smug toothy grin he stared at Max. He grabbed the cigar clenched between his teeth and yelled through the loud slipstream of air. “Where do you think you’re going, Genius?”
“Go away, Charley! You’re not stopping me this time!”
The Mustang sputtered, died, and rolled to a stop.
Charley laughed and skidded to a stop in front of the convertible. He stuck the cigar in between his lips. He pointed to the billboard that popped out of the ozone like a toaster pastry. It read: Max Delivers a Mediocre Speech to the Board and Resigns Himself to Failure. “Loser!” Charley punctuated with a deep hoarse laugh.
Max got out of the car and approached the truck. “Get out of my way, Charley. I'm not listening to you anymore.”
Axon pushed the door of the truck open, leapt out, and landed on the soles of his Keds PF Flyers with a thud. “Who are you trying to kid?” He slipped his hand down into his hip pocket and pulled out a box of matches. He struck one and fire sputtered. The smell of sulfur filled the air as he lit the cigar and blew out the match. He looked thoughtfully at Max. “What did your old man use to say to you?” Charley snapped his fingers. “I remember. He used to say, you're nothing but a nothing.”
The phrase dredged up a painful memory for Max and he wished he could somehow exfoliate it from his memory like useless dead skin.
Charley flicked the match to the ground. “What makes you think you can get past me this time?” He dragged the toe of his boot across the gritty pavement. “Come on, I dare ya. Step across the line.”
Max remained motionless as he sweated under the hot sun and stared past Charley at the silver light shimmering in the distance.
“That's what I thought. You haven't changed a bit.” Charley flashed a greasy smile. “Besides being worthless, you're fat.” He pointed to the suit. “And you look like you belong under a circus tent. Face it, Max, you're not worthy to be standing in front of the board members giving them some spiel about how your invention is going to save Camden.” He took a drag off his stogie. “Do you really think you measure up to all those people? They've got college degrees. PhDs and stuff like that. They're the guys that stuffed you in lockers at school and the popular girls that laughed about your weight. You, on the other hand, barely made it through high school. They're not going to take your little invention seriously. I mean, really, think about it. They're all going to laugh at you.”
Max felt the roller coaster ride tingle in his stomach and his bravado faltered.
“Come on, we've been down this road before, just walk away while you still have some dignity. What do ya say?”
A high-performance engine roared in the distance. Max pivoted his head and looked back over his shoulder. A dark speck wavered in the heat as it made a fast approach.
The black race car's tires squalled as it skidded to a stop at Max's heels.
Charley pointed to the person seated behind the wheel wearing a black helmet with a dark visor over their face. “Who's that?”
Max shrugged his shoulders at Charley. “I don't know.”
Charley narrowed his eyes at Max. “You're not playing by the rules.”
The door opened. The driver stepped out and removed the helmet “That's because we're breaking the rules.” Ronnie shook her head and her dark hair tumbled back around her shoulders.
Max gawked at her skin-tight, black leather outfit. “Wow,” he exclaimed, “you look hot.”
“Tell me about it, it's your vision.” She looked up at the hot sun and tugged at the zipper and exposed a sweat soaked T-shirt. “It was either this or garbage bags.”
“No, I mean you look really good.”
Charley yelled, “I don't know who you are, lady, but this is between me and him.”
“So, you’re Charley.” Ronnie looked him up and down. “You don’t look so tough.” Then she sneered. “I’ve got something for you.” She ducked back into her car and popped back up holding a rifle that looked like it had come off the pages of an old Buck Rogers comic book.
Ronnie yelled, “Max!” She tossed the gun to him.
Charley Axon stared at the futuristic rifle and let out a nervous chuckle. “Wha’cha got there, pal?”
Ronnie shouted, “It's a Charleymus Axonmus Interuptamus Maximus.”
“You heard the lady.” Max held the gun up and pointed the end of the barrel at Charley. He used the tip of his finger to flip the switch and the rifle emitted a high-pitched whine like a jet getting ready for take off. He gave Charley the Dirty Harry squint. “Come on, punk….”
“Wait a minute.” Charley slowly backed away from the gun. “That thing looks dangerous.” He pointed a finger at himself. “You’re not planning to use that thing on me, are ya? Because if you do, that would be murder.” He backed into one of the large wooden posts supporting the billboard and held up his hands. “Don't shoot. Let’s talk about this before you do anything rash.”
Max nudged the air with the rifle. “Move away from the sign, Axon. I don’t want your innards making a mess all over the billboard.”
Charley got a terrified look on his face and scuttled away like a crab in the sand. “Let’s work something out here. I’m a reasonable kind of guy.”
Max trailed Axon with the end of the barrel. He said, “Stop. That’s far enough.” He took a deep breath and curled his finger around the trigger. He looked Charley in the eyes and said, “I've put up with you long enough.”
Axon dropped down to his knees and clasped his hands together. “Come on, pal, put that thing away before you hurt somebody. What do ya say?”
“Sorry.” Max pulled the sights from Charley as he swiveled from the hip. He squeezed the trigger and it released a sonic boom that obliterated the billboard into a million pieces of confetti. The roar sent Charley Axon sprawling to the ground and tiny remains of the billboard drifted down like a February snow. Max said, “Don't ever try to get in my way again, Charley, understand?”
Axon struggled to his feet and spit out a mouthful of dust. He said, “Sure, 
pal, I got ya.”
Max narrowed his eyes and leveled them onto Charley’s. “I don't ever want to see you again.”
“Just put away your boom cannon,” replied Charley. “You won't have to worry about me anymore. I've learned my lesson.”
Max pointed the gun at the pickup and squeezed the trigger. The boom reduced it to a pile of dust.
Ronnie said, “Come on, jump in. The CEO is waiting for your presentation.”
In the distance a bubbling sound commenced and grew louder. Max got a terrified look on his face.
Ronnie jumped out of the car and raced over to him. She cradled his cheeks in her hands and swiveled his head. “Look at me.”
His eyes met hers.
“You can’t let fear stand in your way.” She shook her head. “Not any more.”
The fear had seeped into Max’s bones and it showed in his eyes.
Ronnie huffed. “You don’t leave me with any other choice. “She quickly leaned in and pressed her lips to his.
Max’s eyelids flickered.
She pulled away. “Go, Max. There’s nothing to be afraid of.”
With the blaster still in hand, Max sprinted to Ronnie’s car, jumped in, and started the engine. A split second later, he was racing up the highway. Ahead, on the shoulder of the road where a school of attic piranha were gnawing on the carcass of a dead cow. It was one of the cows from the chicken sign. As he zipped past the little bone-strippers, they abandoned their feast for the lure of fresh meat. Max looked in the rearview. They were in hot pursuit and gaining fast. He shoved it down into overdrive and the speedometer quickly hit top end. He gained ground, but for only a moment; the piranhas began to close the gap. A second later, the rear passenger tire blew and one of the fish carried off a chunk of rubber the size of a man’s fist. What was left of the tire came apart and began slapping the inside of the fender well. The speedometer needle took a dip, the car slowed, sparks showered from beneath the rear bumper.
Another check in the rearview sent a wave of panic shooting through Max. The little buggers were on his tail, but instead of converging on Max and robbing the meat from his bones they jetted harmlessly ahead. Max was both confused and relieved.
About a mile up the road the school of piranha stopped, faced the car and hovered a few feet above the pavement. A half dozen broke from the swarm, spread out, and zipped toward Max with their mouths open and teeth clashing. Max was close enough now that he could see into their beady red eyes. He braced himself and waited for the impact.
Two smashed into the windshield and burst into puffs of black smoke that was carried away by the wind. The remainder swooped beneath the car and almost instantly the other rear tire blew. The car shuddered. He heard a noise in the engine. A rod threw and busted the block before it ripped through the metal hood. Flames shot upward from the jagged hole and black smoke poured from the rear exhaust. Still clipping along at a brisk speed, Max grabbed the blaster and jumped. The car careened off the road and went bucking across the mounds of thick sand and exploded with a loud BOOM! An orange fireball boiled up from the blast and rose into the air. Max briefly felt the scorching heat prickle his skin. Unflinching, his eyes were on the road. He prepared for what lay ahead.

Chapter 24

In the distance, the school of piranha swirled above the pavement and were quickly clumping together and taking on a giant shape that struck terror in his heart.
Behind a shimmering veil of heat, a colossal spider loomed over the pavement. Its mouth opened and formed a large O shape edged with sharp teeth. It bellowed a deep guttural roar that sounded as if it could have came from the throat of T-Rex.
Max shivered and shrank back, but quickly rallied from his fear. “I am not afraid…I am not afraid…I am not afraid,” he chanted as he marched forward. Max flipped the switch on the blaster and it charged with a high pitch whine.
The B movie nightmare scuttled toward him, gaining speed with each stride of a leg. In a matter of seconds the gap between them would be closed. As he raised the blaster, Max caught sight of something from the corner of his eye. It was moving fast. He quickly twisted around and gaped. “You’ve got to be kidding me!” Max’s fear of spiders was seconded by only one thing: another monster spawned by an atomic blast. The creature feature that he’d watched as a kid late one night from his Aunt Mamie’s couch had bubbled up from his subconscious. He tried to push the thought out of his head, but it only made the thing bigger.
A giant scorpion clutched Max in its claw and yanked him off the ground. Caught off guard by the sudden inertia, he lost his grip on the blaster and it clattered to the hard pavement and broke. Max struggled against the creature’s grip, but that only caused the scorpion to clamp down tighter. He struggled to breathe. The predator raised its claw until Max had a bird’s eye view of the desert surroundings. It made a terrible hiss as it curled its tail ready to strike and inject Max with a lethal dose of poison. Terrified, he began struggling again.
The spider, about to lose its meal, let out a screech that echoed out into the desert. It charged and met its opponent. Instead of clashing, the spider stopped and both creatures began a slow toe to toe dance.
Now that his captor was preoccupied, Max worked fervently to free himself.
The slow dance stopped. The scorpion struck. With lightning reflexes, the spider quick-stepped off to one side and the sharp lethal tip of the scorpion’s tail struck pavement and punched a hole in the road. It retracted and struck again, and missed again. The spider lunged and instantly they were locked in mortal combat.
For Max, it was like riding an out-of-control amusement park ride. The world around him became a whirling blur of colors of ground and sky. He grew dizzy and felt that at any second he’d pass out.
The wacky ride suddenly came to an end, but the inside of his head was still spinning and it took a few seconds to stop. When it did, he realized that he was still in the scorpion’s grip and the creature was on top of the spider with its tail cocked to strike.
The spider began to crackle and pop like raw electricity shooting from the end of a severed power line. The scorpion made its strike, but instead of the spider flailing around in its final throes of death, the creature shattered into thousands of piranhas that took flight, swirled in the sky, and swooped beneath the scorpion’s underbelly. They quickly gnawed a ragged hole through the scorpion’s armor and the rest of bone-strippers followed it inside. The pathetic creature quivered, released its grip on Max, and he tumbled to the ground unscathed. The scorpion splintered into another legion of piranhas and became one with its counterpart forming into one gargantuan arachnid. Max ran.
Not too far into his getaway, one of his overtaxed leg muscles caught a cramp. Still determined to escape impending doom, he continued limping along, huffing and puffing until he was spent of all energy and his brain shot a signal to his feet. Max came to an unwilling stop. Flushed and still panting hard, he looked back over his shoulder. To his surprise and much to his relief, the spider was nowhere in sight. Maybe he’d vanquished his fears! Max heard a noise.
It came from above. He squinted against the bright light as a dark blot appeared at the center of the orb, and as the racket of fluttering wings grew louder, the dark blot in the middle of the sun grew bigger. The dark blob exploded into countless attic piranhas churning down and around Max’s head but their subsequent behavior puzzled him. The fish settled on the highway. His puzzlement was quickly solved as they converged into one unit and took the shape of the colossal spider again. He spun around and fled.
Mr. Wong stood behind his hotdog stand. The paper lanterns, suspended between the poles, swayed in the desert breeze. Max tried to go around.
Mr. Wong wheeled the cart in Max’s path with a tug. “Old Chinese proverb says man that runs from fears never finds courage.”
“Get out of my way, old man.”
“Imagination and feelings are the substance of reality,” said Wong.
Max glanced over his shoulder. A streak of fear shot through him. The giant spider scuttled toward him. “That is not my imagination!” He made another attempt to step around the cart, but Mr. Wong blocked his path.
“Change your mind,” said Wong. “The appearance will automatically change itself.”
“I’m going to run!”
“Running from fears no good.” Wong shook his head. “Sooner than later they’ll catch up to you.” The flame of wisdom burned behind the old hotdog vendor’s eyes.
Max’s nostrils flared and his cheeks burned red with anger as he placed both hands on the stand to shove it out of the way. He felt something grip his ankle. Max looked down at the silky white cable wrapped around it. He looked back over his shoulder. The spider had cut the chase by shooting a sticky strand of rope sized web. Max wheeled his head around. Terror had him in its grip. “Help me!”
Mr. Wong bowed. “Only you can help you.”
A hard tug sent Max sprawling to the ground on his belly. The hot pavement chafed his skin as he was dragged along. Max frantically clawed at the surface searching for a grip that would anchor him. Suddenly, he was lifted off the road and he dangled in the air, twirling like an upside-down ballerina performing a weightless pirouette.
During one rotation the spider’s O mouth opened. It let out a roar. The pink flaps of flesh inside the creature’s gullet fluttered. Its sharp teeth quivered. Only feet away from becoming a juicy meal, Max was frozen with terror. The slow spin faced him toward the desert. Mr. Wong’s words came back to him. Max closed his eyes. Suddenly, something began to happen. It started as a tickle in his belly, the feeling electrified, and shot upward through the core of his body. It lodged in the top of his head.
A loud clap of thunder shook the heavens!

Chapter 25

Max felt Fire burned behind his eyes. Strength gathered in his muscles. Max broke the strong silky strands with his bare hands and plummeted.
Another loud clap of thunder shook the heavens. The CEO clapped her hands together like an elementary school teacher catching one of her students in the middle of a daydream during a lesson. “Mister Fagan.”
Max's eyelids fluttered.
She said, “Mister Fagan, if you don't have anything to say, then please sit down.”
Everyone in the room laughed.
“Uhm. Uhmm.” His head slowly listed to one side.
“Well, this is awkward.” She turned her attention to the board members. “Since Mister Fagan offered no tangible suggestion, then I motion that we proceed with Vice President Miles' prospectus.”
Kenny grinned and shifted in his seat to stand, but the creature skittering across the floor caused him to gasp and stare in sheer horror. He sprang up and stood in his chair pointing at the bug. “Kill it!”
“Relax, Kenny.” Max calmly bent down and intercepted it with his hand. He scooped it up in his palm and carried it to the window, opened it, and released it onto the ledge.
Kenny regained his composure and slipped down into his chair. He smugly sat back and folded his arms. “I think you’ve discovered your true calling. You’ll make a great exterminator.”
Max ignored the barb.
“Despite his need for a good fashion consultant, I would like to hear what he has to say.” The CEO placed her hands on the table. “Proceed, Mister Fagan.”
Kenny smirked. “Go ahead. Maybe you'll zap the company into another dimension.” He laughed.
Max ignored Kenny's gouge and addressed the CEO. “Thank you.”
All eyes turned on Max.
“I know that I am part of the reason that Elegant Watch is under threat of being moved out of Camden.” He turned to the CEO. “I entered the lyric into the slogan contest as a joke. I didn't expect it to be chosen. It never occurred to me that anyone would not recognize the song.” He shifted his eyes to Follis. “But hopefully I can redeem myself.”
Follis nodded his head at Max.
Max pulled one of the watches from his pocket and set it on the table.
Kenny scoffed. “That's great, another watch we can't sell.”
“It's a satellite watch.”
The object attracted a few interested glances that quickly degraded back into a state of apathy.
Max addressed the lack of interest by tacking on a new piece of information that he hoped would draw them back in. “This isn't another wind-up watch that only tells the time. The satellite watch has a built-in camera lens for two-way communication.”
Everyone perked up and one of the executives that had been looking off like she was lost in a daydream suddenly scooped the watch from the table and closely examined it.
“The other person is a six-inch hologram that is projected from the watch’s crystal.” The watch passed from hand to hand generating a buzz in the room. The renewed interest charged him with enthusiasm. “And that's not all you get. It has a built-in GPS. It can find your location or transmit a signal if you're lost.” The murmuring grew louder. “Wait! That’s not all!” Max plugged a wireless earbud into his ear. “It can translate over forty languages. It's waterproof and affordable. You get the watch for the low price of forty-nine dollars and ninety-five cents. And it comes with a special introductory offer of four bands of different interchangeable colors that compliments any wardrobe.”
Kenny turned to the CEO. “It sounds like an infomercial.” He cupped his hands around his mouth. “Hey Max, does it slice and dice all your vegetables?”
“Shut up, Mister Miles!” Van Meter picked up the watch and examined it closely. She looked up at Max and nodded her head. “I like it.” She placed it back down on the table. “But does it work?”
Max abruptly turned and faced the door.
With a look of astonishment on his face, Follis watched Max exit the room. “Where in the hell is he going?”
Kenny turned to him and smiled. “You should have known that your boy was going to flake out.”
The CEO looked taken aback, but quickly regained her composure. “Well, I guess if there's not any further discussion, we can adjourn this meeting.”
Kenny clapped his hands together, stood up, and faced the room. “Gentlemen, it's been a pleasure working with you.”
A voice came from the watch on the table. “Hello, can you hear me?”
The CEO picked it up, held it in the palm of her hand, and gazed down at the screen. “Oui, Monsieur Fagan, je vous entends” 
A six-inch Max popped up. “You said, “Yes, Mister Fagan, I hear you.”
She clapped with delight.
Kenny grumbled out a curse and slapped his hands down on the table. He sank back down in his chair.
“I'm in the elevator on my way down to the first floor.”
“I'd be even more impressed if you were at least a few miles away,” she said. “So, Mister Fagan, what's the range on your watch?”
“With a satellite link...anywhere in the world.”
She set the watch back down on the table. “This could change things.”
Kenny jumped up and pointed at the folder Follis held in his hand. “You had better have a big check in there to fund that pipe dream.”
Follis stood holding the folder over his head. “I have something better.” He walked the narrow aisle between the table and row of chairs along the wall, excusing himself along the way. He presented the folder to the CEO. “I have here a purchase offer for this building in the amount of six point seven million dollars.” He turned to Grantham's incredulous expression and nodded. “It's something Mister Grantham and I've had in the works for quite some time.”
On the outside, Grantham appeared cool and collected sitting in his chair, but his eyes betrayed the 220-volt excitement electrifying them. He slapped his hands down on the table and shouted, “Hallelujah, the deal went through!”
“Why didn't I know about this?” Kenny piped in.
“Because we didn't want to take the chance of you sabotaging our plans,” Grantham replied. “And I'll tell something else; we allowed you to head the new slogan committee to get you out of the way until the sale of the building was a concrete deal and your actions have proved we were right to protect ourselves.”
Kenny angrily pointed a finger and cried out, “You used me!”
The CEO opened the file and examined it.
“As you can see,” Follis pointed out, “it's enough money to lease one of the older buildings on the other side of town and buy new manufacturing equipment and pay the salaries of every employee over the next year. Not only would this venture save the existing Elegant Watch employees, it would help jump start commerce in the old part of town.”
The CEO closed the folder, and handed it back to Follis.
Kenny jumped up. “You can't seriously be considering this ridiculous proposal.”

Chapter 26

“Sit down, Mister Miles,” the CEO commanded.
“The only aspect we had been lacking up to this point was a new line of watches that could compete in today's world market,” Grantham said. “But thanks to Max, we now have a contender.”
“I have to say,” the CEO shook her head, “this is the most unorthodox presentation that I have ever been through.” Doubt was gone from her face. “But it just might work.”
Kenny groaned and buried his face in his hands.
“Before I make a final decision, is there anything else any of you would like to add?”
Kenny peeked over the tips of his fingers as Max re-entered the room beaming a big smile and sat down. Kenny's glare was caustic enough to strip paint off walls. He sat up and pointed a finger at Max. “What about the lawsuit over that little worm's plagiarism?”
“Forget about it, Kenny,” Follis shot back. “Your little surprise didn't work. I've been on the phone with the Rolling Stone's legal advisor this morning and worked out a deal with them. They've agreed to let us adopt that line for our new jingle.”
Kenny looked around the room. “You're not seriously going to go along with this hare-brained scheme, are you?” He protested. He suddenly found himself standing in silence. It was one of those chirping cricket moments and he sank back down into his chair.
The CEO held her hand up. “If the majority of the board agrees, I'll give the project one year on probation.” She ran her gaze over everyone in the conference room. “Is everyone in favor?”
Every hand rose except for one. Kenny slapped his hands on top of the table. “Stop it! Get a hold of yourselves. This proposal is as crazy as he is.” He shook his head. “This is not going to happen.”
She looked him directly in the eyes. “Don't challenge my authority or you'll be seeking employment elsewhere.”
Kenny gritted his teeth and then he curled his fingers into fists.
Van Meter turned to Max. “You get busy promoting a global campaign. I plan to follow this project every step of the way. You have one year to make significant changes in this branch. If you don't, I'll shut this project down and proceed with Mister Miles' plan. Do you understand?”
Max nodded.
“This meeting is adjourned.” The CEO left the room.
Kenny dogged her heels continuing his protest.
Everyone got up from the table, cheered and clapped their hands. They crowded around Max offering thanks and grateful handshakes.
Grantham smiled big. “Company picnic in the courtyard tomorrow!”
Follis pushed his way through the crowd to Max and stood in front of him expressionless. He thrust out his hand and a broad smile broke his stoic appearance. “I never thought I would say this, Fagan. Good work.”
Ronnie brushed by Max and smiled at him.
He looked into her eyes as she passed and returned the smile.
Follis yanked his hand back. “Don't even think about it, Fagan.”
The can sitting next to the coffee maker caught Max's attention and sparked a reminder that he had some unfinished business. He looked at Follis and said, “I'll talk with you later. I've got something that I need to take care of.” He left the room and found Byron Thomas rolling down the hallway in his wheelchair with the coffee can in his lap.
“Hey, Byron.”
Byron rolled to a stop. “Oh hey, Max.”
He nodded to the can. “I see that you're still collecting for Murphy's flower fund.”
Byron grinned and looked down at the few bills inhabiting the bottom. “Yeah, I still don't have enough for a tropical arrangement.”
Max pulled out his wallet, counted out half the money, and tossed it into the can. “Take whatever is left over from the flower fund and give it to Murphy to put toward his honeymoon on Kauai.” He folded the remainder of the bills, tucked it into his pocket along with his wallet away, and made a mental note that the rest of the money would go toward paying back what he owed Frank at the apartment complex.
Max hurried down the hall to the elevator and entered the empty car.
Kenny stepped inside just before the doors closed.
Max huffed. “What so you want, Kenny?”
“To congratulate you.” He stuck out his hand.
Max was shocked. His eyelids flickered. He stared. “What?”
“I was wrong about you.”
Almost robotically, Max reached out.
Kenny firmly gripped Max’s hand “You’re a genius.” He gave Max’s hand a solid shake.
The unexpected congratulatory words of praise subliminally brought down Max’s defenses like the walls of Jericho. “Well…thanks.”
Kenny smiled and nodded. “Your invention supersedes anything that’s presently on the market. It’s a game changer.”
Max nodded. “Yeah, I suppose it is.”
“Have you ever thought about branching out?” Kenny gave Max’s hand a single shake.
“Branching out?”
“I know of an overseas company that would love to partner with you.”
“Partner?” He blinked.
“Yes, Max, you could become a multimillionaire over night!”
Max’s eyes sparkled. “A multimillionaire?”
Kenny nodded and gave Max’s hand another shake.
Max was quickly becoming lost in thoughts of grandeur, and Charley was nowhere around.
“The world will be at your disposal.” Kenny added, “You deserve this.”
Light swirled in Max’s eyes. “I do deserve it don’t I?”
“That and more,” Kenny told him.
The thoughts of beautiful women, expensive cars, and a mansion crowding Max’s mind was suddenly invaded by a feeling of remorse. The whirling light in Max’s eyes suddenly winked out. “What about Camden?” He pulled his hand free of Kenny’s.
“What about it?”
“If I take my invention overseas this town is going under.” His imagination whipped up a scene of the Elegant Watch building in a state of extreme disrepair. The town’s people hopelessly trudging along sidewalks littered with trash. Max shook his head. “I can’t do it.”
Kenny countered with a grin and laid a reassuring hand on Max’s shoulder. “You would be doing them a great service.”
Max frowned. “How do you figure that?”
“You might buy them a little time, but Elegant Watch will still go under. They don’t have the resources to compete with the newer companies. If you stay here it will only make the fall that much harder for everyone.”
Max thought about for a second. “Maybe you’re right.”
Kenny patted Max’s shoulder. “Of course I’m right.” He gripped Max’s shoulder tightly and said, “Do what’s good for you and it’ll be good for everyone else.” The elevator bell dinged and the brushed steel doors whisked open.
Kenny reached into his jacket and produced a slip of paper. He held it out.
Max eyed it with both caution and curiosity. “What’s that?”
“An airline ticket. It was mine, but I’ll have it transferred over to you.”
Max continued to eye it.
“Go on,” Kenny encouraged. “Take it.” A second slipped by. “Do what’s good for you.”
Slowly, Max reached out and plucked it from his fingers.
Kenny grinned big. “Good boy. Your flight leaves out tomorrow at twelve noon sharp. Don’t miss it.” He turned to leave.
“Wait!” Max called out.
Kenny spun back around.

Chapter 27

“What do I do after I arrive at my destination?”
“Don’t worry,” Kenny told him with a smile. “I’ll have a driver there to pick you up at the gate, and I’ll have made accommodations at the finest hotel.” He took a pause. “Penthouse.” He took another pause. “Get anything you want. All you have to do is sign for it.”
Max grinned as he nodded.
Kenny whirled back around and like a ghost in the mist he disappeared.
Max peeked around the doors. The lobby was empty. He shifted his gaze to the plate glass windows. Employees of Elegant Watch, still buzzing with excitement, loitered around the courtyard. Max made a beeline to the lobby restrooms and hid in a stall and waited until he thought everyone had gone home.
A golden sunset had settled on the horizon when Max rushed out of the building and onto the courtyard’s sidewalk that led to the main gate. The hard soles of his shoes clattered noisily as he made his escape.
“HEY!” the voice came from behind. It belonged to a female. “Wait a minute.”
Max flinched and came to a stop. The pad of soft soled shoes waded up to him. He felt a hand on his shoulder and turned his head to the side. Weedie Mitchell was approaching him.
She smiled. “I have something for you.” She removed the baseball cap from her head, the one she had used to snag the ball from the centerfielder before he could make the catch during the World Series, and crowned Max with it.
He reached up and pulled it from his head and stared at it for a moment before holding it out to her. “I can’t accept this.”
“Sure you can!” She snagged it from his fingers and topped his head with it. “You deserve it!” She kissed him on the cheek. “You’re the best.” She turned and walked away, but about ten steps into her journey she stopped and turned around. “You and I should go and hang out.”
Max hesitated a moment then nodded. “Sure.”
She beamed a big smile, twirled around, and skipped away.
Max waited until he was sure she was gone before he ventured out of the courtyard.
A soulful hour later he found himself on the grounds of the Coral Reef apartment building and noisily clambering up the stairs. He then made a mad dash along the landing to his door and ducked inside before he made another unwanted encounter. Once indoors, Max caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror on the wall. The sight set up a tug of war inside his head. He dug for the ticket, found it and while holding it in one hand he used the other to remove the cap from his head. He weighed the difference. He spent the evening wrestling with his thoughts. It went on through most of the night until he fell into a fitful sleep.
The morning came with a rapid banging on Max’s apartment door. He was already up and dressed. Not to make any noise, he tiptoed across the floor and pressed his eye to the wide angle peephole. Ramir’s face filled the entire frame. Max jerked away and stepped to the side.
Another clip of banging rattled the door. “I know you’re in there, Max. I could see you looking at me.” Ramir rattled the knob. “Open up.”
Max inhaled deeply and unlocked the door and opened it.
Ramir stepped inside wearing a big smile. “I came to take you to the picnic. I even drove my wife’s car.” He wiggled his eyebrows, but the sight on the couch stopped the wiggling and his grin disintegrated. “What’s going on, Max?” He nodded at the open suitcase. The thread-worn and torn material gave it the appearance that it had been rescued from a dumpster.
“I’m taking a little vacation.”
Ramir grew suspicious. “When?” He craned his neck to try and peer over the open top blocking him from seeing what was inside.
“Soon.”
“Okay, I guess you deserve a little vacation.” Ramir nodded. “Let’s get going. You can’t be late. You’re the guest of honor.”
Max nervously cleared his throat. “I think I’ll walk.”
Ramir’s suspicion came back. “Why?”
“It’s a nice day, and I could use the exercise.”
“You don’t like to exercise!” Ramir skirted around Max and a few steps later he was staring down into the suitcase. He looked up, the expression on his face festering with disappointment. “I thought you had changed.”
Max chuckled. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Ramir reached into the suitcase, grabbed one of the watches and the ticket. “I’m talking about these.”
Max bowed his head.
Ramir tossed the items into the bed of folded shirts and slacks. “I guess I was wrong. We were all wrong.” He shook his head. “Whoever said that you can’t make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear was right.”
Max raised his head. “I’ve got to do what’s good for me.”
“Isn’t that what you’ve always done?” Ramir fired back.
“It’ll be good for everybody. You’ll see.”
As Ramir brushed past Max, he said, “I’ll go break the news to everyone.” He slammed the door closed behind him.
Ramir spent the next thirty minutes trying to figure out a way to gently break the bad news to everyone, but that didn’t happen. He arrived in the parking lot of the watch company feeling worn out, hopeless, and filled with a vision of Max living the high life at everyone’s expense. He gritted his teeth and stepped from his car.
Across the way, the courtyard was filled with the chatter and laughter. Festive music played in the background.
When Ramir entered the courtyard alone all stopped to stare.
“Where’s Max?” The question came from the somewhere in the crowd.
“He’s not coming,” Ramir replied dryly.
Weedie looked shocked. “What do you mean he’s not coming?”
“I mean that he’s not coming. He’s taking his watch someplace else, a company that’s offering more money for his invention.”
Mr. Follis shook his head. “I should have known.”
Ramir’s head was tilted up and his gaze locked on an air born plane.
“I can’t believe it,” said Grantham.
Kenny emerged from the frontline of people in the crowded courtyard. He was smiling. “Max came to his senses, that’s all.”
Follis scowled at the man. “I guess you have something to do with this.”
Grantham stepped forward gritting his teeth. His face blazed red. He pointed a finger at Kenny. “You’re fired!”
Kenny chuckled.
Follis raised his hands in the air and let them fall helplessly to his sides. “That’s it. All we can do now is file for bankruptcy!”
“Wait.” A figure pushed through the crowd.

Chapter 28

Max broke through the outer membrane wearing the cap that Weedie gave him.
“Max!” She cried and rushed to his side. “I knew that you wouldn’t sell us out!” She kissed his cheek this time leaving the lipstick imprint.
He blushed.
Grantham summoned security. “I want Kenny Miles escorted out of here immediately!” He looked to the last place that he saw Kenny standing, but the man was gone. Security searched the ground before returning to Grantham.
The Dwayne Johnson look alike shrugged his shoulders. “It’s like he vanished into thin air.”
“Keep looking,” said Grantham. “He’s still around. I can feel it in my bones.” Both men of the security team gave a nod and returned to their search.
Ronnie was now at his side. “They’ll find him.”
Grantham’s eyes were searching the crowd again. “Where’s Max?”
She looked around for a moment and shrugged.
Max had stolen away to the elevator and slipped in as the doors closed. Kenny was already inside.
The air immediately became charged with anger. Kenny was like a walking Tesla Coil of negatively charged emotions.
Max could feel it crawling across his skin like static electricity and he took a step back.
“I have to admit, little man, you have balls.” Kenny jabbed his finger into Max's chest. “But don't think this is over, because it's not. I'm still the vice president of this branch.” He pulled his finger back. “I put Follis in his place time and time again over the years and I'll do the same to you.” He paused like he was giving it some more thought. “Maybe worse.” He jabbed his finger on the button that would take them to the fortieth floor.
“As far as everyone here at this branch is concerned, it's over.” Max punched the emergency stop.
Kenny shook his head “It's far from being over.” He punched the up button.
“Face it, Kenny, you're done.” Max punched the emergency stop.
“You’re an idiot that doesn’t know when to give up.”
“Maybe it's you that needs to give up and think about moving along.” Max flashed a smile and added, “I'd be happy to write you a letter of recommendation. I'm sure that there is someone out there that would want to employ your below average skills.”
Kenny gritted his teeth and his face turned red. “You insignificant little bug. I'm going to crush you.” Kenny slammed his fist against the wall.
Max smiled. “Did you know that fear and anger are the same thing. You’re afraid, aren’t you?”
Kenny chuckled. “Afraid of what? You? HA! You’re nothing.” He punched the up button.
Max shook his head. “You’ve never been in this position before and they scare you.”
Kenny wrinkled his brow. “They” What the hell are you talking about?”
“The attic piranhas.”
“What the hell are attic piranhas?”
Max punched the emergency stop. “All of your fears and doubts of the unknown,” Max replied. “They swim around in the dark regions of your mind.”
“I get it. You’re trying to get inside my head and psych me out. It won’t work.” Kenny punched the up button.
The air between them rippled.
Kenny pointed to the unearthly disturbance. “What going on here?”
“Attic piranhas.” Max nodded knowingly.
Something shot by them and rippled the air again.
Kenny grinned. “Oh, I get it. You've been studying hypnosis or something like that.” He knowingly pointed a finger at Max. “That's how you were able to pull off this little scheme of yours. Well, it won't work on me.” He tapped a finger against his head. “I'm too smart for your cheap parlor tricks.”
“No tricks,” Max shot back. He punched the emergency stop.
“Your pseudo-psychology is not going to change my mind.” Kenny cocked his head back and when it planed back down, he was wearing an evil grin. “You may as well get ready for a battle, and prepare yourself to lose.”
One principle of judo is to use the attacker's aggressive force against them. Max figured that if it works during a physical attack, then why not during a psychological attack. He decided to stir the pot. He hit the stop button. “You must come from a long lineage of assholes; Miles and Miles of them.”
“Oh, that's funny.” Kenny sneered. “For your information, the men in the Miles family have always been a force to be reckoned with in the corporate world.” He punched the up button.
Max thought about his conversation with Weedie Mitchell from supplies. “Sure they have,” he sarcastically replied. “Like your grandfather, the bootlegger, during the prohibition?”
Kenny looked shocked.
The shift in Kenny's demeanor brought a smile to Max's face. “From what I've heard, he was a boozer and a poker player, and better at boozing than cards. And didn't your grand-daddy have a huge losing streak to a big-time gangster?” Max asked. “He could have either settled the debt with a bullet to the head or fitted for a pair of concrete shoes.” Max saw the anger boiling in Kenny's eyes and decided to throw more gasoline on the fire. “I think he should have taken the bullet instead of becoming fish chum.” He punched the emergency stop.
Rage flared in Kenny's eyes and spread across his face like a wildfire. “I don't know how you know all these things, but you'll be sorry you ever said that.”
Kenny pointed a finger and was about to jab the up button, but another unidentifiable object shot by and rippled the air. Kenny withdrew his finger to stare quizzically. Blood dripped from the missing fingertip. “I don't know what's going on here, but I'm warning you, Max—” Two more objects zipped by, leaving a long, rippled trail in the air. Kenny’s eyes were glued to the incomprehensible phenomenon. The booth shook and a crack of lightning split the air between them, followed by the low roar of thunder like a brewing storm. A look of terror spread across Kenny’s face.

Chapter 29

Max felt satisfied that he had brought down the wrath of Karma on top of Kenny's head. Before the rumble subsided, he said, “I know another one of your secrets.” He snatched the toupee from Kenny’s head.
Fury swirled in Kenny's blue eyes, and spoiled what was left of his composure. “Now you've done it.” He grabbed for the hairpiece.
Max yanked it away, whipped out his phone, and snapped a picture. He rolled it around for Kenny to see. “Now, I'm going to make sure that every employee at Elegant Watch gets a copy.” Max shoved the phone down into his pocket.
Blinding rage consumed what was left of Kenny's good looks. A critter shot past and ripped a chunk of material from his sleeve. He jerked back. “Owwwww.” A look of surprise blossomed on his face as he peered down at the small, ragged-edged hole. “What the hell did that?” He asked as he poked a finger into it. He pulled it out and a drop of blood dripped from his fingertip. Panic jerked his head upward with his eyes spinning wildly around in their sockets in search for the unseen assailant. His eyes came to settle on Max’s face. “I don’t know how you did that, but I'm warning you. I have a black belt.” He held his hands up in karate chop formation.
“I'm sure the piranhas like sushi,” Max said.
A burbling sound like that of bubbles being blown in liquid through a straw snagged Kenny's attention. He readied his hand to deliver a blow. “You asked for it.” He raised his hand to deliver the blow and a piranha darted by and ripped another chunk of Armani from Kenny's suit. Another one zipped by and took another hunk of cloth. A terrified look swelled in Kenny’s eyes and rounded them out impossibly large suggesting that he succumbed to the fact that this was reality, but before Kenny could react and jab the emergency call button, a piranha jetted by and snipped off his index finger. He screamed out painfully, “Oh my God,” and held up his hand. With eyes filled with terror, he gaped at the bloodied nub. He turned the same terror-filled eyes on Max and the look quickly turned to pleading. The air around Kenny's expensive suit began to ripple like water.
Max jumped back as far as the brushed, stainless steel wall would allow and pressed tightly against it.
Suddenly, a school of piranhas surfaced out of the ether, boiling around Kenny like an angry swarm of bees, ripping at his clothes and flesh. To discourage an attack he flailed his arms, but there proved to be too many and he let out a howl of pain as they cocooned him. Kenny's screech echoed off the tiny compartment's walls and faded out. A second later Kenny’s fleshless skull poked from the swarm. Empty eye sockets seemed to plead for help. The skull’s jaw hung open in the surprised terror of his last scream.
The macabre sight terrified Max and he jumped back slamming against the steel wall with a thud. The skull was suddenly sucked back inside. Max tossed the hairpiece into the feeding frenzy. The gruesome scene reminded him of a program on the National Geographic channel that he once saw about the piranhas of the Amazon River. The sight became too much and he covered his eyes.
When Max opened his eyes, he was alone in the elevator. Something on the floor caught his eye and he bent over to retrieve it. A second later, he rose up holding a remnant of Kenny's suit between his fingers and wondered how the tasty morsel had escaped becoming fish food. Even though Kenny was the sole architect of his own demise, Max thought as long as this shred of evidence existed, there might be the possibility that it could link him to Kenny’s strange disappearance. As he was about to stick it in his mouth, a piranha zipped by, plucked the material from his hand, and darted away.
Shaken, but certain that the piranhas had solved the Kenny Miles problem; he punched the first floor button with a trembling finger. The elevator arrived and, still unable to wrap his mind around the odd occurrence, Max stepped off feeling like he had awakened from a surrealistic nightmare that left him discombobulated and walking on shaky legs.
Ramir stared him in the face. “What’s wrong with you?”
“They're real!”
Confusion crinkled Ramir’s forehead into furrowed rows of flesh. “What are you talking about?”
“The attic piranhas. They just devoured Kenny down to the last thread of his fancy suit.” Anticipating Ramir would counter his statement with a piece of hardboiled logic, he held up a finger to ward off Ramir's words. “And don't try to tell me that they are just a bunch of bologna; I know what I saw. I'm not crazy you know.”
“Look, Max, I don't think you're crazy. Not after everything that I've seen recently. But maybe we should keep this to ourselves.”
Max nodded and together they walked out into the production arena.
The news of the morning meeting had traveled from the top floor down to the bottom floor like a bolt of lightning and everyone was already buzzing with excitement when the pair arrived at the assembly lines.
Raymond Finch slapped a hand across Max’s back, and with a big smile, he said, “We heard what happened in this morning's meeting and what Kenny Miles was trying to do.” He made a sweeping motion with his hand at the ever-expanding crowd. “We all want to thank you.”
Max suddenly found himself surrounded by a congregation of admirers waiting to shake his hand. Overwhelmed by the positive outcome from this morning and his sudden popularity, he kept a smile plastered on his face and simply nodded.
Across the way, Ronnie emerged from the stairwell. Max gave Ramir a quick pat on the shoulder. “I'll talk with you later.” He chased after her and yelled out, “Stop.”
The rapid click of her heels, telegraphing her quick exit, suddenly ceased as she came to a halt. Without a word, she turned around and faced him.
He stopped yards from where she stood, the words he'd rehearsed inside his head remained lodged there. Unable to speak, the invading silence began to stretch out long. Trepidation began to take hold of Max, but before it could take him to the point of no return he said, “I want to thank you again for pulling me off the ledge.”
She nodded. “Someone had to save you from yourself.”
He nodded then briefly hesitated. “I need to talk to you about us.”
She looked perplexed. “Us?”
Max felt vulnerable, but managed to find the words that were lost inside his head a moment ago and stammer them out. “Look, I know that I’ve been immature and self-centered. I’ve got some changing to do, and I know that it won’t happen overnight. It’ll take time and a lot of work.” He turned his hands out toward her as if to plead his case. “But, I’m trying.” He felt a surge of confidence and before it became a fleeting affair he said, “Here’s the thing, when we kissed―”
“Excuse me?” Ronnie looked flabbergasted. “I’ve never kissed you!”
“But you thought about it.”
“Well…maybe I thought about it.” She snapped her eyelids. “But that’s all!”
“I thought about it too, but…it didn’t feel right when I did.”
“What’s wrong with kissing me?” Her pride took over. She quickly leaned in and pressed her lips to his. She opened her eyes and looked stunned as she pulled away.

Chapter 30

“See,” said Max. “It doesn’t feel right, does it?”
With the stunned look still on her face and full lips slightly parted she shook her head.
“Ever since I met Weedie Mitchell, I wanted to ask her out, but I didn’t know how to say it.”
The confusion on her face slowly faded and was replaced by a faint smile. “You know, that’s about the most sincere words I’ve heard come out of your mouth since I met you. And rational,” she added.
He felt a ray of hope. “So, do you think that she'll give a guy like me a chance?”
“No.”
His ego deflated as he let out a sigh.
“Ask her in about three months.” She walked over to him and dabbed a finger at his counterfeit eyebrows. “When the real ones grow back.”
Max watched her turn and walk away, but the spark of excitement disconnected from his eyes when Follis marched up and filled the void where Ronnie had been standing. “Have you seen Kenny Miles?”
“The last time I saw him was on the elevator. He said something about being fed up with this place.”
Follis slapped a hand over his forehead and raked his thick fingers down over his face. It was like one of those presto-change-O magic acts as his features seemed to supernaturally transform behind the cover of his fingers from slightly agitated to irate. “When I find him, he’s fired.” Follis stormed away, but a few steps into his parade of stomps he stopped, and spun around. His face softened along with his voice. By the way, that was a nice presentation that you gave this morning.” He cleared his throat. “And I’m looking forward to working with you.” He twirled back around and resumed his hunt for Kenny Miles.
Max knew the search would prove to be fruitless; and over time, the leads would grow cold leaving the best detectives scratching their heads and shrugging their shoulders. What was left of Kenny would end up on a police report and neatly tucked away with the other cold case files in a drawer. The myths and rumors spurred by the unexplained mystery would make Kenny Miles a legend in Camden, but now that Kenny had been unraveled at the molecular level, he wouldn't be there to bask in the limelight of his own legacy. Max pictured Kenny floating through the Milky Way on an endless soul vacation.
Before he wasted another moment, he ducked outside before anything or anyone else could interrupt what he set out to do.
When he arrived at his destination across town, he felt a wave of shock shoot through his body at the sight of the padlocked doors and boarded up windows of Sanderson's shop. He rolled both hands into tight fists and beat on the door. A hollow echo answered back. He beat on them again. “Mister Sanderson, it's me, Max.” He waited for an answer that never came. “Open up, I need to talk to you.” He gave the door another heavy pounding. “It's important.” After his efforts proved useless, he resorted to peeking through a small crack in the wood, the sight unnerved him. The interior of the shop was now an empty cavity and home to nests of spiders skittering along a vast network of silky webs. A carpet of dust covered the wooden planks on the floor, and the blue paint on the walls that had once been vibrant blue were now a washed out gray, the lettering labeling the shelves had faded into oblivion making them indecipherable markings. It looked as though the shop had been vacant for eons. Frustrated and confused, Max gave the door a hard rap with his fist, hard enough to send a shockwave coursing through the walls. The spiders skittered away on their webs away from the quake and found sanctuary in the corners. The vibration dislodged flecks of dust, and like tiny ships, they floated on a tide of air. As the minuscule armada sailed into a ray of sun, they burst into brilliant flecks of golden light. It was like watching an aerial firework display, but in slow motion and with the volume muted. Discouraged that he would never know the truth about Sanderson and Wong, he pushed away from the door.
A sound from down the block caught his attention. He saw two men flanking the hotdog stand slowly moving away from him. He ran toward them. “Wait! Mister Wong, Mister Sanderson; you can't leave now, I need to know.” 
The old Chinese man stopped pushing the cart and the two men turned around. 
“Who are you?” He yelled out. Prodded by his curiosity, he pushed his physical limits by breaking into a run. Twenty yards down the road, the exertion proved to be too much and he slowed down to a trot and then to a walk. Before he could take another step, both men and the cart slowly faded away. It took him a moment to realize they had been no more than a trick of the elemental characters of nature like a distant mirage shimmering off the hot pavement on a long stretch of highway. He was ready to dismiss the entire incident with a bit of sane logic when a stiff breeze kicked up, stirring up debris lying on the sidewalk and sent it scurrying out onto the street. From the wind, a vortex formed and slowly gained velocity into a crazy rotation of out-of-control pirouettes and sucked up small pieces of refuse. It raced toward him.
Before he could react, the tempest arrived, and like a child's spinning top spent of all of its energy, it toppled at his feet leaving a small scrap of paper at the toe of his taped shoe. He bent down, retrieved it from the ground, and read the words from the small ribbon of paper that looked like it had come out of a fortune cookie: Some questions are best left unanswered. You go now—
Max began the long, hot walk back to the other side of Camden not knowing what the next moment was going to bring, but confident that whatever it would be, he could handle it.
A burst of silver light flashed in his eyes and he suddenly found himself on long stretch of desolate highway in a speeding convertible on his way to an unknown destination.
