
In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy book 5
The Genetic Equation
Liam Gibbs


If you purchased this book without a cover, that's because the book is drunk. There. I said it. It went out last night even though it was a work night, stayed up waaaayyy too late, spent way too much money, and drank one beer too many. And that was before it drank the other seven beers too many. So you know what? I locked the house up. The book stumbled home at four in the morning, threw up on the lawn, and then had the audacity to bang on the door. But I didn't let it in. After twenty minutes, it fell asleep on the front steps. Serves it right. I've had it up to here with its shenanigans.


IN A GALAXY FAR, FAR AWRY book 5: THE GENETIC EQUATION
Copyright (c) 2018 Liam Gibbs
All rights reserved.

Cover art by Azer Babaev.
Cover art colors by Stanislav Leonov.
Cover concept and design by Liam Gibbs.
I can't keep covering for you every time you call in to work sick.

This book, or parts thereof, may not be reproduced in any form without permission. Every time you copy it, the terrorists win. They're on to you.

This is a work of fiction. The names of the characters have been changed to protect the fictional. I've also changed the names of businesses, places, animals, technologies, systems of government, cake recipes, your local grocery store, bird migration patterns, and old Mrs. Keggell down the block, as sweet as she is.

Kamikaze's actions are not intended as a substitute for medical advice.

ISBN 13: 978-1386636106
First printing: February 2018

{ PLOT DEVICE PUBLISHING }
The Table of Contents That Rocked the World
At the Front
Other Books in the Series
Dedication
Acknowledgements
Prologue
Book 5: The Genetic Equation
Chapter One: Crapping the Terran Genome
Chapter Two: Quit while He's a Head
Chapter Three: Life Is Adjourned
Chapter Four: My Brother's Reaper
Chapter Five: Private Musing
Chapter Six: But the Second the Boss Comes for a Visit
Chapter Seven: Bodily Functions as Described by a Child
Chapter Eight: Home Disadvantage
Chapter Nine: Meanwhile, aboard the Poppycockpit
Chapter Ten: A Friendly Exchange of Words
Chapter Eleven: Knock, Knock
Chapter Twelve: Pain, Now with 30 Percent More Flavor
Chapter Thirteen: His Majesty Summons
Chapter Fourteen: Protective Custody
Chapter Fifteen: Your Notion of Palatable Food Will Never Be the Same
Chapter Sixteen: Rerouted and Clouted
Chapter Seventeen: Searched and Destroyed
Chapter Eighteen: Shadow Boxing
Chapter Nineteen: Blah Blah Safety First Yada Yada
Chapter Twenty: Happy Reunion
Chapter Twenty-One: Harrier's Throwing a Barbecue
Chapter Twenty-Two: Goes down Easy, Comes up Easier
At the Back
Book 6, Chapter One: Buyer Beware
Appendix: Technologies
Appendix: Advertisements and Merch
About Ol' What's-His-Face
Connect with the Series
Available on the Author's Super-Awesome Site
This stupendous, amazing, spectacular, not-at-all-overhyped comedy/science-fiction series can be found in the following parts:

Book 1: Serial Fiction Sideshow
Book 2: Home Sweet Home Invasion
Book 3: Technophobia
Book 4: Armageddon Trigger Finger
Book 5: The Genetic Equation
Book 6: Power Tool
Book 7: The Lesser of Two Egos
Book 8: Untitled of Attitude Adjustments
Book 9: Those We Left Behind
Book 10: Metaphor for Life
Book 11: Oh, Crock, Here Comes a Meteor!
Book 12: His Kingdom Come
Book 13: A Wolf in Sheep's Armor
Book 14: Man Versus Machine Part 1 of 1
Book 15: Our New Hiring Policy
Book 16: Life like Broken Glass
Book 17: The Church of Steeple
Book 18: Blood Bunny
Book 19: Disease of Behavior
Book 20: The Paper Tiger's Yardstick
Book 21: This One Has a Dancing Gibbon
Book 22: My Brother's Captor
Book 23: Marching Orders
Book 24: To Wake the Deactivated
Book 0: The Story So Far Vol. 1

Please visit the In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy site for all these free e-books and more information.

Other Matters of Great Significance
Maybe check out these other things 'cause they're superfine too!
Three Flash Fictions, available upon request from the author
Emergency broadcast warnings available from your local television network. The annoying ones that whine really loud. Ha.
Dedicated to...
My expo entourage: Bernie, Colin, Val, and everyone who shows up with a hug. You guys lower the tiring parts of the whole experience by ten fatigue points, ten point three on sunny days.
Hussah, everyone. Hussah.
Acknowledgements
If I could pick any one aspect of writing that everyone gets wrong, it's that stereotype that says we're all lonely, introverted shut-ins who hide in dark basements and fear the sun. We need people to help our itty-bitty, teeny-weeny, yellow polka-dot dreamy become a huge, fat, belligerent, sometimes ridiculous reality.
So how do you thank those people? By screaming at them in print, of course. And so here I pay tribute to the many, many humans who have generously given their time and souls to help my tiny train of creative nonsense make its way into your hands. Ready? Well, it doesn't matter if you are, because here we go anyway. Everybody, stand and applaud...
...Steve Baptista, the dude who helped master-craft the art of making Kamikaze look less like a chimp and more like the guy you'd least want standing next to you at a barbecue.
...Mark Nadon, the military fact-checker who explained several reasons why Power Plant and Franchise least exemplify sound martial strategy.
...Matt Levesque, the fellow who edited out all the swear words Master Asinine's followers yelled at him whenever he hurled them headfirst into a social gathering.
...LeAnh Gibbs, the woman who probably cursed my name every time I intruded into yet another expo or book show. Under-the-breath cursing, of course, just so I couldn't hear it and can't repeat it to you here.
...Bernie Pallek and Colin Atterbury, the two henchmen who made sure you all got to know Multipurpose a little more. And a little stinkier. You're all the better for it, too, aren't you?
...Val Villeneuve for copiloting some of the expos I meet some of you at and overselling Smithereens's interests.
...Fabian Nicieza, Jerry Seinfeld, Mel Brooks, Stan Lee, Matt Groening, George Lucas, and all the other influences to my writing that made sure Schizophrenic treated everyone else like pieces of trash.
...my grandfather, William Gibbs, who prodded me/kicked my lardy keister so that you all hated Appetite for his flawless table manners.
...adult diapers. One day I might need you, so it's a smart idea to get in your good graces before I'm senile.
Prologue
There's one piece of advice I want to give any aspiring writer, but hold on a second. I'll get to it at the end of this prologue. The advice needs an explanation I want to get out of the way first. Allow me to be long-winded for a moment or eight.
Writers can't be shy. Well, some can, I guess. But, in my experience, they aren't successful. Those whose work sees print put themselves out there. They get out there a lot, and they get out there in a rowdy way.
A writer can't be shy for his or her stuff to be a success. There are just too many things a writer needs to get right so his or her work makes it to the reader. Too many moving parts to this machine. Editing, fact-checking, marketing, selling, apprenticeshipping (it's a word now), networking, and sanity checking all necessitate the writer to be flashy and dramatic. Please don't rely solely on luck to grow your idea into the happening shindig it needs to be. Rely on yourself.
In fact, contrary to what you might think a writer is—that brooding loner—the biggest successes are in your face. Let's call these in-your-facers Writer Type A. They're lively. They're loud. They're happy to be there. They don't shy away. They love attention and focus. They love the camera and the microphone. They cultivate their sales pitch. They show up at sales events, grab opportunity, and dance with it. They don't hide in the dark.
Then there's the other type, the type that doesn't want to be loud or to seek attention. This is Writer Type B. You'll see them at those same events with their heads down and their attention on their phones. They don't like eye contact. They don't like speaking. They peek at you like terrified cats hiding under furniture when guests visit. Consequently, they don't sell. You'll never hear about them. Oh, well.
Type A authors force themselves on the big book chains. They frequently make book-signing appearances at stores and get in your face at them. They approach the customer, they smile, they make eye contact, they shake hands. They sell. The store managers put their names out to the other store managers in the region. They're known as store favorites and top sellers. A typical author will be on consignment with a store for a three-month period, at which point they're cycled out to give other authors opportunity and shelf space. But Type A authors buck that trend. They prove their worth.
I've spotted Type B authors at their signings and sales events. I see them just sit at the table hoping buyers come to them. I don't imagine they make many sales. If only they'd attract the buyers over. If only they were Type A.
I explain this comparison for you to draw conclusions about how to get your own train chugging. You've heard Thomas Edison's quote about genius being 1 percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration. It's true. Your skill as a writer is only part of your success. The rest comes from you being showy and willing to shed your comfort zone.
Get out there. Make eye contact, shake hands, get personable and funny, get in the news. Make contacts and network the snot out of yourself. Take risks, both financially and personally.
So, after all that explanation, what's the advice I promised you at the beginning? Be noisy. Be proud of what you've done. Shove it in people's faces. Make a spectacle of yourself. Be Writer Type A. In fact, be Person Type A. In all matters of life. Contact me if you need tips. By no means am I an expert, but I do have some experience with it all.
That's how success happens.

In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy book 5
The Genetic Equation

Chapter One: Crapping the Terran Genome
December 19, 9109, 6:25 a.m. (Galactic Standard Time).
The Produce Soldier lab. Prof. Professor approached the latent-technology double doors located at the end of the hall. The l tech doors vanished, saved in computer memory for later retrieval, and he entered the lab. He greeted his colleague Prof. Scientist with a flapping wave, a gesture with which they'd replaced their secret handshake. That old handshake served only as an excuse for Prof. Scientist to show off his Vulcan nerve pinch skills anyway.
Terrans Prof. Professor and Prof. Scientist researched genetic weapons at Intergalactic Protection's warfare laboratories on one of planet Vesta's satellite stations. Creating a weapon that genetically transformed produce into military grunts was their current project. These new fruit soldiers would both massacre enemy troops and provide a healthful alternative to high-calorie rations. However, the five-year project had so far culminated in wasted effort, squandered funds, and rotten papayas. Maybe they should switch to strawberries...or pineapples. Imagine getting punched by a pineapple fist.
Prof. Professor sighed. Their efforts had succeeded in transforming volunteers into various things, but their goal, the reverse—giving sentience to these produce platoons—eluded their efforts. History's first citrus commando would have to wait. It didn't help their research that they snacked on the raw materials. Or dipped them in chocolate fondue.
"Welcome, Prof. Professor. You have two new messages."
Prof. Professor leaped with his pulse. Oh, his stars and garters, those voice-control interfaces were abrupt. Called haunt controls, they did make objects act possessed by automating those objects wherever installed. Creepy.
Prof. Professor. What had seized hold of him to choose that absurd title? In university, he and Prof. Scientist thought legally changing their names would be hilarious. What a primordial, single-celled organism he was. He now had to endure sideways glances and that bizarre red underscoring on the second professor in his word processor. He at least wasn't the fool who'd called dibs on Prof. Mad Geneticist. His university roommate must have regretted cutting in line. Ah, and who could forget Head of the Physics Department Generalized Helmholtz Theorem?
"How went your progression on the samples since I departed for my repast?" he asked Prof. Scientist. He dusted his hands of his midday meal's crumbs, still lamenting the cafeteria's faulty thumbprint readers. Only the sandwich machine's reader worked, so his options were few, and he still tasted cafeteria cheese on his tongue.
He approached the counter on which lay the genetic transformer, a tabletop box sporting an activation button and a specimen tray. The sample pressed in its tray looked the same as when he'd left, except now it wore more fruit flies.
Prof. Scientist's despondency revealed more than his words. "I fear not well. We still have yet to successfully combine the DNAs of a Virillian and a banana."
"Curses." Prof. Professor smacked the countertop and pulled away from the genetic transformer. "Now Intergalactic Protection will never have its Virillianana. How else will we determine which holds more resilience to shell shock, a tropical fruit warrior or its melon cousin?"
"As thought I as well. Technological limitations are forever the burdensome troglodytic stepbrothers of science." Prof. Scientist sighed. "The melon counterparts are tastier, though."
"Indubitably, my good colleague. Indubitably."
"Back to the drawing fridge." Prof. Scientist pushed his horn-rimmed glasses up his beak-shaped nose. Prof. Professor would have suggested purchasing newer eyes, but—
"You have three new visitors, Professors," the haunt control said. Who was entering the lab?
The l doors faded with a squeal, deconstructed into their inactive states and stored in computer memory. Holographic outlines replaced them to indicate their positions—
An atomic war exploded into the room! The doorframe and its wall blew apart in spewed rubble and belched dust. Duck! Prof. Professor rolled aside to avoid a shard of debris no smaller than a pouncing lion cub.
Laser blasts lit the area, crimson-tinged the clouds of soot. Prof. Scientist dived behind an atom manipulator. In a chaotic swarm, the blasts slid through equipment, the ceiling, Prof. Scientist's seventeen-tier abacus.
"Lieutenant." A new voice announced itself like a light-bullet, carrying an unspoken harrumph of disdain. "Must I remind you? Time your explosions to totally demolish stuff when we burst through the wall and no earlier. And look at this smoke and debris. Awful. This is one of our worst entrances ever. It flies in the face of basic villainy."
"I'll consider that the next time we steal a DNA manipulator, sir."
"You mean 'gene doohickey.'"
Oh, no! Those voices. Prof. Professor had watched the speakers on news broadcasts. These interlopers assaulted innocents for their own gain, played cosmic chance with lives, boasted about their mastery at landmine dancing. And now these cads dared barge into this facility? No names could Prof. Professor attach to the voices, but they seared the surface of his brain like a cow brander.
Shadows shuffled in the hallway where a brilliant beam shot forth. Prof. Professor took cover behind the burning husk of the abacus. And if those fiends blasted it, well, Prof. Scientist could thrust his accuracy to the thirteenth decimal place where the electromagnetic spectrum didn't shine.
A pistol at his side, the intruders' silhouetted commander tensed, ready for action. His smile sparkled with an evil glint even in the darkness. "Lieutenant, where are the smoke pellets? Achieve the effect."
"Yes, sir. Would you like Morning Melody or Soothing Pond?"
"I'm in a Soothing Pond mood. We did eat koi for breakfast."
The follower's shadow reached into a pouch, grabbed two small orbs, and threw them to the travertine floor. They hissed into smoke and misted the ruined doorway with charcoal dust.
"Behold, science geeks, for I have come to do stuff to your stuff!" The bellowing buffoon stepped through the wall of smoke and emerged from anonymous darkness. And the media names of the interlopers struck Prof. Professor's memory as abruptly as a punch to the face. The most feared, the most hated, the most irritating—Master Asinine and Lieutenant IQ 23.
Master Asinine's tongue wagged. "We have arrived."
His hand clasped the air, his eyebrows perked up, his mouth readied an unspent cackle. Like a glittering waterfall, his swishing suit dazzled in the light upon his entrance. A vanilla-colored leisure suit? In this fashion market?
Prof. Professor grabbed a saline tube and double-squeezed its bulbous end to squirt streams of saltwater at Asinine. These deviants would come nowhere near whatever their malevolent purposes required. "Stay back, or face my salty spray, wrongdoers!"
"Wrongdoers?" Asinine snapped his fingers. "Plaster, wrongdo them before they gobbledygook me up some more. And grab that spray thingy. I'm thirsty."
A third interloper, a Terran whose skin fell off his body in coagulated clumps, thundered out of the hallway's shadows. "Finally, someone to beat up. Nothin' else happenin' since ya got rid o' the table tennis in the starship." He passed Prof. Professor. "Hi-de-ho, nerd."
The one called Plaster swatted the saline tube from Prof. Professor's hand and belted him aside. Prof. Professor skidded across the floor and crashed into a cupboard, rattling its shelves.
The golemlike Terran tramped further into the lab. Prof. Professor's heart thump-thumped at a hyperactive one hundred sixty—no, one hundred sixty-three—beats per minute, threatening to tear loose his pulmonary artery and aortic arch and rupture the superior vena cava and possibly—dear, he needed a Dramamine.
Prof. Professor scraped up acidic adrenaline from within the pits of his stomach. "How dare you accost this place of knowledge? This is a civilized—"
"Do you even know what a one-syllable word is?" Asinine stuffed his hand over Prof. Professor's mouth. Had he scooped his fingers into the jelly jar a few times? "Lieutenant, smash things that look expensive or that offend my sense of smell. Plaster, grab that thingamabob we came here for."
"The san'wich oven?"
"No, we have the Toasterizationizer for ovening things. I mean, get the gene doohickey. That's the thing we're bringing to Brick so he can replicate the techno-cool."
Lieutenant IQ 23 smashed a plastic hydrogen molecule model to the floor. He ground it under his heel and then grabbed a UV lamp. The head-sized question marks attached to his helmet's temples bobbed.
Against orders, Plaster scooped up the gamma ray sandwich oven, leaving a slimy hand free to snatch the genetic transformer.
"No!" Prof. Scientist lunged from behind the atom manipulator. He clutched at the genetic transformer and hugged it to his chest. "Intergalactic Protection has need of its banana army." He shoved Plaster back.
Plaster swatted Prof. Scientist away with a waxy arm. A viscous stripe splattered the professor's cheek. "No touchy-touch, brainiac. Ya can find some other way of gettin' your fruity banana snack attack." He stomped toward the ruined door. His face like a skull covered in melting flesh, he grunted. "I'll be in the starship. Don't wake me up when you get in, 'cause I ain't carin' when 'Cosmonaut Chimp gets back from them commercial messages.'"
As if he'd stepped on a tack, Asinine jolted. "Ooh, right. We're on a tight schedule. Lieutenant, finish your wanton destruction."
Lieutenant IQ 23 pulverized a radioscope against a wall. He held up an atom box. "Should I smash this, sir? I'm not sure it's expensive enough."
"I trust your judgment."
Lieutenant IQ 23 shrugged and hurled the atom box against a shelf. It ricocheted hollowly, bounced against his forehead, and tap-danced its way toward the l door.
Asinine and IQ 23 proceeded to the exit. Asinine's heel fumbled against the atom box, and he tripped forward. "Gah, who left their toys lying around?"
"The theft of our only genetic transformer will put our research back years." Still curled against the cupboard and rubbing his achy neck, Prof. Professor watched the two exit. He clutched Prof. Scientist's sleeve. "What shall we tell Intergalactic Protection?"
Asinine ducked back into the lab. "Tell them the truth. Tell them who stole their gene doohickey. Tell them it was...the Bad Guys." A wicked smile shaped his lips and remained ingrained in the moment before he reexited.
But he returned. "I mean, not all the Bad Guys. Only three of us. And Scapegoat's manning the getaway jalopy." He tilted his head in thought. "Well, when you get down to it, we all had a hand in this heist, so you could say it was all the Bad Guys. Except Appetite. All he did was eat the datasheet we wrote our plans on. So—"
From the shadows, IQ 23 said, "Sir, someone will trip the silent alarm if we wait any longer."
"Ooh, I hate those things. The way they give you the silent treatment. But you know they're judging you. Always judging." He turned back to the scientists. "You know what? Just tell them it was the Bad Guys and leave it at that. Oh, and remember to mention my stylish leisure suit. Shiny, huh?" His chest swanked forward to boast the leisure suit's most hideous feature: the leisure suit. He winked. "Because I'm leisure and I'm suited."
Asinine raised his pistol to shoulder height. "The Bad Guys came here to kick crock and chew bubblegum. And we're all outta gum." He padded a pocket. "Oh, wait. Here's some."
Chapter Two: Quit while He's a Head
"Momentum, spin around that robot and dizzy its circuits. Harrier, I need you to strike it high. Power Plant, sweep around and blast it from the back. Franchise, remember your new mantra: the fetal position is not a defensive position." Legion fired his Marsek at the fifty-foot-tall robot, but the light-bullet glanced away. "And, Kamikaze, protecting your teammates doesn't mean using yourself as a living shield."
"But it doesn't mean not using myself as a living shield." Kamikaze, one of the Good Guys' two pilots and the only bad one, jumped in front of Franchise to guard him from a launched grenade.
Green-skinned Trioxidillian Matross Legion kicked the grenade away, and it spun into a corner of the mildewed room. It exploded at the gigantic robot's feet. The robot hunkered on one knee as if in pain, rocking the warehouse and spilling boxes. Legion almost lost his balance. "You know what, Kamikaze? Do what you like, but I'm not helping you find either lung this time."
"You never wash your hands before you pick them up anyway."
"Or before ya plays in mud puddles." Power Plant's shocking blond hair brushed his forehead.
"You play in them." Legion fired again.
In this warehouse that brimmed with metal boxes stacked to the sixty-foot ceiling, Good Guy leader Legion had assembled his soldiers—reckless Kamikaze and juvenile Power Plant among them—to take down this hulking robot. As loud as it was tall, with a duralumin shell and pivot-polished joints, the robot squatted and trapped birdlike Harrier underneath a bulky palm. This robot at least had no bicycle wheel or tennis-ball launcher like that haywire psychobot Power Plant had built, though this one's pinky was painfully grinding into Harrier's crotch. Maybe they should fight the one with the tennis-ball launcher. Legion needed to hone his backhand.
The robot swatted Kamikaze aside. Legion didn't worry about that psycho's well-being. After dying, the Terran returned to life, again and again. Even blown apart, his body somehow reassembled itself. This left him with a fearless love for pain, an addictive rush, an insanity since he didn't understand death. That and his special ability, his hyperability, to fly made him the best candidate for a tranquilizer.
Alaphus above, help them, the robot was massacring them. Kamikaze had already broken a few limbs, though most were his. Harrier looked as if his tender parts were ready to call it quits. And cowardly self-multiplier Franchise scurried about like a cat on a highway, blurting frightful screams and shakily aiming his pistol. He fluttered between blasts and managed only to dart behind cover that looked solid enough. He and his pistol would sometimes peek out, but his scattered aim seldom found its target. He had managed to randomly blast off the robot's kneecap. And it wasn't his fault the kneecap had landed on Kamikaze. Or that Kamikaze had purposely dashed underneath it. Legion gripped his Alaphan necklace, and his finger found the small bullet hole that punctured its dangling cross. His Good Guys weren't even battle-ready to take on an ant colony.
Strain marred Harrier's British accent. "Mates, I require"—a grunt—"assistance. And possibly a fertility checkup now." He looked up at the robot's hand that domed him. His feathery wings enclosed his body in a cocoon, revealing only his curly blond hair.
"I gets on that sissy-sistance. Woohoo!" Using his hyperability of self-propelled flight, Power Plant corkscrewed his blue-and-yellow-clad form airborne. He landed on the robot's shoulder and added his looming expression to the robot's. He misunderstood who needed assistance. The robot slapped him, and his ragdoll body train-crashed through a stack of boxes.
The robot raised a foot. The supersonic Momentum veered to avoid its pulverizing stomp, but his leg glanced off its crunching heel. He spilled over, his bellow drowned out under the sound of Kamikaze bonking himself over the head with a piece of debris. Kamikaze grabbed Franchise and gave a cracking headbutt as a friendly skull bump. In a sharing mood. After all, there was no i in team.
Another grenade plunked out of the robot's launcher. It rebounded off a box and punted Legion in the back of his hairless head. Its countdown timer read eleven seconds. Only one way to end this. "Kamikaze!"
Kamikaze's eyes widened euphorically, though giving it competition was the tongue waggling from his gaping mouth. "Is today a good day to die?"
"It sure is." Legion tossed him the grenade. "And control your drooling problem."
Kamikaze grabbed the grenade and stuffed it into his mouth. "I am con'koling m' droo'ing provl'm." In a thunderous launch, he took off. His flight left a charred blotch on the ground where wisps of sulfur sifted up.
"No, you're not." Legion dived behind a mess of boxes upon seeing Kamikaze grab the robot by the head and spit the grenade into a damaged seam in its telescope-segmented neck. Bang! The clamor blasted into Legion's antennae and prickled his skin-covered ears. Kamikaze's hooting was the only thing louder than the grenade's blast until his head dislodged and bounced off some robot shrapnel. His head sailed up, smacked against a window near the fractured ceiling, and slid off its static-crackling field. The body cleared less distance: it floundered onto the floor next to Legion like a bag of wet fish. Same old Kamikaze, always appearing his best after a decapitation.
Legion wasn't worried. Kamikaze's autoresurrection hyperability would reassemble and reawaken him in maybe an hour. Then anyone venturing into his haphazard sphere of craziness would be hurled headfirst into his idea of oodles of fun and oodles of body parts.
Legion's hairless body settled. He peered up at the operator's balcony of the Good Guys' seventy-foot-long training gym. Up there sat Ace Spandex, the Terran who manned the simulator. "Okay, Ace, you can cut everything off."
His typical backward-facing baseball cap sitting on his head, Ace Spandex popped into the frame of the balcony's shield-screen window and nodded. He tapped a few buttons on the slanted computer bank. From inside its broken body, the robot's gears whinnied to silence.
The Good Guys' recently bought haunt control was still only partly installed. When fully installed, Legion could operate scenarios through voice command. Without its automation, Ace Spandex had to operate this show manually. As their computer and communications engineer, he was the best one to oversee the program under such conditions. His hyperability—skyrocketing intelligence where computers and communication were concerned—was a great asset.
Franchise shot forward, grabbed a discarded pipe, and swung for the bleachers. "D-don't worry, Jeffy! I-I'll take th-this—" His eyes opened to inspect his musty surroundings. He staggered to a stop and blinked vacantly. "Too little too late again?"
"Too li'l too lates like a fox." Power Plant, the Jeffy in question, passed Franchise on his way to Kamikaze's head.
"Sorry." Legion twisted his mouth to Franchise.
His breathing uneven, Franchise padded his chest. "Do I look all-l r-right? I mean, a-a-aside from b-being the victim of Kamikaze's en-enthusiasm-m."
Legion examined him. "You look fine, but you have some Kamikaze stuck to your brow. I think it's his brow." He palmed sweat from his forehead. How much had the stress-caused liver splotches on his forehead grown from the debacle that was Kamikaze? They darkened his skin to a deep-forest color.
He climbed onto the robot's angled back and funneled his mouth. "Nice workout, everyone, when you consider that last time Jeff destroyed the terrain instead of the threat before he realized he was in the parking lot. And that there really was no threat."
"Name's Jeffy. And I destroyin's anythin' fun." He hooked his toes under Kamikaze's head, kicked it up, and bounced it between two knees. Hacky sack.
"That's repulsive." Momentum crossed Power Plant's path in a blur that limped from when he'd clipped the robot's heel. "Kamikaze will want that back."
"Why? He just gonna chops it off again."
"Jeff, Kamikaze's head is not a toy." Legion cupped his hands on his mouth so that everyone could hear him over the splats of Kamikaze's head bouncing on Power Plant's knees. "But we definitely need a lot more practice. Simply because the Bad Guys haven't reared their lunacy in more than a month doesn't mean we can let our skills dull. So back here tomorrow. And maybe his head is a toy, Jeff. Just quit spraying blood everywhere."
Momentum wiped a towel over his sweaty neck and huffed. He assessed the gym with a sharp look. "Reef's missing. Again." Behind him, Power Plant banked Kamikaze's head off a wall.
Legion hopped off the robot. "Intergalactic Protection said he has some personal business to attend to." He shrugged. "Didn't specify."
"So IP says he has personal business." Momentum noted a gash on his elbow. "His life's a mess, but the rest of us have to rely on his untrained crock in combat? He misses every single training session. We're getting beaten senseless, and Jeff is getting beaten more senseless. But Reef—a field leader—is off playing hooky. He should be training like the rest of us. We're busting our crocks, and he's...what? Furniture shopping? I understand Ace not training. His hyperability is mental based. And Null. His hyperability is drool based."
"And mine's awesome based." Power Plant bunted Kamikaze's head off Momentum's back.
"And Jeff's is awesome based. And you still make it, Legion, even though you have no hyperability or hypermutation. Even Chicken Little shows up on time." Momentum jabbed a finger at Franchise. "But Reef is never here. What is his hyperability?"
"Haven't a clue. The higher-ups at IP said to shut up and not ask questions. His personnel file said the same thing. And used the same tone." Legion rubbed his own towel over his face. "A lot of irate human-resources people work there.
"Anyway, as long as his personnel file says what it says, I'm not allowed to know." Legion leaned against the sliding door of the training gym. Heaving it open took some groaning effort, but once he started moving it, it screeched aside. All this door nonsense would be automated again after Ace Spandex completed the haunt control's installation. A few kinks still lingered in the system, though: one kink kept switching the broadcast viewscreens in the station to old reruns of Gray's Tracheotomy, and another planted poison ivy in the kitchen. (That didn't stop the cookbots from using it, but it explained Legion's rashes.) So they'd switched the haunt control off. Now things were operating manually.
Legion headed for the airfoil and stepped on its speckled floor. A gush of air levitated him to the operator's balcony, which was protected behind its transparent shield screen in case debris hurtled at it, like that giant robot head. Or Kamikaze's giant impetuous head. Which was more dangerous, Legion wasn't sure. He'd vote for Kamikaze's head, but it sometimes came up with a good idea. One was letting Legion sleep for four uninterrupted hours last week.
He approached Ace Spandex, who wore his burgundy impact suit. Ace rose from his seat at the computer bank, where loitered the remains of a ravaged pizza. He chew-snapped his bubblegum and peered out the room-spanning shield screen. "Hey, I'm okay handling your monkey show—"
"We're trying our best, Ace. Don't call it that."
"Then you should check out what Jeff is doing. I'm okay handling it, but can I go finish installing the haunt control? We didn't pay half a million moolahs for a partly installed advertising machine." He exhaled a bubblegum bubble that popped on his face.
Legion tossed his towel onto a chair. "Sure. Just make sure to delete that infernal ad program. But hurry. Please. The hangar doors won't open, and that single Fireball starship we've got outside is power dry since Jeff uses it to ride over waterfalls. And considering he ties himself to its nose cone just before it drops over, I just don't think it's sanitary anymore."
"I'll have those hangar doors open by tomorrow." Ace Spandex took out his gum, grabbed a carton of chocolate milk, gulped down its contents with a deep swig, and wrist-launched it across the room at the shield screen. The screen vaporized it into sweet-scented smoke.
He snapped off a wave and bounded toward the airfoil. Two years after graduating college, he still had that youthful exuberance, though he could stand to stop snapping his bubblegum between his teeth.
Legion approached the shield screen. Below, Franchise ducked away from Power Plant, who swung on the robot's lifeless leg and scratched his armpit. Nice impression. Momentum handed him a banana. He took it in his foot.
Legion walked to the intercom computer and pressed its unsteady talk button. He eyed Franchise. "Jacob, can you meet me in my office in five minutes? And Jeff?" Power Plant froze his apish swing and looked up, his banana half peeled. "Get off that thing. It's military property." Power Plant resumed his swinging.
Franchise's eyes darted around. With feeble effort, he rose from his cover behind a pulverized box. As grim as doomsday, he slunk toward the gym's exit.
Power Plant's foot slammed into his face and smeared banana across it.
* * *
Legion looked up when his office door slid aside. Franchise edged into the newly finished office, his downcast face studying the ground. His slim body trudged lightly as if the green carpet were balsa wood and any false step would send him crunching through it. Didn't matter. Intergalactic Protection stored spare army cots in the room below.
"Nice new digs." Franchise examined his surroundings, Legion's new office.
"Jacob, I've been in here for a month now."
"And I haven't." Franchise lightly sat across the datasheet-covered desk from Legion and swept a hand through his brown hair. He began cracking his knuckles, first on the left hand. "If this is about sticking dynamite up the main thruster pipe of that transport, Jeffy wa—"
"No, this isn't about—you did what with what?"
"Jeffy and I, we...I mean...uh...I plead the twenty-seventh."
"You plead the one about the services of senators and representatives?"
Franchise's eyes wandered to the left. "Yyyyyyeah."
Legion's hands flopped against the desk, disturbing the sea of datasheets. "Jacob, those amendments haven't existed since the United Countries of America dissolved seven thousand years ago. If you're going to lie, at least plead something still in effect."
Franchise plastered on a fake smile. "Well, what can you do?"
"Not get into troub—forget it. I've tried shutting down that party far too often. Anyway, Jacob, there's a problem we need to address." A deep breath. "Your battle anxiety. You've served with the Good Guys for about a year and a half now, since day one, but you're always...uh..." How would Legion broach this? He drummed the pads of his fingertips on his desk. "First of all, why did you accept the invitation to join the Good Guys?"
His smile insinuated itself even more, belying his nervousness. "Uh, heh, about that. I was a recharge station attendant with no education, no money, and no free time. You think I wanted to service Starcruisers forever?" Franchise's forged smile didn't remain. His eyes sank to the carpet. "I came from a poor hick town on Gaia. I don't know how you found out about my multiplying hyperability, but you offered me a chance to break out of that sinkhole, and I took it. I thought I could stand my own against the Bad Guys, but I thought wrong." His gaze snapped up. "Look, I know I'm a coward. It's hard not to see when running from Asinine's Nothing to Scream About cannon. And I was screaming."
Legion shrugged with his hands. "It's right there in the title."
Franchise drew a deep breath, and his expression sagged. Legion waited for him to continue. "If you want to discharge me of service, I can be on the next public transport back to Gaia."
"Jacob, I'm not discharging you." Legion saw that Franchise was unconvinced. "I like you. Everyone does. You and Jeff raise team morale when you're not filling someone's pillows with jellyfish. By the way, it's Smithereens's turn, and he's due. That should teach him to use a pie bomb on my face.
"Anyway, morale in a military organization is a hot commodity. Sometimes it's more important than bravery. I don't run a tight outfit here if you haven't noticed. I shun on-base advertising, I avoid saluting, and I insist you call me by my name instead of 'sir,' and I call you by your first name instead of 'cadet' or, in Jeff's case, 'raving psycho.'"
"So you said no to his new media name?"
Legion rubbed his eye. "Jacob, you're going to have to face your fears."
"I could face them in Speedos and help us both conquer our fears."
"No Speedos!" Legion thumped his desk. "I draw the line at Speedos. The Logistican swimming team can keep its fashion statement." He quieted. "Jacob, the problem with your fear is that nobody can rely on you in combat. So I have little choice but to remove you from field duty."
"Remove me from field duty?" Franchise stiffened as if to stand, but he remained seated, his hands placed gingerly on the datasheets smothering Legion's desk. "What would I do around here? I'd rather die than tackle the bathrooms. I'm not too handy washing that stuff off the walls." He started cracking the knuckles on his other hand.
"You'll serve on navigation duty. Our only navigator is Car Alarm. Kamikaze can navigate if we're pushing our luck, but frankly he scares me. He's headless right now, and he still scares me. Soon he'll wake up and water our flowers with lit butane. Anyway, because of our shortage of navigators, I'm adding you to the list. You'll still serve on missions, but you'll remain in the transports to prep them for the trips home. Ace will train you on how to use the software. And it's a good idea for you to learn some piloting skills, too."
Franchise still looked apprehensive, so Legion smiled. "This is good, Jacob."
"Incoming connection from entity Brigadier General Patton of Intergalactic Protection," the communication device in Legion's antenna said. His gabber.
Legion's body electrified. Patton, his superior and the Good Guys' supervisor at IP, was calling him? Oh, man. Oh, geez. A hero such as Patton required standing, so Legion pushed away from the desk. Maybe he should sit in respect—no. Stand. He jabbed the gabber's bud in his ear. Ow.
The gabber's mouthpiece and earpiece shot around his head. The earpiece curled over his head to his opposite antenna, and the mouthpiece curled to his lipless mouth. "H-h-hello, sir."
"Lieutenant Colonel, good to hear from you." Patton's voice sounded muffled even through the gabber. His hand must have blocked his mouth to twist his whitened mustache.
Why would Patton call? Why would a man of his distinction, a man who'd saved countless lives and helped shape Intergalactic Protection, bother with the lowly Good Guys? Legion deserved not even a minute of this hero's time.
"Good to hear from you too, sir." Legion suppressed a hiccupping laugh. He roamed near the door, to a bookcase smattered with a few knickknacks. Roamed away. Roamed back.
"Listen, Field Marshal Hullinger is running an inspection of all military outposts, and since the Good Guys are under my supervision, your outpost—Station One, is it?"
"Yes."
"Station One is included. He wants me to come by to personally say hi, and, frankly, it's been a while since we've seen each other. How does a visit later today sound?"
"To-today?" Legion stopped in midstep. He checked the blood splattered across his office window from when Power Plant had last attempted his human cannonball trick. Legion's skin chilled.
"Simply routine. Nothing to worry about. I'll arrive around four o'clock."
"Y-yeah." A hand crept its way to his gabber. Legion checked Franchise, who tilted his head at the elevated tension. "That sounds good."
"Excellent. I'll have some free samples to bring. We just cut a deal with Marshmallows 'n' Caramel 'n' Raw Cake Batter 'n' Artificial Sweeter 'n' Stuff. It's as good as it sounds. Anyway, sorry for my abruptness, but I have to go. I have to give a speech to some new recruits."
"Yes, sir." Legion faced a shelf of scattered pictures. He almost cut the air with a salute, but he reminded himself he was on the gabber and couldn't be seen.
"Patton out." The gabber's connection cut with its usual click. The earpiece and mouthpiece retracted back into the bud.
Patton. Coming here! As soon as possible, Legion had to hide Power Plant, Franchise, all of Kamikaze's twisted parts, and perhaps anything Smithereens cherished. He'd also have to get Power Plant's boxers off the flagpole by the civilian landing zone. They flew at half-mast because of the abduction of Power Plant's favorite socks at the hands of the laundry machine.
Legion's eyes found their way to Franchise. "However you and Jeff herded those hyenas into the lobby, can you get them back out really fast?"
Chapter Three: Life Is Adjourned
The gavel banged against the judge's bench as loudly as if smashing into Silas Reef's skull. Reef ducked with the thrust. The Parkinson's-infested judge almost flung the gavel across the room every time he screamed, "Order in the court." And he was probably the only one who still found it funny to ask for a cheeseburger and fries after that.
A hundred people jampacked the courtroom: Reef, his ex-wife and children, their counsels, the judge, two bailiffs, and a crowd as thick and as smelly as engine oil. Reef swallowed to loosen the nervous knob in his throat. Everyone had come to witness the verdict of a child custody battle between a former military drunkard and his ex-spouse. The judge hadn't looked favorably upon Reef, maybe because Reef's counsel, a hotshot Haralsian named Stensor, saw fit to make fun of how the judge's white hair looked as if he were plugged in to a bug zapper. And how Stensor called him Judge Shaky.
The judge, a Terran–basset hound hybrid, had been elected to the court as a corporate marketing stunt thanks to Letchtech's Splicemaster DNA. He was their attempt to create the hottest product placement since voting a pigeon into congress. And this product placement would soon hand down Reef's verdict. While he scratched a floppy ear with his hind leg.
The judge's jowls drooped off his brooding face. Weren't youth injections affordable now? They would help the judge, who looked as though he'd woken up on the wrong side of the doghouse.
Frieda, Reef's ex-wife, glowered at him from across the courtroom. He tasted venom in her stare. She sought to ban Reef access to his kids, Silas and Portia, who avoided eye contact as purposely as they had over the past few years. His son averted his eyes by stepping away, which was tough with his leg braces and spinal injury, injuries easily corrected except that they leant an emotional tone to Frieda's side of the case.
"This one's in the bag." Stensor tossed an invisible basketball from an equally invisible three-point line. Reef imagined the invisible basketball rebounding off the invisible rim and smacking him in the visible face. "In...the...bag, my man. You'll be sipping drinks on the beach with your kids in no time." His expression degenerated. "Sorry. Didn't mean it that way."
Reef's mouth twisted. "Of course not. You only wanted to remind me why I'm in this mess in the first place. Alcohol, remember?" Stensor was the last lawyer he'd pick out of a store catalog. Home appliances was never a good place to shop.
The judge leaned over the bench with a looming scowl. "All rise."
Ugh. Reef covered his noise-stung ears. Who let such a high-pitched talker take the bench? Chihuahua barks sounded less shrill.
"I have your final verdict, Mr. Devon Holbrek," the judge said. That old name sounded weird to Reef, but no one had connected his Holbrek identity to his Reef identity, his ex-soldier position in IP to his current one in the Good Guys.
"Your Honor." Reef stood at the defendant's table. Stensor stood as well. Reef's ex-family and their counsel followed.
The judge's expression looked unpromising. In yips, the judge cleared his throat, assaulting the crowded courtroom with sharp bullets of noise. This was the first time Reef could say that sound attacked him (aside from Power Plant's Louder-than-Death Speakers).
The judge shot Reef a bitter leer. He loomed down, and the wrinkles in his face drew more pronounced with shadow. And gravity. "Mr. Holbrek, I've reviewed the details of this case thoroughly. I know when a family is too torn for reconciliation. Rarf." He stopped scratching and lowered his leg, which left his ear hanging inside out.
His helium-high voice stung Reef's ears. "You've shown you can keep yourself sober, but you've made little headway in reconciling yourself to your family. Your litter of kids won't even acknowledge you—grrrr—and shoehorning them into your life is a bad idea, much like my own marriage to my wife, the pompous runt. (I mean that literally because she's a poodle.) Despite your three-year sobriety, Mr. Holbrek, and despite your standing with Intergalactic Protection, I have no choice but to refuse you custody rights." He slammed the gavel down on Reef's life and perked his eyebrows jubilantly. "Court is adjourned. Now, let's mark our territory and roll around in some dead birds."
No. No no no no no. Reef pounded the table. No! Tears blurred his eyesight. He swam in lightheadedness, his energy abandoning him. Strobe lights of camera flashes threatened to reveal if he had dormant epilepsy. Good thing he used an image distorter so that the cameras would film only a blurred picture of his face. Otherwise, someone seeing the pictures might pick up on his new identity as Reef.
He glanced toward the exit where the bevy of reporters unfortunately teemed. His legs felt like butter in desert heat. He wanted to hide his face, but he couldn't avoid the news reporters screaming questions he'd rather not answer. A battering of "Mr. Holbrek, Mr. Holbrek, Mr. Holbrek!" shot at him as rapidly as machinegun fire.
The judge stood on rickety knees that folded his legs to ninety-degree angles and revealed his crossbreed body: Terran hands and arms with canine legs, face, torso, and penchant to sniff the bailiff's rear. He whipped his tail around, dusting its shaggy end over his wall-hung diploma. He spotted the moon through a window and bayed.
"Should have bribed the judge with a dried pig's ear." Stensor put a hand on Reef's shoulder and swung his briefcase shut. He offered a win-some-lose-some chuckle. "Hey, I'm sorry, man. But since I lost, you get half off my fee. Oh, and here's your voucher for a free sandwich at Submarine Soiree with the purchase of one at higher or equal value."
"I'll eat it in good health." Reef took the voucher and maybe he stuffed it into a pocket or maybe he dropped it. He shrugged off Stensor's hand and lurched away. The photographers stabbed his retinas with light bursts, but he groped his way down the aisle that halved the courtroom seating. The reporters closed rank, enfolding him and barring him from the l doors.
"Mr. Holbrek, Richie Madhorn at REEK News with the most fashionable weather on broadcast. Please describe your feelings about losing any hope of reconciling with your son. This question, which wasn't technically a question, was brought to you by Ricky's Steakhouse and Crematorium, where you won't believe the secret ingredient."
"Mr. Holbrek, Blabbermouth Channel KRAK. Any chance someone will make your life into a made-for-viewscreen movie? Can I play you?"
"Mr. Holbrek, Maggie Spart from Channel YPTU. What do you think about my new hairdo?"
"Mr. Holbrek, Tropical One News. Wouldn't you agree Ms. Spart's hair has excellent bounce?"
Reef bared his teeth. He surged through the reporters and stumbled out of the courtroom. The reporters didn't follow, but instead they turned to interview Frieda for her thoughts on the three-year custody ordeal and Maggie Spart's new hairdo.
Still woozy from evaporated energy, Reef tossed himself through the lobby and out the courthouse's huge wooden l doors. He stepped onto the slippery front steps. Rain bucket-soaked the parking lot. Civilian transports zoomed by the courthouse and splashed puddles across the sidewalk. He didn't care. He didn't care that rainfall gushed down his face. He didn't care that he couldn't tell the rain from his own tears. He didn't care that he'd have to buy new boots now that a stray cat was urinating on one.
The l doors vaporized again. Frieda exited with Silas and Portia following. They had broken away from the blob of reporters inside. Two security robots shoved back those reporters, whose questions escaped the courthouse's rumpus. One guard snapped, "Control, acknowledge. Force doors shut." Reef hoped one of the reporters would get a foot caught in the l doors when they materialized into existence. No. Too bad. The technology didn't work that way, but watching the l door slice off a reporter's toes would brighten his afternoon.
Reef's and Frieda's eyes locked, Frieda's posture stiffening as if she and Reef were about to draw pistols and fire at ten paces. Silas and Portia averted their scornful looks. Silas's leg braces clacked on the ground when he pivoted away. Reef felt a shot in his heart with every clack and one on his foot when a brace speared it.
Reef gulped. "Frieda, you look nice, even with that murderous glare. Murder's not nice, but it's a nice murderous glare."
Frieda crossed her arms and eyed a light panel near one of the ridged eave supports. Her teeth didn't separate when she said, "So you're Reef now? You look like crock." Her words pummeled Reef like boxing gloves.
"Hey, I changed my name for a reason and told you in the strictest confidence. Nobody knows me as Reef here." Reef motioned to the shut l doors. "If any of those vultures connects Devon and Reef, people will link you to my new persona. That also might invalidate my sandwich voucher."
A hand cracked across his face. Frieda's. His cheek burned far hotter than anything the Bad Guys could inflict. Probably not as hot as Smithereens's Campire Detonator, though. That thing felt no pity.
"Connect us to you? You actually think we care? You're a joke to laugh at."
"Ha-ha funny or ha-ha awkwardly weird?"
"You entered the witness relocation program to save yourself and then selfishly reemerged to file for partial custody. You even changed your name from Devon to Silas. Who enters witness relocation and takes his son's name?" She spat at his feet. "We endured your drunkenness for seven years. Seven years!"
"Frieda—"
"You think I'll take you back because you're dry now? Because you're part of that giant enclave of idiots, the Good Guys? You drive around with Bad Guy logos on all your transports. You're wearing one on your vest right now."
"Hey, that's not—" Reef hid his vest in the suit jacket he wore over it. "That's not fair. The stupid one pulled off that advertising deal."
"And what about the guy who kills himself all the time? Or the one who's afraid of his own shadow?"
"Aren't we acting a little hypocritically? You told me yourself you used to have a fear of the dark."
She scowled. "I was eight."
"Eight and a half. Six months makes a big difference. And Franchise isn't afraid of his own shadow. Just yesterday he listed his top one hundred fears in order of psychosis. His shadow wasn't even mentioned. Appetite's was, though."
"You come here thinking you deserve custody rights after what you inflicted on Silas? Look at his legs." Her fingernail sliced a path toward Silas, whose bitter expression refused eye contact with Reef. "Look at his legs! Your drinking cost a lot more than our marriage. I'm not surprised the judge awarded me full rights. In fact, I'm surprised he didn't rip out your throat with his canines."
Reef put a hand to his neck. "You're doing a good enough job yourself." He leaned sideways to see Silas behind Frieda. "Silas, I never meant—"
"Save it for the news, Dad." Silas's last word clung to his lips like oven grime. "Find a pub to wallow in with your Good Guy buddies."
"But, Silas, they're lightweights."
Frieda took both children by the hand. "You failed your family. Go stick your new name and your Good Guy status elsewhere. Leave us alone." They stormed off as quickly as Silas's leg braces allowed.
Stick his Good Guy job? He should. He would have had no forced destiny if not for the Bad Guys, who prompted IP to create the Good Guys. He might otherwise have won back his family. He snarled and sent a fist reeling into a Roman-style pillar. Asinine was to blame for this. Asinine, that scum. Yes, that despicable scum. Without Asinine, he could have reclaimed his family. Without Asinine, that pillar wouldn't have snapped his knuckle.
Lightning scrabbled through the ebony sky behind Reef's family, who boarded Frieda's civilian transport. The civ-tran lifted off the parking lot and crackled away with twin thrusters whose shrinking lights gnawed at Reef as much as Frieda's searing eyes had.
His head sunken, though not to protect his eyes from the drenching rain, he wandered down the courthouse's steps. He trod ankle-deep into a puddle but didn't care. Nothing soaked past the waterproof shell of his boot except apparently cat urine.
He wandered down the lot. Didn't know where he'd end up. Didn't care. Frieda said he'd entered witness relocation to protect himself against the consequences of the accident he'd caused. Not true. He wished he could tell her—or even Legion—the real reason.
He plodded across a street. A civ-tran screeched to a halt and honked at him as if the driver had fallen dead on the horn. Maybe the driver cursed at him, but he wasn't listening.
He wracked a sob at the accident that had cost his son's legs. He had just returned home from a military tour not long before that accident, which was after his livid discharge from Intergalactic Protection. Following a bender one night—shot after shot of whiskey and bourbon until he'd lost count, something that could kill Jack Daniel himself—he'd blindly stumbled into his house and forced his son into a civ-tran to find a Frisbee somewhere. Neither of them liked Frisbee. He didn't even know where he'd find one. He vaguely recalled intending to use the civ-tran's tires. Who knew how he'd planned to pull that off, but somehow it involved throwing up all over them.
His son had resisted entering the civ-tran. After Reef had subjected him to a drunken barrage of insults about not being a man, Silas gave up. That was all it took for good ol' drunken Dad to convince his son of anything: chastisement.
Silas and Reef had swerved around for three blocks before Reef veered off the side of the liftway. He'd forgotten to engage the thrusters. Like a bowling ball plummeting onto a foot, the civ-tran plunged off the liftway. It was a write-off.
So were Silas's legs.
It so happened that Reef's civ-tran had knifed through a civ-tran carrying a powerful mob boss, Bravatos. Bravatos folded like an accordion. The whiplash protectors in Reef's transport had saved him and Silas, but it didn't save that crushed Bravatos.
With Reef's wife divorcing him, his kids disowning him, and Bravatos's good-for-nothing thugs hunting him, IP persuaded Reef to enter witness relocation, to switch his identity. They would need his hyperability in the future. They said they would have use for him. At least someone would, even if he himself didn't. He accepted IP's offer, vowing to stay dry. Between Bravatos's gang and his mother-in-law gunning for him, he needed witness relocation. More to avoid his mother-in-law. She had a wicked temper and a goiter the size of a cantaloupe.
Reef banged into a signpost, his reverie broken, his nose nearly broken. What the—oh. The signpost advertised that bar a few meters across a parking lot, Shots and Giggles. He checked the bar's windows. Lit. Maybe he'd ask for some ice for this busted knuckle until he returned home to apply healing putty. 
His hands began trembling, which reminded him he was also thirsty. But no alcohol. Right? None. That was what had wrecked his marriage, his son's legs, his life. That was what had gotten him in this Intergalactic Protection scheme he'd messed himself up in, and he didn't want to get any deeper. So no alcohol. He'd have a Choke Cola. Maybe a Cherry Choke even though it tasted like cough medicine. Power Plant raved about that stuff as much as he raved about raw meat.
The shakes came harder. The It. No, not that It. Not all Its were clowns.
He scraped his tongue to clear the imagined taste of beer. Clenched his teeth, clenched his eyes, clenched his body. No alcohol. He knew what he'd destroyed the last time he'd touched that stuff. He'd been beer for more th—He meant he'd been dry for more than three beers—years. Three years. He stifled the shakes inflicting his hands. So none of that poison.
He kept repeating that all the way to the door, thinking he might believe himself.
Chapter Four: My Brother's Reaper
Power Plant watched the medical transport lower to the ground near the main lobby of Station One, the Good Guys' moonsized headquarters. The med-tran's side was painted with official SIPMA colors, its hood bearing the SIPMA insignia and the words "Special Identity Protection Medical Act."
An eddy of dust swirled underneath the med-tran, which touched the asphalt next to that Fireball starship Power Plant kept riding over waterfalls. Good times. Not so good when he hit bottom, but it was good hearing Ace Spandex gripe about hosing off the grime, kelp, and mermaids. Drowning Master Asinine's goofy face on the Bad Guy insignia laser-painted over the starship's nose cone—a result of a marketing deal Power Plant had masterminded last month before finding out who he'd signed with—was rewarding, too.
Two nurses exited the med-tran and shuffled around to the back where the doors whooshed open. Power Plant's body electrified. Where was his big brother? Where? Where, where, where, why wasn't Mark exiting, how come candy tasted awesome—ouch, the sun in his eyes!
There Mark was! Immediately recognizable by his deep-red hair, Power Plant's older brother disembarked the dented med-tran and shook to his feet. He hobbled forward, still woozy from a two-month-long coma following Power Plant and Franchise's botched mission to the Bad Guys' headquarters. The nurses caught him before he fell over.
Mark's hulking, six-foot-four frame hadn't become any less imposing during his hospital stay. He still looked as brawny as a two-legged tank. He wore a cast on his left leg, and his right arm remained sling-glued against his chest. Both casts were due to dissolve in probably an hour or so. The injuries didn't seem to bother him anymore.
Power Plant scurried out of the chilly shadow of the lobby doors' awning and into the rich sun, first in bunny steps—"Mark, Mark"—then a jog—"Mark, Mark, Mark"—and finally a full-on sprint. "Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark Mark, you's awake!"
Power Plant's wire-thin frame jumbled into his brother and ricocheted off. Mark winced, but Power Plant knew it was a happy wince because he didn't catch on fire and light stuff up as his hyperability allowed. Blowing stuff up was always a special treat, almost as special as Power Plant's learning disabilities or red meat mixed with brown sugar. And if brown-sugar meat didn't exist, Power Plant would invent it. With a side of brown-sugar-and-peanut-butter garlic sauce.
"I gots so much stuffs ta tells you about, like the time I catched some guy on electricity and then the time I catched some guy on a starship hoods 'cause I ain't was watching which waterfall into I was flying." He gasped to inhale. "And plus Franchise dared I ate a bug."
"It's so good to see you." Mark's face blossomed with a gigantic grin, and he pulled Power Plant into a tight bear hug. He was a tad hotter than usual. He sniffled. "What smells like kelp?"
"Ya crushings me."
They separated, and Mark brushed aside a cherry lock that reddened in the sun. He raised a finger. "You behaved while I was gone?"
"Only caused maybe ten lawsuits. Or twenny. After I runs outta fingers, I lose counts. Don't worry. The lawyers keeped track."
A heavyset nurse approached with silver hair and a uniform that hadn't touched an iron in months. She looked sixtyish and about as fun as a toothache. Why must she interrupt Power Plant's time with his brother? "Are you Power Plant?"
"Yeah. Power Plant. That me." Didn't she watch the news? Only last week, he'd monkey-climbed a national monument on Gaia. If only he remembered which monument, because it had a face made of stone and he pretended to be its booger.
"You're Burnout's brother?" The nurse tapped her foot on the cracked asphalt. She examined him as if anticipating the motorcycle stunt he'd planned for Mark's evening. She couldn't know about the no-helmets-allowed catapulting contest, though. "Your brother will need a few days off"—fat chance—"because we're letting his body heal naturally from some of the injuries"—fat chance—"so he'll need plenty of bed rest"—fat chance—"no more than water and liquid foods for two days to ease his system back into regular food"—fat chance—"and especially no combat. That means no use of his hyperability." Fatty fat chances all around. As fat as the nurse and her stomach's fat lumps with a lump-shaped mouth that talked like her real one. In fact, which was the real mouth?
"Nah, can't happens. I enters him in a kung-fu tournaments."
Mark lightly squeezed Power Plant's shoulder and leaned in. "I don't know kung-fu."
"It simple. Lotsa kickin' other guys in the nuts. I shows ya how later if'n ya promise not to get mad and also if'n you bites down on something real hard."
"Women have rights in the military!" A chant from across the parking lot stole the conversation. Power Plant and Mark turned and spotted a lone woman slowly circling an invisible point. A datasheet on the top of a stick swayed in the warm wind. She hadn't written anything on it. It flapped loosely, colored in transparent red to signify it wasn't even on, unlike the oven in Power Plant and Mark's living quarters right now.
A few years ago, IP had taken man-fueled MaxSport as a sponsor. MaxSport then ordered that all women be demilitarized since an all-man military fit their image more and sold more products. After a vote, the deed was done. Very few that didn't make money off the deal agreed with it.
The nurse continued, her rolling stomach vibrating as much as her blah-blah blabbermouth. Power Plant watched the stomach talk instead of her. More entertaining, plus he felt as if he could squeeze in there for a good night's rest. "Concerning Burnout's civilian identity, the doctors at SIPMA have wiped their memories clean. Intergalactic Protection will receive the statement of surgeries and an invoice in the next few hours. But Burnout should be ready for duty by next week."
"And kung-fu tournaments by next minute." Power Plant grabbed the nurse's coarse hand and shook rigorously. "Thanks, Doc. Or is you a nurse? Crocks, I don't even knows if you a woman or a man."
"Language, Power Plant." Mark rested a foot on a grassy median.
"But nows we gotta go disobeys all them stuff ya just saids and I just ignoreds." Power Plant grabbed Mark's shoulders. "Mark, us, let's finds some troubles wit' stuff that people use for cooking."
"No real names in front of civilians." Mark glanced at the nurse.
"Okay. I calls ya Slinkster von Twisty." Power Plant bounded away from the nurse, whose stomach looked large enough to engulf a battleship. He raced toward the main lobby and skidded to a halt at the doors to wait for Mark.
Mark limped to reach his brother—the cast on his leg hindered him very little—and stopped Power Plant with a hand on his shoulder. He wore a smile as huge as a slice of honeydew. "Jeff, it's good to see you again."
"Call me Shotgun McDragon."
"The nurses are out of earshot and heading back to SIPMA." Like a storm cloud rumbling overhead, Mark's face darkened with a frown, the honeydew slice now missing. He angled his head downward, casting his face in shadow. "Jeff, I have to ask. What kinds of missions has Legion sent you on during my absence?"
Power Plant put his thinking finger to his chin. It often poked his eye, but he'd been practicing his finger-to-chin aim. Next week he'd practice his spoon-to-mouth aim and his spoon-to-Franchise's-face aim. "Um, he sendeds me on bank mission last week. Sendeds me on groceries mission week a'fore. And week a'fore dat, sen—"
"Those aren't missions. Those are errands."
"Okay, then he sendeds me on bank errand last week and a grocery—"
"Jeff, I need to know. Has he sent you on any dangerous missions? Have you been involved in any more crashes?"
"Name's Jeffy." Power Plant looked up at his taller brother, screening his eyes from the overhanging sun. "Yep. But if I gonna crashes stuff, Legion say I should crashes somewheres else and crashes other people's stuffs. But I can do double the crashin's and crashes stuff up here, too. It all about teamwork."
Mark's maroon eyes deepened a shade. He tensed as if ready to send a foot crunching through a nearby object. The only nearby object was Power Plant, so Power Plant backed away a step.
Mark's jaw shifted and glowed faintly orange. His pyrokinetic hyperability. "Look, Jeff, just...don't let him send you on missions that make you feel unsafe."
"Buts I feels safe crashin' into anything."
"Jeff." Mark looked as if he chose his words carefully. Thought hurt Power Plant, but on Mark it looked natural. Especially when smoke came out of his ears like now. "Jeff, that mission to the Bad Guys' space station that almost killed you. Legion failed to weigh the risks or to tell me he was sending you on that. He wasn't thinking, wasn't prepared. He neglected to provide you with a way to defend yourself in case you engaged in battle—"
"I always engages up on battle. Coolest kind of engage asides from a twelve-gauge. Twelve-gauges is cooler 'cause it's like a regular gauge times twelve."
Mark's hand was still on Power Plant's shoulder. It was the only part of Mark not radiating heat. Even Mark's clothes, not made from l tech, charred and almost sizzled off. Smoke escaped from under his collar. "Jeff, maybe you shouldn't trust him. He puts you in unnecessary risk. Just watch out. Tell me about everything he sends you on."
Mark scraped his shoe against the asphalt. His eyes smoldered like cooking oil spitting from a pan, but Power Plant had known Mark all his life and knew the anger was never directed at him. It was probably directed at those punks who'd shortened this season of Cosmonaut Chimp. Those guys deserved to burn.
"I'm serious, Jeff."
Power Plant nodded. "Okay. I will. I checks with you like how about a hundreds times—name's Jeffy—a'fore a mission. To sure myself a hundreds times over."
Mark watched him for a moment. Then his smile returned. The heat faded, and so did his skin's faint orange glow. "Good. Now, I've got a meeting with an IP med in an hour, but until then, I'm free. So never mind that liquid-food diet. Let's find something to eat. I've had hospital sauce pumped through my bloodstream for two months, and my taste buds need to get back to work." He put a hand on his brother's back. Both entered the lobby.
"Cool! Liquid's for sissies. Can we eats gamma rays?"
"I'm afraid the universe has room for only one Incredible Hulk."
Chapter Five: Private Musing
Mechanism's computer double-beeped, signifying that it had located something of interest. Then it shattered the peace of Mechanism's soft-lit quarters with a hysterical whooping siren. What deafening uselessness it driveled. Mechanism had so many "things of interest" that this could be that croquet set for which he had searched the expanses. He had almost given up on that croquet set. He liked its gold-lined handles, though.
Frankly, this "thing of interest" might have leaked out of Master Asinine's list into his. If only Mechanism had relocated his operations to the subbasement-level computers, where Master Asinine's affairs could not saturate his own with such lowly ignorance, he would need not tolerate notifications about trampoline helipads. Sure, they gave helicopters bounce, but those helicopters never lifted higher than twenty feet before smashing into the ground. Master Asinine had tried. More than a few times.
"Control, acknowledge. What is the reason for this alarm? And silence it." Infernal racket. Why he let this cacophony assault his godlike hearing, he would never know. Excellence must forever remain victim of the childish whims of Master Asinine's bargain-basement brain.
"The reason for the alarm is a source of great power has made itself known," the station's haunt control responded. Its claxon still cymbal-smashed his ears despite his earlier command.
Mechanism wore his seven-foot mechanical suit of armor that covered his body and provided him with an armament ranging from missiles to light-bullets, heat sensors to reinforced shielding. A perfect invention from a perfect mind trained by the perfect Frederick Snogsbottom. Under this suit's helmet, Mechanism raised an eyebrow. Great power? He pinched his cinnamon incense to snuff it. "Control, acknowledge. Show details of alarm on viewscreen."
A line drew itself across the horizon of his quarters' back wall. The line spanned seven feet, grew upward, and stopped at four feet tall. The rectangular viewscreen flickered on, data relating to this source of great power reeling across it.
A smirk curled Mechanism's lip. He put his robot-suited hand to his chin—oh, dread. Why must he always be wearing his helmet whenever he engaged in a session of devious chin-rubbing? He would slap his helmeted chin but would rather not mar its exquisite off-white craftsmanship. He chose not to dishonor its perfection.
"Incoming connection from entity Master Asinine," his helmet's gabber said. Speaking of dishonoring his perfection, here called the Deacon of Dishonor now.
"Gabber, acknowledge. Accept connection."
"Mechanism." As if under heavy unrest, the Deacon wheezed and grunted.
"Don't drop that one, sir!" Lieutenant IQ 23 said. Ah. Mechanism had wondered where floundered the Baron of Bungle.
"Mechanism, I'm practicing my sword-and-torch juggling act, and I need your services on a mission to the Good Guys' space station. Come to think of it, I don't know why I just told you about my juggling act."
"Sir, I'll add a wood lathe to the jumble."
"Good thinking, Lieutenant, but as much as I plead, don't throw it at my head this time. Ugh, this requires more concentration than coordinating both feet to walk at the same time." A clatter pealed through the gabber. Master Asinine no doubt sidestepped to avoid slicing himself apart with one of his playthings.
His hand to his face, Mechanism could not believe this ineptitude of the highest order. What a waste of time for him, Frederick Snogsbottom's greatest protégé. "Is the purpose of this mission another gelato excursion?"
"No, but why waste a good trip? We'll stop at Gelato Gorgery on the way. Phew, almost lost a sword there. And an arm. Anyway, meet us at The Bad Guy Starship. Sound good?"
"It sounds as though we are set to adventure on another farce."
"Then you understand the way I think. See you in ten."
"Lop off an arm, you primate," Mechanism wished aloud.
"Will do. Control, acknowledge. We're outie."
"Connection terminated by other user." The gabber's click concluded the conversation along with Mechanism's anguish.
What an imbecile Mechanism was forced to work under. He would soon take over this troop of idiots, wage his own galactic conquest, cleanse this galaxy, enslave its inhabitants, become its king, and open a tax-free savings account (not in that order). For now, however, the robot-suited genius must work under the radar. Divorcing himself from the Bad Guys to form his own faction would reveal his intentions. Not wise. Also, even though Master Asinine acted like a malcontent and his manpower was low, his resources were impressive. How better to steal his resources than from inside his very organization?
Yes. Cleanse. Through their unparalleled brainlessness during Mechanism's youth, that vile imbecile, Grub Floot, and his father, Flint, had affirmed the necessity for this galaxy's cleansing. Oh, how they had browbeaten Mechanism when he had worked at his father's robotics plant. For four years, he had endured their mismanaging stupidity, their absurd scorn. But in the end, thanks to the inaugural Mechanism suit, he won, and now they lay dead.
He would not let that imbecile Master Asinine rule him for long. Once he acquired this power source, he would draw one step closer to acquiring the Bad Guys.
And renaming them. They sounded as though an infant had titled them. And, in a way, one had.
Chapter Six: But the Second the Boss Comes for a Visit...
"We're approaching the Good Guys' space station, sir." In The Bad Guy Starship's cockpit, Lieutenant IQ 23 didn't turn from the pilot's computer that had absorbed him for the six-hour trip. "I'll ready the genetic transformer."
"Yes, we will rain genetic goopy death upon Legion and his hapless goons." Asinine didn't turn from the Beef Apricot Apocalypse arcade machine that had absorbed him since before he could remember: half an hour ago. Making pixelated meat salad was harder than he thought. "Also ready lunch."
* * *
Legion choked on his own breath as he watched a Trojan-class Flagstar starship settle to the parking lot asphalt a few meters away. Patton's mil-tran. Jitters always infected Legion's bones when an IP higher-up visited—especially one as decorated as Patton—but today his blood felt as if it coagulated in his veins.
Patton's mil-tran sat in the parking lot because the hangar bay remained sealed shut due to the haunt control's destruction. The mil-tran towered over the civ-trans like a hulking big brother, a big brother adorned with advertisements for anything from motor oil to feline laxatives. Legion couldn't have been less interested in purchasing Purrfect Constipation Remedy. Or the Freon-flavored cheese curls advertised on the mil-tran's nose cone. All cheese curls should give up and become chicken flavored as far as he was concerned since they all tasted like—
Ouch. His heart spiked like the needle on a heart-rate monitor. He quivered when he saw Patton exit the Flagstar and approach. Legion hadn't trembled this much since Kamikaze had awoken and ordered a time-bomb sandwich for lunch—which Legion happily supplied to occupy him for two hours and seventeen minutes (Kamikaze's lucky bomb setting).
Patton looked as honorable as when he'd asked Legion to lead the Good Guys, although Legion heard nowadays he was making better decisions. His chubby build drew nothing away from his stature. He strode with the posture of a man who not only demanded respect but drew it like gravity. His silver hair caught in the natural light from Genesis, Renovodomus's sun. His uniform jacket's breast, highly ornamented from decades of service, jingled like tiny bells, especially the medal he'd received for his service on Planet Santa.
Was Legion's uniform properly ironed? Were the awards on his breast precisely squared? Were his antennae drooping? Was his collar straight, his shirt tucked, his hair combed—wait, he was hairless—his fingernails trimmed, his—
"Lieutenant Colonel Legion, I trust all is well," Patton said in his jovial, grandfatherly voice. At some point, he'd reached Legion and now saluted. Legion cracked off his own salute, accidentally chopping himself in the eye.
Patton released his stance and smiled. A hand immediately went to his silver mustache, which he twisted between forefingers. His face showed wrinkles but also the experience that came with them.
"Everything's fine, sir. Tiptop shape." Really? Legion hoped. He knew something somewhere was amiss now that Power Plant was no longer grounded for inebriating the Good Guys' investor, Sir Hofnar, last week, but he couldn't admit that. Not here, not to Patton, no way.
"Good to hear." With an arm sweep, Patton indicated the lobby doors in the distance. Legion and he strolled toward them. They stepped over grass that peeked through the parking lot's asphalt.
Small talk. Legion needed to ease the situation, ease the worm in his gut. Come on, come on, Alaphus would provide something. Oh, advertising. He was afraid to raise the subject. Advertising in the military caused the organs in his stomach to reorganize. "How's your advertisement funding?"
"Fine, fine. Anagram cookie?" Patton reached into his pocket for a cellophane bag. "Our contract with Nutrafunk gave us these. Their nanotech nutrients help you rearrange letters in your head, and they have little raisins baked inside."
"No, thank you, sir. I'm lowering my nanotech intake and eating more regular-sounding food. The four basic food groups, you know. Vegetables and...and those other three."
"Oh." Patton lowered the bag of cookies and, with his other hand, offered a package. "In that case, stomach-planting cucumber-vine sponge cake?"
Changing the subject from parasitic foodstuffs..."Sir, what's this I hear about activists hitting IP? What was that about?"
Patton pinched the bridge of his nose but continued walking. "Don't remind me. A few days ago, somebody—we only assume it was an activist—detonated a chunk of our science wing. No idea how they got in or what we were keeping in there, but apparently some of the lab coats went into hysterics. Pocket protectors and mouth guards flying everywhere. I still don't hear the end of it, and it's been four days. They only left a short message: 'Respect the Hyperability Injunction before war affects us all.' You have any idea what that means?"
"Not a clue." Oh, no. They were headed toward the lobby, where Topsy and Turvy, the Good Guys' receptionists, manned the front desk. "What are your feelings on circuses, sir?"
"Not particularly good. Trapeze acts churn my stomach." He squeezed a revenge-seeking fist. "And lion tamers killed my pappy."
Yikes. Legion veered toward another door. Patton followed, one eye squinting in wonder. "Why can't we enter through the lobby?"
"Just a pair of photo-negative twins in a life-size game of pinball. I don't think you feel like being the paddle. We'll take the side entrance."
Legion approached a small door on the side of the building. There a woman paced with a picket datasheet hefted above her head. Her frizzy blonde hair danced in the breeze. Oh, not now. He'd heard these activists would protest the Good Guys as they had Intergalactic Protection. Looked like one had already started.
"Women deserve to be used...in the military," she said. Ouch! The voice squeaked one octave higher than comfortable.
"Not here, too." Patton stiffened his lips.
The protestor jumped at them and crammed her picket sign against Legion's face. "Yes, here, too. This, you militant bigot, is a protest. Your organization and everything under its umbrella have trampled on the ovary for far too long. Your reign of testosterone-dominated sexism will end." She poked Legion in the chin with her sign.
Legion slapped a hand over the mosquito-bite shock. He jerked away and examined the sign, which was blank.
"Trampled on the ovary?" Legion knew he shouldn't ask, but why ovary?
"My sisterhood will soon join me with activation codes for our datasheets so we can input protest slogans. Ones that rhyme." The protestor regarded Legion and Patton with an evil-eyed glare, proudly hoisted her blank sign, and continued pacing.
Legion examined the protestor with a crease in his eyebrow but spoke to Patton. "We're allowed to hire women since the Good Guys take funding from investors, not advertisers. That's caused a stir among rights organizations since we haven't hired any—yet." He shot that last word at the protestor, hoping she'd take the hint. She didn't. She did thwack Legion with her datasheet when she passed, though.
This protestor had a point. A valid one. MaxSport and IP had acted with complete sexism, and it was all for money. Legion had supported their side during the debate—and he'd be out here protesting with her if he could—but, ultimately, his voice wasn't enough. And now it had resulted in this: women were underemployed, underutilized, and underheard. Legion had a few service profiles from women on his desk right now, but the pressure IP would apply to him once he hired one torqued his nerves. They already pressured him enough over l-tech and sponsorship.
Legion offered the protestor an apologetic look as he and Patton slipped by her. They reached the door. Legion grabbed it by a grooved handle and, with a few muscle-burning yanks, wrenched it open. He allowed Patton to enter before following. They made their way to Legion's office on the top floor. Hopefully Power Plant hadn't reopened that portal into the dimension of Hell inside the office. No, really, it was an actual dimension, and Legion had a feeling most of the Good Guys were raised there. Everyone except Null, their perpetual coma patient. He seemed like an easygoing guy.
Legion's office door was already open, so he wouldn't have to pull another muscle to enter it. He stepped in, and Patton followed. Both took their seats at his desk. Patton examined the office, probably comparing it to his own office's greatness. He smiled at the flowery wallpaper with a favorable nod. "A vegetable garden motif. Nice choice."
"Thank you. I moved in last month. It doesn't hold a candle to yours, sir." And why should it? Patton had saved more lives than the Good Guys had inadvertently killed. Wait, that sounded bad. Patton had stopped more terrorist conspiracies than the Good Guys had inadvertently caused. Still not good. Patton had—Okay, Legion couldn't think of a way to put that nicely. "I didn't have a million moolahs to spend furnishing my office, but I made do. I used our pizza fund."
"Explains the color scheme," Patton said. He twisted his mustache between two fingers. "Anyway, I can tell you're busy, so I won't take much time. I know the Good Guys act as an independent entity, at least financially, but Intergalactic Protection still has jurisdiction over you guys. And a participating interest since we supply most of your equipment and you're under our medical plan."
"Yes, sir." Legion seized up. This felt like a bad time to mention that their equipment was leftover surplus IP couldn't pawn off at their Fourteenth Annual Charity Drive, Bake Sale, and Junkyard Jamboree.
Patton uncurled his mustache and fiddled with its other side. "I'm afraid that's why I'm here. Since Intergalactic Protection's reputation is at stake with the Good Guys—we oversee it, after all—and since we still pay your medical bills, we've kept a close eye. I see no problem with how you operate things, but the higher-ups...they have concerns."
Legion's stomach tied in a slipknot that would impress a sailor. His lunch almost ejected from his mouth, but he kept down the rotten berries and the poison ivy. Same with the rest of the mush the cookbots concocted, though his digestive system would soon reject it anyway.
"You see, Lieutenant Colonel, our projections originally indicated you would defeat the Bad Guys within a year after the launch of the Good Guys, and you would continue as a training ground for hyperability-endowed individuals as opposed to the non-hyperability-endowed Intergalactic Protection soldiers. The Bad Guys have so far operated for seventeen months, and though Lowensland's manpower has drastically shrunk, his area of operations has expanded, his identity as Master Asinine has gotten brasher, and his wig collection has grown crazier."
"Well, sir, the funding IP promised us got cut unexpectedly. Our equipment is subpar, and we can't afford to maintain any of our transports, especially the starships. And we can't open our hangar bay, so we're using only the starship Pincushion had out on training when the haunt control went down. Waging war against criminals is hard if they use superior weapons, equipment, and wigs. That's why we refuse to attack the Bad Guys on their turf even though we know their location. It's like bringing a knife to a gunfight. Or Franchise to any fight."
"Well, that's the next point. We've had no choice but to lower Good Guy support. Our advertisers are bulldozing us with pressure. They want you to give them ad space. The l tech companies especially, since word is out that you've expunged all l tech from Station One. They're losing a lot of sales because of that." Patton must have sensed Legion's coming objection, so he raised a finger, luckily not that one. "I know we initially offered to fund you if you extended our advertisement contracts onto Station One, but you opted for an investor. They can't stand that. They're offering a lot of money. And how can you pass up the baked goods?" He held up a crinkling package that contained a chocolate-chip muffin. "They're injected with youth hormones. Some of our generals just turned twelve for the second time."
Patton lowered the package. "Anyway, I'm not paying attention to the ad men. You have decent funding, so I see no problem. But Intergalactic Protection is hurting because our sponsors have dropped their funding by ten percent as a pressure tactic. So we've had no choice but to cut some funding from your team." Patton folded his hands in front of him, but, as if by compulsion, one hand found his mustache and curled it. "And what's this I hear about that incident with your haunt control?"
Legion's breath evaporated in his lungs. This was going as wonderfully as a suicide pact. "Self-defense, sir. Someone corrupted it, and Ace Spandex, our computer and communications expert, saw only one way to stop it. We're lucky to have a self-replenishing atmospheric bubble. Otherwise it would dry away and we'd have no breathable oxygen. And the haunt control was playing disco. I cannot abide that."
"I'm not talking about that. Rather, how could two Bad Guys just prance into the haunt-control room and take off with a prisoner? And a loud one at that. Schizophrenic is obnoxious."
A sheen of sweat made Legion's forehead itch. This meeting was dismal. To pull Legion out of this one, Alaphus needed to work double overtime. "I'm not sure what happened, sir. We found some strange bioscanner cloaking device in the haunt-control room. I mean, you know, Kamikaze...and the haunt control and something about a public address speaker and Power Plant's robots and—On a side note, have you watched the news broadcasts lately? I can't explain what Power Plant is thinking at any given moment, but the stock market experts have released studies based on his schedule. I can gabber the higher-ups and—"
Patton flapped a trivializing hand at Legion. "The higher-ups actually get a kick out of him. Everyone but public relations." He leaned forward and indicated for Legion to lean forward as well. "And just between you and me, Ambassador Charzeken's been begging for an atomic wedgie. Just didn't think Power Plant would take the word atomic literally." He leaned back, and one of his hands returned to his mustache.
"He's been practicing on Franchise for months."
"Where is that young lad anyway? I want to shake his hand for rattling those stuck-ups at the Military Oversight Committee. It's about time someone released a thousand weasels into their air ducts." Patton's eyes explored the office as if Power Plant were hiding behind the potted tree. "The animal rights advocates disagree, but screw 'em."
* * *
"Aha." Power Plant sprang from his seat and smacked his cards onto the round table. Fierce! His ninth win in a row! "Two o' those lovey-suit things and three club, and they's aaaalllllll aces."
His brother was meeting with that IP medical examiner. So, this past hour in one of Station One's side rooms, Power Plant had taught Ace Spandex, Kamikaze, Smithereens, and Harrier this new game he'd invented. He'd watched his winnings grow and everyone else's dwindle to scant pickings. He'd also watched their expressions grow more and more frustrated. He didn't know why they seemed so bothered, though. He simply had that lucky streak tonight, and he hadn't even cheated yet.
Kamikaze gawked at Power Plant's hand. "How can you possibly win everything when you still can't multiply by five? Forget this game." He tossed down all his cards but one. "I'm going to kill myself. Any help?" He sliced this last card along his wrist. Fruitless. A playing card wasn't a good implement of death unless swallowed. Power Plant knew firsthand.
Harrier set his stare from Power Plant to the table. "Jeffrey, I find it blooming difficult to best you in a game in which every card is an ace. I still have no bloody idea how you managed that royal flush earlier."
"It's probably a good idea he keeps winning. Wagering toenail clippings is disgusting. I should have known to stay far away from a game called Power Plant Poker." Ace Spandex snapped his bubblegum between his teeth and fitted his baseball cap backward on his head. Kamikaze still flicked the card along his wrist, so he snatched it away. "That's my card you're trying to bleed all over."
Smithereens rose from his chair. His chubby stomach kissed the table's edge. "Eh, buddies, my idea of fun isn't sittin' around the table playing this game. I need to practice explodin' stuff, eh." His weird drawl, like a Bostonian accent, colored his words. "Gotta keep those demolitions skills honed for the blown."
Kamikaze whipped out of his seat. "That's always the problem. Nothing's exploding me, especially up. Except maybe this radiator." He wrestled with the radiator panel to wrench it out of the air. That didn't work, so he put his mouth around it. "Licking rust makes you sick, right? Leave me here for thirty or forty hours and let's see what I die from. Ooh, start a pool. Put me down for tetanus."
The group's thanklessness stunned Power Plant. Trimming off this many toenail clippings had taken months! Next time he'd invite people who had no shred of social grace. Like those dogs on that poker painting. Anything that licked itself was bound to love this game.
Harrier stood. His chair collapsed and sank into an opening in the vinyl-tiled floor. His wings stretched to their eight-foot span and then refolded against his back. "I concede. I should have realized my futility when I had seventeen aces, and they were all spades." He tramped toward the door and heaved it open in irregular yanks.
Harrier finished with the door. Kamikaze followed, his chair folding into the floor as well. "I'm going to shoot myself and fall into the datasheet shredder." After him, Smithereens exited.
Ace Spandex stood. "Sorry, Jeff. I'm going to spend my time more meaningfully. There's some drying paint that needs watching." He tossed his cards onto the table. The image on one flickered between an ace of clubs and an ace of that suit Power Plant had invented but hadn't named. But it was the coolest suit of all: its icon was a steak.
"C'mon, c'mon, this is the funninest game!" Power Plant sprang up and rushed into the window-paneled hall after them. Harrier and Kamikaze had made it halfway to the end of the hall. Kamikaze hooted and slammed into a window that faced the parking lot. Little did he know they weren't easily breakable, so he couldn't slice off his arms with its shards. He wouldn't be crossing that goal off his checklist today.
Something pulled at Power Plant's hearing, only a buzzing in his ear canal that grew into a warble. It drew closer, singing in a low key. It sounded weird.
Power Plant knew Ace Spandex heard it, judging by the look Ace wore. He even stopped smack-chewing his bubblegum, which was good because, crock, that sounded irritating. And this coming from the guy who used toenail clippings as poker chips.
Kamikaze stopped following Harrier down the hall. He still rammed his helmeted head into the panel windows, though. Harrier had stopped too, but he was less interesting since he didn't murder himself daily after his morning tea.
Louder, louder, more overpowering, more unbearable the warbling grew until—holy ouch—it burrowed into Power Plant's ear drums like a tapeworm. He covered his head with his hands. His inner ears felt as if they were rupturing open. If this wasn't a colossal fruit bat, Power Plant was definitely withdrawing from the Ginormous Mammal of the Month Club.
Kamikaze found a door beside the windows that led outside. He exited and wandered under a shadow that cast the nearly empty parking lot in darkness. He stared at what hovered above, the warble thankfully dying. Power Plant's ears relaxed, and he removed his hands. His eardrums still throbbed, though, and a few brain cells had given up on life.
Must have been a military transport outside. Not merely a small mil-tran but a larger one, a starship. And it sounded too loud to be a Flagstar. It couldn't be anything in the Good Guys' fleet since the hangar bay's doors were stuck shut and Power Plant had booked their only available starship for a waterfall run tomorrow.
A brilliant spurt of jade light plowed into the ground, bursting pavement and bathing Kamikaze, who shielded his eyes. Weird that it broke the ground but not Kamikaze.
"Is he bein' beams up? Is he?" Power Plant hopped against the windows. Oh, cool. So enamored by the jade beam was he that light sparkled from his glowing fingers. His light-based hyperability sometimes shot random beams when he was excited.
Ace Spandex didn't dare draw his eyes away from the light show unfolding outside. "If he is, I hope he takes me with him. There's got to be something more entertaining up there than Power Plant Poker."
Kamikaze began glowing a faint yellow. Power Plant leaned closer and watched that suicidal nut's skin assume a lustrous texture—
And then Kamikaze melted into a puddle of goop? Holy freaking what the piss?
And why hadn't that happened to Power Plant? Oh, man, yes! "Melt inta a puddles o' skin? Don't minds if I do."
"What conversation were you having in your head just now?" Ace Spandex asked.
"PEOPLE OF THE FORTIETH SESQUICENTENNIAL COMIC STRIP CONVENTION." A voice erupted from a loudspeaker. It was so deafening that it crammed sound spikes into Power Plant's ears far spikier than the warble had.
"Sir, this isn't the comic strip convention," came another sky voice.
"Shenanigans, Lieutenant. What else can this possibly be?"
"The Good Guys' headquarters."
"Crock, we missed a stop." An annoyed huff. "Fine. On with the total coolness brought to them by the letters q and r and the number w. And try this salsa, Lieutenant. Tastes like a party in my mouth and everyone's invited. Well, everyone cool. The tomato bouncers had to kick out the rancid onion party crashers." The loudspeaker crackled. "GOOD GUYS AND GOOD GUY WANNABES, I AND MY BAD GUY WANNABES HAVE INSTALLED, ON THE BUTT CRACK OF THIS STARSHIP, A WEAPON SO DEVIOUS IT THREATENS TO DEVIATE ON THE VERY DEVIANCE UPON WHICH YOU SO DEVIATE. I really have to find out who deleted the d section of my dictionary because I have no idea what I'm saying.
"THIS WEAPON WILL SERVE AS YOUR AND YOUR SHOELACES' UNDOING. SO FORM A LINE TO THE LEFT OF THAT TREE. ANYONE WHO WANTS TO STAY DONE UP, JUST...WELL...ACTUALLY YOU HAVE NO CHOICE. That'll show those Good Guys who's the boss. Tony Danza. He's the boss. But I'm his deputy boss, Tony Junior. Now, emit the warning shot."
Another shot gouged the ground near the main lobby, chasing away the protestor at its doors. She screamed and scattered for shelter to avoid the beam that burst along the pavement.
Harrier's talon fingers skittered over his lips. "My word. That woman is snookered. That contraption will transform her into soup!" He wrenched open the door and scrambled into the parking lot.
Power Plant pressed his face against the window. "Man, wheres can I finds one o' those melty thingies? 'Cause that really take care o' the lines at the pettin' zoo." He checked Kamikaze's blob, just a puddle of tissue, black impact clothes, and a pilot's helmet. "An' it make soft-serve ice cream, too."
* * *
Harrier didn't bloody well need to take flight. He didn't even beat his wings, instead pressing his blooming feathers against his shoulder blades. He stumbled onto the parking lot and felt sunshine mix with the perspiration heat of his body.
Another beam botched a transport and gobsmacked its roof with an ear-wringing screech. Near it, the blooming protestor shrieked. She clambered away from the lobby. She gawked upward as if food would sodding drop, her frizzy blonde hair standing at attention. Lines of age across her face glowed green from the shine of the weapon charger aboard The Bad Guy Starship. Harrier dived for her. Blimey, he always ended up with the most clueless target, which meant he often found himself going toe to toe with whatever vacuum salespeople managed past Station One's defenses.
Oh, smashing. Another beam burrowed out of the weapon above. Harrier must have been off his trolley to attempt this. A rule of thumb crossed Harrier's mind: don't stand underneath anything Kamikaze was excited about.
He sacked the gormless gawker and rolled into a ball. Cold numbed his heel where the green beam massaged it. It felt like gelatin. Or maybe his heel was melting into soup. Or perhaps his sanity had tendered its resignation after this suicidal dive bomb he should have left strictly to the suicidal dive bomber that was, thankfully, now a puddle.
Harrier's skull zoomed at the pavement. He rolled to share the injury with less vital body parts. He hit—banged his blooming kneecap—slid on his right arm—crushed his gabber inside his ear—the gabber fell out. Thanks to his impact suit, no damage was serious, but he still felt hot with pain.
He held the protestor in a cocoon of wings and arms, the duffer's shrieking interrupted when she spat Harrier's feathers from her mouth. "You football-fueled oppressor," the protestor said when Harrier careened to a stop near—get this—a stop sign. She tore herself away, leaped back, dusted errant feathers from her clothes, and stomped the ground. "You male-dominated military egos all act alike. It shakes you so much that someone else is here to solve a problem, so you try to silence her with a repressive mad-dive-bomb-out-of-the-way-of-a-killer-death-ray tackle. Well, you'll have to try harder than that to mad-dive-bomb me out the way of a killer death ray. Except you just did." She jabbed a shirty finger at him. A finger or a red-hot fireplace poker, whatever she jabbed didn't matter. Actually, the difference would be noticeable. He caught his own drift anyway.
Another beam gouged the street, spitting apart the bloody pavement. Harrier scooped the protestor into his arms and slung her over a shoulder. "We must vacate this area, my dear."
"Hey, you testosterone-built Neanderthal, stop woman-handling me." This protestor's voice sounded so bloody high and thin that it attacked Harrier's ear drums. How he wished he could press his hands against his ears. He ignored her screams and her bantamweight fists on his back. He scrabbled off in a limp, but he couldn't ignore how she sank her teeth into his shoulder as if he were a meat sandwich. "Let me go, you caveman-educated bird beast!" Sodding crock, that hurt!
Something behind Harrier's shoulder rattled. The protestor's arm whipped forward with a small canister, her finger on the nozzle.
Pain in Harrier's eyes chomped with burning teeth. He turned his face from the canister's hot mist and yanked open the door to the hangar with his free hand, his talons scratching its metal-paned surface. "The sole difference between you and the insufferable Schizophrenic, you beastly cheeker, is at least his insults are approximate. And my eyes now feel the raw burning of a million stars."
Chapter Seven: Bodily Functions as Described by a Child
"Soon enough, the Good Guys won't know what hit them. Except I told them over the loudspeaker about five minutes ago. Stupid loudspeaker, always revealing my plans."
Master Asinine peered down at the parking lot. More accurately, he tried but couldn't get a decent angle except to spot all those parked transports he wanted to flatten with this starship. Because they were Virillian made. Only suckers bought Virillian transports.
He stretched out his arm to examine the masterful shine that danced along his leisure suit's weave. Ahhh. Why didn't anyone wear blindingly shiny polyester anymore? "Lieutenant, point this starship downward so I may have a better view."
"Sir, we've talked about how gravity works. We can't just tilt the starship any which way."
"Oh, forget gravity. It never knows what it's doing. I need to see which of these Good Guys are pee-peeing and poo-pooing in their diapers. And if they don't wear diapers, I guess my Halloween costume at last year's party was a tad inaccurate."
"You nevertheless avoided having to leave your primo barstool that night, sir." Lieutenant IQ 23 stepped back from the viewscreens that littered the starship's windshield, those supervising various shots of the ground below and one that showed Asinine's game of Battle Chess 4000. Outdated, and yet when would science get on those monster rooks the game had been promising since, like, forever?
Asinine clomped toward the viewscreens. Fine. He'd watch the Good Guys' waste functions through these. He studied each viewscreen, sipping from the Colossal Gulp he and the Bad Guys had picked up at the Stop 'n' Buy Your Crap. Strawberry-and-pistachio flavor.
Though the Bad Guy generics, those nameless, red-shirted goons he used for meaningless tasks, had dwindled to scant numbers after the assault on their station last October, Asinine had decided to launch this direct counterattack. Direct counterattacks were unwise with the Bad Guys' small well of manpower, but Asinine was an unwise dude.
Hmm. No one dotted the parking lot below. The Good Guys refused to exit the precious safety of their towers and buildings. They refused to quake in their boots. They refused to pee-pee and poo-poo in whatever alternative to diapers they used. "So those Good Guys won't listen. Perhaps we should show them we mean business. First, turn on our deep-monitoring viewscreens. I want to know what's happening inside their buildings. Next, grab the portable gene doohickeys and inform Schizophrenic not to point his at me. Last, sew a cape to this leisure suit. All leisure suits need capes." He raised his Colossal Gulp's straw to his mouth but missed and stabbed himself in the eye.
Something dinged. Ooh, their burritos were ready. "To the microwave!"
Chapter Eight: Home Disadvantage
The whine of the starship's engines resumed. Power Plant still peered outside through the hallway's wall-panel windows, but he couldn't tell what was happening. It sounded as if a large cargo hold had opened.
"What's they doing? They gonna pour slime on us? I watched that show. Ain't no ones say, 'I dunno.'"
Columns of laser rope dropped, dangled to the asphalt outside. Four columns. Power Plant stepped back. What ultra-ridiculous plan was Asinine hatching? Speaking of hatching, Power Plant could go for an egg right now.
The laser ropes flicked against the ground in the light breeze. Seconds of motion ticked by. A minute. Two. Nothing happened. Huh. Power Plant almost lost interest but then noticed the laser ropes twitch more spasmodically.
Bad Guys! Schizophrenic descended the left column of rope, wielding a strange cannon. The Bad Guy chief of security's huge boots slammed onto the asphalt. Plaster dropped on the far right, holding a cannon of his own. Next to him descended the ever-silent Virillian Braindead, Asinine's head bodyguard. Next to him...nobody? No, wait. A raspy scream, faint but drawing closer, closer—BANG! Multipurpose smacked into the asphalt. The rolls of his Bulbosoid fat fluttered over him and settled like a parachute.
The two-headed Schizophrenic advanced on Power Plant, his sardonic left head, Lefty, showing bitter glee. His tree-trunk legs hulked with each step. The menacing Lefty glared through the cannon's targeting sight. The space cadet Righty grinned goofily.
"Holy crock, th-they're armed. Guns!" Sickly pale, Ace Spandex bolted away and smacked into Power Plant. They bowled into a skinny pedestal that held a pot of wilted flowers. Ace, always deathly frightened of guns. His personnel file said a malfunctioning security system had gunned down his family, which left him with a deep dread of anything that shot something other than foam darts.
Schizophrenic aimed his cannon. A brilliant flood of jade light burst through a window and blasted a hole through the wall where Power Plant had stood.
"Out of the way!" Ace Spandex hopped up, sprinted toward the end of the hall, and knocked past Smithereens and into a door. He slipped but scampered up and clawed the door with powder-white fingers. "He's h-holding a gun!"
Schizophrenic stomped toward the jagged hole of the window he'd blasted and then strode through. Plaster and Braindead fanned out in opposite directions. Multipurpose remained facedown on the ground where the sunlight reflected off a sheen of sweat that probably gave off that trout-smelling je ne sais quoi.
Ace Spandex and Smithereens forced open the sliding door. Smithereens stepped forward, but Ace crazily elbowed past and lunged through first. Smithereens recovered and called to Power Plant, "Eh, buddy, let's go." His mustache twitched with each syllable. "Buddy, we gotta go before Schizo blows the show. Now."
Power Plant blasted airborne with a smoky cloud and took flight. He dived through the door, and Smithereens followed. Once through, Ace Spandex struggled to wrestle the door shut. The gears inside its mechanism shrieked, but Ace was winning. Smithereens joined him in the fight.
"Jeff?" a familiar voice said.
Mark, back from his meeting! He limped toward them, now wearing his red-and-orange impact duds. His cast made his left knee unbendable. "Aside from melting Kamikaze to sauce, what ugly carnival tricks does Asinine have up his sleeve?"
"H-help us shut this door before Schizophrenic barges through with his cannon. Hurry!" Ace Spandex's sweaty hand slipped against the door he tried to force shut. He lost friction and banged his chin with a hollow chong.
Schizophrenic clomped closer through the hall, each footstep an echoing boom. "Come out here and face the end of my happy maker, you toad warts." Lefty's hand slapped against the barrel of that body-melting cannon.
"That ain't makin's nobodies happy," Power Plant said.
Schizophrenic shrugged. "Makes me happy." He swung the cannon up and fired a jade blast, but Ace Spandex and Smithereens finally wedged the door shut.
Mark tore through his arm's sling. He grabbed Power Plant and yanked him out of harm's way, missing the blast that butchered through the door and sailed past them.
* * *
The Bad Guys, here. Not today of all days. Not on the day Patton visited. Legion dashed toward his office window. Lowensland's voice had given off that evil spark, and if that madman were lowering his killbot-operated theme park onto their station, Legion would string his intestines through the Tunnel of Loving You to Death.
Legion already saw his esteem in Patton's eyes dwindle as though honor were tangible and his were rusting away. He wiped the sweat from his forehead. Through the window, he saw that hulking Bad Guy Starship Lowensland used and, by what Legion guessed of the smoke trails in the sky, never brought in for its emissions test.
Patton approached the window for a look. "Lieutenant Colonel, who's talking? Is that the giant viewscreen of Lowensland you throw suction darts at?"
"I wish, sir. No, Lowensland is here." Legion ground his teeth, hearing in his head Sopher's fatal gunshot. It echoed wildly off the walls of his skull as if blasting through his brain. He had vowed, long ago, to make Lowensland pay terribly for murdering their mutual friend, Sopher. That acidic feeling ate through his thoughts.
The worst part was that Sopher's death was Legion's fault. When alarm sirens had howled in IP's main hangar, Legion had needed to return to his living quarters to grab the sidearm he'd forgotten. He then sprinted to the disturbance—only to witness his ex-friend and ex-platoonmate Lowensland bury a bullet in Sopher's face and escape in a stolen starship. Legion's mind burned whenever he remembered Lowensland's horrendous betrayal. Sopher had died alone. Legion's lack of readiness had killed him.
Legion faced Patton, who stood by the desk and twisted his mustache. "Lowensland's ordering everyone into a lineup, and he's barking orders through a public address viewscreen spread across his windshield. Again. That megalomaniacal idiot should just buy his own broadcast station and be done with it."
"And your intruder alarm is down?"
"It's tied to the haunt control. That doesn't explain why we didn't hear the Bad Guys' clown car horn. It plays 'Shave and a Haircut.'"
"Two bits." Patton unbuttoned his myrtle-colored military jacket and grabbed a pistol that hid under its left flap. He motioned for Legion to follow him out of the office. "Show me where to find your artillery." His mouth glinted with the ember of a smile. "Time to show that turncoat not to mess with a military man."
"The artillery is in another building." Legion opened a desk drawer and grabbed his Marsek. He checked the thick, lit line of the charge indicator along its side. Full. As always. Since Sopher's death, he always kept his Marsek ready. He joined Patton on the other side of the desk, and both marched out of the office to the airfoil.
"I have to get up there." Legion gestured at the ceiling, at The Bad Guy Starship, with his Marsek. "I have to stop that despicable tyrant." Legion couldn't believe he once called that defector a friend.
"Calm yourself. Remember your anger will get you into trouble." Patton halted and took Legion by the shoulder. "Besides, that's not a tactical advantage. You're needed down here to lead. Someone should go, but you shouldn't."
Legion turned to Patton. Patton always knew best. "Fine." He tapped his gabber. "Gabber, acknowledge. Contact all active Good Guy entities."
The gabber's mouthpiece and earpiece extended out close enough for Legion to taste its aluminum. "Connection to entities Ace Spandex, Burnout, Franchise, Momentum, Null, Pincushion, Power Plant, and Smithereens attained. Entity Harrier is unreachable. Entity Reef is off station. Entity Kamikaze is a pile of mush."
Legion pinched the mouthpiece closer. "I'll be quick, everyone. As you realize, we have a situation."
"You bets we gots a situation," Power Plant said into the gabber. "Yesterday Kamikaze eated all my couch cushions. He said was tryin' to inflates his stomachal."
"Not that situation, Jeff. We have one with the Bad Guys."
"They's eated all my couch cushions too?"
"Power Plant, brother, let the man speak." That was Pincushion, recognizable from his deep-as-a-cavern voice. He'd taken to calling people "brother" after getting comfortable with the team. Some old diction from his youth spent in homelessness.
"Listen, I'm coming up with a plan. But, for now, everyone is to stay inside. I'll get back to you soon. Gabber, acknowledge. Cut connection."
"HEY-O!" Lowensland's voice rumbled through his loudspeaker. Legion winced. What a monster. Or, as Lowensland had once called himself, monsteur. The stupidity filters would have blocked that grandiose sideshow's voice if the haunt control had been operating. "LEGION, COME OUTSIDE, YOU OLD...UH...LEGION."
"Excellent use of a circular reference, sir," Lowensland's insipid lieutenant said. "It really drives home the fact that his name is Legion."
"LEGION, I'LL MAKE YOU A DEAL BECAUSE I'M GENEROUS. IF YOU COME OUT FROM YOUR OFFICE, I'LL SPARE EVERYONE ON BOARD THIS STATION. IF NOT, I'LL BLAST HOLES THROUGH YOUR LOBBY BUILDING UNTIL I DISSOLVE YOU INTO SO MUCH MUSH I COULD DRINK YOU FOR DINNER. BUT NOT REALLY BECAUSE I'VE ALREADY GOT A NICE SPINACH CASSEROLE COOKING IN THE LAUNDRY MACHINE. BUT, SERIOUSLY, I COULD IF I WANTED. IT'S AWESOME BEING ME."
What? Legion hadn't stepped outside since the Bad Guys had arrived. How could Lowensland know where he was? He checked Patton and hoped the two could answer that through wordless communication. The answer was too obvious. "With the haunt control down, our scan shields are off. Lowensland can see into our buildings." He banged his head on a wall.
Jade light punched a hole through the ceiling and into the floor. Legion leaped back and into a stained hallway couch. "What in the planetary mecca was that?"
"OOPS. SORRY. WARNING SHOT. A LITTLE TRIGGER HAPPY AROUND NEW TOYS, YOU SEE. HEH. WHAT CAN I SAY? I'M A BORN BUTTON PUSHER. EXPLAINS WHY MY IDENTITY CARD LISTS MY NAME AS 'SYSTEM ERROR. PLEASE REBOOT.'"
Legion sprang off the couch and led the way toward the airfoil. "We need to reach the armory, sir. We'll be safe there. It's as fortified as a bomb shelter to keep Power Plant out. I figured it would keep him from detonating anything. No, it didn't."
* * *
Burnout glanced back from the boom that thundered the sliding door: Schizophrenic trying to bust through. The fire wielder pressed his hands on the door, his palms heating to a passionate intensity. He traced his fingers along the door's edges to weld it shut. Now this hallway remained well guarded, though the hole Schizophrenic's gun had blown through the door was still bare. Schizophrenic needed to blast only a few more holes and even his two-headed elephantine musculature would fit through. Maybe not his ego, though.
Burnout rotated his still-injured arm. Doctor's orders had said to leave it in the cast, but his brother needed his protection. Besides, the injury no longer hurt much. His leg, also still set in its cast, felt okay, too.
"Incoming connection from entity Legion," his gabber said.
Another? Ugh. Burnout's trust in the Good Guy leader had nosedived since Power Plant's watchdog mission in October. "Gabber, acknowledge. Accept incoming connection grudgingly."
"Connection accepted and Legion told to suck it." His gabber extended its mouthpiece and earpiece.
"Everyone, it's me again. I'll be quick." Legion issued a nervous cough. "Lowensland is spying on us, every move we make. The advantage is his right now. We need to be able to move around unwatched, so we need to shut down the systems in his starship. Ace—"
"Wh-what? What do you want?" A stark-white Ace Spandex snapped away from the silvery door through which he watched Schizophrenic. He stared ahead blankly and flinched when Schizophrenic smashed into the door again.
The unshaven Lefty popped through the hole up to his jawline, a toothpick bobbing in his teeth. "Man up and come out here, you fluffy half pisses. I'd like your skulls to meet something, and it's got knuckles."
Power Plant said, "But my skull a'ready mets your boot once."
Smithereens gently laid a hand on Power Plant's shoulder. The wrinkles of his face drew shady lines in the overcast light. "Eh, buddy, I wouldn't incite the fight."
Legion interjected into the gabber. "Everyone, ignore Lefty. Most of his threats are actually directed at the other head."
Lefty snatched at them through the hole in the door. "Hey, did you hear the one about how I liquefied your brain into genetic stew because you were digging the screws into my last freaking nerve?"
"Th-that threat wasn't!" Ace Spandex spat into his gabber.
"Actually, I'm still convinced it was. Anyway, Ace, I need you to get aboard The Bad Guy Starship. I need you to disable whatever they're using to spy on us. Only you know what to look for."
"Me?" Ace Spandex's hand flinched to his ear as if to grab his gabber and fling it across the hallway. He faltered against the wall with a palm on his forehead. "Th-they're armed with cannons. It's a g-gun on steroids!" Ace Spandex whipped a finger at the window. "There's no way I'm going outside and letting that thing transform me into pink custard."
"Are so letting it transform you into punk custard. Then I'm transforming the rest of you into pink custard and finding out who I can force-feed down Multipurpose's gigantic Bulbosoid food pipe, you all-you-can-eat buffets." Lefty slammed the heel of his palm against the door. "You hear me? You're—Aw, piss. I dropped my toothpick."
"Ain't pink custards. It's more likes red." Power Plant was pressed against a panel window, examining the puddle of Kamikaze that sweltered in the sun outside.
"Eh, buddies, we ought to get to escaping." Smithereens hastened toward the other end of the hallway. He jerked the door open and waited as though expecting the others to follow.
Power Plant piped up. "Not evens custard. Kam'kaze look like some kinds o' bloody salsa."
Burnout rushed toward Power Plant and pried him from the window. "Not a safe place to stand, Jeff."
"Name's Jeffy."
"You hear that, Legion?" Ace Spandex sprang away from the wall and accidentally knocked Burnout aside. "Bloody salsa. Bloody. I'm a communication expert, not a condiment."
"We're making you guys into salsa?" Righty squealed and clapped his hands. "I can put you on my nachos."
"Ace, we need you up there," Legion said. "I'm sorry, but only you know how to deactivate whatever he's using to scan us. Power Plant will accompany you as protection."
"Power Plant? My protection against their"—Ace winced as if the next word stabbed his gut—"g-guns is Power Plant? He plants trees in the gym's shower stalls. The guy who gardens our drainpipes is my protection?"
"Lucky yous," Power Plant said. "Bad lucky, but still lucky."
Burnout smacked a palm into a window. "Legion, don't you dare even think about sending my brother up into that deathtrap."
"He already thinked it." Power Plant scrambled toward the door. "Let's go. Dibs on puttin' my mouth under the ice creams spout at the Bad Guy sundae bar."
Burnout covered his gabber's mouthpiece. "No sundae bar, Jeff. You keep mistaking the refrigerant valve on the coolant tank for an ice cream spout, and I've run out of excuses for why you smell like mercury." He uncovered the mouthpiece. "There is no way you're sending Jeff. You want a target for your sick emergency? You send me."
Power Plant clicked his tongue. "Aw, buts Mark, the only place Legion let me a'splode anything is around Bad Guy stuffs."
"He's not going, Legion." Burnout's eyes smoldered. His gabber's earpiece stem drooped from the fiery heat he exhaled in his stewing rage. "I am."
"I don't care who you send. I'm going to melt someone to salsa." Schizophrenic rattled the door again. A gear dislodged somewhere inside the wall and clattered around.
"Can I make an observation?" Ace Spandex held up a hand. "You told us to stay inside, Legion. The last one of us who set foot outside dissolved into a steaming pile of Kamikaze. And even if going outside weren't dangerous, how can we get past Mr. These Boots Are Made for Walking?" He jerked his chin at Schizophrenic, who slammed his boot into the door. "They...have...guns, Legion. Cannony guns."
"Fine." Legion sighed. "Take Burnout aboard that starship and shut down whatever you can. Just don't cause him to crash into us, because he keeps his termite farms on that beast, and we can't afford another fumigation. Gabber, acknowledge. Cut connection."
Burnout checked the panel windows along the length of the hallway. He punted one as a stress test, and it jangled in its frame. Weak. Good. He grabbed an end table and heaved it over his head.
"Is we breakin's stuffs?" Power Plant leaped at Burnout. "Can I helps?" He hopped around the hallway, checking for something to pick up. He smacked into a wall-mounted shelf and tripped onto the floor.
"Get in that starship?" Ace Spandex knocked a palm against his forehead with every word: "Why—why—why—me?"
Burnout hurled the end table into the window. A blizzard of glass sprayed the asphalt outside. Burnout kicked out the few shards still embedded in the frame and climbed through. He held an open palm up at Power Plant, who had shot to his feet to follow. "Jeff, stay here with Smith. Promise me you won't follow me out."
Smithereens hustled to Power Plant and grabbed his arm to persuade him away from the shattered window. The young agent resisted Smithereens's pull, jaw agape like whenever Burnout grounded him for using nuclear devices.
Power Plant's cheek twitched. "But, Mark, you's just gots back." Fighting a tear—and losing—he squeezed his hands around Burnout's wrist. "Please don' leave. Don' go gettin' almost killeds again." His sparkle of life melted.
Burnout's heart shattered like Kamikaze that one time the nutcase ran through a shower of liquid nitrogen. He searched his brother's sorrowful eyes, his throat swelling. "I'm sorry, big guy. I don't want to go, but I have to. I can't let Asinine turn you into salsa. I'll be back. I promise."
Power Plant examined the floor where shards of glass speckled it. He sniffled and nodded. "Yeah. 'Kay. I stays." He let go of Burnout's wrist. "I go to the food court an' eats salsa."
"Good. Listen to Smith. He'll lead you out of here. And grab some healing putty. That shelf left a nasty bruise on your forehead." Burnout stepped away from the window. "Gabber, acknowledge. Convert to public address mode."
Chapter Nine: Meanwhile, aboard the Poppycockpit
Master Asinine pinched his cheek, gazing ruefully into a mirror viewscreen. Ugh. "Lieutenant, fetch me my acne pump. I'll siphon this sucker out if it's the last thing I do."
He spun from the cockpit's viewscreen and whipped his polyester-clad hand around. But he caught his thumb on the water pistol at his belt. Good thing he missed the trigger, or his toes would have been history: the pistol was loaded with sulfuric acid. Grape flavored, though, so a squirt did the trick whenever he felt thirsty or wanted to melt his head.
He marched toward IQ 23, patting the sticker on his leisure-suited chest that read, "Hello, My Name Is Tony Junior." Good. It was finally sticking, unlike the others whose adhesives he'd licked liberally.
"So, Lieutenant, what's our next move? I believe we're on page ninety-two."
Lieutenant IQ 23 was already perusing the datasheet that stored Asinine's fifteen-hundred-page master plan, the Opus Operandi. "Well, page ninety-two says step one hundred twenty-one is to dive-bomb the Good Guys and destroy them the likes of which they have never been destroyed. But, sir, we haven't fulfilled steps four through one hundred twenty. And might I add that steps one hundred twenty-two through forty-eight thousand become superfluous when you consider that dive-bombing the Good Guys will likely kill them. And us."
Asinine stared vapidly in thought and tapped his foot on the cobblestone-shaped metal tiles. "So you'll stop second-guessing my master plans, you say? Intriguing idea. Set a course for their water, Lieutenant. We'll start by dive-bombing that."
Lieutenant IQ 23 tapped the datasheet's deactivation icon. It tinted from cloudy white to red and lost its rigidity. "Sir, their water reserve is stored underground."
"Mere geography, my dear lieutenant. Mere geography."
"MASTER ASININE." That voice shot into the cockpit with enough force to rattle the windows. "THIS IS BURNOUT OF THE GOOD GUYS. I AND ACE SPANDEX WOULD LIKE TO COME ABOARD AND DISCUSS THIS ATTACK LIKE TWO REASONABLE ADULTS AND ONE COMPLETE MORON."
"They know me too well." Asinine smiled. Now, to think this over. The Good Guys presented a freebie: two unwitting prisoners. Asinine would have more leverage if things got hairy. And one of those Good Guys could give him a back rub. Oh, his tender shoulders. Decision made. "Lieutenant, allow them to board. Prepare the tractor beam."
"But we have the Good Guys right where we want them, sir. There's no strategic advantage to letting them come aboard. I suggest we think this through."
"Never!"
"And, sir, we uninstalled the tractor beam after you said dragging tractors behind our starship made scary noises."
"Then prepare the airfoil. Control, acknowledge. Activate public address system." He cleared his throat, which probably sounded like an ogre's grumbling stomach to those below. Good. That'd give those do-gooders the impression that he employed hungry ogres. "REQUEST ACCEPTED. WE'LL DROP AN AIRFOIL FOR YOU TO RIDE UP IN. Control, acknowledge. Deactivate public address system."
A smile peeled across his face, and a scheming squint glinted in his eyes. He rubbed his hands together. "Gabber, acknowledge. Contact entity Ice Cream Headache."
"Contacting entity Ice Cream Headache. Connection attained."
"Ah, my favorite dessert-related thug. How is everything?"
Ice Cream Headache's soft voice came across as plain as day. She must have had a finger in her mouth because her words weren't exactly as plain as day. "Well, now that you ask, I'm experiencing this pain in my tooth and—"
"Ah, you thought I cared and that's funny. Anyway, listen. I'm bringing aboard two Good Guys. They think they're coming up to chat about my gene doohickey, but I've got other plans in store." He let a quiet chuckle slither out of his thin lips.
Ice Cream Headache said, "Another tournament of Chinese checkers?"
Asinine cut himself off in midchuckle. "Hey. You know I refuse to play that game anymore. I keep choking on the marbles. Anyway, meet our guests in the Beam Up to Awesomeness Room."
"We don't have a Beam Up to Awesomeness Room."
What? He fell against the cockpit's computer bank. "Seriously? Then what's that room where we let everyone beam up? You know, to awesomeness."
"You mean the airlock?"
He snapped his fingers. "Yes, where we lock the air. Meet them there, and bring them to me. Gabber, acknowledge. Cut connection."
He resumed his chuckle. "Yes. Those Good Guys are helpless to prevent me from finally destroying them. In fact, they won't even know the meaning of the word prevent. We'll learn the meaning together." He stepped forward but tripped over the cape stitched to his leisure suit's shoulders. "Holy crock, these capes aren't all they're cracked up to be."
Chapter Ten: A Friendly Exchange of Words
Harrier backed further into the room. He released the protestor, who he had now named Sodding Pepper Spray in the Eyes after circumstances he'd not repeat. Pepper for short.
Pepper slid her small canister back into her pocket, probably for easy reach in case Harrier saved her life again. That would be after Harrier's blooming sight cleared. Red splotches knackered his vision right now. Red colored the hall, it colored the doors, it colored the carpet, it even colored the wall hangings. Actually, the wall hangings were red, but Power Plant hadn't yet smeared cranberry juice over the rest of the area.
But control had been arsed. Harrier's cold trembles reached into the nethers of his body. He could discern only shapes and blobs, and therefore his effectiveness was down the pan. Management over this situation, the key to resolving it, had vanished. He felt as if he'd lost a piece of armor or a limb. He had to calm down. Breathe...breathe.
The Pepper splotch crossed her arms and tapped her foot. Her splotchy twin, one that Harrier's nobbled double vision conjured up, mimicked her. "So what's your next attempt, bird beast? Or have you finished making moves on me?" She looked away and said in her high-pitched voice, "You military grunts. You're all the same brand of cattle."
Harrier sat, finding that his chair was actually a collection of cleaning supplies. He cradled his forehead in his hand. He worked as a field leader with the Good Guys. Why must he put up with this tart? He tried to blink away the stinging dryness from his tender eyes. No such luck. "Madam, first and foremost, if I were 'making moves' on you, you would not have been bleeding cognizant enough to spray me." Because he was clumsy at courting. But he left out that part. "Second and second-most, authority over this situation is our number-one asset, that which enables us to manipulate factors and, therefore, succeed in battle. Armies fail without it. And it is knackered, thanks to your heavy-handed brashness."
"My heavy-handed brashness says, 'You're welcome.'"
"And, last and last-most, I realize you are simply trying to amend a sexist act, and I applaud you for that. But if you continue your scorned princess act, I shall leave you to your ill fate."
Pepper snorted. "You would like me to get sick, bird beast."
Harrier bolted to his feet at her. "Yes, that would be ideal after you unwittingly flushed our chances of survival down the proverbial loo. Perhaps you should contract a skin-devouring disease and rot away organ by bleeding organ. Kamikaze could provide tips. And my media name is Harrier, not bird beast."
"Hey." A red splotch waved from the corner of Harrier's vision. "I'm over here."
Oh. Harrier had scalded the door. He faced the real Pepper. "And the same goes for you as for the door, though the door deserves a punishment no less severe."
Pepper whipped around, a narky exhalation as proof that she couldn't stand the sight of Harrier. By coincidence, Harrier couldn't stand the sight of that nutter either. As luck and pepper spray would have it, he didn't have to. In his barmy vision, she resembled that door. Maybe she did look like a door. All Harrier recalled of her was her bollock-brained expression when she stared up the barrel of Master Asinine's soup maker. He sure wished he could twist off her doorknob. Being angry with her would be easier if she didn't make such a blooming good point about the demilitarization of women, though. And since women were cut from service, military effectiveness had dropped a whopping 34 percent.
"I'm just trying to represent women. Your male-soaked military committed an egregious wrong, and I'm here to right it. But, like a pig fiend, you come in and tackle me to stop me, bird beast!" squeaked Pepper.
"And you, madam, are a man-eater with contradictory insults."
Another wave from a splotch at Harrier's left. "Try to keep track of me."
Chapter Eleven: Knock, Knock
Power Plant found it difficult to block out Schizophrenic's pounding on the damaged door. That door would surprise him if it held any longer since he'd been working for weeks on blasting it down. Just for fun. Then again, Schizophrenic's block fists looked more than sizable enough to finish the job, rip apart the doorframe, tear down the building, and kill a few dinosaurs later on.
Mark had just returned from the hospital. Power Plant hadn't seen him in weeks. Then, minutes ago, he'd left for The Bad Guy Starship. Risking his life once more. How could he leave again? Every time the Bad Guys showed up, every time Mark ran off, Power Plant felt a gnawing grind in his belly that his older brother wouldn't return. Would Mark land in another coma this time? Or worse?
Power Plant picked up one of the end table's smashed leg fragments and stabbed at Schizophrenic through the door's hole. Stupid two-headed freak and his friends forcing his brother to leave again. He poked harder.
"Eh, buddy." Smithereens raised a cautionary hand. "You, eh, might want to stand clear of the door, buddy. You don't want to provoke for poking an eye out."
"Tha's whats I trying to do: provoke poke." Power Plant's voice fluttered with the thought of his older brother aboard that titan-class starship. He jabbed harder.
"Buddy, I mean you'll lean in too close and provoke the poke your own out, eh."
"Don't matter. Never matter a'fore." By now his jabs were thrusts.
Schizophrenic's cannon blasted through the door again, green energy hammering a hole into the door further down the hall. Whoa. That thing...so cool. If you weren't careful, you could use it to blow up so much stuff. For instance, everything.
That last blast had come too close. Power Plant's vision swam from the flash or perhaps last night's syrup-and-oven-grease pizza. It didn't swim enough. He still made out Schizophrenic's ugly grin. Still better than the backside view he'd gotten when Schizophrenic had turned around.
Schizophrenic banged the cannon against the door. "If you don't let me in, I'll use this hole punch to blast through here until I liquefy the genetics of your skulls into plastic mush. Like what thinking did to Righty." Lefty snorted. Righty stuck his tongue out, but Power Plant stuffed it back in with the table leg's fragment. Then he poked the fragment up Righty's nostril and left it there for safe keeping.
"Buddy, we got to get a move for the groove." Smithereens rushed at him. He produced a small disc from his orange bomber jacket, set it on the floor, and pressed its top. Grabbing Power Plant—"Eh, cover your eyes, buddy"—he swung away.
Poof! The disc detonated. A white flash sizzled, invading Power Plant's sight even through his shut eyelids. He opened his eyes.
Lefty slapped his gorilla hand over his face. "Ah, crock, I'm blind. Stay right there. I'd hate to have to look for you cheese puffs."
Schizophrenic backed away and started pelting the door with cannon fire. Power Plant ducked, his neck hairs tickling him with the close-call energy blasts. The door diminished with every blast rocketing through it. That barrier would come down eventually, and Power Plant would soon ka-blam all over Schizophrenic's maddened tirade. Actually, that sounded like everything he'd always dreamed of. Bring on the two-headed nasty and his two-headed nastiness.
Power Plant stumbled away on his aching ankle when another chunk blew off the disintegrating door. And another. He couldn't stay here, or he'd be cannon fodder. He dived aside and grabbed Smithereens by the arms. With his hyperability of flight, he curved upward in a soaring angle that sent his head crunching against the ceiling. Watching where he was going was never one of his talents. So said his flight records.
Schizophrenic stopped firing, so Power Plant set Smithereens down and landed halfway between the ends of the hall. Like a stalwart statue, he stood flexing his fingers. His fingers became fists, and his fists glowed faintly yellow, crackling with light energy as his hyperability allowed.
Smithereens sidled up alongside him, clutching another disc. Smithereens often called this one a cram can. Who knew what it crammed or into whose can it crammed it? "Let's get a move on, eh, buddy. We need armament for our arms 'cause that cannon's about to turn your ham into spam."
"Don' care whats crazy dinner plans that things turn me inta. Mark's in dangers to protects me again? Well, I finished up bein' protected by protection. I's finished up runnin' froms Bad Guys. I fights now." His fists now glowed like twin stars. He spread his hands inches apart, and the brilliant glow leaped between them, fizzing in the air.
Another blast tore through the door—wrenched it off its frame. The door carved through the air, shot at Power Plant, sailed above and past. Schizophrenic stood in its place, his cannon's barrel venting gassy smoke. Lefty's lip twitched as if punching holes through the door had caused him pain. Righty winked and said, "Found you! Now it's your turn."
"Shut up, meat sauce," Lefty said. "You didn't find anyone. You're as blind as crock."
Eager for blood, the excited light energy leaped between Power Plant's palms. Why did Mark have to leave him so soon? The Bad Guys take away his brother again, would they? Never.
Lefty's vision was evidently returning. He craned his neck at the light show that circulated between Power Plant's hands. "What the piss is with you, lightning rod?"
"Dis is!" Power Plant thrust his hands forward, and light spewed forth like a torrential photon blaster. The sound of a waterfall gushed out with the energy. The twin beams melded into one. Walloped Schizophrenic in his concrete chest. Hurled him back like a mass-tran bulldozing through a station. Schizophrenic arced up. He slammed both heads against a chandelier. Misaligned a light panel. He rebounded, swung into the now-empty doorframe. Crashed to the floor. His genetic transformer snapped. One half landed near the end table's remains. The other half landed over the back of Lefty's skull.
Power Plant strolled up and stood over Schizophrenic's body. "If'n anythings happen to my big brotha, I comin' back and doin' that all over twice." He spat on Schizophrenic.
He spun around, pounded down the hallway, and bumped past Smithereens. "We's can go escapin' now."
He'd tear through all these losers to get Mark back.
Chapter Twelve: Pain, Now with 30 Percent More Flavor
Ace Spandex watched the airfoil's two-yard-square levitator panel gently lower to a grassy median in the civilian lot. After realizing that this suicide mission would help him avoid those suicide cannons, his shaking now came only in fading electric convulsions. He followed Burnout toward the levitator panel's speckled surface.
Ace Spandex kept close to Burnout. "Stupidest idea I've ever been part of. We're unarmed, we're outnumbered, and I haven't eaten breakfast yet. I wanted hash browns with a side of not dying today. Toasted, not fried."
"If Asinine makes me watch him choke on Chinese checkers again, it'll be worth it just to see his mood ring turn purple." Burnout's red eyes darkened even redder, and his body heated even hotter, wilting pungent footprints onto the grass.
When they stepped on the levitator panel, it lit and lifted them off the grass. Ace Spandex watched the hull of The Bad Guy Starship draw closer. The panel reached the starship's underbelly, and a circular porthole faded to allow entry. Before the panel reached the starship's bottom floor, it rose through a network of wires and pipes. It stopped in a room lit by only a single light panel that bathed the area too dimly to reach all its corners.
Burnout stepped off the levitator and immersed himself in the shadows, swallowed into the void. Oh, great. Now where'd he go? Ace Spandex stepped off the panel and whistled to him. "Hey. Mark? Wait up. We're supposed to go together."
Before he took a second step, a pistol clicked at his ear. His limbs locked. Another gun!
The pistol coldly scraped his head. In stark, primal horror, his skin convulsed where the pistol traced a line around his neck. His mind's ear played a bang-bang of discharged light-bullets pecking into him, eating him bit by bit exactly as those of a buggy security program had slaught...had sl—he choked a sob—had years ago taken his family. He wanted to collapse and forget this pistol ever existed.
"So much as flinch and you'll taste the wrath of a rum-raisin headache." A puff of wintry condensation vapor wafted into view.
Ace Spandex's skin tingled as if spiders scurried along his body. "The m-most disgusting of ice cream flavors. You fiendish beast."
"None other. I mean about the ice cream flavor. I'm actually a nice girl." The armed lurker sidestepped around to Ace Spandex's front. Ice Cream Headache. She made smug eye contact. Her goofy smile undermined any intimidation she had boasted, but the pistol she scraped along Ace Spandex's forehead still chilled with arctic evil. "Now get in the corner."
"What about me?" A shuffle of feet from the shadow. A voice with no body.
Ice Cream Headache didn't remove her pistol from Ace Spandex, but her eyes, partially curtained by her dark hair, roamed toward the voice. Her expression soured, and vapor puffed from her nostrils. "Crock. Asinine did mention there were two of you. I always mess these things up."
Burnout seized Ice Cream Headache's pistol and threw it aside. Ace Spandex let go a huge breath. No more pistol. Thank Alaphus.
Burnout circled Ice Cream Headache with scrutinizing eyes. "Idiot sends a bigger idiot to do a lesser idiot's job. Don't bother freezing our brains. You might take one of us down, but you won't take both before I shove my hands into your eye sockets and light them on fire. I bet that would melt all thirty-one of your flavors."
Tiny plastic icicles jangled on the legs and sleeves of Ice Cream Headache's blue-and-white impact suit. "So how do we do this? You knock me out and pretend I put up a good struggle?"
Burnout bit his lower lip in consideration. "If that's how you want it."
Ice Cream Headache's face scrunched. "Okay, but make it quick."
Ace Spandex leaned forward. "You don't happen to know the way to the kitchen, do you? I haven't eaten breakfast yet and—"
Burnout chopped a hand over the base of Ice Cream Headache's neck. The Bad Guy crumpled to the paneled floor in a ragged pile. Burnout examined the body for a moment before disregarding it and striding away. "Let's go. Somewhere in this flying nuthouse must be what we're looking for."
Ace Spandex stretched out his hands incredulously. "Really? We're that pressed for time?" He nudged Ice Cream Headache with a boot, but that only made the snoring Bad Guy roll over and plug her mouth with a thumb. "I was interrogating her about their kitchen. A kitchenterrogation. Breakfast is the most important meal. You couldn't have waited another second to attack with your"—he mimicked Burnout's karate chop or whatever that was—"move...thing...sleeper chop? By the way, can you teach me how that works? My performance review is coming up."
Chapter Thirteen: His Majesty Summons
Master Asinine drummed his fingers on his armchair throne, examining the blank of space beyond the Good Guys' atmospheric bubble. He still hadn't figured out how to angle the starship downward so he could watch those Good Guys quake in their bunny slippers. And if Lieutenant IQ 23 mentioned this gravity thing one more time, Asinine would subject him to it. From what he heard, gravity was a lady you didn't want to trifle with. A fat one with curlers in her hair and a rolling pin in her hand.
"Lieutenant, where is Ice Cream Headache with those Good Guys? She should have arrived by now so I could inflict upon them my anchovy breath, end-of-days style." He breathed out that fishy smell. "Yyyeeesss. Circulate, my putrid carbon dioxide. Cccciirrrcccuulllaaaattttteeee."
"Sir, the Good Guys arrived only ninety seconds ago. The embark/disembark room is about twenty minutes away. Also, you squelched your harbinger breath with a mint."
"Hrmph." Master Asinine continued drumming his fingers on the purple upholstery. "Even so, ninety seconds is plenty of time for a twenty-minute trip."
"Headache Ice Cream toe maybe she stubbed, master, yes yes," the hunchbacked Scapegoat said, standing at the navigation computer and twiddling his fingers in the air. Huh? Who put him in charge of navigation? That explained why the starship had made several unannounced stops at random meteors before arriving at this station. That was what you got when you possessed the hyperability to suck.
Asinine rose from the armchair throne and paced the cockpit. With each of his strides, his vanilla-colored leisure suit swished. Even the way it swished exuded sheer joy through his veins. His polyester cape, a trail of majestic awesomeness, flapped behind him before fluttering around his legs when he cut another lap. The leisure cape got in the way, but such was the cross a king bore when showing off his royal duds.
He pondered. Where was Ice Cream Headache? Had she secured the Good Guys yet? Hopefully. But wait. What if the Good Guys had overtaken her? What if they now wandered around the starship unescorted, wreaking havoc on the place and drawing mustaches on Asinine's movie-memorabilia posters?
Impossible. Ice Cream Headache knew what she was doing. Maybe. Master Asinine held some confidence in her, if for nothing more than to color-coordinate everyone's banana split toppings. Besides, she was perfecting her mint-chocolate flavor. No sane man, woman, or beast would miss the opportunity to try that delicious torture.
Asinine stopped pacing. His regal cape fluttered to the cobbled-metal floor. "Control, acknowledge. Locate entity Good Guys."
"Entity Good Guys not recognized," the haunt control sass-a-frassed.
What a crock this haunt control was turning out to be. Couldn't even walk his pet Appetite for him. "Control, acknowledge. Locate entity Those Guys Who Are Good."
Lieutenant IQ 23 spoke over the haunt control's backtalk: "I don't know if that command will fare any better, sir. Why not ask where Ice Cream Headache is?"
"Good idea. Control, acknowledge. Locate entity Ice Cream Headache. And let me know what that deadbeat is up to. Hope she's still alive. Owes me seventy nail clippings from Power Plant Poker night."
"Entity Ice Cream Headache is in the embark/disembark room, unconscious in a puddle of her own drool. Vital signs show no serious harm. And she insists she repaid you."
"Crock!" Asinine kicked his armchair throne, which tipped over. It rebounded off the navigator's console and crunched back onto his foot. He yanked his stinging foot out from underneath and massaged his poor tootsies. "Crockity crock!"
"Sir, calm down. Remember your yoga breathing techniques."
"Screw my yoga breathing techniques." Asinine grabbed his potted banzai tree and prepared to hurl it away...but hesitated. Easy, boy. He couldn't kill Shorty like that. He set the banzai tree back in its place on the console.
"Fine." Asinine settled his nerves but still refused to try that stupid huffy yoga mamma jamma. "Lieutenant, as your cape-wearing leader, I ask you what our options are."
Scapegoat stood from his navigator's chair and waddled past. "Legion force here board on to starship now come, yes yes." He stepped into the bathroom stall, and the l door rematerialized. Huh. Asinine didn't know Scapegoat actually used the bathroom...or could fit that hunched back against the toilet tank.
Asinine parsed Scapegoat's sentence, replaying and rearranging it in his head. "Force Legion aboard the starship and a few extra words in there? That actually wasn't a bad idea since it had come from the Count of Confusion."
Lieutenant IQ 23 said, "The Count of Confusion is your financial advisor, sir. Scapegoat is the Prince of Perplexity."
"Whichever. So, our next move is to nab Legion. Tell him we've captured his two Good Guys, and he'll be up here in a heartbeat. Oh, this will be good." He whipped up his hand and clutched the air with a tuft of cape trapped in his fingers. Man, this leisure suit made him look good. "Mark my words and mark them well. This will..." He yanked his hand from the entanglement of the cape. "This will be..." He whipped his hand away again, but the cape still clung. "This will be...This...Crock, my cape is seriously outstaying its welcome."
* * *
To avoid roaming around outside unprotected, Legion and Patton traversed the white-walled underground tunnels that connected the towers and buildings. They were close to the armory. Now Legion stopped in the barren underground tunnel, shivering in the chill. Everything had calmed since Burnout and Ace Spandex had risen into The Bad Guy Starship ten minutes ago. No jade beams of deathly light, no belligerent insolence, no reference to Legion's impending doom. Still, the day wasn't complete without Asinine mentioning how sour cream came in eight thousand exciting new flavors.
Legion wandered to a staircase leading to the ground floor. He peered up the staircase, through a window, at the starship that blotted out all natural light. He still couldn't see anything but its underbelly, so he joined Patton at the end of the craggy tunnel's segment. Patton looked ready to leap up those stairs and beat down the first Bad Guy he saw.
Legion trotted further down the hall. "Sir, we should continue onward. The Bad Guys are on foot now, and though most can't figure out the difference between a beanbag and toothpaste, they'll try to beat us into one or the other. And Multipurpose might have gastrointestinal problems. Well, he always has gastrointestinal problems. Just that they've gotten downright repugnant lately."
Patton hurried ahead to Legion's side. They both forced open a pair of sliding doors and proceeded into the next building, labeled STORAGE. As long as Power Plant's ludicrous attempts at combat robots remained inactive along with the haunt control, Legion figured he and Patton would reach that armory alive.
They pried open another set of doors. Wait. Legion looked back the way they had come. He checked forward. Were they still headed the right way? He rarely passed through these tunnels—maybe more often in the station's early days when some of the towers remained under construction—but he swore he remembered the route.
"No time to hesitate." Patton swept his pistol forward. "We've got vermin to wipe out."
"I'm not sure we're headed in the right direction." Legion searched the hallway for a landmark, a recognizable crack, a stain, anything.
"Didn't you install maps?"
"Power Plant stole some from the Habitat Mall on Gaia, but he lost interest when the layouts conflicted: we don't have a Percolator's coffee shop or an archery range."
Legion padded further through the hallway and found a concrete stairway that led up to the ground floor of the storage tower. "I need to go aboveground to reorient myself, sir."
"Whatever we need to do to blow those Bad Guys away." Patton reached for his pistol and checked its charge reading. That was how Patton had attained such esteem, had become the hero everyone regarded him as: he was always prepared.
Legion took out his Marsek again and stepped up the staircase. The temperature climbed with each step, and soon he emerged in the storage tower's warm main entrance. He checked for intruders among the front desk and couches.
Lowensland's loudspeaker squawked feedback like a siren. Oh, no. Legion was about to enjoy an earful of inanity meant for those who'd climbed highest on the stupidity charts. Like those idiots at the GROK radio station. If they mentioned their rubber-eating contest again, Legion would send the deejays one of Smithereens's toys as a gift.
"LEGION OF THE GOOD GUYS. COME IN, LEGION, YOU OLD RAPSCALLION, YOU. OVER."
Legion shook his head. "This last month without them was a nice break. Gabber, acknowledge. Activate public address system."
Legion's gabber extended an earpiece and a mouthpiece. "Public address system activated."
Sound check: Legion tapped the mouthpiece, producing a thud-thud. Working. "WHAT NOW, LOWENSLAND? I'M NOT INTERESTED IN HEARING ABOUT YOUR TRIP TO WHITE WATER SAND AND SURF. I'VE ALREADY BEEN SUBJECTED TO YOUR SLIDESHOW. AND IS THAT TEEN POP YOU'RE LISTENING TO?"
"HEY, LEGION. LISTEN, I'VE THOUGHT THIS OVER, HAD A POWWOW WITH MY MEGALOMANIACAL BUDDIES ABOARD MY STARSHIP OF HIPPITY HAPPENIN'S, AND WE'VE DECIDED IT WOULD BE VERY COOL FOR YOU TO COME ON UP HERE. OVER. OH, AND IT IS T-POP. OVER AGAIN. OVER."
Board their starship? Legion's jaw hung open. What crazy, stupid, juvenile, idiotic, blatantly reckless scheme had Lowensland concocted?
"What moronic scheme has that blowhard concocted?" Patton asked.
Legion covered his mouthpiece. "Good one. I forgot moronic."
An edge sharpened Lowensland's voice. "THAT'S IT, LEGION. IF YOU DON'T ANSWER SOON, I'LL BLAST SO MANY HOLES THROUGH YOUR SPACE STATION, YOU'LL BE A...A...Lieutenant, what has holes?"
"The plot of a horror movie, sir."
"YES. THAT THING. OH, AND WE'RE HUNGRY UP HERE. OUR BURRITOS DIDN'T FILL US. YOU GOT ANY HAMBURGERS OR COOKIES OR SOMETHING? OR HAVE YOUR COOKBOTS WHIP UP A BOWL OF MAC AND CHEESE. OVER."
Legion gave Patton a glance. "HAMBURGERS AND COOKIES? THOSE FOODS DON'T EVEN COMPLEMENT EACH OTHER. LOWENSLAND, HAVE YOU LOST YOUR MIND?"
"WELL, DUH. LOOK, IF YOU'RE NOT UP HERE IN TEN MINUTES, YOUR TWO AGENTS ARE AS GOOD AS EXECUTED. DON'T FORGET THE MUNCHIES. ASININE AND HIS STUPENDOUSNESS, OVER AND OUT."
Good as executed? Oh, no. His mouth dry and prickly, Legion wanted to sprint outside. Burnout and Ace Spandex, captured! He knocked his head against an empty plant stand, his stomach churning. First he'd gotten Sopher killed. Now he'd handed two of his Good Guys over to the most childish egomaniac Alaphus had ever devised. He might as well have shaken Lowensland's hand at the same time.
To wet his drying mouth, he swallowed hard. "Sir, continue on to the armory. I have to stop Lowensland before he murders everybody. You'll have to lead from here. I just have no idea where to find hamburgers and cookies at a time like this."
Patton twisted his mustache with his fingers and smiled. He pulled a package from an inner jacket pocket with his other hand. "Substitute something."
"Substitute what?" Legion eyed the package that ruffled in Patton's grip.
Patton handed it over. A barbecued hamburger, wrapped? His wry smile was evident on the curvature of his mustache still tweezed between two fingers. "I Can't Believe It's Not a Hamburger, trademarked." He reached into a breast pocket and retrieved another crinkling package. "And I Can't Believe It's Not a Sandwich Cookie, trademark pending."
Legion took this package, too, and poked the cookie through the cellophane. He hoped it wouldn't poke back. "These are edible? Or should I not believe that either?"
"Free samples. Intergalactic Protection closed an advertisement deal with Imitation Nutrition. I've got a boatload in my transport if you need more."
"What's it made from?"
"Whale blubber squeezed between wafers of mud. You can't even taste the whale blubber."
Not going on the cafeteria menu. No matter how much Kamikaze begged.
* * *
Seven minutes later, Legion rode the airfoil, rising toward Lowensland's sky-choking starship. Beside him sat the skids of synthetic hamburgers and mud cookies he'd taken from Patton's transport. He scrutinized those skids, grabbed a hamburger, and opened its package. Ugh. Smelled like bug spray. He removed the top bun and wrinkled his nose at the plasticlike sheen. He grabbed a sandwich cookie, unwrapped it, and removed its cream filling. This he placed between the unpackaged hamburger buns and tossed away the meat patty. He rewrapped the product and hoped Lowensland wouldn't question why the package was open. Oh, whatever. If Lowensland was too stupid to question why his five-o'clock shadow kept growing back, he wouldn't ask about this.
Synthetic hamburgers. The future of cuisine was dictated by advertising's punch-drunk cousin.
Chapter Fourteen: Protective Custody
Harrier's eyes still felt sodding dry with each blink. In fact, they burned. He swore they were dissolving. Bollocks! His vision raw and tender, he saw only in blurs. Red splotches festooned the area. He was reminded of his gammy sight when he banged into yet another table—but...but...Well, the pain that flared through his thigh scored out the remainder of his thought. It complemented the gouge that doorframe had earlier slashed across his forearm.
He advanced through an open door. Pepper followed. Whenever he decked into something, the old boiler laughed. "Typical male." Her squeaky laughter sounded forced. Same with the snort that followed.
Harrier cradled his arm. Was it bleeding? No, but the skin was shaved.
Pepper's laugh stopped. "Here, let me see that." She approached and examined his injury. She pulled something from her pocket. A tube of lubricant?
Huh. She showed some concern. She must be langered. "I shall survive. Unlike my blooming forearm." He tugged it away, and she sheepishly returned the tube to her pocket.
He reached another door and felt for its fingerhold grooves. He found them and yyyyanked open the door, the unoiled gears squealing to larrup his bloody ears. He squeezed through the thin gap but banged his hip. Pepper grunted through behind him. The daftie.
Harrier had no idea where any of the knob-headed intruders lurked. Dominion over this situation was knackered, sending feathers of anxiety tickling up his back—and a stabbing pain slashing his calm demeanor. Ugh, that felt like a sharp-edged stool.
He wandered a few steps further but conked his head on a low-hanging light panel. To Pepper, he said, "Remain behind me. I am unaware where the Bad Guys are."
A jade blast clouted through the ceiling and split the doorframe through which they'd entered. Pepper jolted and stumbled into Harrier. As abruptly as she had startled into him, she realized who she was touching and shoved him away. She thundered a few paces ahead. "Keep up, bird beast."
"Oh, ram it up y—What grudge do you hold against males?"
"Not men. Just the military they make up." Pepper planted her red, splotchy hands on her red, splotchy hips, but one red, splotchy hand disconnected and extended a red, splotchy finger. Shades of red and black painted her, so reading her smarmy body language was tough. "First, a man-only military has screwed up enough of civilization to ensure MaxSport shouldn't be allowed a seat of power for the rest of its miserable existence. Second, they ruined female equality everywhere when you pissing males kicked us out of the military. Third, I have daddy issues."
Argh! Why must she have such good arguments? "As a point of fairness, women failed to act in that debacle over military equality. MaxSport pulled that 'smashing' stunt, and their board of directors held a three-to-one ratio of women versus men and butch she-men."
As if Pepper contemplated this, her face softened slowly. But it hardened again. "Yeah, but you good-for-nothing men still let it happen."
"You would be positively karked if this good-for-nothing man had not earlier prevented you from becoming pastry dough. And I fought MaxSport's decision. Fervently."
Pepper regarded him for a second, but her splotch crossed its arms and turned away. "Yeah, well...so what?" she said, her chipmunk voice only a trickle of sound.
Harrier rolled his raw eyes. They felt blooming grafted to his dry eyelids. "Your misgivings of me aside, please remain behind me. I wish only to ensure your safety." Harrier fumbled his way forward but banged into a wall.
"Try fumbling in the right direction, bird beast."
Chapter Fifteen: Your Notion of Palatable Food Will Never Be the Same
Ace Spandex crept through another l door through which Burnout had already stomped. He felt comfortable with the older Abends brother a few paces away rather than within fiery arm's reach. Of course, that meant he'd brought these roasting marshmallows for nothing. He tossed the bag aside.
When Burnout became angry, the heat around him increased several degrees. Ace was glad he kept a distance from Mr. Sauna but hated the prospect of lagging behind. On the other hand, sweat no longer suctioned his costume to his body.
He passed another machine, the fourth in ten minutes, and regarded it with little hope. Not any equipment he recognized, which meant it wasn't the machine allowing Asinine to spy into their headquarters. Bold lettering across the top read AROMATIC SAUSAGE DISPENSER. Ace Spandex would keep looking, though he'd return later to find out how to finally make moronga smell tolerable.
They'd left Ice Cream Headache unbound but unconscious. Hopefully the Bad Guy wouldn't awaken until Ace Spandex and Burnout found the spy machine, though this transport was a titan-class starship, used for carrying entire forces and their mil-trans. Searching could take days, especially since they might have to survive Asinine's college-hazing machine with its new goldfish-swallowing challenge. To finish this mission, Ace needed to use logic rather than haphazard guessing aboard this monster. Though, in here, logic need not apply. And it never did.
Ace Spandex was lagging too far behind. Burnout had already stomped through the next door, but Ace still meandered through this one. He hustled ahead and soon felt radiator heat flapping from Burnout's hulking back. A flame sneaked out from underneath Burnout's collar, licking the nape of his neck.
Ace stared at Burnout's steel-strong back muscles. He and Burnout had to slow down, but how could he soothe the fire wielder? He swallowed. "Uhm...look...uh. I hate to bring this up, especially since you stand about a head taller than me, but unlike most of the people we work with, we should stop and think. Formulate a plan. We can't just thunder around like this."
"What are you saying?" Burnout stopped and stared down fixedly. The walking pyre's chest barreled above Ace Spandex, who noticed he hadn't plucked his nose hairs in some time. He forced an exhalation through those nose hairs, which swayed like grass in an autumn wind.
"Uh, uhm..." Ace Spandex's stomach felt too nervy. "Well, you can thunder around like this, but I don't have the sheer bulk to make so much noise. Or the attitude of a macked-off jackhammer." He pointed to Burnout's forehead. "Or that throbbing vein."
He took in a calming breath but realized, in Burnout's presence, there was no calm. "Let's keep close to the embark/disembark room. To protect from hacking devices, titan-class mil-trans have signal dampener fields. So the equipment that needs to communicate or monitor externally is usually close to the embark/disembark room to make as small a break in the field as possible. That means the spy equipment is nearby, maybe behind one of those doors where we passed Asinine's framed macaroni art." He looked into Burnout's nostrils. "And your nose hairs are rustling."
"How do you expect to find what we're looking for?"
Ace Spandex had no answer. He checked around. "Well, for instance, let's start with this map." He approached a map on a viewscreen and rapped a finger on it. "This big red dot says we're here." He traced his finger along the map to the center, squeaking a print along the viewscreen. Issuing a beep, the map plotted the shortest path between the two points. "And here's the master communication room. I think we found our place. Oh, and there's a coffee machine right next to customer service. For you, I'd suggest decaf."
"Why's a mall map on a starship?"
"Because Master Asinine is in charge of this whole operation. But we now have a direction and a craft store close by if you want something to destroy."
Burnout leveled Ace Spandex with a glower. "Finding the master communication room won't fix this. I have to take care of Asinine. You're on your own." He lumbered ahead and raised his hand to slam through another door, though it faded before he could. Getting used to the l tech here proved difficult. Ace was so used to sliding doors on Station One.
Wait, what had Burnout said? Ace flinched. "I'm on my own? What are you talking about? We have to find the master communication room. Shut these guys down. Legion's orders."
Burnout talked over his shoulder. "I'm not Legion's good little robot. I'm here to make sure Asinine and his crockers don't melt my brother to slime. Nothing more. Destroying their equipment won't stop them. It'll only cause them to panic. Once again, Legion didn't think things through. I'm here to find the source."
Burnout stalked through the next door and into darkness. Ace Spandex twitched. His heart urged him to scream and dash after Burnout. These halls were armed with—he choked on the word—guns. Only some of them used Asinine's favorite ammunition: glue sticks.
Ace Spandex clenched a trembling fist, drawing blood where his nails gouged his palm. Nnnnoooo. He needed to conquer his fear. He shook, too distracted to think, but he had a task to complete. He could conquer this. Right? Guns or no guns, he could locate the master communication room, destroy that spy equipment, and rush back into that embark/disembark room to return to Station One if Ice Cream Headache didn't wake up and churn his brain into fudge ripple.
He inched to the right through a door and into a darkened room. "Hello? Bad Guys? Killbots? Laundry-detergent time bombs?" Nothing. Nobody roamed. Good.
He shuffled through the next few rooms but stopped along the way at a sporting-goods store. He needed a confidence boost. For protection, he grabbed a baseball bat—and he knew how to use it. Well, he never nailed that follow-through, and he never figured out if he batted left or right, and his center of gravity was always off, and...
He finally arrived at the master communication room, which sat only a few stores away from the central mall and food court according to the plaque on the wall. He approached the last door. It faded slowly as if building suspense, but it presented Ace Spandex a clear view of what lay beyond it.
Ace Spandex chuckled over thoughts of revenge. His mouth trickled into a grin. The bleeping machinery, the blinking lights, the dusty long-range signal equipment. Yes, this was the master communication room. And, yes, Ace Spandex would find some way to destroy every last circuit board in this thing. He had the practice, after all.
* * *
Master Asinine watched Ice Cream Headache enter the cockpit. Ice Cream Headache tilted her head and rubbed the side of her neck underneath all that hair. She was escorting Legion through the cockpit door with a pistol propped against the Good Guy leader's back. Why the pistol? Everyone preferred her ice cream assault to those ice cream bullets, especially since the bullets melted at room temperature and were to be used only when shooting Master Asinine in the mouth.
Ice Cream Headache hauled behind her a hoversled buried in a disorganized mountain of packaged burgers as high as her shoulders. Burgers slid down the deteriorating slope and struck the floor with heavy thumps. One burger flopped aside, revealing underneath it packages of sandwich cookies.
"Ah, yes, Legion, you've finally arrived. And with lunch." Master Asinine whipped an angry finger at Legion, which was possible since he'd torn off his cape and stuffed it down the incinerator chute. Good riddance.
"Put my burgers and sandwich cookies next to my horse casserole." His hollow stomach quaked hungrily. "I and my leisure suit are starved, and the cookbots are programmed to use only whatever's left in the kitchen, which is mustard and hair gel. And I'm sick of mustard-flavored hair gel."
Legion's eyes thinned. His foot hammered the floor, his fingers tensing to squeeze around Asinine's neck. Or maybe he wanted a hug. "Okay, Lowensland, you have me now. Release my two men. And what's this cockamamie plot you're using to piss all over common decency?"
"A gene doohickey. And not only is it pissing all over common decency, but it's pissing all over common decency's shoes, too."
Legion whacked Ice Cream Headache's pistol away. "Take that thing off my back." He threw a hamburger in Asinine's direction. It struck the navigation computer and sliced into its viewscreen. Good thing Asinine's hands weren't in the way, or his gaming thumbs would have been kaput. What were these burgers made of? Ninja stars?
"Lowensland, you've got to be mad. What's with this new biology kick of yours? First you want to clone me, now a genetic transformer? Transform into what?"
"Oh, into so much." Asinine giggled. He loved genetic weapons and genetic weapons loved him. He hoisted his own gene doohickey to show it off. "Actually, so far we can convert you into canned soup. That's about it. Not that it's not future-cool enough. It's just that we can't get this knob to turn. Probably childproofed." He pinched the selector knob between two fingers to rotate it, but it resisted as if held in place by brawny gorilla teeth. That...Wait. Brawny gorilla teeth? He was really pulling these expressions out of his sphincter these days.
Nevertheless, he had his arch-nemesis, Legion, in his thrall, here in this cockpit, trapped under the watchful eyes of himself, Lieutenant IQ 23, Ice Cream Headache, and the aquarium of goldfish who knew only one word: oh.
"Lowensland," Legion said, his grinding teeth muffling his word, "know that I'm making every effort not to barge across this cockpit and throttle you."
"Know that I'm making every effort not to be throttled." Asinine yanked the burger out of the navigation computer and, despite its rigidity, managed to gnash off a bite. Tasted like mesquite plastic. Yum. "Besides, you couldn't throttle me if you barged across this cockpit and throttled m—Never mind.
"Anyway, you and your Good Guys are at my mercy. Remember the Face Blitzkrieg? We rejigged things, replaced that Blitzkrieg technology with the genetic stuff, and mounted the gene doohickey on this starship. So instead of raining Blitzkrieg action down on you Good Guys, we'll be raining genetic mangling. At the touch of a button—this one here actually"—he slammed a palm over a computer, mashing the flashy button with the sparkly unicorn sticker—"the gene doohickey attached to The Bad Guy Starship will melt your squad of goons into putty. It can level every tower on your precious space station. Lieutenant, what in the chocolate-covered cosmos do they call this station?"
Lieutenant IQ 23 stepped forward. "Sir, we are on Station One. And you declared the cosmos was filled with caramel, not covered in chocolate."
"Station One?" Asinine's portable gene doohickey slipped from his fingers and clattered to the floor inches from the foot on which he'd earlier dropped his lucky boat anchor. "That's the best name ever! Congratulations. Wow. A station named after a number. We need to up the ante on this, Lieutenant. What number comes before one?"
"Zero, sir."
"Station Zero." Asinine rubbed his chin. "Hmm. Lacks that certain ring to it. Let's see. Zero means nothing, and nothing means—"
"Much of what's inside your head." Legion prepared to lob another burger.
"Don't interrupt my clutching at random thoughts. Nothing is...nil, blank"—he snapped his fingers—"zilch. That's it. Lieutenant, we shall name our space station something that strikes fear into the hearts of citizens and this guy alike." He indicated Legion. "We shall name it Station Zilcho."
"Oh, Alaphus, please help me." Legion buried his face in his hand.
Something flushed. The bathroom door faded, and the plump Scapegoat emerged after his thirty-minute sump sabbatical. About time. Asinine waved a hand in front of his nose. "Whoo. Scapegoat, hit the fan, would you?"
"Fan I hit the will, master, yes yes." The hunchback lurched to the navigation computer to resume his game on the Mr. Pong machine. He forgot the fan, hitting it or otherwise.
"Lowensland, release my Good Guys!" Legion said.
A background whir cut to silence. Huh? Asinine looked around the cockpit to see several viewscreens flicker to darkness like eyes abruptly squeezing shut. Even the one that displayed Asinine so he could examine the shine of his leisure suit from the back. The surrounding light panels brightened to compensate for the absent light of the inactive viewscreens.
Asinine checked his row of equipment. All of his monitors were down, blank faces staring at him like his did every morning in the mirror. Figuring out why hurt more than two plus two, so he asked someone smarter. "Lieutenant, is the power down? Also, will I have to reset all the clocks on this floating barge?"
Lieutenant IQ 23 was already at the main computer, the only one still on, his fingers dancing along a keyboard in search of an answer. "Sir, I believe our scanning equipment has gone offline. And the clocks are okay but still unadjusted for daylight savings."
Asinine tore another chunk out of his burger and chomped. Mmm. Preprocessed deliciousness. Now, to matters at hand. "But, Lieutenant, the scanners are the most expensive equipment we own. Ice Cream Headache, where are those other Good Guys lurking?"
Ice Cream Headache's back stiffened. She searched the room with eyes as nervous as a paranoid mental patient's. "They...they...I don't know. They took off."
A lump of hamburger rolled out of Asinine's gaping mouth. "You let them escape?"
Ice Cream Headache gasped condensation vapor. "It wasn't my fault. The big one karate-chopped my neck."
"You mean you never captured them?" Legion dropped the burger in his throwing hand. It hit the ground and rattled.
Asinine beelined toward Legion and grabbed his uniform's collar. He marched across the cockpit, Legion struggling against his grip. No point. Asinine's glove had static-cling technology.
He threw Legion against the windshield, pressing the Good Guy leader's back and mashing his cheek along the silicate glass. He rehearsed his most threatening of voices: "Mi mi mi mi miiiiii." Okay. Ready. "Lieutenant, make control acknowledge and activate the megaphone."
"Control, acknowledge. Activate the megaphone." Lieutenant IQ 23 inhaled a sandwich cookie. Crumbs of the previous one sprinkled out.
"Excellent, Lieutenant." Asinine swallowed another lump of burger. "To whom it may concern, which is everybody. None or more of you have destroyed my scanning equipment. I have here your leader. In response to your wrecking my stuff, I will remove one of his fingernails every hour until you give in to my demands. This means you have twelve hours. So get with the program. Control, acknowledge. Deactivate megaphone." He chewed into his hamburger again and spoke through the clump of meat. "Lieutenant, what's this countdownish, timerlike thing called Total Eureka Blast?"
"Total Eureka Blast countdownish timerlike thing has begun," the starship's haunt control said. "In T minus thirty minutes, a gentle, soothing light will bathe this space station, transforming everything to cinders. Until then, enjoy the pacifying haphazard blasts that will rain terror across the ground. This death has been brought to you by"—pause for harpsichord lilt—"the Life Center."
"Never mind, Lieutenant."
A blast thundered from the underbelly of the starship, vibrating the floor and twitching up Asinine's legs. With a light-beam fist, the blast pulverized a brick-and-mortar building below into debris.
Lieutenant IQ 23 examined the countdown timer's digital display, which showed flashing numbers of incrementing seconds across it. "You must have set off the random blast generator when you mashed the starship's genetic transformer button, sir."
"Oh. Looks as though everyone below has about half an hour until my gene doohickey converts them into paste and the remaining buildings into building remains. A pity Plaster is down there. I'll miss our debates about...uh"—from his pocket, he pulled out and activated a datasheet that contained all those big words IQ 23 wrote to help him remember—"the state of the economy of the Hydra constellation and how their refusal to participate in free trade has led to their decline in both scientific achievement and education." He tossed the datasheet aside. "Won't miss his body odor, though."
Legion grabbed Asinine and slammed him against the computer bank. Asinine's head struck with a flash in his skull, reminding him to buy pain-relief tablets on his grocery trip later.
"You murderer, you'll incinerate everyone on the space station!" Legion barreled a fist across Asinine's cheek and shoved past him to scramble to the monitor showing the Total Eureka Blast's countdown. "How can I shut this off?"
Asinine recovered. He grabbed Legion, swung him around, and slammed a knee into his stomach. Legion sank to the ground. "Never again ruffle the greatness of my leisure suit." That would show him who was king of knee-blast-to-the-stomach knee blasts: the dude on the broadcast with those knee blasters, but Asinine came in a close second. "Yes, everyone on board your little Station One will soon wish they'd taken out genetic-melting and sauce-turning-into insurance. In E-five minutes and L-two seconds, they'll be no more than super glue for my cyborg parts."
"Sir, that's twenty-seven minutes and fifty-three seconds. You're reading the display upside down."
"Who cares what way I'm reading things? What matters is that, in an E and a half, the Good Guys' time will run out. And so will this hamburger's." He took another bite but distastefully removed the top bun and examined it. "The meat tastes like cookie filling."
Chapter Sixteen: Rerouted and Clouted
A voice blurted into Power Plant's ear. His gabber. Ow. Must it yell? Asinine himself had probably heard the status message aboard Starship Ruin My Day Off.
"Incoming connection from entity Burnout." Really? Was his big brother off the starship? Power Plant held up a hand to tell Smithereens to hold on. A few yards away, Smithereens stopped, though he restlessly tapped his foot on the laminate flooring of one of the training tower's many hallways. Maybe he wanted bigger bombs. No way. Power Plant was more interested in what was in that disc labeled "Hind Cheek Sneak for the Weak." Still wouldn't be any worse than the fetid orange stench filling this corridor thanks to one of Kamikaze's stomach-halving blunders. He cupped a hand over his nose.
"Gabber, 'knowledge. Accepts connection." His voice cracked, and his hand floated away from his nose. "Mark, you alives. How's the vacation?"
"I'm not on a vacation, Jeff. I'm on a titan-class starship about to melt everyone aboard Station One into liquefied meat. Not liquefied red meat, so don't get tempted."
"Mark?" Power Plant slid into a chair against a wall and hugged his legs. Why did Mark keep leaving? "When's you comin' homes?"
Mark tempered his voice with that rare quality that came only when talking brother to brother. "Not long. Hang in there, big guy. I just have to finish this up. Look, I don't have much time. Finding a place to send out a signal took ten minutes, and the Bad Guys will probably block it soon. Jeff, where are you right now?"
Power Plant stood and searched around. "One o' thems hallway thingies. Think it called a hallway. Looks like da trainin's hallway where's I keeps sparring up Franchise."
"You're close to the armory. Jeff, listen. The Bad Guy Starship is set to randomly destroy everything in half an hour. It'll decimate the station. The Bad Guys' scanning equipment is down. Ace finished his job. Now that the Bad Guys aren't looking, get on a starship and leave. Doesn't matter that the hangar bay won't open. Just blast it open. Forget about fighting. Don't even stop at the armory for weapons of war. And don't stop there for milkshakes, either. Those are canisters of mustard gas."
"Man, cans I stops on the way to grab bubble wrap an' a paper shredder?"
"No, you can't stop for weapons of fun, either."
Power Plant's mood soured like that orange smell. "But these ain'ts implements o' fun. These is implements o' entertainament."
"Doesn't matter what spin you put on it. You can't use a paper shredder as a weapon unless you convince someone to stick their arm in. And unless I heard that loudspeaker wrong, the only one stupid enough is aboard this starship eating a heap of hamburgers. Now, Jeff, please get off this station. I have to go. I love you, buddy. Gabber, acknowledge. Cut connection."
"Connection terminated by other user," Power Plant's gabber said.
As abruptly as he had called, Mark was gone again. Again! An empty pit swallowed Power Plant's will to act. And why did he feel as though, this time, he were grounded f destroying anything?
"Total Eureka Blast launching in T minus twenty-five minutes." A jade stream burst through the ceiling, devouring the floor inches from Power Plant. He leaped aside.
"Buddy, we gotta get to my cache of a stash, eh." Smithereens stood ready at the end of the hallway, his stomach peeking over his belt. He flipped a disc over in one hand. "Eh, maybe we'll find something to deal with that paste maker, buddy. Like my Armageddon Is Gettin' Your Arm bomb. Plays Def Leppard while you evaporate."
Power Plant ignored Smithereens. He was busy debating whether to obey his brother and find safety before he became genetic goop or to grab that paper shredder and go hog wild on any adversary as thin as a datasheet. Such as the adversary called his report card.
"My brutha says I gotta gets off the station. But them Bad Guys is puttin' him in dangers." Power Plant's lower lip tightened against his upper. Sharply, he nodded. "I ain't leavings. I ain't runnings. I helps you guys fight outta this. I a Good Guy, so I helps people. Just like Mark does."
A heavy plodding rumbled around the corner. Power Plant searched the unlighted bend for whatever made that noise. Then the source arrived. Braindead, that silent-but-deadly bodyguard Master Asinine brought along to avoid being the person in the room wearing the ugliest outfit. Dumber still, he always brought that lieutenant, too. Actually the three of them could top a fashion magazine's worst-dressed list.
Braindead was a Virillian, a reptilian species of antisocial creeps who spoke only in grunts and hisses or not at all. Hostile. Unusual for Virillians, Braindead expressed a bosom buddy–like loyalty to IQ 23. That was all Power Plant knew of him.
The armored Braindead spotted them. He hissed under the headgear that exposed his reptilian skin through only a thin eye slit. Wielding his goo-making cannon, he wrapped a scaly finger around its trigger but held his fire and waited for Power Plant to make the first move. Power Plant decided the first move should be to give that goon the finger.
Braindead cracked his neck, first over one green shoulder, then the other. The silent stalker swung the goo maker to the ready and squashed his finger over the trigger. The goo maker warmed up.
"Put that thing away before I put you away," a seasoned voice said. From around the shadowy corner, a pistol decorated with IP markings emerged at Braindead's ear. The scaly goon relaxed his trigger finger. Braindead stayed silent, not even an irritable sigh. He dropped the cannon.
The hand holding the pistol against Braindead's ear had a body that revealed itself. Brigadier General Patton held that pistol. He tweezed his snowy mustache with his other hand before using it to wave to Power Plant and Smithereens. "Caught a rat."
Power Plant shambled forward off his good ankle and scooped up the genetic transformer. He aimed it at Braindead. "I can't aims for crap, but stays still, ya slimy, scaly, uggin', no-talk disgustoid."
Smithereens gently removed the genetic transformer from Power Plant's grasp and propped it against an oak wing chair. "Eh, buddy, you shouldn't hold anything that can change your genetic makeup. No one needs a deranged armadillo Jeff runnin' around zapping the grudge for the fudge. And the disgustoid remark was uncalled for."
"But the rest's calleds for, right? Like, he stills a slimy, scaly, ugging, no-talk guy?"
Captured, his weapon confiscated, and a pistol scratching his skull, Braindead still found reason to remain silent. And he carried that added fish stench that made Power Plant immediately swear off haddock.
Smithereens held another disc at the ready. A red one, Power Plant's favorite color of blood. He shrugged and jerked a chin at Braindead, though he spoke to Power Plant. Or at least Power Plant would assume so if his next words were cool ones. "Let's take care o' baddy here, eh, buddy."
Fierce! Power Plant had been waiting, like, a whole four minutes to blow something up or kick someone in the crack hole. Or maybe blow up someone's crack hole. He leaped, slammed his good foot into Braindead's ribs, cracked the opposite boot at full force into Braindead's face, and flipped back. He landed on the ground and hopefully would avoid Braindead's snaky stare for the rest of the day. Yes, he'd like to thank the Academy for that awesome beat-down. And if the Academy had anything to do with mashed potatoes, he'd thank it for those as well.
Braindead collapsed, his headgear clacking against the laminated wood floor. He sprawled out with his legs oddly arranged. His breathing was measured. He was out cold.
"Since he outs of conscious, can we cram stuffs up his nose? I gots jellies beans."
"Sorry, slugger. Any other time, I'd be right there with you. But we have more urgent matters, so let's save those beans for later." Patton slipped his weapon into his holster so his hand was free to play with his mustache.
Smithereens flung his red disc at Braindead. It clacked against the wing chair and erupted with tendrils of paste that trailed over Braindead like tee-pee over a frat house. The tendrils hardened and tightened around the Virillian, scrunching his body.
"Sweet dreams." Smithereens kissed two fingers and pointed them at the disc's spent shell. He looked to Patton. "Eh, what's the next step, buddy?"
"Lowensland is floating above the space station, threatening to melt us into wax. We've got Bad Guys here hunting us down. " Patton slapped a hand over his pistol. "It's time to take the offensive."
"Oh, man. I loves offensiving stuffs." Power Plant pumped his arm.
Patton snickered with Power Plant. "It's great, isn't it?"
"Total Eureka Blast launching in T minus twenty minutes."
"Oh, man. I loves goin' Total Eureka Blastin'." He ducked into a rocker's hunch and pumped his arm accidentally into Smithereens's groin.
Patton tapped his ear. A mouthpiece and earpiece whirred out of his gabber. He removed his tweezing hand from his mustache and leaned against the wall. "Gabber, acknowledge. Locate any unlisted signals and report calltags."
"Four signals found. Calltags are 'Bad-Guy-Schizophrenic,' 'Bad-Guy-Plaster,' 'Bad-Guy-Braindead,' and 'Bad-Guy-Multipurpose-is-too-fat-for-his-own-good.'"
"Gabber, acknowledge. Contact calltag 'Bad-Guy-Multi'—that last one, whatever it was." A hand went back up to pinch his mustache.
"Contacting calltag. Connection attained."
"Yeah? Who's this crocker gabbering me, the master of ninjas, ninjalike members of society, and pancake-eating contests?" Multipurpose's croaky voice grated over Patton's gabber so loudly that Power Plant wondered how Patton endured it. Maybe all those freebies had given him hearing loss.
"Multipurpose, is that you, you ninja never-were?" Patton asked as if he needed verification. Wasn't the angry panting enough? Did he need one of Multipurpose's saggamuffin flab-slabs flapping in his face? "Wherever you and your inadequate, all-thumbs skill set are, track this signal and get over to the armory. We'll go mano a marshmallow mano and find out who's got what it takes. That is, if you have the endurance to walk more than a foot without needing a nap."
"A ninja's always got more endurance than he knows what to crocking do with."
"He right." Power Plant pointed at the gabber to indicate Multipurpose. "He never do nothin' with it."
Chapter Seventeen: Searched and Destroyed
Ace Spandex surveyed the disaster he'd wrought on the starship's communication equipment. Destroying it had been effortless. He'd hurled Master Asinine's bowling ball/volleyball into the most expensive-looking device, and the baseball bat took care of the rest. He'd stopped short at destroying anything that kept this space barge afloat, but everything else was fair game. And he felt no guilt whatsoever. If hallways of malfunctioning laser turrets were now shooting down Bad Guys, as far as Ace was concerned, he and these crackpots were even-steven for that haunt-control disco inferno. Oh, but they still owed him a dry-cleaning bill for the dinner he'd puked on his shirt. He'd ask Asinine later for the twenty moolahs. He didn't doubt Asinine would oblige.
He meandered out of the room and checked the T-junction in which he stood, chew-snapping his bubblegum. Now, where was he headed? Left? Right? Huh. How could he backtrack to the embark/disembark room to catch that airfoil out of here? His mind came up fuzzy. If only he'd left a trail of breadcrumbs.
He remembered coming from the left, so he started down that direction—immediately hearing the echo of footsteps funnel around the corner. Not ordinary footsteps. Heavy ones that clunked through his brain.
Ace Spandex thought it best to duck away since he knew the company Asinine kept: typical idiots and half-witted trolls. Hiding behind the master communication room's door was a bad idea since those clunking footsteps were probably here to investigate the problem with their computers. He ducked down the perpendicular hallway of the T-junction and readied his baseball bat in a stance that looked more circuslike than athletic. Whatever. As long as this circus clown lived to paint his baseball bat a bright yellow and join a sideshow. Sticking his head into a lion's mouth didn't excite him, but at least that yellow bat was in his future.
Ace Spandex stooped behind the corner where those footsteps clunked closer. A voice joined them, accenting words pretentiously. "If Master Asinine sets me off on another misguided misadventure, I shall feed him to a grease fire and warm my winter mint tea with the heat he produces." Whoever it was had an elephant's ego. Maybe it was an elephant. Asinine had, after all, mentioned endowing his animal friends with the "hyperability of sarcasm, the wittiest of all hyperabilities."
"This shall be the last time he interrupts How to Exhibit Utter Perfection to an Inferior and Shortsighted Society. The latest episode was teaching an inspired lesson on standing on your own pedestal and turning your nose up at less fortunate undesirables." Mechanism appeared, leading two red-shirted generic Bad Guys, "the nameless, thankless cronies of the business," as Asinine put it. Reports from Intergalactic Protection revealed that Asinine was low on those. He was also low on laundry detergent.
"I shall not waste my sublime talents on fool's errands. I do not suppose you two witless boors will make this toilsome task any less tiring."
One of the witless boors responded with an overenthusiastic nod, like a chimpanzee trying to communicate. "Yup, yup. Make this toilsome task any less tiresome." The other one chose to remain silent, though he, too, nodded. He scratched his butt crack and sniffed his hand. Huh. Ace Spandex didn't want to be mean, but "witless boor" was an apt title.
Ace Spandex should have known who was coming since only Mechanism's ego fit into that watermelon-sized helmet atop those conceited shoulders. If Mechanism kept babbling, Ace would go searching for Ice Cream Headache to serve up that rum raisin in a double-scoop lobotomy.
Mechanism strode past the hall and approached the door to the master communication room without noticing Ace Spandex. He now stood only twenty feet away. Ace would make too much noise if he sneaked off now: that snoot's robotic helmet picked up even the slightest sound. Seriously. Ace Spandex had read reports of Mechanism hearing a drop of wine dribble to the floor from a hundred yards away and ignoring it because that wine left a woody aftertaste.
Mechanism would definitely spot Ace Spandex once that mechanical goon turned around. Ace's only choice was to strike Mechanism before battling his dim-witted accomplices. He scrutinized his baseball bat and now wished it were a sword.
Like a mallet into cracked concrete, his heart drove into his ribs. He crept forward one step...two steps...reared the bat back...three steps...reared the bat back more in preparation to strike...tripped over his own foot...stumbled between Mechanism and a generic...slammed his nose into the wall...dropped his bat with an aluminum clatter...fell to the ground...felt like an idiot.
Mechanism spurted a single sardonic laugh. "How droll. A comedy show led by an utter waste of my effort. Lift him to his feet, generics, so I am not forced to stoop."
Ace felt his arms jerking up. His body followed. Blood trickled from his nostrils down his lip. If that were the worst thing to happen today, he'd thank his luck. Unfortunately, he had the distressing feeling he'd suffer through either Mechanism's big-headed remarks or Asinine's small-headed attempts at humor. Either way, someone's head wasn't the right size.
"Fine, fine." Ace Spandex wrenched his arms away from the obtuse generics. He wiped his nose. "Just lead me to the embark/disembark room, and I'll be out of your hair." He flourished a hand as if declaring a royal decree. Good for him. The generics looked convinced.
Mechanism did not. "Oh, no, my dear prattling insect. Your more-than-astonishing inferiority and its less-than-surefooted spectacle shall accompany me to my more-than-inferior and less-than-spectacular leader. Perhaps then shall he allow me one evening's respite without requesting I recharge his nightlight. Hrmph. This should be the last time I maintain the charade that his possessions are charged only by intelligence."
"Insects don't prattle." Ace Spandex ducked away from Mechanism's bulky body suit. "Just that...earlier...you said...Never mind."
Mechanism grabbed Ace Spandex and shoved him forward. Ace Spandex smacked into the floor again but righted himself, his nose no longer smoldering but now feeling hot like a burning brushfire. He wiped away twin lines of drooling blood.
"Move, keeper of bottomless stupidity. Waste not my precious time or my superior acumen." Mechanism crossed his arms in full vanity mode. Someone must have turned the delusion knob on his back all the way to eleven.
Ace Spandex staggered forward with trouble, almost losing his balance again. "Are you bringing me to Master Asinine? Just asking because he ordered a whole slew of burgers, and I'd like in on that action. I haven't eaten."
"Oh, hoorah. May I witness you both stuffing your faces with imitation cow carcasses? I would be ever so grateful."
"You may."
Chapter Eighteen: Shadow Boxing
The ceiling exploded! A blinding green light permeated Harrier's red vision. The blast clouted the blooming floor and left a sizzling hole as the only proof of its existence. Pepper yelped and leaped away, a red-splotchy hand at her heart. But she steeled herself as if wanting to show no fear in front of the adversarial gender.
"Bird beast, help me open this one." Pepper slapped an open palm on the surface of a door, the sixth one along their chaotic escape route. Harrier stumbled to the door, knackered with the hope that he wouldn't catch himself on objects his vision blurred to invisibility. He groaned and, with Pepper, forced the door open in yanks. A new haunt control couldn't come soon enough. Neither could corrected sight. Actually, neither could his next vacation, which he'd decided had gone from a two-week stay in Brommista on Gaia to a one-hundred-year stay at the resort farthest from anything to do with the Bad Guys, jade blasts, and that bloody doorframe on which he'd just stubbed his toe.
"Refrain, please, from calling me a bird beast, madam. I am Harrier, or, if you must, Power Plant prefers 'that awesome fly with them wings.'" He rubbed his eyes, but they remained dry. Watering them with forced tears only stung. "Now, stay behind me for your own protection, you blinkered nutter."
Pepper snorted and chirped. "Yeah, right, bird beast. I outshot and outran half the men in my platoon before I was kicked out. That's not an opinion. That's on record. I won Best Use of a Mortar Grenade that year. So I need your protection like I need to lose my job. Oh, wait! I already did!" She elbowed past Harrier. Harrier's lungs vacuumed empty with the blow.
First Harrier had separated himself from his allies. A daft idea despite Power Plant's sponge cake–induced energy level. Next, he'd blooming smashed headlong into this sodding princess of a protestor who abhorred men more than Car Alarm abhorred quietude. Third, the spray had blinded him. In fact, he'd let that take daft slots three through nine. Tenth, he relied on Pepper, who knew nothing about this space station, to navigate them from danger. His path to safety involved clattering into furniture and splitting open his shins on any corner he managed to "find."
With a gasp, Harrier followed through the door. The blob Harrier recognized as Pepper reached the door at the end of this hallway and braced her feet against the carpet to force it open. She gritted her teeth and exerted a stronger push. "You morons ever"—grunt—"heard of l tech?"
"Have you ever heard of an act of politeness?" Harrier groped his way to the door, his talons scratching along walls. Laser-paint peeled under his nails. "Please allow me to open this for you, you tosspot." Well-meaning tosspot, but still.
"I don't—ugh—need to allow you anything," Pepper said. But, exhaustion overcoming her, she relinquished. "Fine. You need to solve everything anyway. Go ahead."
Harrier smoothed his fingers over the door, searching for the fingerholds he could use to open it. Finally he found them and wrestled the door aside with metal-shrieking yanks. "Our leader fears l tech, so he has requested it remain absent from Station One."
Pepper snorted again. "Great leadership. Now where's it gotten us?"
"In my sights, ya punk," a rough voice said.
Harrier leaped back from the whir of an awakening weapon. The burning-rubber reek of breath, the plastic smell of mutated skin, the Bronx accent, the squishy footsteps.
"And punkette." Plaster grinned at Pepper. Never discriminating against sex.
Oh, manky. A row with Plaster. Harrier pictured the melting-and-replenishing skin of that scientific experiment, the flesh pattering to the floor in globs. Feet stomped closer, pounded more loudly. Plaster's salmon-colored body blended into Harrier's red-tinged sight with every movement.
"Remain out of harm's way. I will deal with this interloper." Harrier had to protect Pepper. No harm would come to her other than the mental bollocks that society had already inflicted.
A genetic cannon in Plaster's hand leered at Harrier. It was the only thing glowing in his eyesight. A beam charged in the barrel with a green glow that smoldered intently. Harrier bolted aside from the clackity-clack of Asinine's newest dignity-tossing weapon readying itself for a firefight. Or a peanut fight if this was last week's leftover firearm.
"Stand still so I can blast ya ta mush!" Plaster lifted his aim at Harrier.
Harrier beat his wings furiously and rose into the air. He dived, zoomed at Plaster, smashed into him. Both rolled aside and struck a wall. The cannon whacked Harrier in the head and skidded away. Plaster was probably uninjured since his modified body provided him an almost impenetrable resilience.
Pepper hopped against a wall. "Bird beast, I'll find a weapon! You pop him one in the kidney!"
"If I could locate his kidney, I would. Since your pepper spray has infected my vision, I cannot tell his face from his rear."
"Yeah, I get that a lot," Plaster said. "Anyway, freeze, sucker. I got ya where I want ya. You too, suckette." Like a devil's mouth, his hungry, splotchy smile grinned at Harrier, his eyes like spotlights in the red haze.
Harrier tried standing, but his palm slipped on Plaster's trail that had coated the carpet during their roll. Yuck. He'd later clean, double-clean, triple-clean, sterilize, and sever his hands. Maybe sever at the elbow just to make sure.
"He's two steps at three o'clock, bird beast. Give him a hook!"
Three o'clock? They were resorting to clock positions? Barely able to spot Plaster, Harrier flung out a fist. The back of his hand smeared against some of the Bad Guy's slimy skin. Ugh. He tried again by balling a fist into Plaster's face. Huh. He flicked the muck from his hands. Clock positioning worked. It was unclean, but it worked, blast it.
"Ow, my snout." Plaster rubbed a hand on his nose. "So you're wantin' a fistfight, ya pissin' overgrown sparrow? Ya got it."
"Yes, a fistfight, you maladjusted troglodyte." Harrier tightened his hands.
"What? Who uses the word troglodyte?" Plaster dropped his adobe-hard fists. "I ain't in the mood for your aristocratic crock, ya aristocratic crock. An' that bush-top o' blond hair ain't exactly a favorite either."
"One o'clock!" Pepper leaped onto a splotchy chair. "Do you even have a metal rod around here, you minimalists?"
Harrier flung another fist, but the Plaster splotch (which seared his eyes less than the actual image of Plaster) dashed aside. For this fight, Harrier needed to rely on smell to back up Pepper's coaching. Fortunately, he was fighting Plaster.
From the sidelines, Pepper punched the blooming air as if sparring. "Two o'clock. But watch your talons. Scratches on those are hard to buff out."
Plaster whipped his double-sized hand at Harrier—"Duck, bird beast," Pepper said—Harrier ducked. He responded by pecking his fingers into Plaster's face. Turned out that was his shoulder. Blast! He couldn't fault himself, though. Plaster was such an ugly minger that Harrier would have made the same mistake with perfect vision.
Plaster stumbled into the wall, heeling and splitting the baseboard. His ugly red splotch recovered and hammered both fists across Harrier's face. Harrier flung backward and smashed to the floor with sparks in his vision. How could Harrier deal with Plaster? The odds against their survival made him feel weak. So did the crack Plaster kicked into his kneecap.
"Two o'clock again!" Pepper stepped forward and tried a kick against Plaster's hip.
"Two o'cl—" Plaster chuckled. "Wait. You're blind, ain'tcha? This is too easy."
Harrier still choked from Plaster's attack. He could barely lift himself off the bloody floor, but he made it onto all fours like a gippy mongrel. He threw a finger at Pepper and stood. "Are you puggled, woman? Step back!" Only by knowing all the factors could he manage the situation, keep Pepper safe. Her erratic movements were throwing those factors afoul.
"Step back? Not on your life. I'm looking for a weapon! He's at three nineteen."
"Three nineteen?" Harrier's guard came down. He gawked at her splotch. "Honestly, what sort of—"
Plaster gunned a knee into Harrier's hip before crashing a foot down on his chest. With each pulverizing clout, he felt as if a leaky nostril hit him.
Harrier's vision swam, pickling everything in his blemished sight. Plaster's red-pickled foot crushed harder, and his pickled grin became evident in his chuckle. "Ya think ya can take me on wit' no vision? What a waste of a good fistfight. I knew I shoulda stayed at home wit' my cross-stitchin'."
"We have the same hobby?" peeped a pickled Pepper from her spectator's chair.
Couldn't...breathe. Harrier swam in his own head. Plaster's colossal muscles flexed, burgeoning like an inflating lung. Harrier clutched Plaster's cinderblock thigh. His vision was less red now, more black, his hearing less grunts, more fading whispers, his nose—Actually, the blooming reek in the room improved now that his senses were taking the rest of the day off.
Like a giant amoeba, Plaster's form wigwagged. But huh? The amoeba split in two. And one split grew arms holding...an object. A vase? Yay for hallucinations.
In a window-crack shatter, the vase disintegrated overtop Plaster's skull. Plaster grunted, fell aside, and—was Harrier's vision clearing? He vaguely made out the shards of porcelain sticking out of Plaster's spud-ugly skull.
Plaster's head struck the wall and busted through it. He slackened, his face embedded in the damaged dry rot. He didn't rise, but he still breathed, which did nothing for the bloody smell wafting from his vulgar maw.
Pepper was on the chair. She hopped off, at her feet the broken vase. "Good blind fighting. Only a few people whose eyes I've poked out can fight like that."
Harrier blinked. His eyes still felt like desert sand dunes. His vision remained hazy, but color was returning. "Thank you. You helped maintain our advantage, maintain control. You were the least scabby sort you've acted since we bumped into each other—I mean, smashed into each other." Hrm. Who'd been protecting whom here?
"It was the only thing I could find that even came close to a weapon." Pepper almost smiled. Almost. She didn't scowl, though. She stepped forward—
Harrier threw his arms in front of his face. "Stay away from my eyes."
"Relax, bird beast." She passed by en route to the door through which they'd intended to go before meeting Plaster's traffic-stopping face. As she passed, she patted his back. And sociably! "I'll give you a stay of gouging until three nineteen."
"Heh. That would be funny to those with less intelligence than a boar." Wryly, Harrier smiled. "Kamikaze might like it."
Chapter Nineteen: Blah Blah Safety First Yada Yada
Power Plant limped/bounded into the grimy armory and squashed a discarded aluminum can under the heel below his bruised ankle. He plucked it off his boot. His sinuses tightened, and a pout curled his lip. The can reminded him of his brother: it was a Red Bull.
If anything could bring Mark back to him, it hid in this darkened armory. Tendrils squeezed his chest. If those Bad Guys took Mark away from him again, he would claw out their entrails.
The ramshackle robot at the armory's sign-out desk was off, which made shoving past it and grabbing anything that could puncture a hole through anything else all the easier. Legion had said Power Plant should practice hitting the broadside of a barn, so when he grabbed the laser-missile-crunch-tactical-mortar nunchakus, he'd wail on whatever barn broadsides were within wailing distance. Which, if he remembered, were none. Still, he was sure some unsuspecting farm community would love for him to clear some space off their fields.
"Total Eureka Blast launching in T minus fifteen minutes."
"Shut up, stupids 'puter voice." His pout deepened. "An' gimme back my brotha."
Smithereens and Patton entered. They'd piss on his shooting party in more ways than he could count—around five—but he'd act like he always acted when someone offered guidance: stick out his tongue, cover his ears, and yammer nonsense.
"You ain't goin' nowhere near the blasters for the crashers, eh, buddy," Smithereens said. Already putting a stop to the rescue mission Power Plant was launching for Mark? Awful babysitter. Always telling him what he could and couldn't destroy. Oftentimes the couldn'ts far outweighed the coulds. Outweighed them by 100 percent.
"That's what you's says. I goes in here where the weapons is an' finds stuff to blow funky stuff up, startin' with thems melt-blasters and some other crap I always gets in trouble for. And Mark's better be alive to ground me for it."
Power Plant climbed over the sign-out counter and caught his achy foot on the robot. He crashed onto the wood-panel floor. Someone would clean up that forehead blood later.
He hobbled to the aisles of weapons to collect something that could swat that Bad Guy behemoth out of the sky. Behind him, Smithereens babbled some protest—blah blah blah, don't touch anything, yada yada yada, don't have fun, whatever whatever whatever, the end of all intelligent life—so he grabbed only a couple of small missile launchers, a few pistols, a semiautomatic weapon, and a discarded raisin he'd found in a dusty corner. Oh, it was a spider. Tasted like a raisin, though.
Down the hall, a genetic blast pulverized the ceiling and punctured the floor. Counting the holes already punched through the floor when they'd arrived, Power Plant saw this hallway had now suffered one hit. A hot spot.
Smithereens climbed over the counter. "Eh, buddy, to deal with fat baddy, I don't think we need fat tailgate missiles." Was he referring to Multipurpose? Who cared when Mark remained trapped on that starship? "In fact, worst we'll need is a sweat guard, eh."
"I ain't think the armorium's got sweat guards, but it got dis awesome cockroach launch-it." Power Plant dropped the weapons he'd collected to grab a strange pneumatic tube with a trigger assembly.
From the other side of the armory's counter, Patton examined the tube and noticed on its side the Asinine Seal of Approval. "You confiscated that from Lowensland? Do you have one of his You're Inside Out Blasters? I've always wanted to give one a try."
"Buddy, that ain't even primed for the crime." Smithereens eased a hand over Power Plant's pneumatic tube to take it, but Power Plant yanked it away.
"Is now." Power Plant shook it, which caused a cockroach to scurry out of the barrel and plop to the ground. He stuck his nose into the barrel. "Someone loaded it wit' somethings stinky. Here. Take a whiff." He angled the barrel at Smithereens's nose, but Smithereens politely refused.
"Quiet." Patton's hand left his mustache. A finger intersected his lips. "Someone's coming. Can we close this door?"
"Not with the haunt control offline," Smithereens said. "Or without our good buddy Jeff blowin' up the hallway, eh."
"Or wiffout our good buddy me blowin' up the whole entire tower, eh."
"You crocking crock-sacks," a voice said with such fetid abhorrence that Power Plant tasted venom in the air. Air venom tasted like spider raisins. "You impugn my ninja skills"—the voice huffed as if another bounding step brought the speaker closer to exhaustion—"and I'll show you the meaning of the word ninja death. I mean, the meaning of the words. Both mea—Crock it, my ninja muscles don't give my ninja lungs enough room for me to mince crocking semantics." The voice huffed again.
A rippling body of blubbering lard shuffled around the corner, each of its steps causing tidal undulations flowing up its flesh and flapping together its five or six chins as if they were slabs of meaty dominoes. The body belonged to the self-proclaimed deity of the ninja and ninjalike: Multipurpose, so media-named because he claimed he was useful in every situation. Actually, he was useful only at buffets and perhaps the odd pie-eating contest. The odd one. He'd reportedly gorged on a few bone pies in his time. Just to prove his "ninja jaws could handle it."
Crock. Mark's rescue didn't have time for this mass of pudgy goo. The body rounded the corner, attached to a sagging, jowl-curtained face and legs that bowed from the sheer weight of such a spherical blimp. He walked, which rattled the pictures that hung from the wall. Clammy white skin drooled sweat, probably from the incredible strain of carrying the genetic transformer he hugged in both hands. Someone like Power Plant could lift a crude weapon easily, but Multipurpose had lifted nothing heavier than a greasy strip of bacon or, when starving, the whole pig.
Power Plant dropped the pneumatic tube and snatched up an armor-piercing blaster. Not even cockroaches would want to tangle with that billowy girth. But the blaster would bring Mark back and ensure his brother never left again. Power Plant didn't know why that made sense, but the logic sounded awesomely destructive.
Patton stepped toward the armory's exit, pulling out his pistol. "I'll take this graham cracker–less s'more." He held the pistol high.
Smithereens reached out a hand. "No way, buddy sir. Stay in here. It's fortified. Fat baddy could cause some super quake-and-shake in the hall that would rock and roll the ceilin' for the reelin'. He's dangerous when he has to move the groove, eh, buddy."
Smithereens climbed back over the counter with a pistol he held distastefully. He slid it into his holster. He had always made known his preference for explosives over firearms.
Power Plant clambered over the counter just to watch the action. Good ninja action was hard to come by, but blubbery ninja action was even harder. The fat was gonna fly! Franchise was a sucker for missing this.
Smithereens stepped forward, leaving the relative safety of the armory for the windowed hallway that remained shadowed with The Bad Guy Starship blotting out the sun. "Fat ninja baddy, stay where you are, eh."
"Crock off!" Multipurpose slammed a fist into the wall and stopped to give the chalk-white ripples that squirmed up his thighs time to subside. He stamped a foot—and crunched through the floor, almost breaking his leg at the knee.
Power Plant scowled. "That's won't be good for the hallway. S'funny to watch, though."
"Crock, crock, crock, crocking weak spot in the floor." Multipurpose pounded the floor with a fist. From a satchel on his weapon belt, he grabbed a spiked ball and whipped it away furiously, then another ball, and another. "Stupid, stupid, stupid. If not for my crocking ninja reflexes and ironlike ninja skin, I could have been injured."
He lifted his leg out of the hole but stumbled to his knees. His sweaty face drooped with exhaustion, and he sputtered a cough. Finally, he stood, his hands slick with perspiration that left filmy handprints along whatever he touched. Power Plant wondered why Smithereens needed to protect anyone from this dude. The only one needing protection from Multipurpose was whomever orbited within snacking distance.
Smithereens proceeded down the hallway. He drummed his fingers against his holster, ready to pull out the small pistol nestled inside. Multipurpose's kielbasa fingers flexed at his side, preparing to snatch up the genetic transformer.
Power Plant limped forward and looked back and forth between them. He watched their eyes become slits, their cheeks tighten. Smithereens's nose twitched at the body odor that wafted from Multipurpose's raunchy armpits. Power Plant wished deodorizers hung from those sagging recesses of grease. He'd suggest a jasmine-scented air freshener or, if Multipurpose felt so inclined, a pineapple grenade. Or even if Multipurpose weren't so inclined. Power Plant had had enough of those inclines.
"Multipurpose." Patton positioned himself next to Smithereens. "You don't have to fight this battle. Just get on your starship and never come back."
"An' use a treadmill." Power Plant pinched his nose. "An' socks."
"I'm not going crocking anywhere." Multipurpose smiled, though his smile resembled two overcooked hot dogs. His teeth were gray with patches of mustard yellow. He patted the side of his genetic transformer. "With this thing, I've got all the advantage I need to take care of you crockers. And I don't have to lift a finger."
Power Plant examined his girth. "That 'cause ya can't lift—Forget it. Too easy."
"Total Eureka Blast launching in T minus ten minutes. Brush up on your Finnish with the acclaimed videochip set Learn Finnish in Ten Minutes a Day."
Power Plant checked the genetic transformer that rested by Multipurpose's side or, rather, that sat on the rim of his top spare tire. "Ninjas ain't supposeds to use guns."
"Huh?" Multipurpose slackened. Every pillow of blubber, every roll of stomach, every jiggle of lard settled with his body. It was a sight Power Plant wanted never to see again, especially after a croissant dropped from between two tubes of stomach lard. And a bird from a species Power Plant swore had been extinct for decades.
"Ninjas ain't supposeds to use guns. Ain't it 'gainst some ninja code? I mean, use it if ya wants, but...I dunno...bad karma for them real ninjas." Power Plant couldn't believe the ninja community. No accountability.
"Crock, I knew this was too crocking simple." Multipurpose pounded a foot, cracking a new fracture into the floor. He dropped the genetic gun, and it slammed against his leg. Hard to miss that tendon. It was like a sandbag.
"Don' worry. I ain't tellings nobody. They probably don't wanna knows. I didn't."
An aura of relief washed over Multipurpose. It didn't counter the stench of sweat that had washed over him a thousand times before. Unless relief smelled like sweat. "Crock, thanks. I might have been in real crocking trouble."
"You's in real trouble? I the one's gotta looks at ya flabby armpits. Put thems arms down."
Multipurpose's relief heated into growling resentment. This emotion smelled like sweat as well. "You crocking little crocker." He yanked a sai out of his weapon belt but then gingerly rubbed his shoulder. "Ooh, ooh. Too many ninja muscles interfering with other ninja muscles. They hate sudden movements."
"Then they won't like this blow for the show, eh, buddy." Smithereens pulled out his pistol.
Multipurpose's jaw fell. He dropped his sai, which speared into the floor beside the genetic transformer. He blinked. Power Plant couldn't be sure, but Multipurpose's ninja sweat was collecting at the crotch of his ninja banana hammock. Was that sweat? Looked yellow. It bathed his inner leg nonetheless.
Now to get his brother back, no matter how much yellow sweat he'd swim through. And no matter how nasty that last thought sounded.
Chapter Twenty: Happy Reunion
Burnout had reached the cockpit of The Bad Guy Starship and waited outside the l door's vanishing range. He heard only lip smacking, as if Asinine had taken his radium-eating contest on the road. But that was impossible since Burnout heard no screams of anyone melting after having not learned from previous Bad Guy–hosted contests. Or Bad Guy–hosted Thanksgivings.
Burnout heated his fingers, setting his hands alight to prepare a blast that would blow this starship back to the foul manufacturing plant that had assembled it. Even the hairs on his arms singed the air with a sharp odor. Threaten his brother's life and his gag reflexes, would Asinine? He would pay.
His fists resembled blackened skeletons under the tempest of his violent fire. Those fists climbed the Celsius scale like a trickle of mercury up a thermometer. But he pushed it farther. He'd need all the fire he could muster against this Bad Guy party. And up another notch. Even Burnout himself felt the heat, though was it all in his head? He wondered sometimes if he felt heat at all.
He marched toward the door, his body awash in flame from the neck down. The door disappeared when he stormed through.
There was Asinine, standing near the windshield. A wad of hamburger bun sat mashed up on his tongue. He lifted a waving hand and curled his gawking mouth into a smile. "Hey...what's your media name again? Whatever. How are you, fiery, angry, red guy? Oh. Still fiery, angry, and red, I see. Well, aren't you hard to please?"
Legion sat on the floor in the corner, bound so tightly in laser rope that his shoulders looked misaligned. "Burnout, am I glad you made it in here. Lowensland was about to reenact his favorite moments from Universe's Bloodiest Sneezes."
Burnout sent a fist reeling into a nearby machine and gunned Legion with a hateful stare. "I'll deal with you later. Right now I'm here to talk business with this psychopath." Nothing would stand in the way of tearing into Asinine and burning him from the inside out. He curled his hand and let rip a palm-blast of fire that engulfed a monitor near where that hunchback and the lieutenant competed in a Mr. Pong arcade console. Both jolted away from the path of flame that crackled the console into shards.
"Lieutenant, your eyebrows are missing." Asinine tossed him a laser pen. "You'll need this to impress the ladies tomorrow at our Bad Guys Paint the Town Red night. Just don't point it directly at your face. And remember the paint this time." He chewed into his hamburger, but a mixed spray of mustard and ketchup squirted his suit's lapel. "Oh, man. And I was doing so well."
"Asinine, this is insane. Stop your genetic transformer." Legion struggled to his feet. "Now."
"And miss out on all that genetic crap science can bastardize? I think not. I'm this close to getting this thing to splice me a shark/yak. Genetic voodoo hasn't mixed anything that cool since Neapolitan ice cream."
"Total Eureka Blast launching in T minus five minutes. Now is a great time to say your final prayers at Gathering Hope Church and Vomitorium. Look us up in your local listings."
Furious fire still bathed Burnout's fists. He stiffly strode toward Asinine, melting footsteps into the floor. He wanted to strangle the lowlife. He couldn't. To stop that hateful genetic weapon, he needed the reprobate alive.
He burst a kick into Asinine's stomach, a waste of a good punt since aiming a little lower could stop the crackpot from procreating. "Shut off that machine, or I'll destroy everything in this cockpit until I figure out how to stop it myself."
Lieutenant IQ 23 spoke up. "Sir, I think you would be wise to—"
"Yes, yes, Lieutenant, I know. He's already wrecked Mr. Pong. No way am I letting him anywhere close to Pac-Hombre."
Asinine leaped forward and cracked his forehead into Burnout's face. Burnout staggered onto the hunchback whose stomach felt more jellylike than marmalade. He couldn't concentrate, so the flames in his hands dissipated as quickly as if caught in a downpour. The fire sizzled to searing smoke. His unlighted fists uncurled. He lunged forward—Asinine clouted his cheek.
Asinine's glove hissed from Burnout's heat, its multicolored polyester and rhinestone now blackened. "What a waste of memorabilia from an era of Terran history long forgotten. Long forgotten for a reason, mind you. I never noticed how ugly this thing looked." He pinched the glove off distastefully and let it fall from his fingers.
"Burnout"—in the corner, Legion struggled with the laser rope entangling his arms. His head banged against a hoversled of hamburgers and cookies—"help me."
Burnout sneered at him. "If I find the time."
"Total Eureka Blast launching in T minus four minutes. Don't forget Downtown Daytona's sale on mouthwash. Thirty moolahs off with the purchase of a hippopotamus."
"Don't mess with me, Good Guy." With a devilish wink, Asinine's teeth glinted in the light. "It's a grave mistake to mess with someone who can suplex an eagle."
"Suplex this." Burnout cracked a fist into Asinine's jaw.
Asinine's face twisted back. He returned the favor with bullhorn fingers that stabbed Burnout's eyes. "How about I suplex your eye sockets?"
In pain, Burnout slapped his hands over his face.
"How can you suplex eye sockets?" Legion asked. "I just want to know."
"Not now, Legion." Burnout didn't even look at the Good Guy leader. He and Asinine circled each other. Burnout wanted to peel off Asinine's skin and hang it from the landing gear of this very starship.
Asinine snapped forward. Pounded Burnout's face. Another clout cracked over his skull. The other hand raked nails across his neck. The next attack applied a dreaded purple nurple.
Asinine smashed a boot into Burnout's leg. Something cracked, but it didn't break. A fist bashed across his nose, rasped his forehead with rhinestones from his remaining leisure glove.
Burnout stumbled back and flopped over a table. His mouth tasted copper. He stood and spat something into his hand. Blood. And a tooth. He wiped his forehead. More blood seeped from a gash that flowed like sweat in a boxing match.
He felt his burning cheek where a wound throbbed. His internal boiler for Asinine raged hotter. "Who wears a leisure suit anymore? They went out, what, ten thousand years ago?"
Asinine settled a foot onto a chair and raised a finger. "Actually, the suit appeared with acclaim in 1970 Terran time, which was about seven thousand one hundred and forty years ago." He grinned, but he seemed to sense surprise among the cockpit's occupants. His smile wilted. "What, I can know something, can't I?"
"Total Eureka Blast launching in T minus three minutes."
Asinine's mouth became a thin slit. His eyes looked as hostile as the color coordination of his kaleidoscopic leisure suit. "You wake up from a coma just so for me to put you back into one. This is turning out exactly like our last fight."
"One thing's different." Burnout stepped back, coughing smoke from his overexerted lungs. Asinine didn't even pant.
"Yeah? What's that?"
"I have a score to settle." Burnout pounded a fist into Asinine's face. With the sheer strength of the blow, that leisure-suited pissant lifted up, curved back, and crashed against a table labeled FRAU AIR HOCKEY. The table fragmented into metal rods and splayed wooden stakes, and its air tubes tangled out in a spaghetti mess. The table flattened against the ground.
Aside from the slow rise and fall of his chest, Asinine lay unmoving on top of the table's debris. Out cold. No! Now who would shut off that machine? Burnout kicked the lowlife's ribs before spinning around at IQ 23 and that nose-picking hunchback who was chasing a wet one around the wall of his nostril.
"Anyone else know how to stop that countdown?" Burnout's words churned through his teeth.
Lieutenant IQ 23 tapped the hunchback's shoulder. The hunchback didn't stop his circular hunt but acknowledged IQ 23 with a lethargic "huh" in his expression.
"I think it's time we leave," Lieutenant IQ 23 said.
"Clogged bathroom up is anyway in toilet, yes yes," the hunchback said in a feeble attempt at a sentence that could only be called such since it had a noun and a verb.
"Next time try the plunger."
Both lackeys slunk toward Asinine's body and passed the burned husk of Mrs. Frogger. They heaved Asinine up and slung him into the fawning lieutenant's arms. The l door faded to allow them to toil out of the cockpit, and...in the empty doorframe appeared the mechanical Bad Guy, Mechanism. Burnout's fists retightened.
"Total Eureka Blast launching in T minus two minutes."
"What idiocy have those two foolhardy fools and their brain-splayed leader wrought this time?" Mechanism entered with Ace Spandex in tow. He flung Ace across the room, which sent him slamming into the cockpit's computer bank.
"I've got no time for your crock, you robotic-suited snob." Burnout grabbed Legion by the collar and heaved him up with one hand. With the other hand, he spewed a thick current of flame that burst through the l windshield. The windshield's silicate glass sputtered with static and dissipated.
"Burnout, what are you doing?" Legion floundered around by his anchored collar. "And your grip is digging into my larynx. By accident, I hope."
In only seconds, the starship's circuits would cool and become operational again. In minutes, a new windshield would replace the shattered one. Burnout heaved Legion back—and tossed him through the cockpit-spanning opening as casually as if hurling a bowling ball down an alley. Legion glanced against the rim of the windshield and spun out in a downward arc.
Burnout grabbed Ace Spandex, who tried to writhe away. "Hey, I'm not—hey!"
He liked Ace Spandex, so he offered a warning: "Curl into a ball. Less chance of injury when you hit bottom."
Ace sputtered. "When I hit bottom?"
Burnout launched Ace out. Ace cleared the rim of the windshield, but by how he was flailing his arms, Burnout thought he might give Legion a good smack on the way down.
"Total Eureka Blast launching in T minus one minute." Burnout wished that haunt control would shut—the piss—up.
Burnout sized up Mechanism and his two accompanying generics. The one with the sloping brow looked quizzically at the one who acted as if he banged rocks together to cook dinner, which was probably a meal of rocks.
Burnout let a ripple of flame from his finger build into a bonfire that zigzagged up his arms, engulfing them. The fire enveloped his shoulders, neck and head, torso, traveled down his legs, tickled the ground, set the space under his boots aflame. The temperature shot up to a level only Burnout could find tolerable. The two generics shielded their faces and protected their unibrows. They retreated back a step, no doubt choking on a blanket of stifling intensity.
"Total Eureka Blast launching in T minus thirty seconds."
"You have cleared out the riffraff for our little juvenile scuffle, I see." Mechanism directed a wrist at Burnout and angled his hand downward. A long panel on his forearm flipped over to reveal a double-barreled swivel gun that extended and aimed.
"Your two generics are still here." Burnout regarded them with a glint in his eye.
"These two. Hrmph." Mechanism redirected his swivel gun, and in an instant, light-bullets cracked from it into the heads of the two generics. They collapsed like ragdolls. "Fighting. So, so infantile that it lies beneath what lies beneath my feet. I believe I shall merely shoot you dead and enjoy the occasion with a chilled bottle of Conceited Rosetta. Crushed and fermented in the deepest canyons of Hawayanta's rich vineyards—"
"Oh, stop nattering." Like a bursting supernova, Burnout exploded with flame that soon smothered the cockpit's computer banks and caused metal to curl and snap, plastic to melt and dissolve, popcorn in the pantry to pop. The room reeked of fake butter.
Amid Burnout's crimson/orange/yellow firestorm, Mechanism's form raised an off-white arm to block his face. If the suit's circuits weren't yet cooked, they would be soon.
The genetic transformer said over the cackling blaze, "Countdown for Total Eureka Blast at five—"
Crock, here it came. I'm sorry, Jeff was Burnout's sole thought.
"—four...three...t—"
Silence.
Silence from the computer. Burnout listened for "two," but it was never spoken. He had broiled the computer's insides to sauce! He crumpled. Jeff was safe.
Time to vacate. Burnout unfolded. He hopped onto the navigator computer and leaped out the windshield. Cold wind lashed against him. He spotted Ace Spandex below, who fanned his arms out, flailing, flapping. Burnout straightened into an arrow, dissipated the flames on his hands, dived...dived...and grabbed Ace Spandex by the belt. He directed himself toward Legion, almost hoping the military self-gratifier had already hit bottom, disappointed to discover he hadn't.
Burnout flattened his arms and legs, plunged, pushed himself harder, and grabbed Legion's collar. Legion strangled out a choke, so Burnout slowed his fall, softened it, slowed, softened, reached five feet aboveground. There he dropped Legion, watched the green man smack onto a wilting garden and jab a shoulder against an exposed tree root. He recovered, though Burnout paid him little mind.
Burnout eased Ace Spandex to the ground. He braced his hands on his knees to breathe away his dizziness. No. No time. His lungs burned strenuously, but he ached to return to that cockpit and finish the fight.
Legion groaned to his feet on creaking bones. "Mark, listen—"
"You listen." Burnout shoved Legion back. He didn't even want that loathsome leader breathing the same oxygen. "I know my brother and I signed up for danger when we joined, but this is the second time you've sent him on a dead-end, suicide mission without weighing the risks. That's not leadership, that's recklessness. Never, ever again suggest my brother board that death trap. Ever. Or I will end you." He marched a few paces from the garden and rocketed into the air like a light-bullet.
* * *
Mechanism squinted at his helmet's display to see through the smoldering inferno that sizzled in his vision. His eye slit had fogged, so he used his antifog device to clear it. Windshield wipers always came in handy.
Today's ham-fisted botchery—but what other outcome would one expect from a Master Asinine original plan?—had brought the Bad Guys nothing but degradation, wasted effort, and a humongous pile of scorched hamburgers and sticky sandwich cookies. At least if no one minded cellophane melted into their buns and that pungent reek of bug spray, the burgers were still edible by plebian standards. Or, frankly, by anyone's standards other than Mechanism's.
Sprinklers popped from the ceiling and stormed forth a downpour to extinguish the pyre. Mechanism quickened to the main computer bank. He felt vindicated that he had convinced Master Asinine to load the sprinklers with flame retardant instead of fluffy bunny fur as the original plan had dictated.
He plodded over debris and tapped a few buttons on the starship's computer bank. The computers crackled in response as if thinking proved too laborious. And why not? It was, after all, Master Asinine's equipment. So beneath a student of the great Frederick Snogsbottom.
That accursed genetic weapon would never work again. Mechanism groaned. The mission was a failure. Good. Now he was free to locate that source of immense power he had earlier found. To fly this starship home with the computers down, he would have to take control through his suit's hacking software. "Control, acknowledge. Return home."
"Returning home and stopping off for some sensational sales at—"
"Oh, shut your accursed speaker hole."
"I could with the great deals on haunt control muzzles at Stock-Mart. So—"
"I told you to shut your accursed speaker hole!"
* * *
Burnout sped toward the sun-squelching Bad Guy Starship, shielding his eyes from the sunlight. He peered up at the starship that angled away and—The Bad Guys were leaving? The starship knifed through Station One's atmospheric bubble in a metallic streak that zipped into the landscape of the sky. The bubble burbled apart but gelled back together when the starship had cleared it.
"No." Burnout tightened his hands. Fire cascaded from them. With waves of hot air lifting him, he propelled upward. "Get back here!"
But the starship fled way too quickly for Burnout to catch. It soon reached a safe distance to enter interstellar travel. Its aft wings, its thrusters, its CAUTION: AWESOME CRAP ON BOARD bumper sticker, all of it disappeared in a flash that instantly vaporized when ripples of bent space carried the Bad Guys to the rock under which they buried their unbalanced heads.
Burnout reached the atmospheric bubble. He hammered fists against its jellylike surface, reddening his knuckles though he didn't care. He smacked his palms against it, his skin now a raw pink of tender aches. "You think you can threaten Jeff and escape? Get back here!"
They were gone. Burnout slammed a final punch against the bubble and felt an electric shock of sore flesh yelp through his knuckles and into his wrist. The Bad Guys had disappeared. His muscles twitched with unspent ire.
He lowered himself to the ground and vowed to one day beat that self-satisfied smirk off Master Asinine's face. And, if opportunity arose, to beat the carelessness out of Legion. He didn't know which would please him more, but first he needed to calm down with pie.
Chapter Twenty-One: Harrier's Throwing a Barbecue
Harrier stared up at the hole in the ceiling through which the Total Eureka Blast had threatened to bollocks him into barbecue sauce. Harrier hated barbecue sauce. He also hated the idea of being barbecue sauce.
"Is it over?" As if expecting another jade beam to spear through the ceiling and bathe her face, Pepper approached from behind.
Harrier finally noticed his fatigue and teetered backward into a wall like a bloody tosser. His elbow struck a flowerpot that sat on a shelf. He didn't care. That knickknack made him wish he were still almost sightless. And now he accidentally sat in the damp dirt that had spilled onto the floor. And in a sore squeal, his buttocks told him the plant was a miniature cactus.
Pepper squatted next to him. Harrier's vision had resolved itself more. He now discerned her frizzy hair. The antagonistic expression she usually wore with unapologetic fervor had thawed. Her features had softened. She evidently hadn't sat on the cactus.
"Hey, bird beast. Thanks for saving me. I mean...well..." She sighed as if thanking a soldier felt like torture intended only for treasonous curs. "Thanks. That's all I can say. Thanks. I think I bruised a few vertebrae from your football tackle, and my arm needs serious medical attention, and I may have internal bleeding in the back of my skull from when we hit the ground, and I think one of my eyes is laser washed...but I wouldn't have made it without you." She smiled and squeaked a wee daft giggle. "Oh, and I chipped a tooth."
"Saving you? You were the one who bested Plaster unarmed." Harrier felt a headache that had buried itself in his subconscious. Now, the row with the Bad Guys over, that headache bullied into the most sensitive parts of his brain. It throbbed in time with the blazing stabs of his kneecap and his bruised hip. He clutched his head and mustered some feeble words. "But you are welcome, madam. And your high-pitched voice now sounds less annoying."
Pepper pulled herself out of her squat. "Harrier, maybe not all military men are testosterone-baked meatheads."
Harrier allowed himself a slight smile. "And perhaps not all protestors are attention-seeking troublemakers. And, for the record, I agree with you on the disservice of women. It was a shallow, sexist act."
Pepper smoothed the curls in her hair. They coiled back up like broken guitar strings. "Look, I should leave. But, uh, let's pretend we never met. You know, for the sake of our reputations. If the media ever learned I was with you this whole time, my efforts would be crocked. Deal?" She extended her hand in a friendly gesture.
Harrier unsteadily stood, though his bloody head protested sickeningly. "And I'll help your sisterhood from inside the organization."
They shook hands, Pepper saying, "And you should try out for a football team. The Mongolian Yurts are hurting for a fullback." She smiled and stepped down the hall.
"I prefer their ultimate-couponing games." Harrier watched her leave. "I expect never to perceive color again."
Pepper tossed a wink over her shoulder. "Then we're even, bird beast."
* * *
Finding Patton hadn't been difficult. Legion simply followed the trail of Power Plant blowing stuff up. He wished the young agitator would stay away from the station's power core, though. They might need it later. In fact, he was sure they would need it around the time, out of embarrassment, Legion dropped himself into Kamikaze's walk-in meat grinder. After that, Power Plant could blow up whatever he wanted.
Patton's gaze inspected the destruction: potholes and gaps in the ceiling that would require a fully operational haunt control to fill, destroyed towers, and a soup of construction workers that lay near a bay window.
Legion groaned at what Patton had observed today: the regular blatant disregard for common sense. And, whenever Lowensland attacked, common courtesy.
"Sir, I know you came for a routine inspection, and I know we didn't exactly impress you today—" Legion heard a snap: Power Plant had stuck a ruined transport's exposed wire into his mouth to see what it tasted like. By how he did it again, Legion guessed it tasted oddly rewarding. "But I hope nothing you experienced gave you a negative opinion of us. Did you happen to catch anything Kamikaze did?"
Patton twirled his mustache. Legion waited for his signature smile, his good-natured chuckle, but they weren't forthcoming. "If I didn't know better, Lieutenant Colonel, I'd say you were running this organization into the ground. I mean, a troop of criminals, led by the worst dressed of the bunch—rated five years in a row according to a fashion magazine—waltzed in and used a high-tech hole punch on your space station."
Legion's throat tightened in an imaginary vice that twisted it until it wrung dry. "The Bad Guys attacked. We weren't properly prepared, sir. We should have been. We should always be prepared." Alaphus, as benevolent as He was, wouldn't solve this problem for Legion. He'd leave Legion alone to wallow. "And, Jeff, exposed wiring doesn't exactly taste like sugar."
"Exactly taste like awesome." Power Plant stuck the wire up his nose. "An' smell like fierce coolness."
Patton shrugged. His breast pocket's awards jangled. "But I know you better than that. Lieutenant Colonel, you usually have a contingency plan, and when you don't, you show Lowensland why improvisation works." He clapped a hand over Legion's shoulder. His smile finally surfaced. "If I followed every plan laid out before me, I'd be dead today. Seriously. Some fool once had this awful idea of setting fire to an orphanage to draw out the enemy—"
"Sir, that was me." Legion toed the parking lot asphalt.
Patton fell silent. His mouth shut, and his mustache stopped twitching. "Well, you were shell-shocked. And, ignoring the fact that we hadn't yet evacuated the orphanage, it was sound logic—even if the orphans weren't too crazy about it."
"They spat on me and called me a dork-o-poopy."
"Kids do that."
"Then one punched me in the back of the head."
"He reached that high?"
"Sister Paula helped him up."
"Tenacious little runt." Patton shrugged. "At least none of the orphans died. Lieutenant Colonel, you may loathe to admit it, but you make a fine leader. You have some learning ahead, but you've grown into the position of commanding suicidal madmen and electricity eaters very well. Oh, can't forget the soldier who plays with explosives."
"You mean the three soldiers who play with explosives. Some of their interests overlap. If I had more control over them, they wouldn't overlap in my face."
"Lieutenant Colonel, you're a capable leader who serves his field well, fighting a traitor who's entered battles wearing a feathered tutu. Learn to believe in yourself. Just don't let your anger at Lowensland cloud your judgment." He added with a mutter, "And cut Jeffy a break sometimes, will you?"
Capable leader? Served his jurisdiction well? Feathered tutu? Cut Jeffy a break? Legion hadn't expected those words after the punch-in-the-gut day he'd shown Patton. All oxygen evacuated his brain and left a mushy gray mound of unfed bulk. Capable leader?
"The only thing that irked me about today is that Lowensland stole our gratuity hamburgers." As if able to spot The Bad Guy Starship, Patton searched the stars where it had disappeared. His eyes thinned bitterly. "One of those burgers was my dinner."
Chapter Twenty-Two: Goes down Easy, Comes up Easier
"You freaking pansy dancers." Schizophrenic thrust the heel of his palm into the transport's dashboard. Useless piss of idiots. The Virillian was the only capable one of this bunch aside from Lefty himself. Didn't matter. Lefty was macked enough to thrust the heel of his palm into anything from a thundermammal to a gnu. Yeah, he said it: a gnu. What the crock was a gnu, anyway? He didn't know, but he wanted to shove his fist so far up one's waste crack that his fingers would flap its wings.
Schizophrenic had stolen this civ-tran from the Good Guy parking lot. After Master Asinine and his hotheaded Worse–than–Bad Guys had left them to rot on that space station, Schizophrenic had to steal his own ride home. Too bad these losers found him. Otherwise, he'd have to contend with only Righty, who would sing the theme song to whatever ridiculous sitcom came to mind. Maybe he had bought the audio chip collection of the universe's most gut-gnawing tunes. Lefty had taken about half an hour to shut up his interpretation of the theme to Pillar Swashbuckling. And threatening to duct tape his mouth shut had only made him whoop and sing louder. Who guessed someone would enjoy the taste of duct tape?
Multipurpose hadn't taken long to crawl to the civ-tran and pass out from sheer exhaustion. Using more than his jaw muscles had proven grueling. Braindead found them soon after, and before Schizophrenic could fire up this claptrap's thrusters, Plaster slammed onto the hood and demanded they let him in. They'd flown a good hundred fifty kilometers out of the atmospheric bubble before humoring him, though. Watching an asphyxiating Plaster's skin crack in the coldness of space was freaking sidesplitting. Finally they let him in so they could use the windshield wipers to clear off his filmy gunk. The wipers failed. Now they were glued into place. Nice going, Plaster McNasty. On the trip home, they had to endure Multipurpose's sewer-sensational body odor, and they couldn't see what meteor they were zooming into.
In agitation, Lefty flopped forward, his head tooting the horn sharply. A trucker zoomed past and responded with a finger. The finger. Lefty spat out his toothpick. "The horn wasn't meant for you, gut buster. You can't even hear it in space."
Schizophrenic wrinkled his nose at Multipurpose, the monarch of wishful thinking, whose waxy skin looked paler than his waxy eyebrows. Lefty had waxed that surplus ninja's eyebrows himself. And painted the clown makeup on him, crafting it carefully around the double...make that triple chins. Heh. That look was as freaking hilarious as the scores on that fast-food magnet's medical exams.
Anyway, Schizophrenic wasn't finished chewing out these motley bust-a-nuts. He felt lethargic, exhausted by the buffoonery of the ne'er-do-anything-wells with which Asinine burdened him. "It's all your fault this genetic fiasco went south."
"Hey!" Sitting in the backseat, Plaster launched forward and clamped his slimy hands around Righty's neck. As if Lefty would stop him. "I did everythin' by the freakin' book, so blame these two idiots. Ain't my fault them Good Guys came out on top. And what in crock's a pansy dancer? Seriously, 'gut buster' I get, but how the freak can ya dance a pansy?" He rang Righty's neck, literally what with the bell collar Master Asinine had given him.
"Hey, I see stars." Righty smiled. Plaster cracked a hand across Righty and then wrapped that hand back around the bell-collared neck. "And more stars."
"We're in space, fruit loop. There's stars everywhere." Lefty caught a whiff of the flavor of the month Multipurpose decided his breath should reek like. To Plaster, he said, "This is as much your fault as it is Braindead's and Stuff the Magic Chuck Wagon's." He pointed at Multipurpose. "Hope you like having your walking privileges revoked by Asinine's kneecap busters because, once we're home, he's getting an earful of all today's freak-ups, courtesy of me."
"And me." Righty beamed. "I love freak-up Wednesdays."
"Today's Sunday. And freak-up Wednesdays celebrate all the crock you put us through. Now, back to you." Schizophrenic whirled around at Plaster. The whirl sent Righty's head smacking into the seatback, so Lefty's heart shot him a fluttery pick-me-up. "You sit back and shut up for the rest of the ride. And be freaking quiet about shutting up. This thing's a regular transport, and it doesn't have enough charge for interstellar travel. So this trip is going to take a couple stops until we steal a starship that does have enough charge."
Plaster's hand separated from Righty's neck with stringy ooze suctioning off it. He slapped Lefty. "You want a piece o' my strangulatin' fury?"
"Oh, it's on, you giant slug." Schizophrenic slapped back, but Plaster blocked with both palms. They slap-fought in the close confines of the civ-tran, angling their faces away.
"Attention. You are five minutes away from the closest Space Cow, where the flavor just keeps on moooooving up and down your throat. Regurgitation has never tasted so beefy!" The haunt control finished with a quiet jingle.
"You said somethin' about stops," Plaster said.
A double-leather cheeseburger sounded good right about now. "Control, acknowledge. Drop by Space Cow. And ventilate this little cosmic boat. That air freshener's no match for Multipurpose's multipurpose sweat spots."
Why was it that whenever Schizophrenic ended up on Station One he had to hitch his own ride home?

THE END

NEXT BOOK:
Kamikaze installs new detonator panels on all of his outfits...for the sixteenth-to-last time!
So you had the audacity to check out this book. This is why I think of you as one of my own and might one day put you in my will. I can't offer much, but what I can offer is this cute little preview of the next installment of Psychological Scarring: A Process in Action. Enjoy.


In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy
Book 6: Power Tool


When Master Asinine tracks down a source of great power, he'll stop at nothing to get it. Mostly it's because he doesn't know when to quit, but you have to give him points for his tenacity.
But what happens when that source of great power turns out to be a person? And what's Mechanism's interest in all this?
Check inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com for release info, news, and ways in which you, too, can become a prominent member of your neighborhood watch program.

Grab book 6 at:

tiny.cc/iagffa6
Book 6, Chapter One: Buyer Beware
December 21, 9109. 8:14 a.m. (Galactic Standard Time).
"OKAY, I'M CALLING THIS WREAKING OF CHAOS TO ORDER. Wait, Lieutenant, is this thing on? And is my All-Tweener Girl Tracks album playing? Good. OKAY, NOW I'M CALLING THIS WREAKING OF CHAOS TO ORDER."
Crock, that sounded loud! Luzimoss Grenard's Trioxidillian pinnas still vibrated under his skin-covered ears. Was that Master Asinine? Luzimoss stumbled off the sidewalk into the wall of a bank and accidentally crushed the bag of oranges cradled in his arm. A shame. They'd looked juicy. They were juicy, he guessed by the sticky remains drenched across his shirt. He really should pay closer attention to the precognitive aspect of his "knowledge hivemind," his inborn hyperability.
"CITIZENS OF WHATEVER THIS PLACE IS, BOW BEFORE MY ALMIGHTY MASTERY OF YOUR ATTENTION FOR TEN OR TWENTY MINUTES, WHICHEVER COMES FIRST."
That blithering bellowed through a megaphone so clearly and loudly in the Arkanal Marketplace that it sounded as if the heavens had ripped open with the voice of a raving idiot. Must have been the Bad Guys, the largest and most powerful criminal organization in the galaxy, led by the idiot Master Asinine. "ALSO, MY NEW POWER TIE IS SHINY." Yes, the Bad Guys.
The screams of market patrons raked the air, and a snarling stampede against pavement frenzied away from the Bad Guys, who marched through an agora. Luzimoss stepped aside to avoid the bystanders that shoved against each other in a melee to escape. One stampeding woman would soon slip and Luzimoss had to be ready. There she went. She slapped against the cobblestone sidewalk. Luzimoss helped her up before the stampede crushed her, and she continued to panic away. Through his hands, he funneled a warning over the growl of the stampede. "Hurry, before he starts making up letters!"
"I AM YOUR DEATH MACHINE, MARKET SUCKERS. BUT DO NOT FEEL CONFUSED MERELY BECAUSE I AM A MAN. I AM HERE SIMPLY TO EXECUTE AN ACTION PLAN TO END YOUR MEAGER LIVES AND GAIN INCREASED MARKET SHARE. FILE ME UNDER THE LETTER DEATH MACHINE. Are they bowing yet, Lieutenant?"
"They're actually fleeing, sir."
"I hate natural responses to panic."
"Using intimidating business jargon causes that. And you sow the seeds of panic like a gladiatorial gardener. By the way, 'death machine' is not a letter."
"Then it must be a number. So file me. I go under 'death machine.'"
"Holy crock." Multipurpose, the incapable and obese Bad Guy ninja, caressed a sai with his index finger. Luzimoss could picture it without seeing him. "If you keep flapping your spew hole, I'll file your crocking tenders under 'things Multipurpose crocking filets.'"
Luzimoss ground his teeth in a hiss. Curse those ridiculous voices. One belonged to Master Asinine, the leader of the vilest criminals known to livingkind. And now he and his Bad Guys were terrorizing this marketplace. Luzimoss's blood thickened enough to deepen the color of his blue skin. His body heat rose despite the wind in this side street.
He should have anticipated this situation. He anticipated everything...given a margin of error. He'd been caught off guard because his mind had wandered. A 63 percent chance that was the case, according to the multiple voices in his head, his knowledge hivemind. When his mind wandered, he neglected his knowledge hivemind.
Luzimoss didn't need to look to know what was happening—he knew—but he looked anyway. Asinine's garish fashion would take his mind off the juice covering his shirt. And possibly Asinine's paddleball thwacking.
Luzimoss's knowledge hivemind supplied the situation's details, and he imagined the scene in his mind's eye. Master Asinine stood behind the robot-suited Mechanism and announced buildings he wanted the armored cohort to destroy. And stand behind Mechanism he must: the mouthpiece of his loudspeaker snaked out the back of the armored goon's helmet. Hadn't he heard about wireless technology yet?
Asinine's fashion nonsense today topped that of any previous outfit, which told Luzimoss that the idiot desperately needed a wife, a tailor, or a gaping head wound. He dressed as if he were on his way to a business meeting for jesters. His self-made Proclaim Your Love for Cultural Icons T-shirt Day was today, and so his outfit included a white Junkyard Dog shirt. He wore purple suit pants with green suspenders over that and...Oh, in the name of dignity, white complemented most things, yes, but not a tie with carnation pink dots. Or mime makeup.
Okay, back to reality. Asinine would soon return to his public outcry. And was that a fanfare trumpeting from the speakers in Mechanism's bodysuit? At Asinine's behest, of course. One more polka fan Luzimoss could do without meeting.
"LISTEN UP, PEOPLE OF THIS STREET. Lieutenant, what's this street? We don't know? Okay, we'll name it. LISTEN UP, PEOPLE OF AVENUE INSANE-O-MATICULA. MY ASSOCIATES AND I ARE SEARCHING FOR AN OBJECT OF MUCH INTEREST. WE HAVE TRACKED ITS ENERGY OUTPUT TO THIS MARKET. YOU MAY NOT KNOW WHERE IT IS, BUT IF YOU REFUSE TO TELL US WHERE, I WILL INVITE YOUR MOTHER-IN-LAW TO YOUR HOUSE THIS WEEKEND. SO THERE."
Mechanism grumbled. "That is appealing to their sense of reason."
"And their sense of common."
Master Asinine's sycophantic second-in-command, Lieutenant IQ 23, stood beside Asinine. He accidentally smacked his leader's face with the question marks attached to his helmet's temples. The ugliest goons to ever disgrace the news, Plaster and the fatter-than-fat Multipurpose, stood behind Mechanism and Asinine's bodyguard, Braindead. Multipurpose nursed an ache, a result of too much walking.
These weren't the prettiest bunch in the galaxy. Plaster was a skull-faced bruiser, the result of an experiment that left him with perpetually-oozing-and-replenishing skin the consistency of candlewax. Mechanism, whose face was never publicly seen, was an egomaniac wrapped in weaponized metal armor. The scaly Braindead was of the mute and reptilian Virillian race, and he played the role of Master Asinine's bodyguard. And Multipurpose...sigh...that sweaty, pasty Bulbosoid could eat an entire buffet spread but couldn't walk three feet without pulling a muscle.
The Bad Guys advanced, scaring bystanders out from underneath produce tables and transports. More screams littered the commotion, and the screamers clambered for escape. The oozing Plaster grabbed a melon table. He upended it and sent those underneath scurrying away. The brainless thug needed to do something for entertainment.
Asinine jibber-jabbered, "Mechanism, to show how serious this latest free-for-all is, enact the destruction of that parking garage over there with rockets o' plenty. Enact it in a free-for-all fashion, too. I don't do free-for-nones."
Luzimoss stepped forward. He needed to stop this before Asinine killed someone, an 82 percent likelihood if no one intervened.
Asinine checked a storefront. "Ooh. Mechanism, forgo the garage. Point and click a missile at that ice cream parlor. And blow me up a double scoop of rocky road. Who's ready to find the crock out of stuff? Me, that's who."
In his full-body armor, Mechanism planted his robot-gloved hands on his hips. "I doubt this 'coolness source of powerful proportions' hides behind a drum of tutti-frutti. However, this will prevent us from clinging to any remaining shred of dignity. And destroying this store will perhaps deflect a cone into my forehead and kill me before the ridicule can."
"Don't be so hard on yourself. I'm sure you'll last until the ridicule phase."
Mechanism unleashed a tiny missile at Asinine's desired target. The explosion snarled through the Arkanal Market and chewed apart the ice cream parlor. Luzimoss didn't mind. He'd never before seen it, but his knowledge hivemind told him that parlor charged way too much for a waffle cone.
A lagging market patron limped between two buildings to escape the parlor's bursting debris. Before shrapnel could decapitate him—a 94 percent chance if he kept on his current path—Luzimoss grabbed him and yanked him behind a billboard for Meat Paste Hot Dogs.
"Neutronium Bonding Glue could have prevented this parlor's destruction," a public address speaker on the parlor's wall said. "Like us on Facebook." The parlor leaned forward with bricks crumbling off. It teetered...teetered...collapsed. A billboard advertisement on its side, one promoting military organization Intergalactic Protection's new narcotics squad, dropped, slicing the air above Luzimoss. The building's upper floors loomed down. Luzimoss didn't bother moving since the ad had only a 2 percent chance of halving him. It cut the asphalt inches away, where the parlor crunched against the building next door. The area quaked with thunder billowing from the debris. Dust trickled into Luzimoss's nostrils.
Master Asinine spread his hands. "Fan out, everyone. Since these worthless fools would rather panic than help me achieve my misguided goal, you'll have to actually lift a finger. Multipurpose, that means you, too, no matter how out of shape that finger is."
"Shut the crock up!" Multipurpose stamped forward. Then the inevitable wince.
Master Asinine pointed his pistol at another building across the street. "The coolness source must be inside that shop. It's sinister. Mechanism, reengineer the front entrance so it looks blown up."
Mechanism slouched, his armor clanking. He looked displeased. He always looked displeased. Asinine's needless business lingo displeased him most this time. "Must you act this insipidly whenever we leave our headquarters? And whenever we are at our headquarters? This sinister shop is a joke store. You purchase our ammunition there."
"Not all of it. The exploding cigars come through the mail." Master Asinine aimed his pistol and popped two shots into the shop's latent-technology window. The l-tech window fragmented into static nothingness. He popped another shot through the gap left by the l‑window and hit nothing. He turned and fired at a furniture store, pecking apart a bunk bed and a dresser. "Okay, whoever finds me the source of unimaginable coolness may receive a plundering bonus for outstanding data-work projections. That coolness source is around here somewhere. I smell it. Smells like a wet dog."
The last market patron scrambled around an advertisement hologram and out of the battleground, so Luzimoss approached Master Asinine. He knew this "source of unimaginable coolness." His knowledge hivemind rated his chances of being correct at 97 percent.
Luzimoss stepped forward. "You there, with the fashion nonsense and the guy in the toy robot suit."
Mechanism looked taken aback. "Toy robot suit? I'll have you know—"
Luzimoss whipped up a hand: Mechanism, shut up.
The onrush of thrusters blew through the pulverized market square. Two yellow lights emerged behind a thick cloud that swelled from several chimneys. The cloud split to reveal a Fireball starship. Ugh. Not them. So intently had Luzimoss concentrated on the Bad Guys, he'd not noticed his knowledge hivemind's warning. His blood heated. He'd had this handled! He slammed a fist against a civilian transport. The civ-tran bleeped in annoyance. The Good Guys had arrived, a team that their parent organization, Intergalactic Protection, had assembled as a specific response to the Bad Guys. And...huh? On their starship's wing...Asinine's greedy smile in a yellow circle with a thumbs-up wedged in. The Bad Guy logo. How did IP allow that? Oh. His knowledge hivemind said it was due to some botched sponsorship deal Power Plant had signed the Good Guys up for. Now the logo made sense.
A British voice blared through a public address speaker. "GEORGE LOWENSLAND, MEDIA-NAMED MASTER ASININE, THIS IS HARRIER OF THE GOOD GUYS. FOR TRANSGRESSIONS AGAINST THE PLANETARY UNION OF RENOVODOMUS, WE HAVE COME TO PLACE YOU UNDER ARREST. PLEASE TURN YOURSELF AND YOUR FOLLOWERS IN."
"Turn myself in? How—" Master Asinine stopped and yanked at the mike dangling from Mechanism's head. Mechanism's head wrenched aside with it. "TURN MYSELF IN? HOW MANY TIMES MUST I TELL YOU I HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING WRONG?"
A shuffle whispered out of the Good Guy starship's speaker. A perky voice trilled through the marketplace. "NINE MORE TIME. MEBBE MORE. MEBBE SIX."
"Jeffrey, I can bloody well manage the authoritative yelling. Thank you. Continue your cutting and pasting," Harrier said. Then, into the microphone, "DONE NOTHING WRONG? ASININE, YOU ARE RIGHT BARMY. EXAMINE THIS STREET. YOU'VE DEMOLISHED THIS ENTIRE BLOCK, YOU'VE MURDERED THREE INNOCENTS, AND—Yes, Jeffrey, it is a nice turtle drawing. You may put it on your fridge doojigger. No, we need not hear the happy-hobby art siren."
"A hostile takeover. I hate corporate raiders." Asinine snapped his fingers. "Everyone, prepare for round one of atomic horseplay. Multipurpose, prepare for coat one of applied muscle ointment."
Lieutenant IQ 23 scurried to Asinine, Braindead close behind. Plaster and Multipurpose laughed. Then only Plaster laughed. Multipurpose nursed an ache in his rolling gut.
Harrier's voice turned away from the speaker. "Franchise, land the craft. Franchise? Franchise, stop shaking. You need not engage in combat. Just..." He growled. "Blimey. Very well. Everyone, just fly out."
Luzimoss watched from his position behind a building. Several Good Guys shot from the starship: their fliers. Kamikaze's landing proved too steep. He smacked into the ground, rolled across the street, hopped up, checked himself, looked disappointed, dropped down, and kept rolling into a fruit stand. Power Plant, Burnout, and Harrier faced the Bad Guys. Power Plant stuck out his tongue.
Luzimoss winced at them. The other half of the brawlers in this revolting war had arrived. Today's contestants here comprised immature upstart and laser-shooter Power Plant, his older and angrier fire-wielding brother Burnout, the autoresurrecting Kamikaze, and the birdlike Harrier. Franchise, their pilot, remained aboard the starship.
Harrier, dressed in his yellow-blue impact suit, slid a hand over Power Plant's shoulder. "Delay your tongue lashing until after the punches, Jeffrey. It may come in handy later." He flapped his feathery wings.
Master Asinine threw Mechanism's head mike at Harrier. Still attached to its wire, it snapped back into Mechanism's mouth plate. "Are you trying to stop me from gaining more market percentage by seizing the coolness source of powerful human goiter from us?"
"Humungaloidness, sir," Lieutenant IQ 23 said.
"My toy collection won't be complete without this coolness. It is the key to controlling the universe." Asinine snapped his fingers in recollection. "Lieutenant, remind me to pick up buttermilk pancake mix while we're here."
"Your favorite buttermilk-and-pancake foodstuff, sir."
"Uniting the two was pure brilliance."
To find a way out of this situation, Luzimoss scanned the breadth of his knowledge hivemind. Harrier clutched his head as if bracing against an abrupt migraine. And Luzimoss knew it was a migraine. Master Asinine, Plaster, Power Plant, everyone stopped and buckled to their knees. They all deserved this agony, but it soon stopped. Luzimoss finished scanning, having inflicted only a mild dose on them.
Still stunned, Harrier dropped to his knees, favoring a braced kneecap he'd injured during an attack on the Good Guys' headquarters last Friday. "We are here to arrest you for yesterday's hostage taking, Asinine, though I am unsure if mistaking cardboard cutouts for living people constitutes a crime."
"The intent was present, though the thought, as always, stayed home," Mechanism said. If he were holding a teacup, his pinky would have been poised.
"And I's goin' to ninja fantasy camp, so's give in now a'fore I ninjas up you." Power Plant stamped forward with the foot not wrapped in bandages and healing putty, injuries also from last Friday's attack.
"Enough wit' the openin' remarks." Plaster thrust forward and squared a stony punch into Harrier's jaw. Harrier retaliated by slicing Plaster's cheek with the talons of his fingers. The two slapped hands together, and their palms wrestled for dominance above their heads. Plaster slammed Harrier's ribs with a mammoth boot to separate them.
Power Plant ducked Lieutenant IQ 23's wild punch. Behind him, Braindead dropped on all fours. Lieutenant IQ 23 leaped forward and shoved Power Plant over Braindead. Studying from the grade-school playbook again?
Kamikaze darted around Mechanism, grabbed a trash ionizer, and battered it against the metal-clad figure. Mechanism held out an arm and watched Kamikaze slam into it. Just as Luzimoss had expected. Probably just as Kamikaze had expected, too.
Time to end this, Luzimoss decided, before anything but random shops and, with any luck, some Good Guy and Bad Guy skulls were destroyed. He marched into the center of battle, both arms outstretched, battle-fire zipping around him. His knowledge hivemind warned him to dodge everything before he caught a light-bullet in the shoulder.
In seconds, he was on Harrier. Approaching from the left gave him a 78 percent chance of moving unnoticed. He reached Harrier and twisted the kneecap Plaster had cracked two days ago. The wingman blacked out. Kamikaze fell next: Luzimoss dodged a punch that tickled the air beside him and stabbed a finger into a pressure point that made Kamikaze's eyes bulge. Luzimoss soon bested the other Good Guys, then followed up with the Bad Guys. Mechanism proved difficult to defeat, but a hidden chink in his oil-scented armor helped. All thanks to Luzimoss's knowledge hivemind.
The combatants squirmed, so Luzimoss lowered his arms. Humph. He stomped to Master Asinine, whose eyes clamped shut in tearful agony. "Looking for a powerful source? You tracked my brainwaves here. That source is me." He slammed a boot into Asinine's ribs and thundered off, leaving these warmongers to kill each other. Alas, they wouldn't, since the Bad Guys would recover first and escape.
"Quick! The key to our market strategy is escaping!" Master Asinine writhed with a hoarse cough. "The coolness source of great humu—Lieutenant, what was that word again?"

To be or not to be continued but most likely to be...


Now that you got a taste, grab the whole meal at tiny.cc/iagffa6.
Because these books are like bacon:
you always want the rest of the plate.
Appendix: Technologies
Airfoil/Elevator airfoil
The elevator of the future. You stand on a speckled platform and a pocket of air gently lifts you to the floor you requested. The next best thing to being thrown by a circus strongman.
Antigrav pad
A pad you stick to objects that, when activated, cancels gravity and allows those objects to float. For tons of fun, stick them to your shoes and fly around with no coordination!
Atmospheric bubble
A bubble made from a jellylike substance that surrounds a celestial body to contain a breathable atmosphere. For those planets and asteroids not massive enough to keep their own atmosphere in check but want the fun and enjoyment of being a big boy.
Autoling
A pistol. Schizophrenic swears by them at family gatherings.
Autopilot/AI-pilot
Software that controls the flight path of vehicles. AI-pilots are more advanced than autopilots. If you crash your car, you can blame it on the software when your parents start yelling at you.
Blast-o-Matic
The most destructive electrical-based bomb in the galaxy. If you didn't get enough of a load o' this thing back in book 4, Armageddon Trigger Finger, then you're going to have to wait a while for it to muscle its way into your heart.
Brain chip
A microchip inserted into a brain that contains software and allows downloads and uploads. Parents, if you thought smart phones weren't damaging enough, wait until this is invented. Then you can start whining.
Callsign
A unique identifier (address) used to contact specific pieces of hardware. The telephone number of the future. See also Gabber and Viewscreen.
Cutting laser
A low-yield laser used for cutting. Don't point it at your eye. Unless you're into that. Hey, it's your life.
Datasheet
A hairthin computer that becomes flimsy when deactivated but solidifies when you turn it on. A laptop that can slip between your couch cushions.
Desktop unit
Computer embedded inside the surface of a desk to conserve space but not sanity when it performs those automatic updates.
Face Blitzkrieg
Gun used for mangling faces and mangling the rest of bodies. Mostly used on faces. Featured weapon in book 1, Serial Fiction Sideshow.
Fling-a-majig
Slingshot. A glorified slingshot. Let's just call it what it is: a throwback.
Force field
Barrier consisting of electromagnetic energy that can deflect physical matter. The Farsdale field is a bargain-basement brand of force field that gives off a static-electricity discharge if you're not nice or you support animal testing. Or you hate peanut butter.
Fridge doojigger
Appliance used to refrigerate your meats, vegetables, and victims.
Gabber/Communicator
A communication device that sits in the pinna of your ear. Don't answer if it's your boss.
Haunt control
Software that takes vocal commands as input and gives sassmouth as output. Haunt controls are named such because they automate locations by interacting with their environment so seamlessly that they make those environments feel haunted. Closely related to, but not the same as, latent technology. See also Haunt control modifier and Latent technology.
Haunt control modifier/Haunt control mod
Downloadable software that alters the voice and personality of your haunt control, gives it even sassier sassmouth than before. (Yay?)
Healing gel/Healing putty
Substance that aids the healing process from minor scrapes to critical fractures. Healing gel works more quickly and more thoroughly than healing putty and doesn't reek of vinegar. Can do anything but replace limbs. Can even rid you of that nasty football injury where you twisted your knee completely the wr—Yeah, the one where you attempted to catch that lateral pass but looked like an idiot instead? That one. Never try that again. Your mom was worried sick.
Holography
Three-dimensional-hologram-based imaging technology. You can take a sick day and, as long as people don't like touching you or even talking to you, no one will be the wiser.
Hyperthesia
A brand of prescription-based hyperstasis medication that suppresses the secretion of the hypergland and stops the body from using its hyperability. Used by holding a Hyperthesia applicator close to the body and pressing its button, which zaps an electrical impulse into the hypergland. Fun at a party.
Impact clothing/Impact suit
Material made of energy-absorbing and somewhat-bulletproof polyurethane fibers that are pliable under normal circumstances but, when struck, clench together and become rigid to absorb and scatter the effects of impact. Usually used for military purposes but also used by drunk guys to impress girls.
Ionizing screen/Ion screen/Shield screen
Barrier consisting of electromagnetic energy that can either block objects from passing or dissolve those objects on contact. Used in prisons to hold inmates in cells, in stores and banks to divide clerks from customers, and in sporting events to divide spectators' heads from fly balls. Shield screens in prisons can display data on inmates. Cheap shield screens can give static-electric shocks on contact. So don't high-five it. Just kidding. Go ahead. I'll watch.
Laser paint/Insta-paint
Coloring technology used to instantly paint objects. Give your wall that rosy glow. Or you, if you like reeking offensively.
Laser rope
Cord made from malleable fibers that fuse together in place of tying a knot. Just don't use this in a game of cat's cradle.
Latent technology/L-tech
Technology whereby an object—doors, furniture, your collection of antique booby traps—is stored in computer memory for later retrieval. Objects intended to be stored in latent technology memory must be "l tech ready." Advancements in latent technology have decreased the amount of computer memory corruption. Leading brand names include Letchtech, Starweather, and Bob's. Interfaces with, but isn't synonymous with, haunt control technology. No, you can't use this to get rid of your creepy uncle. See also Haunt control.
Light beamer
Beam of light that focuses heat radiation at a target. Used as a weapon, but not as dangerous as a light-bullet firearm since it simultaneously causes and cauterizes a wound. Radiation level can be turned down to a nonlethal setting. Still, it works as a nasty disco. See also Light-bullet.
Light-bullet
Projectile that consists of a future-awesome brass shell, a propellant substance, and light energy. When the light-bullet shell hits an object, it embeds in that object and peels apart to release light energy. As a weapon, the light energy burns a wound inside the target while the shell prevents cauterization. Works as a nastier disco and usually causes nosebleeds and hurt feelings.
Light panel
Inch-thick, one-square-foot-wide device that emits light. Levitates at a preset elevation and floats around like nobody's business. Can anticipate low lighting and float accordingly like nobody's business. Well, nobody's business until it clonks you in the head.
Moolah
The money of the future. All electronic. None of this paper stuff.
Pain connector
Video-game technology that allows the player to feel the pain that the characters feel. For those all-immersive deviants who like that sort of weird thing. Not me. I prefer not feeling bloated after playing Pac-Man.
Plastisteel
Substance that melds plastic and steel into one show-stopping product. See also Plastiwood.
Plastiwood
Same biz as plastisteel but with plastic and wood. See also Plastisteel.
Power core
Power source of a structure (such as a space station or a house) or transport. Better than double-A batteries.
Security drone
Unmanned device, usually aerial, used for security and protection purposes. Common security drones include ninjandroids, which combine the coolest parts of ninjas and androids. Often found at shopping malls, public events, and rich people's houses. You can call yours Fido and feed it kibbles and bolts. (See what I did there? Kibbles and b—You get it.)
Starship/Transport
Vehicle used for either intraplanetary travel (ground transport) or interplanetary travel (space transport or starship). A starship is a transport but a transport isn't always a starship. Can carry anywhere from one person to entire armadas, depending on the class. Common transport classes include sedan (civilian transports for up to 6 people), maxi-sedan (civilian transports for 7 to 19 people), trojan (military transports for up to 20 soldiers), subtitan (military transports for 20 to 100 soldiers), and titan (military transports for more than 100 soldiers). Common shorthand includes "civ-tran" (civilian transport), "gun-tran" (gunship), "jail-tran" (prisoner transport), "law-tran" (police-service transport), "mil-tran" (military transport), "mass-tran" (mass-transit transport, such as a bus), "med-tran" (medical-service transport), "news-tran" (news transport), "serv-tran" (service-based transport, such as a tow transport), and "war-tran" (combat-based transport used at wartime). Transports and starships run on electricity. Common transport groups are Fireball (subtitan mil-tran), Flagstar (trojan mil-tran), Express (trojan mil-tran), and Lasergem (subtitan mil-tran). Uncommonly called cars. Still attracts bird crap after it goes through the carwash. Still guzzles energy like there's no tomorrow.
Thumbprint reader
Device used to read thumbprints to connect people to their accounts. Used for banking and identification. Don't fall asleep in public or you'll wake up with a few more bank accounts than you remember opening.
Viewscreen
Device used to watch broadcasts, display computer output, conduct video calls, or spy on your neighbors if you're invasive and can't leave well enough alone. You intrusive snoop.
Appendix: Advertisements and Merch
Over the last few months, some of the voices in my head have asked me what kind of marketing material I use to get the word out about this series. They say to me, "Hey idiot"—they know me so well—"got a question: I'm just curious what you use for marketing, what type of stuff you hand out." And, while I remind those voices that that technically isn't a question, I show them some of the handouts or graphics I use.
Then I'm reminded that not all of you reading this book have had a chance to see the marketing material I use. Maybe you'll get a kick out of some of this. So here, my fine, fine audience, is a sample of the business cards, T-shirts, and promotional crud I've foisted on some of you.
Kickstarter business card
Here's a business card I passed around when I ran my Kickstarter campaign. I passed this out at colleges and universities, at local businesses, and to anyone who gave me the chance. If anyone is interested in seeing the campaign page, it's still available. Float over to tiny.cc/iagffa1_kickstarter for a look. I can't guarantee it'll be up forever, but as of this printing, it's still out and about.

Kickstarter rack card
Here, you'll see a rack card I passed around for that same Kickstarter campaign. Get a load of that original logo. I changed it sometime after the campaign but thankfully before I designed the cover for the first book. Good thing, too. I'm liking the revised logo better. I think the r in AwRy was clearer on the original logo, though.

Employee Pass
At Montreal Comiccon, my crew and I had a little act going at the IAGFFA booth. One of my booth cohorts, Colin, ham-acted a perfect Master Asinine. He made the booth experience complete by giving employee IDs to Bernie and me so we could pose as Bad Guys.
The characters that got the ID treatment were Lieutenant IQ 23, Braindead, and Schizophrenic. If you're lucky and we have spare badges, we might draft you too.
Avert your eyes to the right and up a bit to see a couple of these passes. Or not. Have it your way.
Maybe one day we'll do other characters. Who knows?
Right now, it's just a Bad Guy thing.

Reef Solo Story Handout
At some events, I give a little extra to people who come around my booth. Once I handed out cards with URLs explaining where they can download Reef's solo story earlier than when I announced the story on social media. Check out the card below. The story is now available to everyone, so if you want to check out these solo stories, surf over to the IAGFFA site at www.inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com and check the Freebies section. As of this printing, I've got solo stories for Franchise, Pincushion, Appetite, Smithereens, and a Station One cookbot, as well.

Pull Quote
When I have the table space at events, I display pull quotes from Master Asinine, Legion, Schizophrenic, Power Plant, Franchise, and some of the other characters. Here's one from Ace Spandex. You can also find these as section dividers on the e-mails I put out on my mailing list, which you can join if you visit the Subscribe section of the IAGFFA site.

Car Alarm T-Shirt
Here's a graphic of Car Alarm's very own T-shirt, stolen from the cover of book 2. I see some of you wearing these to conventions and expos. I approve because it's awesome. If you're interested in getting your hands on a T-shirt, contact me.

About Ol' What's-His-Face
Liam Gibbs knew he was destined to write at age four, when he authored a breathtaking account of a cow who ate grass. The bovine saga failed to catch the public's eye but earned the budding author parental acclaim. Since those early times, he's gone on to write the novella Not So Superpowered and humorous articles for various magazines.
A twenty-year veteran of the brutal world of hand-to-hand comic book fandom, Gibbs cut his teenage teeth on titles such as Spider-Man, X-Men, New Warriors, and other Marvel comics.
Gibbs graduated college with a degree in professional writing, which included classes on fiction writing and story structure. He lives on the balmy shores of Ottawa, Canada, where he relaxes by watching staggeringly awful horror and science fiction movies. A health and fitness nut, he shoots lasers from his eyes, uses the word exclusive incorrectly, and once wrestled an exclusive brontosaurus. True story.

It helps if you don't make eye contact.
I'M ON A MISSION...

If you enjoyed this book and want others to enjoy it too, please take a minute to review it online. Reviews are the #1 way to draw in new readers and keep the series going.

This book was written as an homage to the comic mythos, and I'd love it if more readers could find it.

And, hey, I'd love to hear what you thought. Let me know you reviewed it, and I'll check it out.

Two or three lines is cool, and it would mean the world to me.


Review the book my dog rated "good enough to chew up."

tiny.cc/iagffa5
FREE DOWNLOAD

I want to give you free stuff. For free even!

Join the In a Galaxy Far, Far AwRy army and get an exclusive, free story
you can't find anywhere else...just for signing up! How?
Mosey on over to tiny.cc/iagffa_army for all the details.

How awesome is that?



tiny.cc/iagffa_army
For updates and the latest news on my celebrity crushes, visit me at my social-media haunts.

Keep tabs on the series at inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com
Like it on at tiny.cc/iagffa_facebook
Follow it on tiny.cc/iagffa_twitter
Make barnyard noises with it on tiny.cc/iagffa_linkedin
It's the only means you have of blaming me for the death of the electric car.

To see more of Ice Cream Headache's creative body art, please review this book online, in newspapers, everywhere. Tell your friends, tell your enemies, tell everybody. Pass it on. The more exposure the series gets, the more its audience grows, the more you help an independent author, and the more you'll be forced to tell the proper authorities that the success of this series is all your fault.

For a list of review links, please visit inagalaxyfarfarawRy.com/series.php#id5.

